
Support for this podcast and the following message come from Ener Gia, where everyone can invest in the world's top renewable energy markets. Whether you're a seasoned investor or just starting out, diversify your portfolio for as little as $100. Make your money do more at gia.com/npr.


From WHYY in Philadelphia. I'm Terry Gross with Fresh Air Weekend. This is the Daily Show with your host Ronnie Chang. Today we hear from Ronnie Chang. After Trevor, Noah started hosting the Daily Show in 2015, he brought on Chang as a field correspondent who could offer a global perspective. Now Chang is one of the show's hosts. He's third generation Chinese, Malaysian, and grew up in Malaysia, Singapore, and the U us. He has a new Netflix comedy special, also filmmaker and writer. Miranda July talks about her novel All Fours. It's about a 45 year old married woman, her erotic affair with no actual sex beginning perimenopause, and the related fears of losing her libido and getting older.


That's coming up on Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from Apple Card. If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high-yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC, terms and more@applecard.com.


This message comes from Capella University. Learning doesn't have to get in the way of life. With Capella's game changing FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your own schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to earn your degree. Instead, enjoy learning your way and pursue your educational and career goals without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from Sony Pictures Classics with the Room next door. The new film by Pedro Almodovar starring Julianne Moore Until de Swinton. After years go by, two friends meet again in an extreme but sweet situation. Now playing in select theaters.


This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Teri Gross. My first guest is comic actor and political satirist Ronnie Chang. He became a correspondent for the Satirical New Show, the Daily Show in 2015 after Trevor Noah asked him to audition. Now Chang is one of the rotating correspondents who anchor the show. He also co-stars on the new Hulu series interior Chinatown. He had a memorable, funny scene in Crazy Rich Asians as a wealthy investment banker in Singapore. Ronnie Chang has a new Netflix comedy special called Love To Hate It, which starts streaming tomorrow. He brings an international perspective to his comedy. He was born in Malaysia where his grandparents immigrated from China from age three to seven.


He lived in Manchester, New Hampshire where his parents attended college. Then the family returned to Malaysia, which is basically across the bridge from Singapore. So he spent a lot of time there. He attended college in Australia where he got his BA in finance and his law degree, while also doing standup comedy. Let's start with a clip from his new comedy special. This is from a section about how he and his wife aren't ready for children, but his wife had her eggs harvested for possible future use. He's imagining what his child, if he ever has one might say to him, Daddy, daddy, when I grow up, I wanna be a standup comedian just like you.


I just feel the Chinese coming. All right, stand up comedy. Are you outta your mind? That's not even a real job. Like what do you think is gonna happen? You're just gonna run around America and tell jokes to strangers who don't give a fuck about your mental health. And even if you do somehow manage to overcome the odds and make it to even a semi-professional level as a standup comedian, do you think there's any chance in hell? You be funnier than me.


Daddy's a borderline arena acting in some markets. Have you seen my IMDB page? I mean, everything cross your career. Well, Gary, your mother and I just spend a fortune to make a great blasters for them to become a b great comedian. I will never watch anything you do. Go to law school.


It is what my father said to me. Ronnie Chang, welcome to Fresh Air. It's a pleasure to have you on the show. Thank You. Thanks for having me on. And I'd like to note the contrast between the yelling of that clip and how calm the rest of the interview will be. What else did your father say to you when you found out you wanted to be a comedian? He said, no white person will ever buy a ticket to go watch you. Wow. Did you think that that might be true? No, I didn't think that was true, but I didn't tell him I was gonna go do it. I I went to go do it and then he found out, like after I was, I, I've been doing standup comedy for about two years, and then he found out and then, you know, and, and he was trying to protect me.


You know, he was, he was worried. He was worried about what was gonna happen, you know, what my future was gonna be. And then later on he got behind. It wasn't, Nevertheless, nevertheless, when you were on the Daily Show and you started on the Daily Show, you didn't tell your mother? No, I didn't tell them I got hired on the show. What were you afraid of? No, it wasn't so much afraid. It was that I didn't want to brag about small achievements. I just wanted to do the work. I didn't want to tell them that I joined this institution, which quite frankly, they didn't really know about anyway and make it sound as though I made it quote unquote, you know what I mean? So, I I, well, the Jenna hat, it's a big achievement.


That's not a small achievement. Sure. But I don't know, I think the work comes first. You know, getting the job is one thing, but then can you do the job? And so it honestly, it just came out of kind of humility of like, oh yeah, I'm on the Daily Show, but it doesn't mean I've done anything yet. So why tell them, you know, like, it, my my philosophy was like, like, just do the job and then maybe they'll hear good things about you, and then that will be the, you know what I mean? Like, I didn't need the flowers from them at, at that point You deprive them of bragging rights. Quite frankly, the, if you wanna talk about bragging rights for them, once I started doing decent work and people started liking what I was doing, then they would go up to them and be like, Hey, your son is on the Daily Show. So, you know, I think, which I think is better than you coming out and trying to brag about something that, you know, I, at that point, I hadn't even been on screen yet.


You know, I'm not sure how, how popular the Daily Show is in Singapore, Malaysia, so, right. So I'd rather just do the work and then, you know, hopefully people like it. So you grew up mostly in Malaysia, which is one bridge away from Singapore? Yes. You compared it to me to how New York is to New Jersey? Yes. Yeah. Or, or how Philadelphia is to New Jersey on the opposite side. Sure. I'll let you guess which one's. New York, which one's New Jersey in this analogy. But yes, it's just a bridge across that, it's called the Causeway. People cross the bridge from Jeru, Malaysia to Singapore every day, every morning people wake up in Malaysia, go to work in Singapore and come back braving the traffic and the fumes and the, you know, the immigration.


So were you exposed to much standup in Malaysia or Singapore? No, was not. The standup I was exposed to was in New Hampshire when my parents would play Seinfeld, the sitcom. And so you would see Seinfeld do standup in his interstitials, right in between the narrative. He'd do stand up. And I remember asking my mom like, Hey. And that was the first time I saw, I even knew that that could be a, a odd form just standing there and telling jokes with no other props and, you know, it's, it's just you and a microphone. And I told my mom like, Hey, I want to try that someday. And my mom was like, oh, okay, cool. And I was like four years old. You've said you were introduced to Jewish people from Seinfeld Yes.


To Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld. So what did it make you think Jewish people were like? To be honest, when we watched it in, in, when we were watching Malaysia and Singapore, we think that there are white people, at least for me anyway, I didn't realize like they were like a special type of ethnicity. I thought they were just a type of white person. And so when you're watching it, you are like, like you get little samples of Jewishness in it, right? They'll drop a Yiddish word, they'll have a Hanukkah, they'll have little, little things here and there where you slowly start to be like, oh, these, I think they're different to white American people. And I, I, and we didn't have any stereotypes, so I just thought they were New Yorkers, you know what I mean?


I didn't think like, oh, this is Jewish behavior, or this is a Jewish joke, or I just thought, oh, these are New Yorkers. That's how New Yorkers talk. Until I came here, I realized like, oh, it's its own thing. Your new comedy special was filmed in Honolulu? Yes. Where Doogie Kame Aloha. Yes. Thank you. Yeah, this is like a Doogie Hauser adjacent series. Yes. That, that It was a reboot. Yeah, yeah. Rebo that you were in, and you're very popular there. Well, I Or so you say. Okay. Yeah, sure. And and you say you have a lot of MAGA friends there. Yes. And on the Daily Show, you spent a lot of time satirizing Trump. Yes. So how do you get around that's a great arguing about politics with your MAGA friends?


That's a great question. I think first of all, one, we might be in media silos. So the stuff I say on a daily show might not actually ever reach my maga friends because we're all so siloed in our media consumption. That's one. And then two, I think that decent people have a sense of humor about things, you know, so I wouldn't take the comment section as reality in terms of what, what the reaction is to a clip in the comment section from MAGA people about politic political clip. I don't necessarily think they would do react that way in real life, face to face.


And third of all, Hawaii is a very different vibe. You know, like Hawaii people know how to get along for the most part, I think in Hawaii, they know how to put community before themselves, which is very un-American by the way, that this idea that in Hawaii, you know, everyone's very generous and you get more than you give in Hawaii if you come with the right energy. And so I like, I like to think that in Hawaii, I always try to come with the right energy. I I, I won't be so presumptuous to say that I always manage to nail it, but I think I, I come with the right energy and I think the locals and the Hawaiians that respond to that, so I, you know, they can be, you know, hardcore maga people, but they, you know what, they're totally cool with me as far as I know You say you love America.


This is the country that puts showbiz above everything. Oh, You're just quoting my special, huh? Yeah, yeah. And then you get, you get paid for saying f the president. Yeah. And then money comes in and you say, if you did this in Malaysia jail. Yeah. But now Trump has an enemies list. He's threatening retribution. Yes. And he's trying to revoke TV network broadcast licenses. Yes. So how do you feel about insulting Trump? Now, Those are all very concerning, don't get me wrong. I think if he does any of that, it is upsetting and subverts the legal process in many ways, in some ways more blatant than others. My answer to that is we had four years of him and a daily show was making fun of him every day during those four years.


And essentially nothing happened. So just going off of history and pass evidence, which is all I kind of have to go by right now, is that that kind of, you know, that for me, that's kind of a sign of how it's gonna be, you know, what, what his bluster versus his actual actions. I reserve the right to change my opinion. If if we all end up, up in jail, if you're in jail, if we all end up in jail, then I will, I, I'll probably be wrong, but, and maybe I'm just, this is just wishful thinking on my part. But yeah, he said a lot of concerning things about the law. But I, I, I think ultimately I believe in American institutions, I believe in checks and balances.


You know, I believe that the entire founding of America was geared around having a weak federal executive who is unable to kind of use the, the government to go after citizens individually. I think that's the whole premise of America. And so because of that, I'm a bit more hopeful. Well, I hope, I hope you're right. Yeah. I hope I'm right too, by the way. I, what do I know? I'm just a comic. Just, you know, just making dick jokes. But that, that's why I hope, and that's why I believe, and that's why I'm still here. My guest is Comic and actor Ronnie Chang. His new comedy special Love to Hate It is now streaming on Netflix. We'll be back after a short break.


This is Fresh Air Weekend. This message comes from Intuit. Why is Intuit Enterprise Suite a better solution for growing businesses? It provides powerful financial management and accounting capabilities, integrated with payments, processing, payroll, HR, marketing, third party apps, and more. Through powerful automation and insights, it helps you manage one or more businesses in one place. Visit intuit.com/enterprise to learn more money movement services by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed by N-Y-D-F-S Support for NPR. And the following message, come from Bo and Branch. Change Your Sleep with the softness of BO and branches.


100% organic cotton sheets. Feel the difference with 15% off your first set of sheets@boandbranch.com with code NPR exclusions apply. See site for details. This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Terry Gross. Let's get back to my interview with Ronnie Chang. He's a field correspondent and one of the rotating anchors on the Daily Show. He co-stars in the new Hulu series, interior Chinatown. His new comedy special Love to Hate It is streaming on Netflix. Let's hear a clip from the Daily Show. And this is from the day after Kamala Harris conceded. So it's two days after election day and you say, Trump's promise, a peaceful transfer of power.


And then you say, let's hear it for the bare minimum of democracy. And here's the rest of the clip. So I guess American democracy still works as long as the guy who likes overthrowing the government wins the election because then he won't overthrow the government. So with the transfer happening, we're gonna be talking about Trump again every day for another four years, I guess. And I, for one, did not think that when I came out of the jungles of Malaysia to do comedy, that I would be making jokes about Donald Trump every day for 13 years straight.


13 years. I don't talk about anybody, as much as I don't talk about my mom as much as I talk about this guy, I don't talk about my wife as much as I talk about this guy. Yo, my wife thinks I'm having an emotional affair with him. I'm gonna be talking about this guy on my death bag. Okay. Which I assume will be in three years when he somehow brings back the bubonic play. And you might be sitting at home saying, well Ronnie, why don't you just shut the about Trump? Well, for the same reason CN doesn't shut the up about him money lots and lots of money. So let's get these dollars right now and get back to Donald Trump. Okay. That's not really true about the money, I'm sure. Yeah, partially, partially.


That's, there's some truth to that. Yeah. Okay. So you got on the Daily Show after Trevor Noah became the anchor and you knew him from performing at the same comedy festival in Melbourne, Australia, where, which is where you went to college. How surprised were you to get the call? Extremely surprised because we weren't necessarily friends. He was obviously, you know, much more successful than me in the festival circuit. So we rarely crossed paths. And I ended up performing with him for the first time in Canada, just for laughs in Montreal. And that's when he was very friendly to me at the show. He was very complimentary. He said, it's great, you know, what you're doing is great. And I said, oh, thanks so much.


I didn't think too much about it. Right. And then maybe two years later I get this email to audition for the Daily Show and I was like, it was like a dream come true. I couldn't believe it, you know? And so I still remember doing the audition in my apartment in Melbourne and sending it in and then getting the call back to come to New York City and audition for The Daily Show in New York City, which was obviously, you know, a huge deal if you're coming from Australia. And so I know I did not expect to get it at all. It was very much him who put the spotlight on me as in the Daily Show, would never have found me, if not for Trevor, insisting that I get on. And again, I'm not his closest friend, you know, I don't even think I'm his funniest friend.


He just really was adamant that he wanted an Asian person on the show because he, he felt that Asian people are like half of the world's population, but there's no presence in on the Daily Show. And I guess at that time he was thinking of a more international show, right? So he wanted someone who could talk to these issues. So I'm just lucky that I was the recipient of his search, you know? It could have been anybody. How familiar were you with the show? Very familiar. I've been following us politics since the West Wing came out, was watching it religiously and then started, you know, always reading about us presidential history.


I'm a US president nerd and the Daily Show, we were watching it. As soon as we were able to illegally download it in Australia, we would torrent like the Daily Show and the Colbert Report and watch it. So I huge fan. I was watching all the time. What I read about when Tr Trevor Noah resigned is that you had just done a bit and then without you knowing that Trevor Noah was resigning. Yes. He resigns on the air right after you're on, yeah. Were you on camera moment? Yes. You were on camera? Yes. There's a photo of me standing there not knowing what to do. I was in the studio right next to him, but obviously off his camera.


But there was a camera on me 'cause I was doing a segment with him, as you said. And then we finished the segment and then usually he says, okay, everybody, Ryan Chang, everybody, and then everyone applauds and I leave, leave the studio. But he didn't do that this time. He, yeah, he just, he explained why he was leaving the show on air and no sign of it. There was no sign. I didn't know he was doing that. Why did he do it that way? I dunno, he's a very smart guy and I trust his judgment on everything. And I'm sure he had his reasons, you know, and I can't speak to them, but I'm sure he had his reasons to do it. 'cause it seems like a pretty extreme thing to do. Maybe he didn't want anybody to leak it.


Maybe he didn't want anyone to talk him out of it. I don't know. I don't know. Oh, that's a possibility too. Yeah. But, oh yeah, maybe you don't want anyone to leak it. That's also a possibility. Or you know, What was the expression on your face, like as you heard him resigning? I Was like, is this a bit? And then in my head I was also like, well, well not live. You know what I mean? Like, he could say that and then we could just edit it if he changes his mind. So I was like, this sounds serious. I don't know what's going on. I'm a person who I think I'm, I do a decent job at minding my own business. So I wasn't like, well, what's going on? I, I wasn't trying to like insert myself into this situation, you know what I mean? I was like, oh man, what's going on? I, you know, it sounds like he is going through some stuff and so I hope he's okay.


You know? That was my primary thought. You might have also been thinking uhoh, what happens to the daily show? What happens to my job? You know, honestly, I wasn't thinking that because I was here because of Trevor. If I lose the job because of Trevor, I was okay with that. You know what I mean? I, I wasn't supposed to have this job anyway, so, so I've always adopted this very nihilistic view about the job in doing it. Not nihilistic, like I care about the job a lot. I love, it's the best job in comedy, but I adopted this very like, live in the present, I guess Buddhist, you know, don't worry about the future kind of mentality with the job. And the second thing is also I believe that America will always have a daily satirical news show.


You know, I, I think of all the countries in the world, if America can't do a daily satirical news show, like which country can we have the most freedom speech? We have the most resources for show business. We have infrastructure for comedic talent where people can write and get better as performers and writers and can aspire to be hired on shows like this. And we have the craziest political news. Like if all those factors combine, if America cannot have a daily new satirical show, no one can. Ronnie Chang, thank you so much. Thank for coming on our show. Thank you. It's been a pleasure. Thank You so much for having me. This is a real honor to be on the show and to speak to you.


Thank you so much. Ronnie Chang's new Netflix comedy special love to Hate It is streaming on Netflix. My next guest, Miranda July, was a bit afraid of what people would think of her after publishing her second novel. All Fours. The book is partly about sexuality and has some very explicit sexual scenes, but that's true of many books. Her larger fear was the theme of a woman reaching midlife and entering perimenopause. The time in a woman's life when she's transitioning into menopause and is experiencing some of the many symptoms associated with that time of life for her main character, the fears are of losing her libido, dealing with strange moods, anxiety, and the thought of being seen as an older woman.


But the book has gotten the opposite reaction. Miranda July feared it was on many of 20, 20 four's, 10 best lists, including in the New York Times in which it was described as the year's literary conversation piece. And in the New Yorker, where it was described as quote, a study of crisis, the crisis being how middle age changes sex, marriage, and ambition. July is moving very funny book as it once buoyant about the possibilities of starting over and clear-eyed about its costs. Our critic at large, John Powers described All Fours as hilariously unpredictable. All Fours story revolves around a 45-year-old woman, a slightly famous artist, writer, and performer who decides to take a break from the routines she's stuck in and drive from her home in LA to New York.


Her husband thinks it's a good idea and even suggests the best route for the drive. But about 30 minutes away from home, she stops at a gas station and feels this electric connection to a young man there. And he seems to feel it too. They end up having an affair in a motel room. She rents and redecorate and she spends the entire three weeks there. Their affair is both sexual and chaste. They're both married, he won't engage sexually, which would be disloyal to his wife, but they touch and dance and the intentional eroticism becomes all consuming for her. But then the three weeks are up, she returns home and has enormous trouble reentering her life as a wife and mother.


Miranda July is also a filmmaker actor, performance artist and visual artist. Miranda July. Welcome to Fresh Air. It's such a good book. I really enjoyed reading it and I'm looking forward to talking with you about it. So you were afraid to write this book and what people would think of you, elaborate on what your biggest fears were. I mean, I think fear in general was also why I wrote the book. Like I, upon turning 40, which was a few years before I started writing it, it seemed like this, this grim time was suddenly approaching that was very vague.


Like this time of a woman who's no longer young. And I, I wanted to not write about that because so many women I admired, so many writers had written about more important things, right? Like, they had not focused on the, the people trying to shame them or the shame they felt themselves. They, they focused on important subjects. But the, the more that I got older and I started writing this book at 45, and the more that I talked to other women and gynecologists and naturopaths, the more I felt that this subject actually wasn't separate from those more important things.


Well, one thing about getting older is I think Wikipedia has relieved the burden of that because for most people their birthdate is on the Wikipedia page. And so you can't really hide it even if you want to anymore. And I resent the fact that women especially are supposed to hide their age. Like, why can't we own it? Why can't we proclaim it? You know, why should we have to reinforce the idea that a woman getting older is a really terrible thing? Right? I mean, we shouldn't have to reinforce it for sure, but it does. Like I think people, I don't totally wanna blame women when there's real repercussions, you know, economically just in their sense of what's possible in the world, you know?


So it's a tricky line. Like I, yes, I sort of a, obviously I'm on the side of declaring it, but I am kind of often, I'm just being honest here. 'cause so much of the book is about like, not trying to be less ashamed than I actually am. Not trying to seem less ashamed. Yeah, because I feel like then you can't evolve. Like if you're hiding the place where you're actually at, then it's hard to get to the next place. So when I say I'm 50, I am always a little disappointed when the person doesn't look shocked. Oh, like, oh, but You look 35, That kind of thing.


When they just sort of our like, hmm, yeah. Like I still have that in me, despite having declared all that stuff, a massive construction, you know, like a best construction ever that, that we become less interesting, you know, so early, so young, right? 45, I mean like, why was I thinking about this at 45? But, but I was, There's a line in your book where you're buying something from an older woman and you think about how you sometimes really hate old women. And so, Well it's not, yeah, it's, we're gonna have to decide.


Are we saying you? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm saying the character, the character, the character. I mean, we can get into that, but Yeah. You know the narrator's saying, yeah. So, so the character, this is where the character has gone to the hotel. She's felt this like erotic charge from this younger man. She's 45, he's 31 who she met at, who she looked at at a gas station and he looked back at her and then they met briefly in a diner. So she's unpacking her suitcase at this motel and the reading is about what she's thinking as she's unpacking her clothes and which one she's gonna leave in the suitcase and which ones she's gonna actually unpack and wear, Right?


Yeah. So she leaves the, the sort of more androgynous styles in the suitcase. I left these things in my suitcase in favor of my more overtly feminine and form fitting clothes, heels and pencil skirts, cropped sweaters, shirt, waist dresses with tight belts around the smallest part of my waist. Every old thing had a modern counterbalance. Past age 40, you had to be careful with vintage. I didn't wanna be mistaken for an elderly woman wearing the clothes from the 1960s of her youth. Young people especially had trouble making distinctions between ages over 40. When I got my first Patty Smith tape horses at 22, Smith was only 49.


But I didn't think of her as a contemporary person. I wasn't even sure she was still alive because the cover of horses was a black and white photograph. Instead of knowing this was a stylistic choice, like vintage clothes, I unconsciously associated the record with the deep past of black and white movies. If anyone asked, I would've probably managed to assign the album to the right decade. But most of life as a vapor of unconscious associations never brought to light. A good way to check your outfit is by running past the mirror. Or better yet, make a video of yourself running past your phone. How old was that blur of a woman? Was she from the past or was she modern?


And where was she going? In such a hurry. I walked around Monrovia in a red shirt, waist dress, and white wedge heels. The commercial areas weren't really built for walking, but there were some nice residential neighborhoods. Several times I passed teenage girls wearing backpacks, their breasts inflated by the hormones and cows milk and barely covered by tank tops. Whenever I saw them coming, I pretended I was from another country projecting the air of someone so foreign she could not understand or be hurt by anything. American, Did you share a similar almost fear of older women or a dislike of them that your character has?


I think I was catching myself around this time. I kept sort of noticing what I was thinking about older women and noticing the way that I might dismiss someone or, or not give them sort of the full benefit of an interior life or an erotic life or, or think of them as like a sad character kind of for no, no reason, right? Like, this is just like someone I'm seeing in passing. And by the time I was writing the book, I was aware like, oh, that that fear or hatred of older women is of course self-hatred.


You know, because I will become that and to some degree I already am that to, to people younger than me, you know? So it's like a kind of slippery zone. My guest is Miranda July. Her latest novel is called All Fours. We'll hear more of our conversation after a break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air Weekend.


Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air up first. NPR News now. Planet Money, Ted Radio Hour throughline, the NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcast you can enjoy. Sponsor free with NPR r plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


Donald Trump promised to change Washington DC a place where there's an old saying that personnel is policy. That's why we have created a new podcast called Trump's Terms, where you can follow NPRs coverage of the incoming Trump administration from his cabinet secretaries to political advisors and top military leaders to understand who they are, what they believe, and how they'll govern. Listen to Trump's terms from NPR.


This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Terry Gross. Let's get back to my interview with Miranda July. Her latest novel is called All Fours. It's about a woman wanting to shake up her life. She's thinking of leaving her marriage and is having a very erotic affair when she discovers she's entering perimenopause. She fears the best part of her life may be ending and she may lose her libido. She worries about getting older. There are parallels to Miranda July's life. Your character is experiencing things and fears that relate to perimenopause, but some of the things she's experiencing, she doesn't know relate to pa perimenopause until she actually goes to her gynecologist.


Was it that way for you that you had symptoms of perimenopause, that you were attributing to other things? Well, I had a, a different experience from the narrator. I actually had this amazing doctor, Dr. Maggie Nay, who started talking with me about it in my, in her early forties. I may have been just 40. And she's like, look, we're gonna take your blood and see where your hormone levels are at. And that's just to get a baseline so that as you get older, you know, and things your hormone levels drop will kind of understand like the speed at which that's happening and when you might wanna do bioidentical hormones if you want that.


And, and I always remember at the end of describing all this, which was a longer conversation, She said, I'm so excited for you. And she didn't mean that like as a joke and I not knowing anything else about this, never having had a conversation about it in any other time in my life, not having had a conversation about it ever before with anyone. I just smile. I just dumbly smiled and was like, ha yeah, who, you never know what's coming next. You know, like this is exciting. Like go from ballet slippers to point shoes. You know, like it's always something.


I don't know, it didn't seem inherently bad. But then, you know, as I would talk to my friends, I was like the only one who knew anything. So one of the things the book is about is the feeling that you need to change your life, but not knowing how to do it. And knowing that there will be consequences and rewards if you do. And part of the consequences will be for the other people in your life if you're leaving a marriage, if you are breaking up a home in a way that will affect your young child. And I know you've experienced similar things, and this might be too personal, but was there, was there a lot you had to weigh before changing your life, knowing that it might be the right thing for you, but there would also be consequences that everyone in your family would be facing, including you?


'cause there, I'm sure there'd be a downside as well. I, Yeah, I mean my changing life moment, it, it wasn't like I alone in my head was coming up with that I had to do this. It was like an ongoing conversation with, with my husband at the time and very slow. And we both, I think as much as we didn't wanna traumatize our kid, we also didn't wanna traumatize ourselves. And we were very attached to ourself and the triangle of our family.


So what exactly had to change and what could stay the same? I feel like it's still changing. I mean, kind of, as long as we're a family, which will hopefully be forever, you know, you've got three changing people in it whose needs are changing and who are trying to be honest. And I guess that was the big shift was like, oh, we're not gonna pretend we're not changing anymore. And that a lot of those changes have nothing to do with each other. Oh, you know, or this, or this thing that we've built.


But you know, as much as you worry about the kid, my my biggest worry was that they wouldn't get to see me as I really was. And I say they because they're non-binary. There's just one kid. Because I started to realize, oh, there's a whole lot of myself that happens outside the home with my best friend or in my studio alone being creative or just me alone in the world. Like I feel like I'm starting to feel like this part that used to just be like me on a break or you know, at work, this may be the lion's share of me.


This might be kind of what I have to offer them as far as one way to live, one way to be. But actually when I go home, I'm being like a smaller version and not kind of like a just less interesting to even to myself. Like, 'cause I was biting my tongue a lot and no one was asking me to do this, by the way. Like it's, it is very personal. I know a lot of people who the freest they feel is, is in their home and, you know, the world is terrifying. But, and so I began to feel like something I had to do for my child, like, I need to change these circumstances so they can see who I really am.


So this may be too personal, but please don't answer it if, if, if it is you and your former husband. Is that the right way to describe it? Lived together for a while with your child, but more as friends then as a married couple? How did that work? I, I think a lot of people would be curious about that. 'cause I think there are a co a lot of couples who separate who remain friends, but they don't want to be romantically involved anymore and they want more freedom outside of the home.


But I could see where there'd also be a lot of discomfort and tension and nervousness around each other. So if, if there's anything that you can offer about how that arrangement worked out? Yeah, I mean I, it is interesting, I feel a little different since the book came out. Like I've now read so many emails and messages and comments on my substack about women at this point or women doing things differently or trying to figure this out that I no longer, I'm like, is there a way to answer this question that isn't specific to me?


Because I actually don't feel like, I think at the time I felt very unique and very like, no one's doing what I'm doing. And both worried by that and sort of proud. And now I'm like, no, it's, this is incredibly widespread. At least lots of thoughts about it. And then people trying to figure out how to do it. I mean, the thing of living together, it's what you're used to. Obviously that's not gonna work if you're incredibly embattled, you know?


But if you're not, then it is kind of an opportunity to see who the other person is a bit more like, like, wow, this person who like my long time Powell like, but I never could quite see what they were like when they're dating, you know, not that like you're necessarily getting any details or anything, but just like their energy, you know, because you were the person they were dating and now you're not. And like, yeah, there might be some sadness or strangeness about that, but you're also like, look at you, you're a person.


Like I I never really gave you all of that. And meanwhile you're also getting it too. Like they're seeing you as a person more completely and nothing you do is threatening in the old way. You know, the way every new thing and change is like sort of threatening when you're in a, in a couple sometimes. And if, if you know, it's gonna be a lifelong relationship, you know, partly because of the child, but also 'cause you know, life isn't that long and you've already invested so much time and energy with this person. Like maybe that's sort of interesting to get to see and be seen, you know, in this different way.


Have you changed a lot, having more space in your life on your own? Because I, I would imagine you co-parent with your former husband and that you don't have your child every day to take care of. And in some ways that's a real loss. And in another ways it gains you some independence and personal time. And I, I wonder what that shift in time and that shift in the balance of independence versus having somebody dependent on you all the time has, has changed you for better or worse has changed your life or for better and worse.


So yeah, the four days, every other four days I am alone, you know, or wherever, whoever I choose to sleep with, like in my twenties. Like, it's, it's really like, you really have to stop and think when you have that, that time alone where, where you're not responsible. Like, what actually am I doing here in this life? Like, what do I feel like, and, and you keep just 'cause you've unburdened yourself practically, you know, with from this construction or these, these real responsibilities doesn't mean they just automatically lift off your shoulders.


Like most of my issues come from within, right? So suddenly you're like, oh, it wasn't all the, the construction of marriage or the patriarchy or those, it was those things. But they're inside me and I am still running for dear life or replacing those constructions with new ones. You know, anything that'll fill up my time, take my time, please. You know, Instagram, whatever, like, and so to actually be willing to take on that freedom, it's a real practice.


Like it's, and I don't mean to make it sound hard or scary, it's only hard in the way that like a new habit is, is hard. So I wanna talk about your formative years you gravitated toward punk as a teenager and what drew you to it and what were your first experiences listening to punk rock or, you know, going to clubs? I mean, I think I wasn't ever like, I'm not like a music head. So the thing that that drew me to punk, especially as a teenager, was, first of all it was an all ages scene.


Like the clubs, like I could go to them. I, they weren't, they didn't have alcohol. And not only that, but the, the whole premise was you don't have to be taught, like you can figure it out yourself. And that was great for me, who did not want to be taught by anyone anyways and wanted access to a, like a space, a world, a literal, I mean, I put my first plays on in a punk club in 9 24 Gilman, a sort of Seminole all ages punk club in Berkeley. And that was so great. Honestly, I would wish that on any teenager to have the freedom to do something outside of school.


That's, while punk seemed sort of lawless, it actually was a structure, you know, it did formalize what I was doing. You actually moved to Portland to be part of the Riot girl scene? Well, I moved to Portland to be with my girlfriend at the time and Riot girl kind of had just happened, I'd say I sort of missed it slightly, but certainly the, like, the feminist underpinning was all there. One of the jobs that you had early on while trying to support yourself, I guess while you were doing your art was working at a peep show. How and why did you get that job Initially?


Let's see, my girlfriend and I broke up. She moved out, we had to cover her rent and I remember my friend at the time, like, how are we gonna get this money really quickly, you know, that, that we were missing. And She said, well, one of us is gonna have to strip and it can't be me 'cause I have glasses. And I was like, huh, okay. And so initially it was this club that I think is still there called Mary's Mary's and in Portland. And, but then I've had these kind of lifelong problems with my eyes. So there and there was smoking in the bars back then, so I couldn't really handle the smoke.


So that's why I moved to the, the peep shows, which is just like a, a box. You're not really sharing air with anyone And you're separated by glass, right? Yeah. What did you learn doing that about sexuality or about men, about yourself, about what it means to get really turned on looking at somebody who's basically on exhibit behind glass? Hmm. Yeah, I mean, my main goal was to make, as you know, much money, it still wasn't that much, but to make this amount of money in a short time so I could work on my, you know, what ended up being like, my first book of short stories, my first feature film, you know, I needed the time was how I was thinking about it.


Yeah, I mean, I wouldn't recommend that job to my child or anyone else's child, but on the other hand, like most jobs at that age are, are not so great. What were some of the, the conversations that you know about, about your book that you found most interesting? Like what were some of the themes that you're glad your book provoked? You know, the themes in the conversations. I mean, the things that make me most happy to read are like women who, while they were reading the book, felt kind of exposed, like, oh, oh no, this, this is like my whole inner life exposed here in this book.


And, you know, I've had people tell me that like, they were reading it on the plane and they had felt like they at a certain point had to put it away not because of the sexual content, but because like they were sitting next to their husband and it was all their, all their true feelings that they weren't saying. And that's always kind of astonishing to me, like, oh, writing can do that. Like, I I, I get a lot of messages from older women who say like, oh, this all happened to me. My all worst time was 20 years ago, but I, I'm stunned to realize that I wasn't alone.


I thought I was uniquely crazy or irresponsible or something. And so they're just, it's like a reframing of their life to have the community from the book. Well, I look forward to your next book. Thank you so much for being on our show. Thank you so much. Terry Miranda July's latest novel is called All Fours Fresh Air Weekend is produced by Theresa Madden.


Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Teri Gross.