
This message comes from NPR sponsor Sony Pictures Classics. I'm still here from filmmaker Walter Salas is the true story of one family's resilience when a dictatorship attempts to tear them apart, led by a Golden Globe winning performance by Fernanda Torres. Now playing Select cities


From WHYY in Philadelphia. This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Tanya Mosley. Today, Ahmir Questlove Thompson. He's the co director of a new documentary about the music of Saturday Night Live over the last 50 years. It's called Ladies and Gentlemen, 50 years of SNL Music TV, critic David b and Cooley. Also reviews Questlove's film and a four-part documentary series about SNL. We'll also hear from author and scholar Imani Perry. Her new book, black and Blues, explores the significance of Blue and Black Life from the Indigo Trade to the birth of blues music.


What did I do? The be so black and blue That's coming up on Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your Wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice when you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on Think or swim. Visit Schwab dot com To learn more.


This message comes from Rinse. These days you can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and trade stocks, but you can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app, and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order@rinse.com. That's RINS e.com.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Ameriprise financial chief market strategist Anthony Sag. Benny shares the importance of a goal-based investment strategy. You have to know where you're going, right, what, what's the goal, what's the destination. By identifying those goals, you can construct a well diversified portfolio that hopefully helps meet those goals. For more information and important disclosures, visit ameriprise.com/advice. Ameriprise Financial cannot guarantee Future Financial Results. Securities offered by Ameriprise Financial Services, llc, member FINRA and SIPC.


This message comes from Carvana Finance. Your next car, the convenient way with customizable transparent terms all online, make your budget work for you, and swap hassle for convenience with Carvana.


This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Tanya Mosley. As part of Saturday Night Live's 50th anniversary celebration. This year, there's a new documentary highlighting the musical guests and music comedy sketches that the show has featured over the decades. It's called Ladies and Gentlemen, 50 years of SNL Music. It was co-directed by our guest, Grammy winning musician and Oscar winning documentary filmmaker Ahmir Questlove Thompson. He's the co-founder and drummer of the Hip Hop band, the Roots. It's the House band for The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. Before we get into Questlove's conversation, our TV critic David being Cooley, offers us his review of the film and a four-part documentary series that's also part of the 50th anniversary celebration.


Both the film and the series are now streaming on Peacock. The two new Saturday Night Live documentaries come from filmmakers who bring their own interests and perspectives. NBC's, ladies and gentlemen, 50 years of SNL music comes from Am Mere Questlove Thompson, who's both a musician and a music historian, and the four part SNL 50 beyond Saturday night. Now streaming on Peacock comes from Morgan Neville, who's as interested in the creative process as he is in letting people tell their own stories. Questlove, in his movie length study minds the archive of a half century of musical performances, as well as the emergence of hip hop and other genres into the show and the culture.


Some classic performances are run full length. Others are sampled in cleverly compiled montages and mashups. It's such a solid, well-selected overview that I can think of. Only one SNL music performance I really wish had been included. Paul Simon, backed by Lady Smith Black Mambazo on their thrilling 1986 rendition of Diamonds on the Soles of her shoes. But Questlove covers a lot, not only infamous appearances by Elvis Costello, CDO O'Connor, Ashley Simpson, and Kanye, but even comedy sketches and videos built around music. The infamous in a Box Christmas song with Justin Timberlake and SNL cast member Andy Sandberg is deconstructed.


So is another classic SNL musical moment featuring guest host Paul Rudd and musical guest, Beyonce Timberlake tells how Zach got on the air with Timberlake Sandberg and cast member Bobby Moynihan as her music video backup dancers. Partway through Timberlake's account, we hear the start of the actual single lady's sketch. Andy texted me and he said, Hey, are you in town? I said, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm in the city. He said, Bobby Han, he has this great idea for Sketch about you, me and him being Beyonce's background dancers for single ladies that never made the cut. She's gonna be the musical guest this week. And I was like, full, like leotard. And he's like, yeah.


And I was like, oh, this is too funny. Like, we have to do this. She was very polite about it, but she was very hesitant. And when I say hesitant, I mean like she was not having it. Beyonce. Oh my gosh, I I'm so psyched to that, to do this new video with you. Me too. But you know, there's this one thing. I haven't met the other dancers. Are we gonna have time to rehearse? Oh, look, Don't worry about the other dancers. B town. I handpicked them myself. These guys are pros, These guys. I'm like, does she know how funny this is gonna be? Like how beloved this whole moment will be. So I said, bring, bring me the leotard. So I put the leotard and the heels and the hose on and everything, and I put a, a robe on, and I walked in and I knocked on her door.


I walked in and I threw the robe down and I put my hands on my hips and she was like, no, you didn't. Morgan Neville's SNL documentary series is broken into four episodes. Each one looking at a different aspect of the show and its history. The first one looks at the original audition tapes by many of the people who tried out for SNL with those same people watching and reacting to their younger selves. Some scream, some cringe, some cry, some like Pete Davidson laugh, But I'm not good at sex, you know? 'cause you know, I wasn't raised in a brothel. I'm 20. Like, I don't, I'm not good at it. I don't understand why my girlfriend gets mad.


She's like, that's it. I'm like, yeah, like, what did you expect? Like, you know, any good guitar players that have been playing guitar for a year, Another episode spends a week observing how an installment of SNL is created by following the process from start to finish, mostly from the point of view of the writers. A third episode gets even more laser focused, spending an hour on a single sketch. And it's a brilliant choice coming from the midway point of the show's 50 year run. It's the sketch recording session featuring guest star Christopher Walken and cast members Will Ferrell, Jimmy Fallon, Chris Parnell, and others. You may know it better by the name most associated with it.


More cowbell. It's a sketch, walking and feral elevated after the dress rehearsal by going all out in character. The sketch was set during the recording session for Blue Oyster Cults 1970s hit. Don't Fear the Reaper Ferrell plays a very loud cowbell and Walken portrays the track's. Very enthusiastic music producer, Jimmy Fallon remembers Christopher Walken for Air. Upped his game. He was almost doing an impersonation of Christopher Walken. He was talking like no other human being would talk ever. All right, here we go. Fear, don't fear the Reaper. Take one. Roll.


Right? 1, 2, 3, 4. Once the sketch began on the live show, Ferrell who had written it knew they had connected big time with the studio audience are, are You sure that was sounding okay. I'll be honest, fellas. It was sounding great, but I could have used a Little more cowbell as soon as he delivers that first line. I have used a little more cowbell. I could a little more cowbell, and that gets a huge li I'm like, oh, they're in, they're in. Oh, goody. There's more coming In this new recounting. We do not hear from Christopher Walken himself, which Dana Carvey says is writing character for him.


Carvey even slips into character as Walken to make his point That keeps his cool factor here. Yeah, that he's not gonna, yeah, not gonna go down memory lane. Let the work speak for itself. The final episode of Neville's documentary series hones in on one, seemingly random, but ultimately seminal year, the 19 85 86 season, when executive producer Lauren Michaels, who had left the show after its first successful five year cycle with the original cast, was asked back by NBC executive, Brandon Tartikoff. SNL was in free fall. And the common wisdom was that Lauren never would return to a sinking ship, but he did.


When Brandon was trying to get me to come back in 1985. Hello, I'm Brandon Tartikoff, president of NBC Entertainment. Someone said, you know, you've already done Saturday Night Live, somebody who wants to be you, does Saturday Night Live? And I thought, oh, right. Well, I kind of enjoyed being, being me. It's one of the few times in either documentary we hear from Michaels. Clearly he prefers to let the casting crew and the shows speak for themselves, and they do. Tina Fey and Amy Poer among others tell some really great stories. There may not be enough screen time given to some SNL veterans in their stories from Bill Murray to Kate McKinnon and Sarah Sherman, but there are an awful lot of laughs and memories and music and insights and just the right amount of cowbell.


David Bian Cooley is Professor of Television studies at Rowan University in New Jersey. Both of the SNL specials are now streaming on Peacock. Ladies and gentlemen, 50 years of SNL Music was co-directed by our first guest, Ahmir Questlove Thompson. He's the co-founder of the Hip Hop group, the Roots, which is the house band for The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, who is a former SNL cast. Member. Questlove is a busy guy these days. He's also co-produced a documentary about Sly Stone called Sly Lives, AKA, the Burden of Black Genius, which will start streaming on Hulu on February 13th, his 2021 documentary Summer of Soul about the 1969 Harlem Cultural Festival.


Won an Oscar for Best documentary. Terry interviewed Questlove about the Saturday Night Live documentary last week. Ahmir, welcome back to Fresh Air. It's a pleasure to have you back on. Thank You for having Me. Were the roots ever on SNL? You know, it's weird. I've been on SNL in every configuration except for the one that I want to be on, which is actual music guest. Like I've been a punchline on. We Update, I've been part of a Timothy Chalamet sketch. I've been mentioning monologues. I've been in like a lonely island sketch.


But I guess one could say that my dream, one of the main reasons why I was excited to be on The Tonight Show, like 16 years ago when we first got offered the position, I was like, great, this puts me within like one degree of the Brass ring, which is, you know, doing SNL. So, you know, kind of funny how I'm a part of that ecosystem almost in every way, but the one way I want to be, which is like musical guests one day. But you know, the Roots are working on their 17th album right now. So, you know, I'm still hanging on to my dream. Good. So do you think that the Saturday Night Live band, particularly in the Paul Schaefer era, though, I, I don't know what era you started watching.


I assume it was Paul Schaefer The very beginning. So my Saturday Night Live obsession really starts with, you know, the, the, the epicenter of my entire music world is Soul Train. And it just so happens that, you know, for most of America, especially with Soul Train and its prime, you know, everyone has a Saturday afternoon, 12:00 PM cleaning the house, watching Soul Train experience. But in Philadelphia, kind of weird, my Soul Train experience was always at one in the morning. And so I had parents that were very forward thinking, very cool.


And of course, I'd have to be in bed at like 8:30 PM So whenever like the love boat theme starts, it's like, Gotta go to bed, not with that deep voice, but yeah, basically gotta go to bed. And the agreement was that be in bed at eight 30 and then at 1230, midnight we will wake you up and by 1230 we, an update is over for SNL, and then their music guest does two songs. And so I would go downstairs, turn on the tv, watch the two songs from SNL, whoever the music guest was, and then Soul Train comes on at one in the morning, and then I'm in bed at 2:00 AM and up for church at seven 30 in the morning.


That's pretty much like my life from like five until maybe 11. Then Soul Train started coming on like in the afternoon, but I never stopped watching SNL, so I, you know, I was there from the very, very beginning. It was, it was nothing like it. I, I know that's the cliche that you're gonna hear a lot about this 50th anniversary, but there, there was truly nothing like it on television. Ahmir Questlove Thompson speaking with Terry Gross, his new documentary, ladies and Gentlemen, 50 years of SNL Music is now streaming on Peacock. We'll hear more of their conversation after a short break. I'm Tanya Mosley and This is Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from Intuit. Why is Intuit Enterprise Suite a better solution for growing businesses? It provides powerful financial management and accounting capabilities, integrated with payments, processing, payroll, HR marketing, third party apps, and more. Through powerful automation and insights, it helps you manage one or more businesses in one place. Visit Intuit dot com slash enterprise To learn more money movement services by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed by N-Y-D-F-S.


This message comes from Viking, committed to exploring the world and comfort journey through the heart of Europe on an elegant Viking long ship with thoughtful service, destination focused dining and cultural enrichment on board and on shore. And every Viking voyage is all inclusive with no children and no casinos. Discover more@viking.com.


This message comes from Intuit TurboTax. Now taxes is matching with an expert backed by tech to get you the most money back@turbotax.com. Experts only available with TurboTax Live. See guarantee details at turbotax.com/guarantees.


One of the questions that you ask both cast members and people behind the scenes at SNL is, can you hum the SNL theme? Yeah. And so I wanna play the attempts to hum the theme and then talk about it. Yes. Okay. I can't hum the theme either. Hey, no one can. Well, so I, I immediately went to the actual theme and I, I wanna, before we hear it, I wanna challenge our listeners to just pause and think for a second if they can hum the theme.


Now let's play the theme. You know what I realized listening back, which I hadn't ever really thought of before, what? There isn't a melody. I mean, it's, it's like you're coming in in the middle of an improvisation. It's the most iconic, nondescript theme song. And kind of in my, that, that was my first realization back when I would, pretty much any Saturday that the roots aren't touring and they're taping.


I'm in the audience watching. And that to me is one of the most humorous things ever. Like, wow. Like, you know, it, you, you know it when you hear it, you know, that's SNL, but no one can, it's a feeling. It's, it's almost like it's the last theme that offers a feeling, but not any evidence of it. I don't know, it's like trying to put water in your pocket or something like that. Like it's, it's abundant, but it's not, it's whatever you want it to be. Having gone through 50 years of musical guests, what's one of the performances that had a big impact on you when you were a kid and had to be in bed at eight 30, but you managed to watch Saturday Night Live?


I will say that, you know, the first five years was pretty much, you know, SNL the role of SNL was, that was our YouTube, that was our viral video. For me. That was the one place where I could watch. At the time, I think my all time favorite artist was Bill Withers. You know, there really just wasn't a show in which you can see actual musicians playing. I mean, you could watch American Bandstand or Soul Train where they might be lip syncing occasionally on Soul Train. They played live, but, you know, back then it was Slim Pickings. Either Friday night you watched Midnight special, sometimes a rock concert would come on like Sunday nights.


But basically, SNL was just a, it was, it was a rare moment in which you got to catch a really cool band. So even like Devo coming on, like I was eight years old when they did the Jocko Homo song. Are we Not Men? We are Devo. And like me and my cousins minds were blown, you know? So practically any group that came on in the first five to six years, I was an instant fan of, One of the things that you highlight in the SNL documentary is the role of SNL in the world of hip hop. And tell the story of how Deborah Harry basically broke hip hop on SNL.


Okay? So Saturday Night Live is the first time that America and the world will get to see what hip hop culture is. The very first rap performance on TV is when Deborah Harry hosts the show in 1981 and brings on a Sugar Hill act called The Funky Four plus One More. And she took a liking to this group, even though there were other popular groups at the time. Like there was Grandmaster Flash and the Furies five and the Sugar Hill gang both like platinum hits and really music and culture changing songs at the time. But she took a liking to this group because it was similar to Blondie, a band that had a woman in the lead of it.


And so she took a liking to them. And for me, that's such an SNL move where, you know, those first 10 years, it, they weren't about, well, who's the most popular person to bring ratings in? It was always like the cool factor. Like, okay, who's the most popular person now? Who's the person under that person that we could give a boost to? And that's like a prime example of how cool, how the, how SNL always had their finger on the pulse of, you know, who's next. And you know, as a result, come 20 years later, a lot of those first time acts, you know, your, your, your early hip hop groups, like, you know, them getting run DMC before run DMC was run d run DMC or them getting Prince before Prince was Prince or The Talking Heads or Divo, whoever.


Like a lot of those risks that they took in the first 10 to 15 years, those guys will wind up being like the household names and the fiber of, of the mainstream once SNL becomes the mainstream instead of the underground. So, but yeah, with, with Deborah Harry using her power to bring attention to a culture that no one knew about, like that, that is a prime moment of the SNL effect and how it builds American entertainment culture. Some of my favorite parts of the movie are the stories about things that have gone wrong, followed by clips of showing what went wrong and how it really, really shocked everybody behind the scenes.


Right? And one of those stories is Elvis Costello. So, you know, he does one song during dress rehearsal that I guess he and Lorne Michaels had agreed on, right? And then he stops it after a few bars. Let's hear what happens. Here's Elvis Costello in the dress rehearsal. We did a song that was on my first album, but I thought it sounded a little too slow. It was a medium tempo song and I didn't think it was exciting enough. And I realized the show is live. We can do anything we want. Colin and Mr I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen, there's no reason to do this song here.


When he stopped the hubbub in the studio was like, oh my God, oh my God, what's gonna happen? You can hear it. Radio, radio one, two With the Elvis thing. I was sitting with Dan Aykroyd on Home Base, you're just watching him. I went, oh, I think we we're being hydrojack. All of this stuff. It builds up in legend in the retelling, but I didn't come out there to give a political lecture, you know, I came out to kind of shake it up as we finished the song.


The initial reaction in the moment was, I think we better get outta here somewhere in it. Somebody said, in anger, you'll never work on American television again. But the idea I was banned from television is nonsense. That's such a great story. I love it. And I think you made a good choice. I love both songs, but do you think you made the right choice? He made the absolute right choice. And you know, that's the thing about SNL is there's a risk factor involved. And usually it starts with no, like Eddie Murphy talks about, I did not want to do Hot Tub with James Brown.


Justin Timberlake goes on and on about trying to convince Beyonce to, to do the single lady sketch. Like everything starts at no. And it's like, wow. Like you almost talk to yourself outta history. And I'm trying to get people in the mind state that, you know, oftentimes we, we get in our own heads about why something won't work and sometimes you just gotta take a risk and you never know. This might be part of the American fiber, the history of it, but also, I know people have so many questions about what happens on a live show if something goes wrong. Like for me, one of my favorite clips is the Ashley Simpson moment where you hear the directors freaking out 'cause they don't know what to do.


Should I go to a commercial? What Do I do? She, well, No. Describe what happened. Well, You know, Ashley Simpson had a sore throat and was a little iffy about her singing. So she opted to lip SYC instead. And her drummer, who's controlling all the music, accidentally plays the wrong song for the second song. And He in fact, plays a song that we already heard as the first song. Right, exactly. Everyone in the audience knows this is wrong, and there's no way of covering that up. Well, Yeah, I mean, they could have just patiently just stopped the song and start it all over again as if nothing happened. But, you know, she infamously does a weird dance and runs off stage kind of humiliated, and they go to a commercial.


It just so happens that Oz Rodriguez, my co-director of this documentary, said that, you know, they, they also have the audio recording of the production room, like what was happening at the time. And for me it was so hilarious to hear the, the producers and the directors inside of the control room. It, it sounds to me, it sounds like a bunch of teenagers that stole their parents' car in San Francisco. And then the car is like, the brakes just give out in a San Francisco hill going down a hundred miles per hour. Like what do we do? Oh no. Oh no. You know, so I, I love showing like, not how the sausage is made, but you know, you get to see what's under the trunk.


And that to me is the most fascinating part of SNL. Like how, how it's able to happen every week without fail. Let's Hear some of what happened behind the scenes. Oh, on a Monday Rock song, rock song, They should play it. And it was just like, you know, those old movies of two locomotives hitting each other full bore, What are we doing? I dunno. She shoulding, People were running in and outta the studio and it just seemed like the, the show came to screeching halt.


And the rumors were after that. I think there were two rumors after that, if I remember correctly. One was that, oh, she really can't sing. So not because of a sore throat, but because she's not capable of singing live. Right. And therefore they had to have her lips sync. And the other rumor was, oh, there's probably lots of acts that are really lip syncing. Well, you know, the thing is, you know, we went through this like 10 years before with Millie Vanilli, you know, the kind of, this is what I call, this is what I call the post thriller effect of 1982, where suddenly your music video became the most important way to sell the song. And you know, it came to the point where if you're in concert fans expect whatever you did on your video, you would have to surpass it.


And, you know, because Michael Jackson's introducing this whole idea of like, not only do you have to sing the song, but you have to sell the song, dance the song, act the song. For most people, it's hard to, it's hard enough just to sing it, but also to sing and perform or dance or whatever you have to do. There, there, you know, there since the eighties, there have been options on how to sell the song without you giving up your voice or whatever. And so, I mean, kind of the lip singing aspect has been a thing since the early eighties, but for me as a musician, that's just a fact of life. But for a lot of people there, there's a smoke, a mirror, a aspect to it.


And I guess with that Ashley Simpson performance, you know, most of America found out that half their favorites kind of do that. Like it's just the standard really. I don't wanna pop any more balloons than I have to, but it's just, again, like from the artists that I talk to, it's like they, they might get in their heads that, you know, if I move too much and I'm out of breath, then I, I won't be able to hit the notes like I, I normally do. And you know, I think people, again, the thriller effect is it must be perfect. And I'm kind, I'm kind of from the school of warts and all, like, I love seeing the warts, I love seeing the, the pimples, the, the mistakes.


Like to me, that's the human touch. And I think people need to trust that more. Like, you know, things don't have to be Instagram filter Perfect. 24 7. So I assume that what they're lip syncing to is a live performance that's not the record. Yeah, for the, there's, there's some people, you know what, there's a few artists that are smart enough that will maybe do eight specific takes of a particular performance so that you're under the impression that they are, you know, what's up Detroit, how y'all doing? You know, like they'll, they'll go that far. Like I know artists that will do like 10 or 20 versions of a song to sort of customize or not get caught out there.


But I think just in the name of presenting a, a perfect package, that's what people go through. But So you're, you're talking about in concert right now, right? Yeah. In concert or most, you know, I'm, I'm on television. I'll say that 90% of of, you know, it's very rare for a person to just go 100% live. Like I'll say that on the Tonight Show, 85 to 90% of what you see is, is a, a perfected delivery. Like in their minds it's like, I must sell the song to sell my album. And so they don't wanna leave risk or or to chance any, you know, any flub that would make you say, Nope, I don't, that note was flat, so I'm not supporting that group.


So yeah, that's kind of where we are now in, in entertainment. Well, you saw one mystery for me, which is how do singers manage to sing when they're doing this elaborate workout with their choreography when you're gonna be outta breath. Exactly. So pretty much it's, it's just par, the course. Like it's, it's always been that way. But when I go to SNL yeah, I'm, I'm entertained by what I see, but I'm not sitting in the audience just to watch Saturday Night Live. Like for me, the best part of the show is what happens in the commercials. Like watching the teamster guys and the, and the crew guys like at Furious pace in two minutes, like build an entire set while, you know, they're quick, the artists are quick changing in the back and well, they make it in two minutes flatten.


To me, that's, that's the best part of the show. Like watching the choreography of a well-oiled machine. Ahmir, it's been so great to talk with you. Thank you you for being such a regular guest on our show. It's really, it's a joy. Thank you Ahmir. Questlove Thompson's new film, ladies and gentlemen. 50 years of SNL music is part of SNL's 50th anniversary celebration. It's streaming on Peacock. He spoke with Terry Gross coming up, Harvard Professor Imani Perry talks about her latest book, black and Blues, how a Color Tells the Story of My People. I'm Tanya Mosley, and This is Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from Capella University. Learning doesn't have to get in the way of life. With Capella's game changing FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your own schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to earn your degree. Instead, enjoy learning your way and pursue your educational and career goals without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from Viking, committed to exploring the world and comfort journey through the heart of Europe on an elegant Viking long ship with thoughtful service, destination focused dining and cultural enrichment on and onshore. And every Viking voyage is all inclusive with no children and no casinos. Discover more@viking.com.


This message comes from wise, the app for doing things and other currencies, sending or spending money abroad. Hidden fees may be taking a cut. With Wise, you can convert between up to 40 currencies at the mid-market exchange rate. Visit wise.com. TNCs apply.


You know, sometimes there are ideas that make you reconsider the way you look at the world around you. My guest today, scholar Imani Perry does that with her new book, black and Blues, how a Color Tells the Story of My People. Perry weaves the gravitational pull of blue in black life, both literally and metaphorically in sound and in color, from the creation of dyed indigo cloths in West Africa that were traded for human life and the 16th century to the American art form of blues music and sartorial choices. Coretta Scott King wore blue on her wedding day. Fannie Lou Hamer wore a blue dress to testify before Congress.


These examples could be seen as mere coincidences, but in this book, Perry weaves a compelling argument for why they are not. Imani Perry is the Henry A. Morris Jr. And Elizabeth W. Morris, professor of Studies of Women Gender and Sexuality and of African and African American studies at Harvard University. She's also the author of several books and has published numerous articles on law, cultural studies and African-American studies, including Looking for Lorraine, which is a biography of the playwright Lorraine Hansberry. And breathe a letter to my sons, Imani Perry, welcome back to Fresh Air. And thank you so much for this fascinating book.


Oh, thank you for having me. Can I have you read a passage, page 21, last paragraph. The truth is this, black as such began in noble through conquering eyes writing that makes me wince because I hold my black tightly, proudly, even honesty requires a great deal of discomfort. But here's the truth, we didn't start out black nor did we choose it first. Black was a hard-earned love, but through it all the blue blues, the certainty of the brilliant sky deep water and melancholy have never left us.


I can attest, you might be thinking by now that this blue thing I'm talking about is mere device, a literary trick to move through historic events. And if blue weren't a conjure color, that might have been true. But for real, the blue in black is nothing less than truth before trope. Everybody loves blue. It is human as can be, but everybody doesn't love black. Many have hated it, and that is inhumane. If you don't already, I will make you love it with my blues song. Thank you so much for that, Imani. I also wanna say that this book is a, I know you, you don't think of yourself as a poet, but it's, it's very lyrical.


It's really poetry. Thank you. How did meditating on the color blue help you come to a deeper understanding about the use of the word black to articulate what we are? So, I mean, I have a sort of roundabout answer to that question. It's a beautiful question and it may have some more than anything to do with the, the blues. So it's the genre of music that is sort of the foundation of African American music, certainly, and the foundation of American music generally. And it is, as I say, sort of a sound of the world's favorite color, meaning that it captures both the joy and the melancholy.


You know, having the blues, when you have the blues rather playing the blues can act as, as a, as a means of kind of curing the blues. You know, it has this, this movement through the spectrum of emotions, this deeply human sensibility to it. And so there was something about the universality of the color blue and the power of the, the sound of the blues, the way the sound of, of my people coming out of the deep south, coming out of a history of enslavement, coming out of being, having this identity cast upon them and making something beautiful, creating beauty at the very sight of wound.


There was something about the way in which those two senses of blue coincided so profoundly that actually for me became a pathway to thinking about blackness. And in some ways, the, the absolute tragedy of the failure to recognize its beauty. And so, you know, the, the book is a journey through that, a journey through both the anguish, but of course, which you have to acknowledge. But of course, this remarkable beauty that actually res and has a resonance with everyone, even when they deny it.


So, you know, that I guess that's the, the simplest way I can think about saying how yeah, how that, how that connection emerged from me. I wanna talk a little bit about music. It's kind of the easiest way to get even deeper into this book and this thought, you know, I I think the term Blue note is so embedded in our understanding is something that relates to jazz music. Yes. If you're not a musician, maybe you just know of it, but not really. I at least I didn't know what it meant really until I was reading your book and I understood it to mean the in-between. Yeah, I was just really curious how this definition of the in-between also allows you to deepen your understanding of how black people's creation of the art form of jazz itself came to be.


It's the in-between, it's the slurred notice that which isn't recognized on the Western scale. And of course it is recognized, you know, there, there increasingly musicians have been talking about a blue scale and there are other scales in which what we refer to as Blue notes in this context are, are, you know, are understood just as, as as notes. And that's actually just a wonderful example because it, at the Blue Note, or the addition of the blue note to the sound of American music transforms it much in the way that there's something indispensable about the presence of black people in the United States and in what it becomes.


And, and at the same time it is its own thing and also it has connections to these other genres of music. And I, it's a beautiful example for me of actually the, the combination of African Americans being American, becoming a people in the context of the United States, and also having these connections that are like arteries to the rest of the black world. And so, you know, their, their references in the book to Haitian history and Brazilian history and history in the of, of the Congo and all of these very deep connections that are present. And so the blue note really is, is like that.


And it is something that you are attuned to, you can hear it's on an, it operates intuitively, I think for listeners of American music and some ways that is the whole globe because American music has journeyed everywhere, right? Even if you don't have its formal definition or even if you can't describe it. And there's something to that as well in this story, right? There is a presence and a power that isn't necessarily fully articulated that comes through this particular history. So, you know, the, the music really does, it's not even just, it's not just metaphorical.


It, it functions as a kind of representation or an example of the fact of, of being black and particularly being Black American. I wanna play an early reference that you write about, it's Louis Armstrong's 1951 recording of What did I do to be so black and blue? Let's listen to a little Cold empty bed springs hard as leg feel like ness. Wished I was there. What did I do to be so black and blue?


Even the mouse ran from my house. They laugh at you and score. You do, what did I do to be so black? It blue, I white inside, but that don't help my case. Good, Z okay, hide what is in my face.


That was Louis Armstrong's 1951. What did I do to be so black and blue? It was really fun to go down memory lane and like listen to these old pieces, I'll say, but what did you learn about how Armstrong really turned this song, which was several decades old? Old by the time he sang it into really a direct commentary for the time. Yeah. So, oh, the original version of the song actually took place in a black musical and it was sung by a dark skinned black woman who was actually talking about a colorism in the black community and the kind of preference for lighter skinned women.


And the transition is, is it's beautiful, but what what Armstrong does is this, it's this example of the sort of multi-layered references that exist in both black and blue. So there's, and it's a song that bridges blues and jazz as well. So it has this blues phrasing and sensibility, but then with the horns and the scatting, you hear the kind of growing complexity of jazz. And we have black and blue in the sense of being bruised. And you have blues in the sense of melancholy. And of course the general sense of sort of the, the blues that exist along with blackness. And in Armstrong's personal life, you have this struggle around being a person who is actually, you know, sent into the world as an advocate of, you know, the United States in the context of the, the burgeoning Cold War and is a kind of figure.


And, and that is supposed to be an example of the glory of the United States. And yet, as was often the case, and we saw this in the context of World War I and World War ii, even as black people served the nation valiantly, they were subject to deep inequality at home. And so the song actually is able to encapsulate all of those dimensions with these rather simple sentences, lyrics that, that are not directly about all of that, but absolutely are about all of that. So it gets, you get the sense of, of innuendo, of a multi-layered discourses.


It's just so elegant and beautiful and profound. You also reference Nina Simone, you talk about her first album, which was in 1957, there is this song called Little Girl Blue. I also wanna play that. Let's hear a little bit, What can you do?


That was Nina Simone singing Little Girl Blue. And Imani, as you write about, there was just a lot going on with this album. There's a lot of delays with the recording label. It kind of set her on the path, really her career path decisions from that point on. What did you learn about Simone and, and the recording of this song that made you want to explore it for the book? I'll just say, you know, I grew up on Nina Simone. My mother loved Nina Simone. And so I've been listening to her literally for my entire 52 years of life. And you know, we, we talk a great deal in some ways about the late Nina Simone in the world of sort of popular culture.


Nina Simons as a, as a woman who was both a musical genius and also a person who put politics in their music, and also a person who struggled with her mental and emotional health after so many tragedies. And so I wanted to look at the beginning. I wanted to attend to early Nina Simone, a person who had already experienced extraordinary disappointment. She was a trained classical pianist. She'd been denied admission to the Curtis Institute. She was certain that that denial was because of her race. And so she became this musician who was blending, you know, torch songs, show tunes, jazz as a performer, and then elements of the classical music.


But she also was really struggling with emotionally with the desire to have been a classical musician and the ways in which she was excluded from that. And so there's something about in thinking and, and talking about this first album, I wanted to gesture to the complex emotions associated with her putting this work together. And also its incredible beauty. It's yet again one of these sites where you see, you know, the process of creating beauty at the site of wound.


It happens over and over and over again in black culture and life. And I was able to do it through the story of a really cherished musician for me personally, but I think for the world. I'd like to, in our conversation on a passage of your book that I feel is so rooted in the present moment, it's page 2 28, the last paragraph. It starts with an admission. An admission. I'm very much an American and that is an uneasy title for me. I have a culture and an identity tied to this land.


I am without apology who and what I am. The unease is about the relationship between my citizenship and the rest of the world. My blackness as a conduit. But my Americanness is so often a betrayal of that connection with others. I know the classic responses coming from some people wanna come here from all over the world. The American dream is universal. I think that dream is of a castle of security that exists inside the palace gates. I come from inside the territory, but outside the gates, so I know better.


But I have one take. There are many others. We are no monolith. This is my blues. Imani Perry. As always, thank you so much for this thought provoking conversation. Thank you, Imani. Perry's new book is Black and Blues, how a Color Tells the Story of My People. Fresh Air Weekend is produced by Theresa Madden. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Sam Brier is our managing producer. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. A special thank you to Jose Giannis and Connor Anderson from WDET For additional engineering help with Terry Gross.


I'm Tanya Mosley.


This message comes from Tourism Australia, Australia, A land of contrast where white sand beaches are almost as plentiful as flat white coffees. And where you can go away for a vacation yet somehow feel right at home, explore more@australia.com.


This message comes from Warby Parker. If you wear glasses, you know how hard it is to find the perfect pair, but step into a Warby Parker store and you'll see it doesn't have to be. Find a Warby Parker store near you at warby parker.com/retail.


This message comes from Bombas. Their socks are super plush, designed to support your arches and support people in need. One purchase equals one donated. To those experiencing homelessness, go to bombas.com/ NPR and use code NPR R for 20% off your first order.