
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, na member FDIC From WHYY in Philadelphia. This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm m Sam Brier Lucy. I'm home Playing Ricky Ricardo on I Love Lucy made Desi Arnaz a star. Behind the scenes he created what became standard procedures for producing, shooting, lighting, and broadcasting TV sitcoms. Today, Author Todd Purdum talks about his new book, Desi Arnaz, the Man Who Invented Television.


Also, we hear from Mark Hamill. He's in the new movie, the Life of Chuck, and is known for playing the iconic hero, Luke Skywalker in the Star Wars movies. When George Luke is cast him for the first movie, Hamill wasn't sure what to make of the script, so he turned to his co-star for help. I said, Harrison, you worked with George on American Graffiti. Is this like a parody of flat screen? He's, Hey kid, let's, let's just get it done. Alright. So he was no help whatsoever. Plus TV critic David Bian Cooley reviews the new HBO documentary Wee as Himself. That's coming up on Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice. When you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on Think or swim. Visit schwab.com to learn more. This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having rinse. Do it for you. With one touch in app scheduling pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear, handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse combines human care with seamless technology to make laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at Rinse dot com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from Capella University. The right support can make a difference. That's why at Capella University, learning online doesn't mean learning alone. You'll get support from people who care about your success and are there for you every step of the way. Whether you're working on a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, you can learn confidently knowing you'll get the dedicated help you need. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more at Capella dot edu. This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts.


What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, na member FDIC. This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm m Sam Brier. Our first interview today is with Teri Gross and Todd Perdam, author of the new book, Desi Aez, The Man Who Invented Television. Lucy, I'm Home. That's a phrase Desi Aez was known for in the sitcom. I Love Lucy Mama. That was one of his signature songs. The Conga was the Rhythm. He helped popularize in the US, beating out on his conga drum as people dance to the beat of 1, 2, 3.


Kick Art's movie career didn't go far, but playing Ricky Ricardo, husband of Lucille Ball's character Lucy Ricardo made him a star. Just getting a major TV role was quite a feat because networks and sponsors were skeptical that a Cuban refugee with an accent would be accepted by American viewers. I Love. Lucy premiered in 1951 when TV was young and ended its run of new shows in 1957. It became the first show in TV history to reach 10 million people for years. It was the most popular show on tv. A lot of that is credited to ball's, comedic talent, and to the work AR did in front of the camera and Behind the scenes, creating what became standard procedures for producing, shooting, lighting and broadcasting TV sitcoms and led to the possibility of reruns and syndication.


He also founded Desilu Productions, which kept expanding and for a while was the largest creator of TV content in the world. Our Ms. Brooks December bride, the Andy Griffith Show, the Untouchables and the Dick Van Dyke show were among the programs produced by Desi Lou and or filmed in its studios. The new book, Desi Arna, The Man Who Invented Television by My guest, Todd Perdam is about Arna I Love Lucy, the early days of tv, the seminal role he played in shaping it. His marriage to Lucille Ball and the excesses that did him in Purdum spent 23 years at the New York Times where he covered the White House was diplomatic correspondent and LA Bureau chief.


He's the author of the previous books, something Wonderful Rogers and Hammerstein's Broadway Revolution, and an Idea Whose Time Has Come. Two Presidents, two parties, and the Battle for the Civil Rights Act of 1964. I Love Lucy is still part of current pop culture. It continues to play in reruns on tv. Nicole Kidman and Javier Baram star as Lucille Ball and Desi AEs in the 2021 film being the Ricardo's in 2022, Amy Poer directed the documentary Lucy and Desi Todd Perham. Welcome back to Fresh Air. I really enjoyed the book. It has so much interesting TV history in it. Networks and sponsors were not enthusiastic about the idea of a Latino man starring in a sitcom.


What were their problems? Well, no, Terry, they weren't, first of all, they were very concerned that he was different, that he had a, a thick accent and they just did not believe that widespread American audiences would believe him as the husband of an All American girl like Lucille Ball. Of course, the irony is they had been an All American couple for 10 years already in real life. How had he been typed in his earlier years in the movies? He said at one point his ambition was to be the Cuban Mickey Rooney, and he really was a little bit like Mickey Rooney. He could do comedy, he could do music, he could play the drum, he could sing, and he struggled to find a, a workable niche in Hollywood. He was always a little bit off.


He, he never quite fit into Hollywood's stereotype of, of what a Latin performer should be. He'd been a successful band leader. Yes, and he was apparently in person a very, very compelling entertainer, a wonderful showman who had a, could hold the audience in the palm of his hand. He wasn't a classically great musician. He was self-taught. He never learned how to read music. He wasn't a spectacular drummer. His Latin music, his Cuban music was by the lights of authentic Cuban music fans. Not the most pure version. It was a kind of popularized American version that brought those Cuban musical forms to American mass audiences.


But apparently the whole package was pretty overwhelming when you saw him in the flesh. He wasn't a great singer either. I'll add that. And a lot of his songs were novelty songs. Yes, he was an adequate singer, but he was, you know, he was not a, an incredible vocal. It's, there's no doubt about that. Meanwhile, Lucille Ball wasn't getting like the traction that she wanted in movies either. No, she'd been working steadily in movies since 1933. This is 19 50 51 when they're trying to get the show in the air. She was approaching the age of 40, which then as now was a very dangerous age for a female actress in Hollywood. She had worked steadily, but she'd never really broken through as a major a-list star. And she was beginning to be known as the Queen of the Bees, the second tier movies that rounded out double features.


So at the point that I Love Lucy is about to begin, she was starring in a radio sitcom called My Favorite Husband, and now the TV was beginning to catch on the network, thought we should transfer it to TV and make it a, you know, a TV sitcom. And that's not what she really wanted to do. She wanted herself and, and Desi, who was her husband by then to have their own sitcom. So talk about how they made the deal to co-star in a new TV series. Yes. What happened was she was in the last gasp of really big network radio. It was a sitcom about a, a zany wife and her fifth vice president of a bank husband called My Favorite husband.


And CBS realized that television was catching on and the Lucy Show had been successful, so they wanted to transfer to tv and the only way she was willing to do it is if Desi played her husband. But he himself realized he could not plausibly be the fifth vice president of a bank. Richard Denning, who was the actor who played her husband on the air was a a a blonde waspy, jut jawed kind of actor. So they, they were struggling to have a different concept and, and one that's CBS, which was running my favorite husband would accept. Finally, Desi said, I have an idea. We'll go on a vaudeville tour. We'll take my band on a tour of movie houses around the country in big cities and you can perform comedy and we'll perform comedy and music together and prove to the suits at the network that the public will accept us as a team.


And in the summer of 1950, that's what they did. And it was a spectacular success all over, all over the country. And finally, CBS and the sponsor, Philip Morris agreed. And Philip Morris, of course, was a very big cigarette manufacturer, and the sponsors were so influential at that time. Their name was even in the title of some shows. What I love is, and I didn't know this till reading your book, that the opening credits in the original broadcast, not the reruns, not in syndication, but in the original broadcast. Why don't you describe what the opening was like? It wasn't the heart logo with Lucille Ball and Desi Arna, I Love Lucy. It was completely different.


No, they were these charming little animated stick figures drawn by the Hannah Barbera animation team. The people who created Tom and Jerry, the cat and Mouse, and Lucy and Desi were frolicking on top of a package of cigarettes and dancing around as the, as the show began. And, and, and the velvety looking heart logo only came later in reruns. So at the time, TV shows were mostly, mostly live or on telescopes. Why don't you explain what a kscope is? Well, in 19 50, 51 television was almost completely a live medium. And it was centered almost completely in New York because it was dominated by the advertising agencies who were there. The ch the challenge for broadcasting across the whole country was it wasn't yet possible to beam a television signal all the way from New York to California.


So if a show was produced in New York, it was seen live in the eastern two thirds or so of the country to around maybe St. Louis, Kansas City, something like that. And then in order to broadcast it in the West Coast, they had to film using 16 millimeter film off a television monitor. And they produced a very poor duplicate called a kscope. That videotape had not yet been invented. So the problem was shows that were produced in one place and shown in another had a very poor visual quality. One of the challenges that you, you can't even now, you'll notice probably sometimes If you watch a movie and a television screen appears in the background, it vibrates and has a kind of a, a jiggly re quality because the speed of film is different from the speed of the video image.


Digital has changed some of this, but in any case, Lucy and Desi, the whole goal of the show was to work together live in Los Angeles, where they were about ready to have their first child, their daughter, Lucy DeRay Arna, and the sponsor and CBS wanted 'em to come and do it in New York. And they said, no, no, no, we don't wanna do that. And, and that's when CBS said, well, we're certainly not gonna have you do it live in Los Angeles and make the most important markets in the country. Watch a blurry kscope. So you'll have to film it and that will cost more. So what was Desi as a solution to getting around the fact that you couldn't really broadcast from coast to coast? And Kscope looked really terrible.


His basic idea was let's film it on 35 millimeter film stock just like a movie. But because CBS and the sponsor also realized that Lucy performed best in front of a live audience as her radio show had demonstrated, they wanted to film this television program also in front of a live audience. Well, as you probably know, a movie is filmed most of the time with a single camera set up over and over again for each shot, every closeup, every reaction. It involves a separate camera setup. And to try to film a half hour situation, comedy like that would have been in those days, very cumbersome. It would've also wrecked the spontaneity. It would've been complicated to capture the laugh and reaction.


So they came up with this notion of using three cameras at once in synchronicity filming the show like a play. And while a game show the Ralph Edwards' truth or Consequences had been experimenting with that technique, no one had ever really done it for a, a, a play, you know, like a sitcom. So Desi went around talking to various cinematographers, including the Academy Award winning cameraman Carl Fre, who had started out in the German expressionist cinema in the twenties and thirties and come to Hollywood like so many emigres from Europe. And he said, you can't do it. And Dessi said, why? He said, because you have to light separately for the closeups, for the medium shots for the long shots. And then as a sheer intellectual challenge for, he said, but let me see if we can figure something out.


So he devised an innovative system of so-called flat overhead lighting that would light the set adequately for all three camera angles at once. And then because a motion picture studio is a working factory floor with all kinds of dangerous cables and electricity and fire hazards, they had to figure out a way to get an audience in there to watch it. So they built a set of wooden and metal bleachers, had about 300 people come into this sound stage. They had to cut a special door in the street side of this, of the sound stage so that people could have adequate fire exit. And that became the method that with, you know, a few changes is still used today, was used for shows like Friends The Big Bang Theory.


Most sitcoms today are still shot using this same basic technique. We're listening to Terry's interview with Todd Perdam. His new book is Desi Arna, The Man Who Invented Television. We'll hear more of their conversation after a short break. I'm m Sam Brier and This is Fresh Air Weekend. This message comes from tma, create Your Oasis with tma. A modern design company that specializes in furniture and home goods by stripping away everything but the essential TMA makes elevated beds with premium materials and intentional details with clean lines, subtle curves and minimalist style. The TMA bed collection is available in four signature finishes to match any design aesthetic. To get $100 towards your first bed purchase, go to t tma.co/npr.


This message comes from wise, the app for doing things and other currencies. With Wise, you can send, spend or receive money across borders, all at a fair exchange rate, no markups or hidden fees. Join millions of customers and visit wise.com. T's and C's apply. This message comes from Bluehost. Bluehost can make building a great website easy and offers a 30 day money back guarantee. Customize and launch your site in minutes with ai, then optimize with built-in search engine tools. Get your great site at Bluehost dot com. This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm m Sam Brier. Let's get back to Terry Gross's interview with Todd Perdam, His new book, Desi Arna, The Man Who Invented Television is about arna his on and offscreen wife, Lucille Ball their show I Love Lucy.


And how our's innovations and his studio helped shape the early days of television. So when Lucille Ball and Dei Arna shot the pilot, which was basically an audition for them, she was pregnant and wore baggy clothes to cover it up 'cause she couldn't look pregnant on tv. And then later in the series she was actually pregnant again with their son and the writers and Lucille Ball and Desi Aez wanted to write that into the story of Lucy and Ricky Ricardo. But the network was against it. Why was showing a pregnant woman so taboo like a a, a pregnant actress playing a pregnant character?


Why was that so taboo? Well, because television those days was a bland, sponsor driven mass medium. That to some degree the way it does now. Except it, it depended on the most innocuous fair to offend the fewest number of people. And If you had a pregnant woman on the air, especially a really pregnant actress, it would betray the way that you get pregnant, which is by having sex. And sex did not really appear on television in those days. So Lucy and Desi fought hard with CBS to do this. And they thought Desi particularly thought there could be a whole series. And the head writer and producer Jess Oppenheimer thought there could be a series of very tasteful, very charming episodes that would show what happens when people have a baby.


And finally, ultimately Desi only found out a couple years later, he'd, he'd gone over the heads of the network executives to the chairman of Philip Morris and written him a letter saying, we've given you the number one show on television. If you don't want us to be responsible for writing it anymore, then you'll have to figure out how to get the number one show on television and we can't be responsible anymore. And he later learned that the chairman of the of the company had sent a memo to his staff basically saying in the very pungent terms that, I'm not gonna say on the radio, don't mess around with a Cuban. So they were allowed to do the episodes and they were so concerned about doing it in good taste that they hired a tripartite panel of a priest, a rabbi and a Protestant minister to vet the scripts and they be on, on the set when they were filming to make sure that everything was done in good taste.


It's so ridiculous. It's incredible. It's incredible. And also sitcom family, it's a mean, the idea was they're typically supposed to have children and be like an average quote, normal nuclear family, husband and wife and kids. And so like, you can't have kids without being pregnant. It's just so absurd. Anyhow, Well in future years, Dessi Desi recalled in a years later interview with David Letterman, how you couldn't say the word pregnant on television. You Couldn't say pregnant. No. So he said in his wonderful accent, had to say Spect. And the audience in David Letterman's show laughed out loud of course. And Desi took a beat and a classic deadpan, you know, and then said SPECT was better anyway.


And Letterman's like it still is because you can't get a laugh with the word pregnant. Whereas, you know, SPECT is pretty funny. I wanna skip ahead to an episode of I Love Lucy, in which she's just found out she's pregnant. She, 'cause she's really wanted to have a baby. She is just glowing and Ricky is about to come home. So she's always imagined what it was gonna be like to tell her husband, we're gonna have a baby, she's gonna make him a nice meal, put her arms around him and deliver the news. It's gonna be romantic and perfect. So she makes him a, you know, a great lunch, puts it on the table in the living room. He comes in, he's had a terrible day and he's in a really foul mood and he's very, very hungry and all he wants to do is eat.


So I wanna play that scene. Ricky, do you have to eat now? Well, honey's lunch time, you fix me a beautiful lunch. Well stop for a minute now. Swallow that. My stomach is gonna sink. I lost my teeth. Alright honey, now what is it? Ricky Darling? Honey, the phone is ringing. I Know it Well, honey, one of us has to get up and answer it. No, we'll see. Let it ring. Oh honey, come on. It might be important, honey. Oh, come on.


Hello. Oh, hello Marco. What? What do you mean they can't have the costumes there till tonight? Now look, you tell that guy that he has to have those costumes there by two o'clock this afternoon or I'm gonna sue him. That's what I said. I'm gonna sue him. Thanks. Goodbye. What a business. Sometimes I think I go back to Q and work in the sugar plantation. Just the two of us. Just the two of us. Yeah. I don't mind to get you all involved in my affairs, honey. But you should be happy. You're a woman. Oh, I am. I am.


Well you, you think that, you know how tough my job is, but believe me, If you traded places with me, you'd be surprised. Believe me. If I traded places with you, you'd be surprised When one of the things I like about the scene is the difference between the fantasy you imagine and the reality that you get. But Lucille boy, I think was very pregnant at the time 'cause she's wearing what really looks like maternity clothes. Do you know how pregnant she was? How expecting she was when when they shot that She probably would've been approaching like five months or something. And one of the things apparently about her pregnancies, she showed early and large in her pregnancy.


She, she, she tended to balloon up, which is why they, they couldn't hide the pregnancy. They would've had to stop producing the show if they couldn't have pregnancy be part of the plot. And so of course the episode then continues from that wonderful scene you just played. She finally goes down to the nightclub and devises a ruse to, to tell him there in public. And, and it's a charming scene when they, when he realizes that he's gonna have a a ba he's gonna be the father. And this is set at a nightclub where he's the band leader and he gets a note saying there's a couple here who is going to have a baby? And he asks like, well who is it? And nobody raises their hand or stands up. So he goes from table to table, basically saying, is it you?


Is it you? And then he realizes Lucy is there and he realizes they're gonna have a baby. And then he sings this song, We're having a baby, my baby and me. You ready? In Winchell that we adding an limb to our family dream while pushing that carriage. How proud I'll be. There's nothing like marriage as your father and mother. And they'll agree he'll have toys, baby clothes, he'll know he is come to the house by when he grows.


Maybe he'll live in the White House. Why not? So that's an example too of how they worked. The fact that Ricky Ricardo was a band leader in a nightclub into the story The show. And they were meta before Meta was meta, you know, and, and the synergy of their real life relationship, the relationship on the show, it all played into each other. And the episode in which the baby was born on television had been filmed weeks before the baby was born in real life. And then because Lucy had had a C-section with her first child in those days, if you'd ever had a cesarean section, you had cesarean section for all subsequent children. So her surgeon happened to do his operations on a Monday.


So she pre-scheduled the birth of the Real life Desi Jr. For Monday morning. So Desi Jr was born on Monday morning in real life at Cedars of Lebanon Hospital in Los Angeles. And that night on the air, millions of Americans saw little Ricky born on the air, but they weren't actually happening in, in real time. Did they send out press releases explaining that both happened on the same day? Ye yes. Well Jim Bacon, the Associated Press reporter was sitting with Desi outside the delivery room and within seconds of the word that the baby, the real life baby had been born, the news was flashing all over the world and was worldwide headlines in Japan and Europe and every place in the world. And that's really important because they were so afraid to have a pregnant character on TV even though the actress was pregnant too.


And it turned out to be a real boon for the show. Absolutely. And it, I think it's also another proof, Terry, that the public is so often ahead of the leadership in these kinds of questions people prove totally capable of accepting the fact that these people had a baby without being horrified. What was Lucille Ball and Desi her's relationship like on and off the set? It seemed pretty tumultuous both on and off the set. I think it was from the moment they met each other. It was a classic case of love at first sight or you know, very powerful attraction. They got married within six months of meeting each other. They were each pretty seriously involved with other people when they met and they promptly dumped those other people and and saw only each other.


The problem was from the very beginning that Desi had idea that he could stray sexually and it shouldn't matter to his wife because his wife was his wife and that's all that mattered. Can I Stop you there? Sure. I mean he learned that from his father and grandfather in Cuba who both had mistresses and he was introduced to what was then called a prostitute and is now called a sex worker when he was 15 to initiate him. Yes. His uncle took him to the fanciest bordello in Santiago de Cuba, his hometown, and introduced him to sex in a bordello. And when he came to New York as a young performer, he frequented Polly Adler's Bordello, which was the most elegant whore house in New York, basically, that had the cream of entertainment and society clientele and Desi, I think he would clearly be what we now would think of as a sex addict.


He didn't have affairs with people. As his daughter once said to me, with people who had last names, he just had endless dalliances with prostitutes sometimes more than one, one at a time. And when this was semi-private, it bothered Lucy, but she could tolerate it when it became increasingly public. And he ultimately got arrested weaving down the street in Hollywood in a neighborhood of notorious bordellos, it became humiliating for Lucy and she really just couldn't take it anymore. And that's, that's ultimately what that and his drinking is what led to their divorce in 1960. Todd Perham, it's been a pleasure to have you back on the show. Thank you Terry. It's so pleasure to be here. Todd Perham is the author of the new book, Desi Arna, The Man Who Invented Television.


Paul Rubins, the actor best known for his alter ego, Peewee Herman died in 2023 after a private six year battle with cancer. Near the end of his life, Rubin's collaborated on a documentary sitting for 40 hours of intimate interviews with director Matt Wolf. The result of that effort is the two-part HBO documentary Pee Wee as Himself TV critic, David Bian Cooley has this review When Paul Rubin speaks directly to the camera in Pee Wee as Himself, framed tightly by the lens and looking frail but still feisty. It's as though he's delivering his last will and testament. And he says this much, This is such a dumb thing to say, but you know, death is just so final.


You know that, that to be able to like get your message in at the last minute or at some point is incredible. So what is his message in this new documentary? On one level, Ruben sets out to explain his artistic process and the inspirations and motivations behind the character of Peewee Herman. On another level, he explores what he gained and lost by refusing to be seen or interviewed as himself. For the whole time Peewee was starring in movies or television and most delicately and intriguingly, Paul Rubins provides his point of view about things that rarely were discussed by him during his lifetime from his private life and sexuality to his infamous arrest on charges of public indecency.


In covering all this ground, Ruben's opens up his Pack Rat archive of personal photos and home movies, director Matt interviews other people as well, such as Lorraine Newman, who worked with Rubens in the LA Improv group, the Groundlings and directors, Tim Burton and Judd Apatow, and several actors who appeared in the long running CBS Children's series, PeeWee's Playhouse, including Lawrence Fishburne, Natasha Leone, and Esa Petha Merkerson. By the time Rubens took his peewee character to Saturday morning TV in 1986, he says he knew exactly what he wanted to do and Merkerson says she appreciated it.


I just felt right from the get-go. Something that I could do that could be very important and very subliminal would be to just make the show very inclusive and not comment on it in any way. Captain Kangaroo, soupy, sales, howdy duty. You know, none of those shows did I see myself reflected so that I had the opportunity to be a part of a show that young black kids would see and go, oh, there's a image of me here. That means a lot to me.


The Road to PeeWee's Playhouse, an utterly brilliant TV show is relayed by PeeWee's alter ego in bursts of quick but clear developmental insights, the shows he watched As a kid, I was absolutely transformed in such a strong way by so many things in early television. I wanted to jump into my TV and live in that world. Thank can. What time is it? My favorite kid shows were absolutely like howdy duty Captain Kangaroo and the Mickey Mouse Club, His inspirations for the name Peewee Herman.


I Had a little harmonica, a little tiny harmonica this big that said peewee on it, and I thought peewee and I knew this kid when I was little who was like this crazy like really loud, nutty kid. And his last name was Herman. And I thought, Peewee Herman sounds so weird that it sounds real. It just didn't sound like a made up name at all. Like Carrie Grant or like Rock Hudson or like a made up name. It sounded Peewee Herman. Like If you were making up a name, wouldn't you make up a better name than that? And noting the meteoric rise of peewee from an improv bid at the Groundlings to the star of his own stage show, movie and TV series.


His view of the effects of stardom on his own carefully cultivated privacy. If I was conflicted about sexuality, fame was so much more complicated. By the time I realized that you trade in anonymity and privacy for success, the ink had dried on my pack with the devil. All of that imploded in 1991 after an event reported by CBS Anchor Dan Rather. In Sarasota, Florida actor Paul Rubins, better known as TV's Peewee Herman is free on bail. After being charged with indecent exposure in an adult movie theater.


CBS announced today that under the circumstances the network is dropping scheduled reruns of the program. PeeWee's Playhouse. Paul Rubins addresses all of this, frankly, taking great pains to explain his point of view. Yet that's not the most compelling or illuminating part of this documentary. The part that reveals the most, especially about Paul Rubins as an artist and a person, is his constant tug of war with the documentary's director Matt Wolf. At times Rubins is goofing around during the interviews and being coy. Other times he tells Wolf he doesn't trust him and would rather get his message out himself without Wolf's editorial interference.


Pee Wee as Himself makes clear that Paul Rubins was a control freak of sorts. And at the end, Rubins finally gets in the last word, unfiltered. It's worth hearing. And for this HBO documentary, it's just the right coda. David Bian Cooley is a professor of television studies at Rowan University. He reviewed the new HBO documentary Pee Wee as Himself. Coming up we hear from actor Mark Hamill. Best known for playing Luke Skywalker. He's in the new movie, the Life of Chuck, which was adapted from a Stephen King story. I'm m Sam Brier and This is Fresh Air Weekend. This message comes from Better Help.


June is Men's Mental Health month and every year 6 million men in the US suffer from depression. If you are feeling overwhelmed, the strongest thing you can do is ask for help and better help can make it easy. Take a short online quiz and connect from home with a qualified therapist. Visit better help.com/npr today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/ NPR support for NPR R'S Climate Solutions Week. Rethinking Home comes from the Nature Conservancy. People from all walks of life depend on nature for the food they eat, the water they drink, and the air they breathe for. Strengthening their communities, powering their livelihoods, and safeguarding their health.


Nature is common ground for everyone and uniting to protect nature can help solve today's challenges and create a thriving tomorrow for future generations. Discover why at nature.org/npr. Our next guest today is actor Mark Hamill. He's in the new movie, the Life of Chuck by director Mike Flanagan, who adapted the movie from a Stephen King story. You might be surprised to hear that the film is not a horror movie. Flanagan's best known for horror films and Stephen King is well, Stephen King. If it is horror, the life of Chuck is of the existential kind, asking questions like, are the length of our lives predetermined by supernatural forces?


Does fate control us? Are we actually the product of someone else's imagination? Mark Hamill plays Chuck's grandfather Alby, a hard drinking accountant, a kind man, but haunted by his secrets. When you hear Mark Hamill's name, it's hard not to think of an epic story that took place a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away as Hamill played one of the most iconic heroes in movie history. Luke Skywalker in the 1977 film, star Wars, a movie that changed Hollywood and the larger culture. Hamill was Luke in the original trilogy and reprised the role in the last trilogy that began in 2015. Hamill's other big recurring role, one that he had for three decades was as a villain.


He was the joker in Batman, the animated series, part of his long career as a voice actor. He said he would stop doing the voice of the Joker though when the actor who played Batman, Kevin Conroy died in 2022. This is not the first time Hamill has worked with the director of the life of Chuck. He also appeared to Mike Flanagan's Netflix horror series, the Fall of the House of Usher as a lawyer and fixer named Arthur Pi. Let's start with a clip from the life of Chuck here. Alby is going over his grandson, Chuck's math homework. Chuck lives with him since his parents died in a car accident. Chuck's good at math, but his passion is dancing and Albee's about to give him some tough love.


Some math. Math. It's called statistics or probability. It could tell you stuff about your future. It could tell you, for example, you are more likely to be drafted by a major league sports team that make a real living as a dancer. The world loves dancers, it truly does, but it needs accountants. So there's much more demand. So there's much more opportunity. I know that might hurt, but it's the truth. But math is truth.


It won't lie to you. It doesn't factor in your preferences. It's pure that way. Math can do a lot of things. Math can be hard, but it can't lie. So take another run at those two because chuckle, you are good, you have art in you. That's a scene with Mark Hamill, our guest in the new movie, the Life of Chuck Mark Hamill. Welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you Sam. So you've worked with, with Mike Flanagan before.


Did he come to you asking you to play this role? Like what did he tell you about it? Well, I don't know whether it was a phone call or an email saying, I'm doing a a, a movie based on a Stephen King novella and I think there's something that would be good for you. So I immediately ordered it on Amazon. It's in a collection called If it Bleeds, there's three stories. I was expecting some sort of epic, supernatural, you know, horror epic. And I was just astonished at how atypical it was for Stephen King and how Mike had never done anything quite like this.


So, you know, I mean Stephen King has done Green Mile and The Body and Shaw, right? He's pretty versatile, but, but nonetheless, He still, they're both very versatile. But you would just assume that, you know, the two of them together, that's what they would come up with. But I mean, I was delighted. I started reading this thing and it's told in reverse order as you say, and I had to tell the producers, I said, you know, I don't know how well I'm gonna do when I'm supposed to go out and promote this thing. Because how do you describe the indescribable? My advice to people is just go, go unprepared. Don't read reviews.


Because there are elements that you recognize from Stephen King. You know, apocalyptic themes, a haunted room. Ooh. But that's not the focus of the picture. It's about the impact on one person's life. And I don't know, just the nature of living. The movie itself might be indescribable, but one thing that is describable is the mustache you have in this movie, which is like a Wilfred Brimley soup straining walrus kind of mustache. So yeah. Is that yours? Did you grow that Thing? Yes, yes. I grew that thing and I, when I found out I was gonna do it, I just stopped trimming it.


And when I sat down, now makeup and hair are critical collaborators, makeup, hair, and wardrobe. And I said, just take all the color outta my hair. I want to have white hair. And they whitened out the mustache. And when I selected the rimless glasses and put them on, I looked in the mirror and went, oh my God, I'm Jao. I looked just like the Disney version of Jao and Pinocchio. But that's okay. We just listened to this clip. And what the listeners aren't seeing is how the speech is going over with the young chuck.


And as his eyes are as big as saucers, I mean, it's a nice speech you're making, but you are basically kind of crushing his dreams. You're like, right, don't be a dancer, be an accountant. Right. Did you ever get, can relate to that? Well I was wondering, did you ever get that version of that speech when you were young full of acting, acting ambitions? Are you kidding? Yeah, I'm the middle of seven children, career naval officer. And they thought I was nuts. They said, you can't be in show business. You, we don't know anybody in show business. We don't know anybody who knows anybody. Yeah, it's just ridiculous. You gotta get your degree. So you know, you could be a teacher, you know, you could teach drama. No, I wasn't encouraged at all until my senior year in high school.


My father got transferred to Japan. I went to Y high school and the drama teacher recognized my passion because I had, for the first time, gone to Broadway and seen several Broadway shows. I tagged along with my father on a business trip. We were living in Virginia. When he went to New York twice, I went and saw Broadway shows. And see, the thing is, I knew in my soul very early on, I mean like grade school, that I wanted to be in this business. I didn't know if I was gonna be an actor. But the two examples I always remember are seeing the original black and white King Kong and just being blown away, not not knowing how they made dinosaurs come to life.


I just thought somebody goes to work and makes these things happen. How, you know, what a job? I want a job where I bring a gorilla and dinosaurs to life. Or if I can't do it myself, I could certainly be an assistant. So I was really into that. And there was a Walt Disney program that had Clarence Nash, this distinguished gentleman with white hair, step up to the microphone. And he was the voice of Donald Duck. Now, I was probably either in kindergarten and or first grade when I saw that, it never occurred to me, well of course there's gotta be people doing the voices of Daffy Duck and Bullwinkle and all of that.


And I, it really motivated me. I mean, I went to the, when I go to record stores, I go to the children's album section and look on the back of say a Rocky and Bullwinkle album. I go, oh, Paul Freeze June re Dos Butler. You know that. So you were doing research on the people that Yes. Yes. Because I thought, wow, I, I would love to be in that business. Now the Walt Disney program was the only one on television that showed you Behind the scenes how movies were made. So it made it much more real to me. You saw the camera crew and the construction work and the wardrobe and the caterers.


So, I mean, as much as I was discouraged, I thought, you know, well I'm not a bad cook. If I can't be a director or an actor, I could always cater the, you'll get there somewhere, right? Yeah, I'll get there somewhere. 'cause I don't have to be in the show. But I want to be near the show. Now mind you, this is all kept to myself. 'cause I had four sisters and two brothers that would've ridiculed me endlessly if I had been forthcoming about my, what my intentions. But I was always that kind of drawn that way. I love, I put on puppet shows, I had a Jerry Mahoney ventriloquist dummy. Oh yes. But that was instructional in and of itself.


I hosted a a, a talent show in the sixth grade with my dummy. And as most people realize, you don't have to take responsibility for anything the dummy says. Right? So you can be highly critical of teachers and the cafeteria food, or you just say outrageous things and blame it on the dummy. And it was very empowering to get laughter. I realized this is what I wanna do. I like being up in front of people and I love getting laughter. Mark, I thought we would start this part of the conversation with a cameo you did on The Simpsons. You are appearing, I think it's a comic convention.


You come out of a spaceship dressed like Luke Skywalker and with a lightsaber you knock over a bunch of cardboard cutouts of storm troopers and also Wonder Woman for some reason. Let's hear the clip. Welcome futurists, cyber files and the rest of you Dateless wonders. And now to push this convention into hyperspace, the man who put the star in Star Wars, a real bird on the dark beta saddle. Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamo.


Hey, thanks everybody. You know I'm here today as Luke Skywalker, but I'm also here to talk about Sprint. As you can see, you stand to save up to 17 cents a month over the more dependable providers. God Talk about Star Wars Stupid nerds. He kind of save you money in long distance. That's my, no, I got a call from my agent because I've got good news and bad news. The good news is they want you on The Simpsons, which I adored at the time and was dying to get on. The bad news is you're playing yourself. Oh, because that's the rub.


You know, I've done things like, you know, they asked me to be on Big Bang Theory and I thought, oh good, I could play like, I don't know Leonard's father or you know, somebody integrated into the series that you hadn't seen. And they said, no, they want you to play yourself. Which is hard because you have to then think, well wait a minute, who am I? I mean, when, when you're playing a character, you don't have to take responsibility for anything that you say or do right here. You'd have to say, would I really say that? Would I do anyway? It's not as much fun, but at least on Simpsons, I said, guys, you gotta let me do something else besides myself.


And so they let me play. I think his name was Lavelle, the you lot of the lousiest, bunch of rec route I've ever seen. I was playing a, a southern police officer guy that was training these guys. I, you know, I loved it. I mean it was so much fun. Well, let's use this as a segue to talk about being Luke Skywalker a little bit. I think when you auditioned for Star Wars, you came in and didn't know what you were auditioning for and you auditioned both for Carrie and Star Wars at the same time. Is that true? Yes. The cattle call I eventually went to were actors from the ages of like 16 through 35.


'cause they were looking at both Luke and Han Solo. There was no script. You just met with Brian DePalo, who was casting Carrie and sitting right next to him was George who was casting Star Wars. And there was no information. I mean, they just said, tell us a little bit about yourself. And I did. And then after a few minutes they said, okay, thank you. I mean, it's what they call a cattle call where there are hundreds of people right there and you don't read for them. They don't talk about Carrie, they don't talk about Star Wars. They're just getting a feel for whether you're right for something. So I didn't get called back on Carrie, but I did get called back on Star Wars and eventually did a videotaped screen test.


Harrison played Han Solo and we only got about eight pages. I didn't read the whole script until I was given the part. Hmm. And that's something I'll never forget, sitting down and reading that script and knowing that I had been cast and even without John Williams' music or the special effects or anything, it read like a dream. But it was hell at the audition. 'cause I'm trying to figure out, I said, Harrison, you worked with with George on American Graffiti. Is this like a send up? Is this like a, a parody of Flaco and and he's, Hey kid, let's, let's just get it done.


Alright. So he was no help whatsoever. Same with George. George. I asked him the same questions are, are we, is this like a Mel Brooks version, like a send up? And he went, well, let's just do it and we'll talk about later. Well, translation is, let's just do it and we'll never talk about it later. George doesn't want to talk about backstory or motivation or all that. I mean, he's a real movie maker in the sense that he only really comes alive in the editing room. He just wants to get on film. Whatever it is you're working on that particular day, he doesn't want to hear about backstory and all that stuff, that actory stuff.


So, you know, I I imagine as an actor that, that an important part of, of your job is, and something that helps you do your job is, is like the feedback receive from other actors in the scene. Like from their energy, from their expressions. Like you probably work off of each other, but Right. For you, some of your most famous dramatic scenes in these Star Wars movies, you are acting opposite of Puppet. Right? And even though you know it's Frank Oz great puppet master, like, was that difficult? Was it difficult to like stay in the moment when you're expressing yourself to Yoda, who is not a real person? Of course. Look, Frank Oz is so good that when I looked at Yoda and he was manipulating him, I totally believed he was real.


I mean, a lot of times they would bury him outta sight underground. You know, he had an earpiece and I had an earpiece so I could hear what he was saying. But I just loved everything about Yoda. The, the Talking Backwards thing and, and just all of it. And it was kind of lonely. 'cause I think the most just pure out fun I had working on the original trilogy was when Harrison, Carrie and I were all on the death star running around. It was all three of us together. It was so much fun. And we enjoyed each other's company. And then in Empire, I go away.


I mean, I don't even get to keep C3 POII, I keep our two, but I go off to Deba and you know, there would be separate call sheets, you know, right on the main call sheet was Carrie and Harrison, Peter Cushing, whoever it might be. And then on my call sheet, I was the only human being. I, it was actor Mark Hamill role, Luke. And then it was puppets, lizards, snakes, it was all props. Well, Mark Hamill, thank you so much for coming on Fresh Air. Of course, Actor Mark Hamill. He's in the new movie, the Life of Chuck, which is adapted from a Stephen King Story.


Fresh Air Weekend is produced by Theresa Madden. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer today is Charlie Kier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Roberta Shorrock, Anne Marie Baldonado, Lauren Kreel, Monique Nazareth, FAA caller, Susan Yadi and Ana Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly Stevie Neper. Our consulting video producer is Hope Wilson. For Teri Gross and Tanya Mosley. I'm m Sam Brier. This message comes from NPR sponsor one Password.


Protect your digital life with one password. If you're tired of family members constantly texting you for the passwords to streaming services, one password lets you securely share or remove access to logins, access from any device. Anytime. One password lets you securely switch between iPhone, Android, Mac, and PC with convenient features like autofill for quick sign-ins. Right now get a free two week trial for you and your family at one password.com/npr. This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you are tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees, and free perks, mint Mobile might be right for you.


With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees. Extra Mint mobile for details.