
This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


From WHYY in Philadelphia, I'm m Terry Gross with Fresh Air Weekend Today. After Jeremy, Strong He played Kendall Roy on HB O's Succession. He's now starring in The Apprentice. As Donald Trump's unscrupulous lawyer and mentor, Roy Cone Strong says the film examines the playbook Cone passed on to Trump Always attack. deny everything and never admit defeat. Also Will Ferrell and his friend and former SNL writing partner Harper Steele. Talk about the road trip they took after Harper. Sent an email explaining She was coming out as a trans woman. In the last 10 years, I've been trying to understand what's going on.


Tried to get rid of It over and over again throughout my life, and now I'm giving up the fight. Their trip is the subject of the new Netflix documentary Will and Harper that's coming up on Fresh Air weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, You want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work That way. Merrill understands That. That's whyy. With a dedicated Merrill advisor, You get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would You like? The power to do investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor member S I PC.


This message comes from Apple card. If You love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security You. Expect from Apple plus You earn up to 3% daily cashback on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest. When You open a high yield savings account through Apple card. Apply for Apple card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City, branch member FD I C terms and more at Apple card.com.


This message comes from Dell Technologies. This season get premium tech That inspires joy. The XPS 16 from Dell Technologies with Intel Core Ultra processors help unlock AI possibilities. Shop now at Dell dot com slash deals.


Support for this podcast comes from the Neubauer Family Foundation, supporting WY Y's Fresh Air, and its commitment to sharing ideas and It encouraging, meaningful conversation. This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm m Terry Gross. Like many fans of HBO's Succession I became a fan of actor Jeremy Strong through his portrayal of the character Kendall Roy, one of the siblings hoping to take control of their father's media empire. While the father was nearing death Strong won an Emmy for his performance on Succession and a Tony for his recent starring role on Broadway in Ibsen's and Enemy of the People. Now he's starring in the film The Apprentice.


The Apprentice refers to the young Donald Trump as he's trying to establish himself and his father's business as a real estate developer, the person who is mentoring him and how to become successful is Trump's lawyer, the infamous Roy Cone, played by Jeremy Strong. Cohn was known for prosecuting and winning the federal government's case against Julius and Ethel Rosenberg on charges of giving nuclear secrets to the Soviets in a controversial decision, they were sentenced to death and executed in the electric chair in 1953. In 1954, during the Communist witch hunt period, Cohen was the chief counsel to Joseph McCarthy's Senate investigations into the communist influence in the us.


Cone and McCarthy were Also leaders in the anti-gay movement. That led to an executive order banning gay people from serving in government. but Cone was a closeted gay man who died of aids. He never came out and He insisted That, his disease wasn't aids, It was liver cancer. He was disbarred weeks before his death in 1986. Strong's performance personifies what was written about Cone on his patch on the AIDS memorial Quilt It read, bully Coward victim. Let's start with a scene from early in the film. When Trump and Cone first meet Trump has gotten accepted to a private dining club in Manhattan, cone is seated at a table with several mobsters, including Fat Tony Salerno, the boss of the Gen Easy Crime family.


When Cone notices Trump, who he's never met, He asked his friend to bring Trump to the table. Cone is interested in finding out who Trump is. Trump is played by Sebastian Stan Jeremy Strong as Cone Speaks first, What is your business, Donald Real Estate. I'm Vice President Trump organization. Oh, you're Fred Trump's kid. That's right. He's Fred Trump's kid. It. Sounds like your father's a little tangled up. It looks like He could use a good, but tell us about It. Right now, the government and the NAACP are suing us. They're saying our apartments are segregated.


This is America. You can rent to whoever the hell You damn want. But our lawyer wants us to pay a huge fine to settle, and we can't. It's gonna bankrupt us and ruin the Company. So You, tell the Fed the selves S3. File a lawsuit. Always file a lawsuit. Fight him in court. Make him prove you're discriminating. Wow, I guess Might have to get us a new lawyer. Of course, It helps. If Nixon and the Attorney General are your PEs Jeremy Strong. Welcome to Fresh Air. I love the film and That. That scene has so much energy to It. You have such swagger in It. Thank You Terry. I'm honored to be talking to You. Thanks for having me. Oh, It is totally my pleasure. You know, a biopic is different from a film based on an original story.


So You had a character who is a known person who You had a portray. What did You do to know, to watch to listen to him before playing him? Yeah, You know, I'll just say I haven't watched the film in a while and, and hearing That scene back, it's really so charged Isn't It and Roy in That scene encapsulates the playbook, which the film examines the idea. That You know what? Roy Cone stood for these principles. That He passed on to Donald Trump Always attack, deny everything and never admit defeat.


They're all kind of the DNA of That scene contains all of them. It's a great introduction of a character. but your question about playing historical figures, You know I've done a fair amount of work playing people who You know were we're, we're either alive or or we're historical figures. John Nicolet in in Lincoln, James Reeb in Selma, Jerry Rubin in in the Charlie Chicago seven Lee Harvey Oswald I feel always an enormous sense of responsibility to a kind of historical veracity and accuracy to try and capture and render the, the essence of these people.


and ultimately, it's not an intellectual, you're not writing an essay on someone. So the information is sort of emotional, intuitive, visceral information. But, but did, did You ever fact check any of It? Like did You feel a responsibility to not only be have acting truth, but have You know like fact truth? Absolutely. Yes. I absolutely feel sort of fidelity to truth with a capital T, which is funny in this case because Roy Cohn, if he's anything to me, he's like the progenitor of alternative facts. He's like, not someone who really espoused truth with a capital T He thought truth was a play thing That You could do as You Wish with It And I should mention Here That.


The film was written by Gabriel Sherman, who is a journalist who wrote a book about You know Murdoch and, and Fox News. Yeah. A book about Roger Ailes and Oh Yeah, I I I should have said Ailes, right? Well, No I mean it's Also about Murdoch. but of course, for years, I read That book when I was working on Succession, because You know during That time. Right? Well, that's, that's the thing. Like I feel like your recent career is so connected to Trump because Succession, There's intersectionality there for years. What what I wanna know is do You feel very adjacent to Trump like That You Know Trump because your characters have been so You know related to Trump in one way or another, and very directly related in the Apprentice You Know I don't I I don't, if I'm honest, I feel That.


My job is to almost be a sort of vessel which involves clearing myself out. but your question about whether I felt adjacent to Trump I guess I. Don't I guess. I feel like my job is to be a musician, a first chair musician to play whatever instrument It is That I'm given yes. To play whatever piece of music. That I give I. Wanna stop You because I I was gonna ask You if You notate your scripts as if there were music. Because like in the scene, That, we just heard there's real music in your voice. You've got a rhythm. Thank You You know I used to when I was in college, I sort of have held on to old scripts and plays.


and when I did You know American Buffalo or something, look back in anger in college. I have a million notes and it's sort of notated and annotated to death. and then at a certain point, I stopped writing anything down I guess at a certain point, You develop a trust and You your unconscious intuitive self That. If it's properly absorbed something, then it Will be there somehow. Now the the the the I think voice is very important to me for any character.


and Roy had a very, very particular way of speaking and a very specific pentameter. and the music of That is something That becomes your job to both master and then throw away. You know He writes in in Hamlet. Shakespeare says That use can almost change the stamp of nature and I feel That actors, especially when you're attempting to do some kind of transformational work, which is the kind of work That I love the most and have been inspired by in my life the most. Your job is to kind of change the stamp of your nature.


and, and voice is a, a, a really key part of That because there's something about a person's voice. That is like their eyes. It's such a way in to That person. My guest is Jeremy Strong He played Kendall Roy in HBO Succession He Stars in the new film, the Apprentice as the young Donald Trump's unethical lawyer and mentor Roy Coh. We'll hear more of our conversation after a break. I'm m Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Vori. Jump into a new perspective on performance apparel. Vori makes products That stand the test of time and hope to inspire others to live vibrant, healthy lives. Empowering your Best life in clothing. That can be worn for just about any activity from running to yoga. Visit re.com/npr to receive 20% off your first purchase and enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75. Discover the versatility of re clothing


Support for NPR r and the following message come from I XL learning. I XL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality. Get an exclusive 20% off I XL membership when You Sign up Today at ixl.com/ NPR.


This message comes from Progressive and its name your price tool. Say how much You want to pay for car insurance and they'll show coverage options within your budget. Visit progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law.


This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm m Terry Gross. Let's get back to my interview with Jeremy. Strong. He became famous for his role on HB O's Succession as Kendall Roy He stars On the new film The Apprentice, it's about Donald Trump as a young man striving to become successful and his unethical lawyer and mentor Roy Cohn played by Jeremy Strong. Let's talk about Succession a little bit. Sure. I don't know if I'll remember anything Terry, but let's try. Okay, great. Thank You. So Succession is the HBO series about a media mogul who owns a Fox News kind of conservative cable network. He owns theme parks and cruise ships. He's old, his health is fragile, and his four adult children are competing to see which of them Will take their father's place.


So You auditioned initially for Roman, the Kieran kin character, and then Adam, Adam McKay, who was an executive producer of Succession after You didn't get the part of Roman He asked You to audition for Kendall, which is the role You became famous for. and You know Kendall is this mix of like confidence, sometimes overconfidence and insecurity, uncertainty, indecisiveness, sometimes decisiveness, but the the decision is frequently not the right one. So there's, there's constant conflict going on within him. What did You relate to about That brew of contradictions within him?


You know, my experience as an actor was an experience of years and years and years of kind of struggling and feeling thwarted and feeling, feeling a sense of being denied a sense of being in a wilderness. So those feelings were accessible to me the way That Kendall You know who begins the series as the incumbent and then is sort of You know, held down and subverted and thwarted, but with a great need and desire to do the thing He feels That He is born to do.


That's something. That That Vector It was very alive for me. So, and, and one of the final scenes in Succession, the father has died. The children are fighting to keep the company while the head of another company is trying to buy It out. Kendall has pitched himself as the successor at the final board meeting before the decision is made, they're about to vote and each of the three siblings has a vote too. and the decisive vote is gonna be the sister Shivs. and before She says what her vote is gonna be, She calls a meeting in another room with You and Karen Kin's character. and She explains Whyy, she's not going to vote for You. and this refers back to when You confessed to your siblings.


That. You had accidentally killed a young man while You were very high and He had a drug contact, and You were too high to be driving and You accidentally drove off the road into a lake and You couldn't rescue him from the car. So what You did was like run away and then like, pretend like You had nothing to do with It, but You confessed to your father who covered It up for You and then You were indebted to him. Mm. So I wanna play That scene where the three siblings are in a separate room and Shiv your character sisters explaining Whyy, she's not going to vote for You. Hmm. I feel like if I don't get to do this, I I, I I feel like that's It like I might, I might like I I might die.


Chip, can we go in That room? Can You just vote? Please, please. You can't be CEO You can't because You killed someone. But, but, but which, What? Wait, what mean, which what? Which what? Like what? Like you've killed so many people. You forgot which one. That's That. That's not an issue. I That didn't happen. Wait, It didn't. As in what? It just a thing. She said It's a thing She said. I made It up. You made It up. Yeah. I I It was a difficult time for us. and I Think I You know whatever. Must have something from nothing because I I just I wanted for us all to bond at a difficult moment.


Wait, It was a move. No, no, not there. There was a kid, there was That kid, but so there was a kid, but it had like a token and a beer and not I. I didn't even get in the car. It's not Hold on. What I felt bad and I I false memory. Like I'm, I'm totally clean. I can do this. Wait, did It happen or did It not happen? It did not happen. It did not happen. I wasn't even there. It did not happen. Dude, vote for me. Just plea. Vote for me. Shiv vote for me. No. Yes. No. Shiv don't do this. No You can't do this. Shiv. No, no.


Absolutely not, man. Absolutely not. No whyy. No whyy. What? Just I love You I. Really? I love You. but it can't stomach You. This is disgusting. It doesn't even make any sense. I'm the eldest boy. I'm the eldest boy. You're not. and You know It. This It mattered to him. He wanted this to go on Such a great scene and I should mention that's Sarah Snu playing Shiv and Karen Kin playing Roman. What was That day like for You? That's such an intense scene and It ends up where you're actually kind of strangling Karen Kin's character.


So what, what is a day like That? How does That play out for You? It's such an emotional scene. I mean your character has said He. He's gonna die if He doesn't get to be CEO and, and and I Think He means It. I mean I think all his life is invested in taking over from his father. He always, always Since. Childhood believed He would do That. I haven't I haven't watched That or listened to It in a really long time. It's really affects me like I can feel It in my chest and in my body right now. How does It affect You? Like what are You feeling in addition to pain?


Probably just pain. You know It was a kind of volcanic day, right? and the stakes were so high both for me as an actor and for Kendall in his life. So of course You approach a day like That with a certain amount of, or I do dread and trepidation of just like Will It come Will. We clear the bar of what this writing demands and what what the potential for this is, which is really a kind of cataclysmic scene. So I wanna end with a song. There are two musical moments in Succession.


That really stand out. One was when you're practicing, you're kind of doing a sound check for your birthday party. That you've planned and it's a very elaborate, really ridiculous party That you've planned That doesn't work out well. Yeah, but what you're rehearsing or doing the sound check with the Billy Joel song, honesty for years and the song I wanna end with is L to the og. Right. Which my kids can now do a pretty good version of A good, so I I if I listen to It any more times. So Will I be able to, okay, so this is like the wrap That You do at your father's 50th anniversary of his business.


Yeah. The way You say L to the og, the way your voice raises on the og. Yeah, it's, it's like a question mark. Usually in hip hop there's a lot of assertion You know years and, and good and almost arrogance You know, like, this is who I am. Sure. So was That a choice to make It sound like a little like tentative No. and insecure like a question as opposed to like an exclamation No, it's interesting. You know back when I would go to some acting classes, people would always say, oh, I like the choice You made, or That's an interesting choice. I never ever experienced anything as a choice. I experienced It as an impulse.


and, and I've learned to trust those impulses. So that's just when I was trying out things in the car, trying to learn That rap in the back of a sedan on my way, on some road in Scotland that's just ended up feeling like the Best way to sing It. and so, so I just stuck with It. 'cause You know necessity is the mother of invention. and I had like two days to to, to be able to stand up there and do It and I didn't want anyone to hear It until the first take. So one thing I love about That scene is the look on my, on Kieran and Sarah and everybody's faces, which is just like incredible. It was like horror.


But that's because they'd never seen me do It until then. Oh. Like they were so That was a real reaction in part. Yeah, but that's the thing about film. You want It to be real, or at least I do. That's really funny. So one more question and then it, I'll let You go 'cause I've kept You a long time. but how did It feel to end your relationship with Kendall when the series ended? Did You feel liberated from him or did You miss him? To be honest, I've sort of just put It away. Like I put away all of these things. You know I have a stack of scripts in my office and it's like this stack of lives.


That. I've had That when they're over, they're over and You just put them away and I put It away because You know I have a life and children. and then it moved on to the Ipson play and That took up all of me. So You know I don't feel more of a kinship with That role than I do with any other role That I've ever played. Which might sound like a strange thing because I know it's the thing. That, I've become known most for You know one day maybe I'll watch It all back and sort of take in the magnitude of what It was. but I've probably had to protect myself from That because I don't think That That would serve me if That makes any sense.


You know. It's the, it's the Rudyard Kipling thing of like You have to treat success and and failure as imposters I. Find That You do your work You, give It everything. and then that's It. Like that's all You need to be involved with. So whether It becomes the biggest thing in the world, whether something wins at the Academy Award, that's not your concern. Your concern is to be all in when you're doing It. Well it's just been great to talk with You I admire your work so much. Thank You so much being on our show. Likewise. Yeah. It's so great to talk to You And, and, and let's end with L to the og.


Okay, so this is Jeremy Strong who stars as Rory Cone in the new movie, the Apprentice. and here's L to the og, which He sings in Succession. Thank You again. Thanks Terry. L to the OG dude, be the OG A and He playing, playing like a pro CL to the og dude, be the OG A and He playing, playing like a pro. Make some noise. A one ratings 80 K one. Never gonna stop baby Father time, bro. Don't get It twisted. I've been through hell, but Since She said, dad, I'm alive and well.


Shaper of dues, creator of dues, father of many paid all his dues. So don't try to run your mouth at the king, just puck her up and go kiss the ring L to the og dude, be the GA and He playing. Make some noise. When I, When Will Ferrell found out, That his close friend and former Saturday Night Live writing partner was coming out as a trans woman named Harper. Steele Farrell decided to make a documentary about this transitional period in their friendship. Early in the film, Will and Harper read the coming out letter Harper sent to Will in 2021 when Harper was 59.


Will reads first, Hey Will, something I need You to know. I'm old now and as ridiculous and unnecessary as It may seem to report, I'll be transitioning to live as a woman. In the last 10 years, I've been trying to understand what's going on. Tried to get rid of It over and over again throughout my life, and now I'm giving up the fight. When I was young, I thought all boys felt like me. then it thought maybe I'm just a weirdo. then it pushed It away for many years and ended up in therapy. It's a wonderful thing when your mind and body revolt against the unnatural despondent thing.


You become I Doubt being a trans woman. Will change my personality That much instead of an as. I'll be a I. Think it's made me a lot happier. I'd like to say my happiness translates to a bright, carefree future full of courage and confidence. but no such luck, I I carry self-doubt and fear around me like the comedian I've been my whole life. As their friendship journeys into new territory, the film follows Will and Harper on a cross country road trip from New York to California, alternating driving. They stop in places. That Harper used to go to before transitioning. That, she's now afraid may be unsafe for her to go alone as a trans woman.


Like a dive bar in Oklahoma and Indiana Pacer's basketball game and a steakhouse in Texas. Their new film, Will and Harper is streaming on Netflix. The two met in 1995 when they both started working at Saturday Night Live. Harper stayed until 2008 and spent the final for years as head writer. After That She moved to the comedy website and production company, funny or Die, which was founded by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay Farrell left SNL in 2002, He starred in such films as Anchorman Talladega Knights and Blades of Glory. He was an executive producer of HBO's Succession Will Ferrell.


Harper Steele. Welcome to Fresh Air. I really liked the movie and I I feel like I got to know You Harper in the film. So I'm glad You shared your story and I'm glad Will That You shared your friendship together. So Harper, what made You think It was the right time to come out to friends? Well, It wasn't a decision about right timing. It was a decision about living in misery and not wanting to do That anymore. So It just took me a long time to, to finally give up. and, and, and I do think of It as a giving up I I just collapsed into myself and found the other side and it's been so much better.


Right. Well, what was your reaction when You got That letter? and I'm even wondering, and excuse me if this sounds weird, I'm even wondering if You thought It was a joke at first. You know if You were That unprepared Years, right? No, de definitely because, Because Harper is a comedy writer. No, definitely Unprepared It was a complete surprise. Knowing Harper for as long as I did, knowing her dead self That was a, an expertly acted role for all those years because It was so convincing. That, I, I, I didn't see It coming. and then, then You fall back on, whoa, what do I do?


Ah, what's the right thing to say? How should I say It and I just wanted to respond quickly and say, oh my God, this is wonderful. Wow. Congrats and can't wait to see You in person. Which which took a little while. You know, You mentioned That. You felt Harper had been playing a role, and I was wondering You know Harper in your years on Saturday Night Live, all the actors were playing roles. They were all in like sketch comedy, playing a different role each week or doing their own recurring characters. Did You feel in those years, That You were playing a role too, but You weren't on stage. You were playing your role in real life. Yeah. I mean I always felt That way. I don't like to turn these things into black and white.


Harper Steele has been with me. Since I was born. So I was at SNL as myself, Harper Steele. and yes, there's a protective You know armor around That. That was the role That I played. and I don't even hate the role. I just It just was just sort of probably my survival instincts. Unconscious, maybe even Will. When You were first getting to know your old friend as Harper, did You worry That You would like use the wrong language or accidentally misgender her because You were so used to your friend having a different name and a different gender publicly.


You know. Yes. The public facing version, sure. Yes. I mean That was all part of the learning curve. and, and I'm sure when we Saatva down in our, in my backyard to have a cup of coffee, I probably misgendered You accidentally in That That hour and a half That, we Saatva down. and Harper was You know, just made It really clear. That like, don't worry about It like You know. Like, I'm glad That, you're recognizing It and, and, and correct the moment as, as well as You can. but it's, it's gonna take some time and to You know, be cognizant of It, but at the same time, don't be too hard on yourself and That my heart's in the right place with all of, but You know after us spending time, after really getting to be around Harper, That becomes very easy.


It It I mean It becomes very easy to use the right, right pronouns, I think Harper, right? You've, you've, everyone in your life has gone through this Oh years, this kind of, I've gone through It for years. I've gone through It I mean You know I think as a stock phrase. I used. I used. I'm not the kind of guy who does That That stock freeze is automatic. and so yeah, I I misgender myself. and when It comes to friends I sort of feel out the situation. If people are misgendering me and it's annoying me, then it correct them. If it's friends I correct them in my funny way and You know. but it don't, like my friends That feel on edge around me talking about my transition or talking about who I am.


Now I I don't want them to feel That. So I, I'm not interested in nailing everyone around me. What's happened with me though, as I've, as I've become more comfortable with It and it's become second nature, I've found I found a certain vigilance when we're out together and someone by chance does misgender Harper, I'm immediate like Uhuh. Uhuh, excuse me. No, I've got a good ally. Here now. She her. Okay. Oh, for years, sorry, sorry, sorry. So I, find myself, I'm like almost I almost get now irritable with It.


My guess are Will Ferrell and Harper Steele. Their new documentary called Will and Harper is streaming on Netflix. We'll hear more of our conversation after a break. This is Fresh Air weekend.


The following message comes from NPR sponsor, Ameriprise Financial SVP. Marcy Keer shares how clients can benefit from meeting with the financial advisor. Having A conversation with an Ameriprise financial advisor can provide You with a fresh perspective and personalized goal-based financial advice to help You objectively take a fresh look at your financial situation. For more information and important disclosures, visit ameriprise.com/advice. Securities offered by Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC, member of Finra and s I PC.


This message comes from Better Help. Can You think of a time when You didn't feel like You could be yourself. Like You, were hiding behind a mask. Better Help Online Therapy is convenient, flexible, and can help You learn to be your authentic self. So You can take off the mask because masks should be for Halloween fun, not for your emotions. Visit better help.com/npr Today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HE p.com/ NPR.


This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm m Terry Gross. Let's get back to my interview with Will Ferrell and Harper Steele. They first met in 1995 when Will became a cast member of Saturday Night Live, and Harper became a writer on the show. They collaborated on sketches and became close friends. Their new Netflix documentary, Will and Harper as about their road trip together after Harper came out as a trans woman in 2021. In the film, You both go to some places, That, you'd feel comfortable in Harper before your transition. but You were kind of afraid to go to by yourself after transition. and part of the concept of the movie is That.


You're gonna do this road trip together and together you'll go to those uncomfortable places. So That You get a sense of can I be Here without being like targeted or humiliated? and, and be You know and just be myself. and It seems like You know, judging from the movie That, the places You used to go to before transitioning we're really the kind of like You know bro, or really like You know masculine, You know, like hyper male kind of places like dive bars and yep. Stock car races, truck stops. What attracted You to those kinds of places before transitioning? Well, they're, they're beautiful places, wonderful places where all kinds of humanity, all kinds of Americans exist and I love them.


Now as much as I did, then it mean, yeah, I did this. I grew up in the Midwest, I, this, these are homes to me. These are my people. So what's It like going to those places? Recognizably as a woman, you're out. Well, It's always a little bit more fraught and I. Don't know if it's because I am a woman or if it's because I'm a trans woman. I can't quite discern That at this point. and I know when going to a car dealership. It's because I'm a woman. They don't talk to me the same way. They don't think I know anything about cars. but no, I'm joking.


It's, it's Maybe you're not. Yeah, no, I'm not joking about That. That's a real thing. I'm just saying for years, I. but, but no I, I. This all gets a little muddy for me because one, everyone should know That. When You cross the country with a camera crew and Will Ferrell, this is not a normal trans experience. and on top of It, I have a lot of privilege and, and I have the ability to get in a car and get the heck outta places. So it's not a normal trans experience. That, I experienced. Now I did go back and forth across the country twice Since the film because I do That and I like That and I have, yeah, I have more confidence walking into these places.


Now, certain places and I, assume You know this, Terry being a woman are not fun to go in at 11 o'clock at night. You know alone as a woman. So I probably am more cautious now for sure. And You mentioned That. You were in a unique situation traveling with Will Farrell a very recognizable star of stage and screen. Mm. Thank You and I appreciate the stage and post and yes, yes, He's over there floating on Air. and now I love It. But You know it's not only That You were there with Will Ferrell. It's Also That. There was a camera crew there with You. Yeah. and, and Will Ferrell would sometimes dress up in costumes, for instance as Sherlock Holmes.


So You were doing everything possible to call attention to yourselves, particularly Will Ferrell. but while at the same time trying to figure out what It would be like to You for You to go to these kinds of places. but it was such an unnatural way of doing That. and I'm wondering Whyy You wanted her to do It in That kind of way. Well, because the film is not really about as a trans woman crossing the country by herself. It's about two friends and how they're navigating a friendship. So I was just looking at this Will be an interesting way to have a conversation about this subject with someone That I care about It Was Also a look inside to the way we like to entertain each other?


Yeah. and the way we, we would have done a road trip even without cameras, I would've brought my Sherlock Holmes costume. Oh, for sure. Oh absolutely. Yeah. To get my friend to laugh as You know a callback to things we've done in the past. So It was, It was Also representative That One of the places You Go I mean the place You go into in the movie with the Sherlock Holmes costume is a steakhouse in Texas. and if I understand correctly, You get this like You see the plate of steak on camera? It's the steak is kind of overlapping the plate. It's so big. Yes. 72 ounces of steak. Yeah. and You have like 60 minutes to eat It and then they come and take away the plate.


Not, well, there's some fine prints in there. Oh, okay. You have to eat the steak and a baked potato and two little weird fried shrimps and I think some broccoli. So it's not just the steak you've gotta eat down all of That in 60 minutes. And, and so, well anyways, I don't know Whyy, anybody would wanna do That, but no I I agree. but Yeah, You go there and the Sherlock Holmes You know with Will and the Sherlock Holmes Quest costume and things don't go well. Harper Would You describe what happened and your reaction to It? Well, this was a negative consequences of traveling around the country with Will Ferrell because the room sort of crowded in on us.


A lot of photographs, a lot of cameras right in our faces, mainly Will's face. and I started to feel a little bit judged in the room. It's a feeling if you're trans, when people are looking at You, and again, I don't know if everyone in That room was judging me the way That I felt. They might've been saying, I'm happy to see a trans person Here in Amarillo. I, I I. Can't say That for sure, but later we do see a lot of tweets is That what they're still called I. Dunno what they're called. but we see exes, exes, we see a lot of exes That people wrote about the experience and Yeah.


What I felt was what was there. And Will You felt really guilty afterwards because It was an unpleasant experience for Harper. and, and You actually teared up. Yeah. I felt kind of ashamed a little bit. This was just supposed to be a silly stop along our way. and, and another You know another piece of Americana and I just carried a little bit of the guilt and the burden of like, WHYY Whyy did we even go in there? There was no need to. and I subjected my friend to You know this ridicule and, and scorn That was, we, we didn't, we just didn't need to go there.


and, and yet I think it's a powerful part of the film. So in hindsight, It turned out to be kind of valuable for me to feel That and to to see That That kind of hate does does exist out there You know for, for the trans community. So at one point, You go to a, a dirt track race, a a kind of car race. Yeah. and on the way out, Harper You say, I'm not afraid of these people. I'm afraid of hating myself. and then You tear up in the car as you're, you're talking to Will and Will I think, if I'm remembering correctly, what You do is You know kind of try to, to let Harper know That You understand and to try to comfort her.


So like You rub her shoulder. Yeah. As You sit next to each other in the car. and I was thinking, and this, this might be a strange question, and I hope it's not an inappropriate one, but it think it's often really awkward when a man and a woman, when one tries to comfort the other when they're good friends and there's nothing sexual about the relationship. Ti do You know? Well, I She said it's a uncomfortable, weird question, but Yes, exactly. but, but it mean there isn't, There isn't by The way. but, but when there is nothing sexual and You don't want to have the other person misinterpret It, even though You might wanna hug them to console them, You may be uncomfortable doing It.


So, and I, I'm wondering You know You each get a chance to tear up in the movie. and I'm wondering if You were kind of self-conscious about h how can I physically comfort the other person without either of us feeling uncomfortable or giving the wrong impression? Well, I think with any human, that's the navigation. You know friends, I'm not talking about random hugging, I'm talking about friends. but Will has pointed out many times, That, before I transitioned, hugging was not in the equation for years. It was, I would, I would purposely, Will would hug me, knowing That I would go stiff as a board and, and just hate It.


and now I'm a hugger. So I Will accept all hugs from good friends between men and women, between You know anyone, there's a comradery hug, That That can happen. and that's what I felt. I felt That arm on my shoulder. I'm sure. and I felt It. It has meaning. It's it's touch, it's it's I care about You. and that's You know. That's wonderful. Yeah. and, and I I. Don't know if this answers your question, Terry, but in That moment I'm navigating It as well and trying Yeah. Trying to, trying to comfort my friend. At the same time, if I had reached over and I, and I'm not, I'm, I'm not saying you're suggesting this, but if I had reached over and given her a bear hug and said it's gonna be okay, like That That Would've been fantastic.


Well, I guess would've, That would've been awful. I go. and so I'm like, no, I need to let my friend feel this I need to, to just be there and, and, and not say a word. It. It wasn't my place. and I think That Pat on the shoulder is just like, wow, buddy, we just experienced something Here. Yeah. and, and It It was powerful. Harper when You decided That You were just gonna do It and transition. What kind of woman did You want to be? Just in terms of how You wanted to look and, and what You know there, there's such a, a broad range of what It is to be a woman.


You know there's women who are very kind of what would be described as feminine and women who are very, what would be described as masculine. and it's a huge scale of, of visual styles, of voices, of ways of being in the world. That's a very strange question to me because I came out as me. I don't know what That means in terms of what It means to be a certain kind of woman. I am a woman. I came out. I acknowledge That I again, I It It It It overpowered me the way It was supposed to 'cause nature wins.


and I am female I. Look at fashion and I look at clothing and I go, wow, I want That or I want That. but it don't look at types of women and say, I want to be That type of woman. I mean we all like cool people. but, but no, That never entered my mind. In fact, the question to me is a little, it's not, it's not a dated question. I, I'm not, I'm not accusing You of That. The question to me is just so foreign to me because I didn't have a, like a, a mapping of femininity for me. I just was feeling who I am and I'm still That person.


I I'm sorry if the question was offensive, but I'm kind of glad I asked It. 'cause your answer was so good. and I think it's a very, Oh no, It wasn't it's Offensive Question. Very informative answer. No, I I hope I didn't make It sound like It was an offensive question. It's just I. I'm sure other trans people might want to answer That differently. So, and we are not a monolith for sure. So yeah, but that's how I answered. It You Also say Harper That. The more makeup You wear the worse You feel about your face. and You say the, the quote prettier I get the more I See my flaws. Yeah. It's making me self aware of my very masculine face. Yeah. So where has That left You in terms of You know wearing makeup or not?


and, and, and and how much I love makeup. Much You want to care about Your face? No I love makeup. I'm just not a perfect at It yet. and again, what human is not fluid in the way That, they see themselves. What, what, what human is not like always maybe working on to look better, to lose weight, to, to feel better about their bodies and feel better about themselves. That's, I'm on a similar trajectory. Transitioning does make It a little more I. Don't know hyper aware of, of, of how you're wanting to look and how You want to be in the world.


but yeah, I mean dysphoria is real. I was unfortunately born and You know was assigned male at birth. and so yeah, I, I've had to deal with That, but, but it's true. but You don't know how many Terry You don't know how many women have walked up to me and said, oh yeah, that's exactly how I feel. You know. You know what I think. I think That the whole body positivity movement has not acknowledged Faces like faces are totally not about body positivity. People, people have plastic surgery.


You have to undergo the knife to feel like You have an acceptable face. Aging is not something you're supposed to show on your face wrinkles or taboo. If You can afford It, that's what people do. and I wonder if You have any thoughts about That, about body positivity? Not encompassing faces, especially aging faces. Hollywood and the W business That I work in, we value faces somehow. Will Ferrell slipped through Somehow. Somehow. but we do That. But I'm gonna get some work done after This. Okay. Good. Good. years I just made up my mind. Pressure. I just Made up my mind right now.


We value, we value faces. and so I like the middle of the country because it's me. It's there's, there's people out there like real people. Will. Do You have any thoughts about That as You get older? Well, men are, men are lucky and That You know You Can be ugly. You we can be ugly can be ugly. and we can, we can look distinguished all of a sudden. That's true. Yeah. You know. true. That's true. but no I, I You know it's funny, I, I, I'm I, I'm in comedy, so it's not critical for me to worry about That, but it's not my nature anyway.


and in fact, I I remember giving, doing a q and A somewhere. and one of the questions from the audience was, WHYY are your whyy are your eyebrows? So white She said, because I have gray hair. It's called the Aging Process. Will, how do You think You were changed by the experience of this road trip. You know You get an email from a friend announcing this kind of dramatic news. and I didn't really stop to think how much, how much pain, how much anguish there was to get to That point.


How, how much thought It took to write That email and yeah, just, just Harper and I going around visiting her You know her sister in Iowa. You know the part where she's looking through photographs and uncovering this story. That, this was, this was something That obviously was, was a part of her this whole time. and the sadness of her kind of putting It aside, kind of squashing It down. but then the courage That It took to, to get to That point where She was like, enough, I'm not gonna, I'm gonna give up the fight.


and yeah, I just I just learned how incredibly strong She is. How articulate She is. She's always made me laugh. and I knew she's a smart person, but ha ha. but not That smart. No way. but we'd have these conversations. It's on tape. It's on tape for years. It's on tape. It's on tape. and a lot of people have come up to us just saying, it's just nice to see friends stick up for each other. I think that's what we're most proud of. Yeah. About this whole thing. Yeah. And making Will laugh. That's, that's, if I can make Will laugh, then job well done.


It's been great to talk to You both. Congratulations on the movie and thank You so much. Oh, thank You. Thanks Harry. Thank You, thank You, Will Ferrell and Harper. Steele's new movie, Will and Harper about their road trip together and their friendship is streaming on Netflix. Fresh Air weekend is produced by Theresa Madden. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller, our technical director as Audrey Bentham, our engineer as Adam Chesky. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm m Terry. Gross.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill, whatever your financial goals are. You want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work That way. Merrill understands That. That's whyy with a dedicated Merrill advisor. You, get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would You like The power to do investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor member S I PC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, You want a straightforward path there. but the real world doesn't usually work. That way. Merrill understands That. That's whyy. With a dedicated Merrill advisor, You, get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would You like The power to do investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member S I, PC.