
Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels with over 300 independent hotels around the world. Each exactly like nothing else. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of hotel brands. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


From WHYY in Philadelphia. I'm m Tanya Moseley with Fresh Air weekend. Today, Alex Van Halen. He's written a new memoir about forming the rock band. Van Halen with his brother Eddie, who died of cancer in 2020. It takes readers from their childhood discovering music through their jazz musician, father to the wild ride of sex, drugs, and rock and roll, including some close calls on stage during their performance. Antics like setting Alex's drum sets on fire. We kind of gotten it down to a science, and as we're doing it during the performance, the lighter fluid starts to come down my arm, and then I look over and I notice my arm's on fire.


Also, artist Titus Kafa joins me to discuss his new movie based on his life. It's about a celebrated painter whose world unravels when his estranged father, a recovering addict. Suddenly Reappears and Carolina Miranda reviews the new Netflix film, Pedro Paramo. That's coming up on Fresh Air Weekend.


Support for this message comes from Sony Pictures presenting the new movie here, reuniting the director, writer and stars of Forrest Gump. Here is an original film about multiple families and a special place they inhabit from Visionary Director Robert Zaki, Tom Hanks, and Robin Wright Star in this tale of love, loss, laughter, and life, all of which happen right here, here is now playing exclusively in theaters.


This message comes from Apple Card. If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high-yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels offering over 300 independent hotels around the world, each exactly like nothing else, hand selected for their inherent craft. Each hotel tells its own unique story through distinctive design and immersive experiences. From medieval falconry to volcanic wine tasting. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of over 30 hotel brands around the world. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This message comes from DS W. Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm m Tanya Moseley, and my first guest today is Alex Van Halen of the iconic band. Van Halen Jump was Van Halen's biggest hit, and it became an anthem when it came out in 1983. Even though a record executive once said, it sounded like the kind of music you'd hear between baseball innings, Alex Van Halen shares this story in his new memoir, brothers, which he wrote after the loss of his younger brother Eddie, who died of cancer in 2020, known for their extravagant high energy performances.


Van Halen is credited with being one of the most influential rock bands of all time. The book covers the first three decades of Eddie and Alex's music career, which started from their Arrivalist kids to the United States from the Netherlands, the influence of their father, who was a Dutch jazz musician, and the formation of the rock band. In 1974, after meeting vocalist David Lee Roth and bassist Michael Anthony, but most importantly brothers, is a love letter to the music they created. And Eddie, who has been called for decades, one of the greatest guitarists of all time. Van Halen disbanded after Eddie died in 2020. But throughout their run, van Halen produced 12 studio albums, two live records, and 56 singles.


They were included in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2007. Alex Van Halen, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you for having me, Alex. This was a beautiful read and I feel like there is no better way to ground this conversation than to start at the beginning of this book, because the way you write is so poetic and the way that both you and Ed talk about your relationship, which you use his words in this book, really gives us a grounding and I wanna read just this first, this first piece that you have on the very first page.


It says, without my brother, I would not be, we fight, argue, we even argue about agreeing on things, but there is a bond and unconditional love that very few people ever experience in their lifetime. We're not a rock band, we're a rock and roll band. Alex is the Rock, I'm the role. And that was your brother. He wrote that about the two of you. Did he write it or did he say that at one time? I'm not quite sure, but when, when I hear it, even though I've heard it a hundred times, when I hear it again, it brings a, a lump to my throat. We, we literally were yin and yang with the, the, the two halves of a hole.


However, it's been characterized and it made, it made the, when that says that even we fight when we argue Yeah, sure. And my way, no, your way, no both ways. It, it, it bled into everything we did, whether it was writing songs, even though Ed did the majority of the music, you know, we all had a hand into bending in twisting it the way that we felt appropriate for what we were doing. Meaning that, you know, you can't have a nine minute song on your first record. Well, you can, but it doesn't serve you well. So the constant juggling and adapting, and I wouldn't call it compromising, but blending is really the word that I'm looking for.


It's kinda like making a soup. All those things kind of come together. And then you, you, you walk away at the end of the day with something that you say, okay, this is pretty good. Let's see what happens tomorrow. Because we left, we left a lot unfinished. You left a lot unfinished. You spent your whole lives together. You're basically like twins 20 months apart. Yeah. How much of the music did you listen to while writing this book? I'll be honest with you, man, I, I, I went through a lot of emotional issues, but I, I, I basically had PTSD when he, when he passed, I didn't know what, why I was yelling and screaming at people, and I was borderline violent.


I didn't hit anybody. I don't hurt anybody. I'm too old for that. But the feelings of frustration and inexcusable way of behaving to my closest friends and my family was, it was all wrong, you know? So I sought it help and found out what it was. Yeah. It was the, the pain of the loss. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's indescribable. You know, I, I had the, the pleasure and the good fortune of being close friends with the Piro family, and Steve lost a, a couple of members. He lost two brothers. So, after, Can you, I'm sorry, can you reference who the Piro family is?


Just so will have those who don't know. Well, they were probably the most famous studio musicians and later made a band called Toto. I, I just thought I, I talked to Steve. You shouldn't have called it Toto. What should he have called it? Yeah. I don't know. Well, but the thing is about, it's not really named after Little Dog. The original name was for End Toto, which means, in total, they were a band that did things in total, that was the Italian version of it. But anyway, so I, I went to visit him 'cause I really, I, I really didn't know where to, who to talk to, who I could relate to.


It's difficult to find people your own age and your own musical history and background that I can, you can communicate with. So I was talking with Steve. I'm laughing because the punchline was at the very end. I leave and I'm maybe 15 minutes out from his house, and he calls me and he says, Hey, Al, I just realized I never dealt with any of it. Mm. Which I found profound because of, indirectly because of Ed and my problem. He, he finally would admit that he, you know, it's not done yet. And that's, that's really what it is. You're never gonna be rid of it. There's gonna be memories. There's gonna be people, there's gonna be instances that, whether it's smells or food or places where you've been together before.


And, you know, and obviously every time I hear some of our music, that puts me right back there. Yeah. And that helped you in the writing of this book. But that was such a painful place to be. Yes. Because that is, that is the basis, that's the core of you and your brother's relationship. Yeah. It was fun to read about your origin story because it allows us to see how the two of you saw yourselves. Because at, at your core, you guys always seem to see yourselves really as immigrant children from the Netherlands who fulfilled this American dream. Is it really true that you didn't even know English when you arrived in the States? That's true. I'm trying to, you know, coming to America was such an overload, sensual overload of colors and smells, and the weather was different and the people were different and the cars were huge compared to what we had in Holland.


It was a lot to take in. But I kind of, I kind of rode the wave, so to speak. You know, ed was very, very sensitive in that, in that way, if not always. So it was a good mix between the two of us. I kind of plowed ahead and then Ed would, would analyze or, or be overwhelmed by things. But, you know, it was, it was a different time. It was 1962, I think it was the Moment. Yeah. You were eight and he was six. Yes. With your mom being Indonesian and your father being Dutch, right. They were an interracial couple. And you were mixed race children. Yes.


Why did your parents choose to come to the United States? What were they fleeing from? There was a lot of political turmoil in Indonesia, and to put it simply, they didn't want the, they wanted to be free of the colonial power structure. And they saw my dad as part of that because he was Caucasian. Our parents were already married, so the best thing that they could do, they thought rather than live in, in the middle of someplace with the conflict, where you really are, the, the, the Caucasian people really were a minor minority at that time in Indonesia, even though they were the ruling class, they moved to Holland.


It is my dad's home country. And there the, she was on the other foot, you know? Now, now my mom is the minority and she's easily identifiable. You know, I'm laughing because, you know, it's absurd what people do on this planet, but that's another story. So they, they moved to Holland and he was really, really got the brunt of racism, you know, all the time. It was, even as children, we saw it happen. But, you know, it's, you can, you can look back on it depending on how you, how you navigate it. It could be a positive, it could be a negative. I never, it never really affected me as, as much as it did ed. It, it can either make you tougher or it can make you hate people or angry.


I never had any of that. You know, I, as a musician, you welcome everybody. Why would you, why would you cut your audience, you know, let everybody come in. Let's go play. What was their cho what was the choice for them moving to the United States? Was it because of what they were experiencing in Holland around Yes. their relationship At that time, my mother had a sister who lived in a, a city called Pasadena, and she kept sending letters and all these different communications of how wonderful it was. And the weather is great. It's just like Indonesia.


Oranges are a penny a piece, which is unheard. You know, in, in Holland you don't really get oranges. You get 'em once in a while and they, they ship them from Spain and they come elaborately wrapped. It's a big ordeal. But that aside, so oranges for a penny a piece was very attractive for my mom. And, and, and us too, as, as well. How did your parents meet? The way my mom explained it to me was he, he showed up on his motorcycle and he, he didn't have any underwear on. Wow, That's a love story. You know, those kind of stories. Little humor, I think, because, you know, living in those times was very, things were not secure.


The second world war had just ended, and now everything's had for another conflict and another disagreement. And, you know, God only knows what's gonna happen. So, but my mom came from a very wealthy family in Indonesia. They owned a, a bit of a railroad piece or something, and they, they were higher up the, the food chain. But to my mom being working in an office and wearing a suit and a tie, nothing was higher than that. In her, in her ambition and for our whole life, that's all she ever asked was, Alex Edward, please wear a suit. She had you guys playing classical music.


Classical music was in the house 24 7. That, and military marches, because my dad had to get a, to be able to work in, in Holland, he had to join the Air Force, so they would do the dignitary marches and all that. But yeah, basically it was, as a musician, you know, you, you have to, you have to look for opportunity and every musician knows that you, and you make do with what you got. But being, being in the military was, I think very indirectly was very much involved with how we were brought up, being strict with the kids.


There was no question about it. You know, you do it or you, you're gonna get your ass beat and, and they will never beat us a lot, but just enough to, Just enough to get you in line. Bingo. You know, it was very normal. Corporal punishment was very typical at that time. Let's take a short break if you're just joining us, my guest is Alex Van Halen. We're talking about his new memoir about his life and his brother Eddie in the formation of Van Halen. We'll continue after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air weekend.


This message comes from better Health. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with Better Help. try@betterhelp.com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from Boland Branch. Start getting your best sleep with the softest, most luxurious bedding from Boland Branch. Feel the difference for yourself during their biggest sales of the entire year. Head to bolland branch.com. Limited time only exclusions apply. See site for details.


This message comes from NPR sponsors Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow, sell without needing to code or design. Just bring your best ideas and Shopify will help you. Open up shop, sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm m m Tanya Moseley. Let's get back to my interview with Alex. Van Halen from the Rock Band Van Halen. He's written a new memoir that covers the first three decades of the Van Halen brothers journey in music, their childhood in the Netherlands, and later in working class Pasadena, California meeting in working with Front Man David Lee Roth and the creation of the Van Halen sound. The book is also a love letter from Alex to his younger brother Eddie, who died in 2020. Hot for Teacher was a song from your album 1984. It's one of Rolling Stone magazines. It was on their list saying that this was the album that brought Van Halen's talent into focus.


Let's play a little of Hot for Teacher.


Oh, wow, man. That's, wait a second, man. What do you think a teacher's gonna look like? This here? That was Van Halen's hot for teacher from the album 1984. Also, humor is a big part of your act. I wanted to say that. I mean, I know absolutely. We've been talking about it not being an act, it's who you are, but Yes. Yes. But this album overall was pioneering because there's a lot of synth, which was a new sound back then.


Yes. And we, we, we were always looking for the next, what, what what's around the corner. And we've, we heard a lot of synthesizer music. It was all this progressive rock stuff, you know, whether it was Maha Vishnu or Billy Coum, and there were a number of people who used that sound quality, if you will, because I hate to use the word synthesizer. 'cause if it conjures up a certain image of certain things, when you juxtapose that over a very simple pattern of something else, it does become something else. I know I'm talking in lit in riddles, but that's what music is. It's a big riddle. Try to figure it out. Well, This song, which came first, the melody or the beat Ed and I played so much all the time.


It's hard to remember who, I think it was probably Ed who came up with the guitar leg. How did you, you get the idea to set your drums on fire as part of your act? There were a number of people at that time who tried different versions of it. I've always been fascinated by fire because for, for me, fire represents the, the, the temporary, the temporariness, is that a word? The the only the moment counts. I mean, the flame is there and poof, it's gone. So is life. Right. So to me, that represented that. And there was an element of danger because we did it on such an amateur level that any given night when we did it, if my, if my drum tech Greg, an old buddy of mine, if if he put too much, too much stuff on it, it would leak.


And there were several times when, What do you mean by stuff? Like Yes. Oh yeah. Lighter fluid. Yeah, lighter fluid. Lighter fluid. Yeah. My favorite memory of, of all of that was we kind of got it down to a science. And as we're doing it during the performance, the lighter fluid starts to come down my arm, and then I look over and I notice my arm's on fire. So I'm thinking that that can't be good. Right. So I look at Greg, who's, you know, suppo in theory, he's there with a fire extinguisher. So he can, so I look at him and he's looking at me and he gives, he gives me the thumbs up. Looks great, man.


I'll never forget that as long as I live, Greg, I love you. But man, put that damn fire. Wait, did he, do you have burns? What's going on? Yes. Right. Yeah. Did you have Yeah. Yeah, we had, but it was very low dig. You know, we just used lighter fluid and, and you, you put a match to it and poof, there it goes. It's very uncontrollable. You're taking a risk every night. But, you know, we were young, so it's okay. All right. I just want, did you end up having to get new drum sets every time? I mean, how did that work? No, actually, it wasn't until the end of the tour I got slapped with like, I don't know how much all the microphones and the chords were fried, and nobody told me that when we were doing it, the drum, the drum set itself was out, was made outta stainless steel.


Ludwig was very accommodating. They made a stainless steel drum cut for me. It wasn't the only one, but they, they, they gave it to me. And though, but it, it really goes to show you how at that age, you know, you don't really, the stuff doesn't really register in your brain. It, it turns out that the average male brain does not completely mature until the age of 27. I'm still waiting. You you watched Spinal Tap, right? Oh yeah. Yeah. That wasn't funny at all. That was a real idea. Was it? Well, and I, ed and I saw it and we said, now that's, that's how, that's what we experience. That is really how things happen.


It's, it's mind bending. You know, the public doesn't really have any idea what goes on behind the scenes. And I'm certainly not gonna burst the bubble. But that movie, there were a lot of elements that were more true than they were parody. And of course, then they believed their own stuff and they went out and toured for the Right, right, right. That was the ironic part. You and Eddie famously for a long time, never recorded any music without each other until a request from Quincy Jones. Yes. For a little known song. Call Beat it. Let's listen.


That was a solo Eddie did on the Iconic song, beat It by Michael Jackson and Alex, I think it was on the charts the same time as 1984, if I'm not Yeah, yeah, yeah. Was why do you think, yeah, why do you think Eddie win and did that without consulting you guys? If I remember he did consult and we said, no, but that's, you know, what, what are you gonna do? I'm not gonna make something. We really did not overthink anything, but I did want to kick his ass. You know what, why, why? Our our because our model was basically Led Zeppelin, the way that they structured their business, the way they structured, how they played, who they played with, led Zeppelin was led up. You couldn't get, you couldn't get Jimmy Page anywhere else.


You can only get him a Led Zeppelin come to the show. That's it. You don't get him with Michael Jackson. You don't get him with so and so. But Ed violated that. And it started a whole cascade of this bad, bad vibes and I. It was the beginning of the end Yes. For you guys. Yes. but A unit. But in all fairness, it really was not the single thing, because the, there were things were already starting to unravel when we, when we named the album 1984. It had nothing to do with the year. It had to do with George Orwell and the dystopia of what was going on. This band was so fractured, you know, we barely, we barely ever played together anymore. And unfortunately, MTV became the predominant way of conveying all this.


And Dave being the visual guy, naturally opted for more visual stuff. I don't blame him for any of it, but, you know, it's just too bad. 'cause we were on, we were on the cusp of something really, Really big Ed going and doing this song with Michael Jackson. If you guys had always said you wanted to be led Zeppelin, what do you think it was that made him say, I wanna do this anyway? I don't know. There's some, some, some aspects of as behavior are, are even, even to me a mystery. I just have to say to you, Alex, it also opened up another world to you guys. Not really. I mean, I'm a little black girl in Detroit, hearing that little solo from Van Halen. Yeah. And it introduced me to you.


That was, that was the argument that a couple other people make. But I'll tell you, I I don't buy my, my suggestion would've been put Michael on our record. Okay. Then you got something. And people will say, oh, you outta your mind. Well, you can have guest people on your records, but am I angry? Of course not. You know, that's just, that's just posturing. That's what you do to, to your brother and your, and your band mates. You know? No, nobody fights better than friends. Hmm. Alex Van Halen. This was such a pleasure. Thank you so much. It was my pleasure. Alex Van Halen is a founding member of the Rock Band Van Halen. His new memoir is called Brothers.


In 1955, Mexican novelist, Juan Rufo published a slim novel called Pedro Paramo about a man who goes in search of a father he's never met, only to discover that his father is dead and ghosts haunt the village. He inhabited. Pedro Paramo changed the course of Latin American literature. Among the writers, it influenced was a young magical realist by the name of Gabriel Garcia Marquez, who went on to write 100 years of solitude. And who once declared that Rufo was as enduring esophagus. On November 6th, a new movie inspired by the novel premieres on Netflix contributor Carolina.


Miranda had a look to see how this cinematic interpretation holds up against UFO's. Timeless book, Pedro Baron is, is not the sort of novel that's easy to turn into a movie, the plot, what there is of it meanders constantly. Perspectives shift. The narrative jumps back and forth in time, strange things happen. And as you sink into the story, it can be impossible to tell what's waking life and what might be a dream. The novel is also hard to make into a movie because it's iconic. Practically every school kid in Mexico reads it. And every student of Latin American literature has wrestled with its ruminations on betrayal, power and death.


Rodrigo Pieto and Oscar nominated cinematographer from Mexico, whose past projects include killers of the flower, moon, has brave chosen Pedro Paramo as the subject of his first feature film. The story kicks off as Juan Preciado arrives in the village of Kamala to look for his father, a prominent landowner in the film's opening scene, a camera plunges the viewer into a hole in the earth. As we hear Preciado deliver the novels, opening lines, lines so famous, many Spanish speakers can recite them by heart.


I came Tomala, he says, because I was told my father lived here, a man named Pedro Paramo. But as Preciado enters Kamala, he discovers that the lush settlement his mother had once described no longer exists. The town is abandoned. It's crumbling. Adobe houses occupied by the ghosts of his father's ruthless past in the role of Preciado, is the Notta best known for playing the ocean dwelling namo in the Black Panther sequel Wakanda forever. His performance in Pedro Paramo is far more restrained as his character is led by one ghost and then another. Ever deeper into Kamala, CIA learns about his father's casual brutality, as well as the other children he'd fathered and even loved.


The actor conveys these painful discoveries and flashes of quiet, hurt and bewilderment. As in the novel about Midway through the film, the narrative shifts its primary focus from son to father charting para's rise as a landowner during the years of the Mexican Revolution. Paramo murders his adversaries and takes their land. He treats the town's women like a personal harem. He knows he can disobey the law because in this corner of Mexico, he is the law. What laws he asks will make the laws ourselves starring is Paramo.


Is Manuel Garcia Rufo, a Mexican actor known for playing the title role on the Netflix series, the Lincoln Lawyer, born in Guadalajara Garcia. Rufo also happens to be a distant relative of the book's author. And to the character he brings the spoken cadences of Western Mexico, where the novel is set, but the actor's approachable. Good looks don't always jive with the merciless rancher described in the book, the Bigger Challenge facing any director who tackles Pedro Paramo is constructing a believable world to read. The novel is to get the sensation that you are being told a story by ghosts, as if you're hearing voices fade in and out.


The author conveys the strange and terrible events in matter of fact, ways he doesn't sensationalize or overdo the suspense. Capturing the sensibility on film however, can be difficult. And it's why it's been a challenge to translate Pedro Paramo as well as other novels by magical realists into movie form. The literature has a very restrained approach to the extraordinary onscreen. However, things like violence can come off as lurid and apparitions can feel hokey. But yet, those film, for the most part presents a convincing world. His transitions between past and present and life and death are seamless.


Bleak scenes are portrayed with otherworldly beauty and sound, which Rufo describes with great care in. The novel is used in interesting ways. At one moment, we hear the world through the partially deaf ears of an old mule driver. In another, we are immersed in the echoes of kamala's empty streets. The movie, however, has its awkward moments. A scene that involves a woman who turns into mud feels like an intrusion of CGI in early 20th century Mexico.


And the same goes for a key death scene of which I won't say more so as not to give away plot. PTOs film is one of several inspired by UL's novel. A version from 1967 was more melodramatic. Another released in 1977 had a stripped down spaghetti western vibe. Britos version adheres most closely to Rufus text. And that can hamper the film's pacing the frequent jumps between time periods, which give the book its sense of disorientation, become repetitive and extra confusing on screen, though ultimately being confused is part of grappling with Juan UFO's Master Work, A story about love, corruption, dominance, and the ways in which death comes for us all.


In the end. Carolina Miranda reviewed Pedro Paramo coming to Netflix on November 6th, coming up, painter, sculptor, and filmmaker Titus Kfar talks about his Directorial debut, a new movie based on his life titled Exhibiting Forgiveness. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from Lisa. Good sleep should come naturally. And with the new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Plus every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes car selling easy. Enter your license plate or vin, answer some questions, and Carvana will give you a real offer in seconds. Whether you're looking to sell your car right now or whenever feels right, go to carvana.com to sell your car. The convenient way


Support for this podcast comes from the new Bauer Family Foundation, supporting WHY Y's, Fresh Air, and its commitment to sharing ideas and encouraging meaningful conversation. This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm m Tanya Moseley. And my next guest is contemporary painter, sculptor and installation artist, Titus Kahar. He's known for taking classical forms of art and deconstructing them by cutting crumpling, shredding, stitching, tarring, twisting, and binding to reveal hidden truths that challenge historical narratives. His art provokes forcing the viewer to confront the erasure of black Americans. From our historical narrative, Dick's 2014, painting behind the Myth of Benevolence, a portrait of Thomas Jefferson peeling away to reveal Sally Hemmings, an enslaved woman Jefferson, owned his 2020 Time magazine, cover analogous colors, depicted a mother holding the silhouette of a child, which kfar created by cutting into the canvas.


The image references George Floyd calling out to his mother during his arrest. And final moments, Kfar, whose paintings and installation art can be found in some of the world's most prestigious museums, has now taken his vision to the big screen, deconstructing his own life with his Directorial debut, A raw and deeply personal film titled Exhibiting Forgiveness. It's about a celebrated painter whose carefully constructed world unravels when his estranged father, a recovering addict, seeking redemption suddenly reappears in his life. It's a searing exploration of forgiveness, asking us who deserves it, who owes it, and at what cost.


Titus, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you. If I'm not mistaken, this idea for the film was originally a documentary. Mm, right? Mm. How did it turn into a feature film? The documentary happened because I was going back to Michigan where I'm from, Kalamazoo to visit my grandmother. And when I got to my grandmother's house, my father was sitting on the, on the doorstep, and I had my sons with me, and my wife was with me, and they'd never seen him before. My kids were probably about seven and five or something like that at that time. And I basically told him I, I didn't really wanna talk and that this wasn't a good time.


So I walked up the stairs, walked into the house, and to my surprise, my father followed me. And now this is my maternal grandmother. And so as I was starting to get a little frustrated about the situation, my grandmother said, baby, you need to talk to him. And I say this all the time, but when my grandmother tells you to do something, you do it. There's no question. I had a camera on my shoulder at the time, because I was gonna take a photograph of her. I was gonna make a painting and drawing of her. And so kind of on a whim, I said to my father, if you want to talk, let me, let me film you. There's a, there's a lot to be accounted for. And I was hoping he would say no, but he said yes.


Hmm. He said, be at my house for 15 minutes. And that was the beginning of it. And the truth of the matter is that documentary felt wildly unsatisfying. I showed it publicly in the theater one time and decided I don't want that in the world like that. Why? What was it about it? A lot of it was just the fact that if it felt like it did a really good job of telling me where I was, but not how I got there. It was me as an adult reflecting on these things as an adult. And there was no space for that child, that child's voice in that documentary.


And somehow that felt really necessary. So as I let go of the idea of the documentary project and I moved it in to the idea of doing this as a feature film, I realized that it was going to be necessary for me to think differently about my father when I write him as a character. This changed your creative process because you were writing and also painting this story at the same time. This was the first time you had actually done something like this? Yeah. I mean, the writing process was, was very different for me. And so what happened is I'd wake up in the morning about five o'clock, and I'd start writing for a couple hours, take my kids to school, and then I would go to the studio and I would, I would start drawing or sketching from what I had written the day before.


So I have this app on my phone that allows me to listen to text. So I was listening to that and remembering all of the things from my childhood experiences and, and just writing that down. And initially I was writing this stuff for the purpose of trying to tell my sons a little bit about, about their father, me, about where I come from and you know, why I don't like to talk about when I was a kid so much. And for their whole lives. I've, I've always said, well, I'll tell you, when we older, they Would ask. Yeah. They would ask. Yeah. And so my oldest is going off to college now. So I think that's part of what, what initiated this whole process for me.


And the, the painting aspect of it is so that's so normal. That's my, my happy place. That's peace. You know, I'm a pretty extroverted person, but that's only because I have all of this time alone in the studio. So that part felt normal, felt right. And it made the writing process easier because the writing process was far more emotional than I expected it to be. Like, the process of sitting down writing made me remember things that I had pushed outta my mind for a long time. And I also, as I took it from reality and moved it into the script, it actually became more difficult when I was moving it into a script.


Because if you are writing a character, you have to be honest about that character's motivations. You can't just say, this is a bad guy. And as a young man, I would've told you that my father was the villain of my narrative. He was the bad guy. It wasn't until I sat down to write and I had to ask myself, no, no, that's not enough. Why is he doing what he's doing? What are, what are the motivations for his actions? What are the broader context of the world? Yes, that's right. You grew up in Kalamazoo, Michigan. Yes, that's right. That was a place of industry, of factories, of businesses.


And yes, that's right. By the time you were in high school, all of those businesses, so many of them had been shut down. And so there were no jobs. There were a few opportunities. And yes, that's right. Crack cocaine came in right at that same time. So with context and writing and asking myself the motivation for this character, I gained a compassion, a sympathy for my father that I never had as a young man. Titus, the story isn't completely autobiographical, but there's truth, so much truth from your life in it. For those who haven't seen the film, can you say what the story is?


Terrell is an artist living with his wife, who is also an artist, a musician. And you have a young son. He has a young son. Terrell has a young son. I have too. You know, I think fundamentally this film is about one artist journey towards healing. Of course, there's this question of this father who reenters the situation and whether or not there will be reconciliation or forgiveness between them. And we go with this family on this journey.


The film for me is about generational healing. About how do, does this generation make sure that our children don't have to carry the same wounds and baggage that we carry? Is there a way for us to leave it here so that they can go on without that burden? And in the film, the artist Terrell and his wife Aisha, they, they figure this out through the artistic practice itself. Hmm. The thing that I'm most excited about is, in the film you see the practice of two artists connected, caring for one another.


It's not generally the picture of an artist that you see on, on film. There's such vulnerability in this film. I mean, we are seeing black men emote and express and cry. And we rarely see that in film. Actually. We don't see that when it for men, period, let alone black men. What have been the discussions with your sons? You writing this with the intent of being able to show them that, Hey, this is what my life was before you were Here. Yeah. I mean, there's a moment in the film where, where Jermaine Terrell's son runs in the house and starts jumping on the couch.


and I love that scene. Daniel, the young kid who played that part, he was, he's extraordinary. And he comes in, he starts jumping on the couch and I, wish I would run into the house and jump on my mother's couch. I wish I would. That would be a very short scene. Yeah. But, but Terrell, he walks in and he, he gently grabs his son by the shoulders and he looks him in his eye and he says, breathe wants you to breathe with me. Let's take a breath together. And what that's about is giving the next generation different tools than we had.


We weren't told that it was okay that we could cry. That was something that we had to suppress. That was something that it was necessary for us to hold in. We grew up in a, in a kind of rough spot, you didn't want people to see you weak. That meant you were vulnerable. And if you were vulnerable, the opportunity to take you was there. And so that became another thing I began to understand. It's like even these things that feel harsh in the minds of our parents. This was for our protection and I, I don't agree with, you know, doing that to your children, I have to believe that love and compassion and kindness and care, those things are the things that we offer to our children.


And that will bring them to a peace, a place of peace and wholeness. But at the same time, recognizing that the world that I grew up in, the neighborhood that I grew up in, was fundamentally different from the neighborhood that my children are growing up in. I understand why, why they made the decisions they made, why they did what they did. It's interesting, you said it was kind of like therapy. You, you had a conversation with a couple of directors, producers, like just to get advice, you talked to Steven Spielberg, right? I did, yeah. And He, he said something to you about like putting your life on the page like this in the film. What did he tell You? Yeah, first shout out to Kate Capshaw, his wife.


She's a painter. That's how we met. So she came to the studio and we were just geeking out about paint. And you know, I had these canvases there that I had been working on for the, for the film. And she asked me, She said, so what is, what is all this work about? This feels a little different from your other paintings. And so I had a script in my hand and I handed it to her, signed it, and said, you know, thanks for coming to the studio, appreciate you and Kate and I have stayed in touch. And so she, she read the script in about 24, 48 hours and got back to me and said, this is, this is something special. Do you mind if I share it with Steven? and I said, yeah, no, of course not. That's an insane interview.


Right? Like, What? What are you nuts? No, I said, of course. And she gave it to Steven and within a couple of days he got back to me and he said, do you have something very special here? This is not the kind of film that Hollywood usually treats. Well, you have to protect yourself is going to be difficult and it is not going to fix everything. Yeah. And he had just done his own family story with The Fable Men's. Yeah, Yeah. And so he also told me that I cried every day on set. And for me, I didn't cry every day, but there were many days You on the other side of the project, To be honest with you, Kate and Steven spoke to me about the project throughout filming.


And so on the other side of the project, I would say, yeah, it's true. Everything has not been fixed. But there definitely have been some revelations, like I said, about understanding the motivations of my father. That has changed. That has definitely changed for me. I wanna talk to you a little bit about some of the other reasons why you wanted to make this film. You also made this movie because while you document Black Life, black people, by and large are not the ones consuming or buying your art. And in the short documentary that you did in 2022, shut up and Paint, you shared your struggle with the commodification of your art.


You mentioned in there how you have family members who, at least at that point, still hadn't seen still, still still to this day. Yeah. Yeah. Has that ever made you question what you do? Well, actually, lemme rephrase that. It hasn't made me question what I do. It's made me question where what I do goes, so I don't question painting. Yeah. I love that. That's like in my heart. It's the thing that I, one of the things that I know that I was made for. But the reality is, as I said in that documentary where I grew up, the place I grew up does not look like the place where I am now.


And the people who engage with my work often don't come from that world. And, and let me be clear here. I'm not just talking about race. I'm, I'm talking about class as well. I feel blessed to be able to do what I do every day. I mean, I make paintings and people pay me to do that. It's kind of ridiculous. It's like, let's, let's just be honest. Let's just put that out there. It's kind of ridiculous. So I'm not complaining about that, but what I, what I want is to figure out how I can get more access for folks. And You felt like a movie, you felt like visuals that in that way was more democratizing?


Yeah. As I, as I said, I think I said in, in the film, the documentary film is a much more democratically accessible medium. You don't have to be a rich man to go to a movie, you know? And nobody makes you feel uncomfortable when you walk into a movie theater. You can just walk in a movie, watch a movie, or, you know, eventually you'll be able to watch it in your home. You know? So that was, that was incredibly important to me. 'cause as I went into more spaces, gallery spaces, I recognize how uncomfortable they are. Hmm. This beautiful big white space where you are the only black face in that building.


There is some fancy person sitting at the front desk and you don't know whether do I need to pay to get in? It's like, do I need to talk to 'em? Do I need to say something? And then you see these paintings on the wall and you're like, these are interesting, but I don't know anything about them. You know, that kind of elitism, that one feels when they're in those spaces doesn't help people connect to the art at all. Titus Kahar, thank you so much. Thank You, Painter. Titus Kaphas new movie is based on his life titled Exhibiting. Forgiveness.


Fresh Air Weekend is produced by Theresa Madden. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our engineer is Adam Stanski. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annemarie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren k Crile, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producers are Molly CV Nesper and Sabrina Seaward with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Meryl. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America Company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash story.


This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details, capital one, NA member FDIC.