
99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts Free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR From WHYY in Philadelphia. This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Tanya Mosley. Today my guest is Seth Rogan. He created a new Apple TV plus series The Studio, which is a satirical look at how executives in Hollywood make decisions on what movies get made.


Seth Starz is the head of a fictional Hollywood studio who is trying to save the struggling company. And he says, the job of a studio executive in real life is the funniest in all of Hollywood. Yeah, it's very tragic job and I think tragedy is, is comedy in a lot of ways. Also, new Yorker staff writer Andrew Morantz joins us to discuss his latest investigation and into how right wing podcasts, streams and YouTube channels have become the platforms where men who feel disillusioned and alienated go to feel seen and heard, and the battle on the Left to win them back. Plus, rock critic Ken Tucker reviews new songs by Teddy Swims, Benjamin Booker and Neil Young.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a Garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney plus. Follow Cassie and or as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is now streaming only on Disney plus.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org


At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss, and we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the Pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Tanya Mosley. Let's go back to the year 2000. A young Seth Rogan and his writing partner Evan Goldberg, have arrived from Canada and they're meeting a studio executive to go over a screenplay they've written together during the meeting. The executive makes a cynical confession. I got into this job because I love movies, he says, and now I feel like my job is to ruin them. Rogan and Goldberg never forgot what that executive said, and 25 years later they've made it the basis of a new satirical comedy series on Apple TV Plus called The Studio Rogan Plays Matt Remick, a Hollywood executive who gets an unexpected promotion as the head of the fictional continental studios after his boss is fired.


In this scene, The Studio CEO played by Brian Cranston offers Matt the job, but asks if he has what it takes to do it the continental way. Patty's time has come and gone and I'm seriously considering you to replace her. Oh my God, yes. Yes. I I'm the guy, I'm the guy for the job. Why are, tell me that. Why are you the guy? Well, I've worked at Continental for 22 years. I bought the original spec script for MK Ultra, which as I'm sure you know, spawned a franchise that's made us over $3 billion for this. Hey Renee. Where the My green juice. You want a green juice? Yeah. I'd love one Two green juices now.


Yes sir. Sorry. Continue Film is my life. Ever since I came to The Studio as a kid and went on the tour, being the head of Continental is the only job I've ever wanted. That is adorable. Alright, well listen, I honestly just have one strong reservation about you. Oh. I've heard you are really into artsy fartsy filmmaking bull. Now you're obsessed with actors and directors liking you rather than being obsessed with making this studio as much money as possible. Me. Yeah. That could not be further from the truth. I am as bottom line oriented as anyone in this town.


I believe you. Great. Good. Good. Because at Continental we don't make films. We make movies. Movies that people wanna pay to see. Yes. From there the audience is taken on a funny but also absurd and often cringe-worthy adventure as Matt always flustered and desperately needing to be liked. Has to find ways to keep The Studio afloat. Seth Rogan has produced, directed, written and starred in mini films, including Super Bad Knocked Up. This is The End Sausage Party and the Limited series. Pam and Tommy, he founded the production company Point Great Pictures along with his writing and directing partner, Evan Goldberg and the two have founded the cannabis products and Home Goods company, houseplant and Seth Rogan.


Welcome back to Fresh Air. Thank you. What an intro. Well, I want, I I really wanna go back to this time 2000. Yeah. You and Evan are in this executive's office. Yeah. And he says this thing to you like, yeah, I now ruin movies. Yeah. Like, what was your reaction? I was shocked by the honesty, honestly. Like I really could tell that he was in a position in that point in his career and that person still works in Hollywood, is one of the heads of one of the major studios in Hollywood. So he, he stuck around and it was, it was a ancient Roman teen sex comedy.


Oh, really? Okay. So this wasn't super bad or something. This was Like, what's what's funny is we had written super Bad and no one was making it. And that's how we got the job for this movie. And, and honestly we were like, let's just put all of like our ideas from Superbad into the movie, basically. Oh my gosh. And so that's how desperate we were to make something. And so we sort of became like an ancient Roman version of Superbad, which as I say it is insane, but, and it was very dirty. It was very dirty. Yeah. And, and what I recall, I think at the point in this process Yeah. We had handed in a draft that he really thought was funny and we thought was funny and was ridiculous and crazy. And he was telling us in this notes meeting that like, it couldn't be so dirty and it was clearly the notes he had been given from on high.


And so in a very honest moment he said that, and I don't know if the execs I've worked with over the years would agree, but I've always had a sympathy for, I think because of that I've always felt like it really humanized the job in a lot of ways. Right. And made me understand, you know, from a pretty young age. Yeah. That like a lot of, a lot of these, not all of them, but a lot of them are people who love movies but who are constantly put in positions where they have to either, you know, maybe be fired or do something kind of risky. Yeah. And I think more of them should do something risky and, and that will actually lead to better things. But you know, I understand why they don't, I don't agree with it necessarily, but I understand it and it's, and it's a very comedic situation to be in.


Right. You know, I mean Yeah. That's the thing. You have a lot of sympathy for them because of this very formative experience for you. Yeah. But also you say it's like the funniest job in all of Hollywood. Yeah. It's a very tragic job. And I think tragedy is, is comedy in a lot of ways, you know, and and a lot of them, yeah. Like, because they love movies and they grow up. Now I'm at the age even where like some of the people I work with grew up watching our movies and stuff like that. Yep. You know what I mean? Yep. And for the first part of my life, like I'm older than the execs I'm working with at some of these companies and so they, I'm one of the people they probably grew up watching and they are constantly put in a position where they have to say things that make me really mad at them.


And I would imagine that's a huge bummer. And I've seen it over and over. I remember an exec, like hiding from a movie star, like literally in his office because he was avoiding 'cause the 'cause the movie wasn't tracking well and he was avoiding, he didn't wanna Be the one to Tell that you on the lot. And he, he knew he was mad, he knew the movie star was there for a meeting and was mad and he did wanna get yelled at basically. Yes. And he's like, I remember him being like, I love that this guy's one of my favorite actors of all time and he wants to scream at me. And like that to us was, it was just funny. It just always struck us as very funny. You know. Is it true that, that you interviewed almost every Hollywood executive for this, this Series? Yeah. We interviewed a lot of them, whether they knew it or not, some of them it was just like us milking information from them without them.


And some were very formal interviews where they came in, but a lot of the stuff from those interviews worked their way directly into episodes of the show. Yeah. I, okay, let's get into the series because I think you said something like 85% of the, of, of what is in it is actually true. Yeah. To some extent. For sure. And talking about interviewing these executives Yeah. If this stuff is true. Oh my gosh. 'cause it's like the cringes scenarios ever. Oh yes. I think we're actually, and like, if anything, I think we paint like a pretty sympathetic picture of, of, of the situation that, you know, I think to a lot of people's experiences is probably, you know, an optimistic view of what Hollywood is.


Yeah. Okay. The characters are phenomenal. I, I mentioned Catherine O'Hara who Yeah. Is she was your boss, she was fired and you take over her job. Ike Faren Holtz who plays this powerful lower level executive desperate for power. He is hilarious. Yeah, he's great. Catherine Han, who plays this aggressive marketing chief Yeah. With lots of opinions. Yeah. Chase Suey Wonders, who plays an ambitious young executive Yeah. And she does a couple of shady things to light it over Oh yeah. As an ambitious young executive Yeah. Will do. And then there's the host of actors and filmmakers with very, very fragile egos. And then how would you describe your character Matt Remick?


I would describe my character as someone who grew up loving movies and who worked very hard to be someone who got to make movies. And I think he's someone who wishes he was very creative, but is not, and who kind of views himself as creative, but simply isn't. And so his avenue to filmmaking, quote unquote, I guess became being a studio executive. And he's very ambitious and very self preservational and someone who will do the, the thing that allows him to keep going rather than to perhaps lose it all. And he's someone who's constantly put in a position to really disappoint both himself and, and the people that he idolizes and, and the medium that he idolizes.


You know, He's also walking around all the time. Terrified. Yes. He's very panicked and stressed out and wears it on his sleeve and does not, and that's based on some specific people I know is that they wear their panic like clearly. Like they have a bad poker face and that is very much something my character has, you know, but That's like the great tension of the, the series. So it's set in present day. Yeah. And all of these executives, like they're, they're up against the real challenges of the moment. Yes. AI plays a big role. Yeah. Racial sensitivity, like there's all these different things. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That and but your character, he, he wants to make art, he wants He Does on Film. Yeah. And it's really making fun of me in a lot of ways, you know, and, and, and I don't have like the delusions of grandeur I think my character in the show has, but I think it's inspired by the same belief that like one movie can change the entire course of Hollywood.


And I don't think I'm gonna be the person to make that movie necessarily, but, but did You want to at one time? Yeah. And, and for sure. And I think if you're a, an ambitious executive who's obsessed with Robert Evans, then you could then, then you really think you could do that, you know? And so I think it's a silly goal to have and by character has specifically that goal. I think he wants to be viewed as like the savior of this town, you know? Yeah. And that is not an ambition I specifically have, but it's something that I understand where that idea comes from. Okay. I wanna play a clip in this scene. Matt, your character goes over to his old boss's house played by Catherine O'Hara, a patty.


Yeah. And to seek some guidance. And the two talk about how he's handling being the new head of The Studio and O'Hara speaks first. So how do you feel in all this? You know, I've worked obviously a long time to get here. My, you know, my parents are very thrilled, very proud. I think Griffin is, you know, optimistic with, with the plan. Maddy, not one of those words is about how you feel. Yeah. I feel miserable, honestly. I'm anxious, I'm stressed out, panicking pretty much all the time. I was so much happier two weeks ago when I was just angry and resentful that I didn't have this job.


I would give anything to be angry and resentful compared to how I feel right now. You know, I walk past the tour guide every morning and they say that the office was built as a temple to cinema, but feels much more like a tomb Heavy as the head Maddy. Yeah. I, I and I honored obviously to be one of the people that gets to choose, you know, which movies get made and which ones don't. That's, that's huge. And I got into all this 'cause you know, I love movies, but now I have this fear that my job is to ruin them. The job is a meat grinder. It makes you stressed and panicked and miserable.


One week you're looking your idol in the eye breaking his heart. And the next week you're writing a blank check for some entitled Nepo Baby and a Beanie. But when it all comes together And You make a good movie, It's good forever. That was Catherine O'Hara playing the role of Patty in The Studio and also My guest today, Seth Rogan. And that's the basis for this whole series. But, you know, I, I wanted to, this particular scene was really powerful 'cause we understand like his motivations and then she as a wisdom, you know, person with wisdom gives kind of the larger context there.


Yeah. But it's also so beautiful. It's so interesting. Like you guys are standing on an overlook overlooking LA and the show and the character's wardrobe is all very much old Hollywood. It's just interesting the juxtaposition between the visual and then the current day struggles that they're dealing with. Yeah, exactly. Like the characters, especially mine, like longs for days of your, and that was sort of a big part of the idea was to like also anchor the show in like a real feeling history for this studio and sort of like a real culture that The Studio and like an identity that The Studio has kind of.


And so yeah, we really used color palettes that were very seventies inspired. And you can tell that the, the character's kind of long for a, like there's a nostalgia for a time that isn't there anymore. They're not trying to be on the cutting edge of things. They're actually trying to kind of go back to how things used to be, you know, and, and yeah, we, we shot in a lot of old homes from the fifties and sixties and seventies. That house is a John Latner house. It's a very beautiful, beautiful house. And, and in the show it's as though we kind of have a storyline as though Frank Lloyd Wright designed The Studio that we are in because he was in California making, you know, mind revival buildings like at the time that these studios were made and, and that it sort of has this like grandeur to it, you know, and this like kind of thing that you're trying to live up to.


And you know, I remember it's a name drop. I was at 30 Rock once with Lorne Michaels. Yeah. And, and I was saying what amazing building it was and he was like in his way, like, well, you know, when any industry is new they build cathedrals for it. And I always remembered that and it was so true. And like the studios feel that way, a lot of them. Like they're these beautiful places and they were built at a time when they were kind of like unabashedly, like lauding and, and trying to like bolster the importance of the industry, you know? And so that to us was something very important and we got really lucky with that shot. 'cause we shot the show where basically every scene is one take, which was very hard to do.


But what it allowed us to do is a scene like that, for example, it's all one shot and we shot it maybe 15 times and, and the first like 10 times it was like rainy and gray and cloudy and we kept having to go inside 'cause it was raining on us and it just looked miserable. But we had to a very specific shot we wanted to do. And so we literally just sat inside and waited for it to stop raining as the sun was going down. And then it's like this magical thing happened. We're like, right as the sun was going down, the rain stopped and rainbows appeared. Yeah. I'm like, is that a rainbow today? You could see the whole city. And we were just like, let's go shoot now. Yeah. And to me it was like a real magical Hollywood moment kind of.


Yeah. It feels like a love letter to Los Angeles. Yeah. Which feels, especially just watching it for me a tinge of like sadness a a bit Yeah. Just in with all that has happened with the fires for sure. You know? Definitely. And I think that it always was a love letter to Los Angeles and I think if anything it is like we, like I love living in Los Angeles and I've lived here for a very long time and I love the architecture, I love the landscape. Like I love that there's Franklin Lloyd Wright buildings and John Latner houses and, and I, and I think that's one of the things that Hollywood kind of has afforded me over the years. It's just like access to like these very beautiful spaces, you know? And so, and, and, and as we were pitching the show, that was always something that we would say the pitch is like a lot of our experience in Hollywood is like being in very beautiful places, having very stupid arguments with one another.


And like that was something that we really Yeah. Was a funny juxtaposition as well is like, we would be at a movie premiere at the Ace Theater that was the United Artist Theater that Charlie Chaplin opened in some back room that was like literally the dressing room that Charlie Chaplin would use before coming out the theater and just like screaming at each other over like the dumbest like, like a fart joke or something like that. And to us, that was always just very funny. My guest is Seth Rogan. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm Tanya Mosley and This is Fresh Air Weekend.


These days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the consider this podcast from NPR


On the next through line from NPR For the presidency. I'm indebted to almighty God, I'm in charge of the country and I need to serve all the American people and not just the political machine. The origins of the modern civil service listen to through line, wherever you get your podcasts.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


So there's this particular episode and there's a scene in the episode where your character is dating a doctor. Yeah. And she takes him to, I think it's like a cancer Yeah, like a Medical, like a cancer gala. Yeah, Yeah. Gala. And he, while talking to fellow doctors and researchers who are like looking for cures for cancer and stuff, he gets into an argument and he says to a group of them, you all, something like, you all save lives, But we make life, life worth living. You all save lives, but we make life worth living. That is like the most absurd self-aware statement ever.


But Seth, it also is kind of true. I mean that episode's probably threading a needle more than any of them as far as, as far as rooting for my character or, or at least even understanding where my character's coming from in any way, shape or form. That to me is actually, I think like in many ways I personally find it to be the funniest episode because it's sort of based on it. I it's kind of based on me because, and I understand, obviously I understand it's comedic and ridiculous, but I would, I have a charity with my wife Hilarity for Charity, and it's an Alzheimer's charity. And so we find ourselves in a lot of medical gala.


Yes. And I find myself in a lot of tables with doctors who save lives and, and what's funny is often they have like a blatant disrespect for the film industry as maybe as they should, but I don't think so necessarily. And and they So there's no deference for you? No. And they think it's funny. Yeah. And I think they think it's funny. I think, and they're obviously smart enough to know that I exist in a world where there is deference and they, and they're showing no deference and they seem to revel in being in a position where they, they're, they can like sort of maybe subtly at times diminish the career of another person who clearly views what they do as important, even though maybe it isn't.


How does That feel for you to Do that? Well, I, it, it was bo I mean, I can I personally understand that it's not a thing I should be upset about, but I comedically understand the motive, the, the feeling that you wish you could fight back against that and assert that what you do is as important. And I, it's not something I would ever do in real life, but it's something that I, it's obviously an instinct I had somewhere in my brain because that's where the idea for the episode came from, you know? But I, I know it's ridiculous and I know my character's wrong generally, but I think that the inspiration for that episode was definitely based on like feelings that I've had sitting at tables with doctors.


There's also like this storyline about being scared about whether something is racist. And that's hilarious because like it just goes through all these different iterations. Yes. Is that a situation that you've had to deal with in real life? For sure. I'd say that episode has more actual conversations that we've had to sit in rooms and watch than most of the episodes. And what's funny about it is it's like all people care about is the perception. They themselves have no ideological like thing that they are trying to get across and they don't care at all. They just don't wanna look bad.


And that is the thing that we would notice the most when these types of things came up was that like, oh no, none of these people care. They just don't wanna look bad. You Know? Is there a story that comes to mind that happened in real life? It's not a thing we got made, but it was like, we were making a comic book and there was like an alien character and the alien had been like traditionally voiced by someone of a certain race. And so all of a sudden like that became a big topic of conversation. It was like, what race is this alien? And, and and, and we kept being like, well it's an alien, but like, but it didn't matter because like in people's heads there was a certain like race as scribe to the alien due to the voice that people associated with the alien. And then we were like, well is that racist?


Like, and, and so that was something the last few years where again I found just a lot of people having at the, at the end of the day, no one involved cared. No one, no one could be like, you know what? I strongly believe that it should be this. Everyone was just like, what maybe will people yell at us for? Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. There's also the funny scene where to make sure, so in the case, like the alien, like in the voice you go to like the one person of color in the place. Oh yes. Is this okay? Yes. That happens a lot. I've been there as well. I've had people call me and ask me Jewish things before, like, it, it's happened to me.


I've been that person. Because so much of your material comes from a personal place. Have you ever gotten a note from an executive that felt like an insult? Oh yeah. Many, many, many times we've gotten notes that just like, this scene isn't funny, which is insulting. You know, I think I I actually understand notes about like likability. 'cause like I think that's like a easy note for an executive to give is like this often there'll be a character based on me and they'll be like, this character's not like, well wasn't There that note from that executive or something about Jonah Hill's character Super bad? Yeah, that was the thing. Yeah, that Sony, well it was Sony like corporate Sony, Sony made the movie, you know, Sony owns Columbia Pictures and, and so Sony made super bad and in there's a seed in Super Bad where it was supposed to be Michael, Sarah and Jonah's character Seth and Evan based on us playing PlayStation together.


And then we got a note from Sony corporate. Yeah. That Jonah's character couldn't interact with a Sony product. Basically it was even worse on Pineapple Express where they wouldn't even let us put a PlayStation in the movie altogether. Wow. And we had a scene where a kid was playing a video game and we had to like invent a console that didn't exist. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Like Sony on that one was like, we don't even wanna be in this movie. But the thing about the super bad one, I mean Jonah's character is based on you. It is based on me. And they were like, yes, this character is too reprehensible to be touching a PlayStation. And I was like, that hurts Seth Rogen, this has been such a pleasure to talk with you and thank you for The Studio. Thank you Seth Rogan's new satirical comedy series.


The Studio premieres on Apple TV plus on Wednesday, March 26th, rock critic Ken Tucker has been listening to new music releases, including new songs by Teddy Swims, nominated as best new artist at this year's Grammy Awards. And Benjamin Booker, who Tucker says, is doing interesting things with volume and distortion. There's also an old pro in the mix here, Neil Young, who has a new band and a new song that Tucker says, Harold's some big changes. Here's his review. Something's gotta hold on me.


Lately though, I dunno myself feels like the was all Closing devils and my Teddy swims had a big hit last year with the song Blues Control, which showcased his gruff. But Supple Ballad singing The Georgia Born singer has clearly been influenced by Southern soul men like Al Green and Bobby Blue Bland on his new album titled, I've Tried Everything But Therapy Part Two Swims offers a new set of love songs that demonstrate the depth of his romanticism on are you even real?


He's so swept away. He wonders whether he's dreaming the object of his adoration. Are you even real or did I make you love? How could someone like you wanna give love? Don't thank God but I can get now So beautiful Where Teddy swims offers up his vocals with glowing clarity.


Benjamin Booker opts to reduce his singing to just another instrument in the mix of songs and styles found on his new album called Lower On his previous albums. Booker Grappled with then current events such as the Black Lives Matter protests. The lyrics on his new album are more obscure, hinting at deep emotions whose rawness is either matched by or buried beneath layers of distorted guitars and keyboards. There's a beauty in the kind of musical chaos Booker creates. One of the best examples of this is Same kind of Lonely Dream.


A few years ago, Benjamin Booker opened for Neil Young on a few of Young's tour dates. Young himself is now showcasing a new band called the Chrome Hearts that includes Willie Nelson's son, Micah on guitar and the great organist Spooner Oldham, who was part of the legendary Muscle Shoals rhythm section and co-writer of Hits Like The Box Tops Cry like a baby to judge from The band's booming. First single big change. However, Neil Young isn't seeking out pop or country sounds. He aims to have the Chrome heart sound at least as grungy as his usual backup crazy horse. And the noise they make is powerful. Big change coming, Coming Right To you.


Big change coming. You know what you gotta do. Big change coming could be bad And it be Good big change coming, coming home where you Big Change is coming. Big changes coming. Big drums are drum Heading up the long parade. Big change is coming game Late.


Big change is coming. Could be and it could be great. Big change is coming. Big change is coming. Young chance over and over given the timing of the release and the image of young waving an American flag in the video. There's an inescapable feeling that he's talking about the recent presidential election. Though it's impossible to tell whether he thinks the changes are welcome or ominous. Like Teddy swims and Benjamin Booker, Neil Young is letting loose with some big emotions but letting you judge how to interpret them. Ken Tucker reviewed new songs by Teddy swims, Benjamin Booker and Neil Young.


Coming up we'll talk with a New Yorker writer Andrew Morantz about his latest article, the Battle for the Bros, which is a look at why many young men in America have gone MAGA and the battle on the left to bring them back. I'm Tanya Mosley and This is Fresh Air Weekend.


I'm Jesse Thorn this week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged strapper with an 18-year-old daughter, she's really Looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast every weekday we bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we're already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term, from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast,


California Governor Gavin Newsom recently joined the Manosphere, the world of political podcasts, streams and YouTube channels where young men have become the new MAGA Vanguard. This is Gavin Newsom and this is Steve Bannon. And this is Michael Savage. And this is Charlie Kirk, The Democratic governor says the purpose of his new podcast is to have unfiltered conversations with people he doesn't always agree with.


And so far he's had on far right media stars, many of whom were instrumental in Donald Trump winning the election. Well My guest today, the New Yorker staff writer Andrew Morantz, looks at how Democrats are attempting to win back the support of young men in America, those they lost during the 2024 election. And for his piece, Morant spent time with several high profile podcasters and streamers like Hassan Piker, a leftist star on the livestream platform, Twitch with more than 3 million followers, who's known for modeling modern masculinity with progressive politics. Moran's article, the Battle for the Bros. Young Men have Gone, Maga Can the Left Win Them Back appears in the current copy of The New Yorker.


And Andrew Moranz, welcome back to the show. Thank you so much Tanya. So good to be back. Democrats lost support with nearly every kind of voter, but the defection that alarmed strategists the most was this significant jump in young men who voted for Trump or no candidate. And this comes at a time when men are in crisis as you write relative to their forefathers and their women counterparts. Men are more likely to fall behind in school. They're more likely to drop outta college languish in the workforce, or die by overdose or suicide. How did the right not only tap into that grim reality, but also offer a space for male grievance?


Yeah, so just to start from defining terms. So manosphere is like a lot of internet terms pretty ill defined and it keeps changing so often. Originally when people use the term, it was for really, really extreme hateful stuff, right? So it was for Andrew Tate, who is a proud misogynist, defines himself that way, has been accused of human trafficking, really, really, really bad dude. And so often when people talked about the manosphere, they would talk about that. But then it kind of migrated into people who are, you know, conservatives on gender roles or who don't even have like gender content that they often bring up, but maybe are just into things that are commonly coded as dude stuff, you know, video games or, or hunting or you know, lifting weights or whatever.


So all of that is kind of depending on who you're listening to contained within that category. And there's no reason that the right has a monopoly inherently on being down to earth or being relatable. You know, it's been mentioned many times that people like Bernie Sanders have no problem going onto these shows and in fact have been criticized for going onto these shows. So it's a bit of a caricature, but it's definitely one that's stuck. And I think we can now see in the data is definitely one that hurt Kamala Harris in the, in the last election. Well, relatable is a word that just keeps coming up in your piece. And you write about several notable personalities, influencers, streamers, podcasters.


One of them is comedian and podcaster. Theo Vaughn, who I personally have known since he was on MTV's Real World wrote rules back in the two thousands. So for most of his career, though he has been apolitical. Can you talk about the power in that built in trust through familiarity? Theo has been around for like 25 years. I mean, Donald Trump is a perfect example of this. He built a relationship with Americans as an entertaining figure for, for decades. Absolutely. And Joe Rogan has been around since he was, you know, telling people to eat worms on Fear Factor. Yeah. So, and I think you, you, you nailed it with the word trust and authenticity. I mean, a lot of times, and I think this is true for everyone, but I think it's especially true of listeners who don't think of themselves as political people.


People who I think are sometimes pejoratively called low information voters, but people who just don't think it's their job to study up on the ins and outs of politics. Often what it comes down to is who do you trust? And so you hear a lot of conflicting competing information. You know, you hear one source telling you Doge is just a scam and it's just, you know, a way for Elon Musk to enrich himself. And then you hear Joe Rogan or Elon Musk or Theon saying, I don't know, it seems cool to me, you know, we're cutting waste from the government. And if you don't want to embark on the really difficult project of sifting through the conflicting evidence, you can just trust one source and not the other.


So, you know, you mentioned Theo vn. To my mind, he, he is a funny, really affable kind of goofy guy. He presents himself as basically so curious that he almost seems to see it as his job to go in with no prior information into any conversation. And you can hear him from one week to the next. I mean, he, within the span of a week last summer, interviewed Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders. And with each of these interviews, his stance is to kind of just sit back and go, oh, well that's interesting. I never heard of that before. He kind of copied this format from Rogan where when something new comes up that they don't know about, they have a production assistant or an intern or someone kind of sitting in The Studio and they'll go, oh, could you pull that up?


Could you Google that? I mean, I was listening when someone in a Theo v interview mentioned FDR and the New Deal, and Theo Vaughn went, oh, that's what, what, what is that again? Can we pull that up? And they googled, you know, new Deal and started reading the Wikipedia article. So the, the vibe is very much not, you know, we've done our research, we've studied up, we've pre fact-checked everything. It's really the opposite. It's like a, they're The proxy for the audience In many ways. Yes, very much. It's a dorm room kind of sitting around at a diner kind of conversation. They are a proxy for the audience who may or may not know all the proper nouns. And so they'll just Google it for you in real time. And often that's why it takes two or three or four hours.


'cause they're really not in a hurry. I wanna play a clip from Theo v Show. It's when he had on social scientist, Richard Reeves, who you also spoke with, Reeves is a, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and President of the American Institute for Boys and Men. And he talked to Vonne about how men are struggling to find purpose in today's world and how during the pandemic there was lots of research being reported about how the isolation would impact women and girls, but not necessarily men and boys. And here's Theo's response. I don't know if ever in my life there's been like a, like a lot of organizations where it's like, hey, men need help. You know? Right.


It's like everything is that women need help with this children, you know, and it certainly that makes sense. I always think back to like women and children first, like when the Titanic was sinking or something, you know, when something like that, it's like women and children first, right? And that's probably what most men would want as well. But at a certain point you're like, Hey, we exist. What are we doing here? You know, That was podcast during comedian Theo Vaughn and social scientist Richard Reeves on Theo's podcast. Andrew, you write about how at one point during this particular conversation, Theo said, I'm not speaking against any other group. I'm just saying you can't make white males feel like they don't exist. He sang basically that mainstream media primarily focuses their attention on the plight of people of other identities.


And no one is really telling the stories of the disaffected male. Is that something that you, you heard during your reporting often? Definitely. There was a really interesting moment on Theo Von that I spoke to Stavos Halkias about. He's another comedian who's actually a much more leftist comedian. A lot of these guys are professional comedians for, for I think, interesting reasons. And when Stavos went on Theo's show, Theo started to say a lot of stuff that I think is frankly pretty offensive about, you know, why we need to close the border and, you know, stuff that sounded pretty xenophobic. And because Stavos is his friend, he didn't say, how dare you sir, and get up and leave and storm out.


You know, he, he kind of laughed along and yes, and did the joke in a way that kind of steered him away from the xenophobia parts and toward a kind of more common understanding to the point that by the end of that interview, Stavos was offering a kind of very concise explanation of why he thought Trump and the Republicans were terrible and delivering this to the Oon who had kind of just been at Trump's inauguration and almost seemed to be in his corner. And it wasn't contentious, it wasn't heated, it was real disagreement, but it was in a kind of amiable broy way. So I don't know, I mean, if that's the manosphere then it's not as scary as, as all that, but it's not always possible to model that kind of agreement.


It takes, you know, prior relationship. Often it takes trust. So it's not like this is a kind of cure all for, you know, all the cultural ills of America. But I do think it's worth it for at least democratic politicians to take note. The kind of pearl clutching aesthetic is just very, very off-putting to people. I mean, I heard that more times than I could count. You said you had a theory or you found it interesting that many of these guys are comedians. Why is that? Have they just found their lane within the podcasting space or? Yeah, Well I, I, I think there's something about when your job is to talk for a living and to kind of push boundaries for a living, you, I think, kind of overindex for that.


I mean, a lot of the comedian's craft is to look at something you've seen a thousand times, you know, the, the line to get into the airplane or the, you know, room service at a hotel and find something quirky and new and maybe a little bit taboo to say about it. And so it kind of makes sense that if you're on one of these long form podcasts, it's not gonna sound like, okay, here's a very tidy, efficient summary of the negotiations yesterday over the budget shutdown. It's gonna sound like, man, like what even is a budget? Like why do we even give money to each other? Have you ever thought about that? You know, it's like sort of radically open. And I think a lot of Democrats underestimated how powerfully affecting that is for people.


I mean, in the piece I kind of refer to this as Parasocial media, this, it's not social media in the sense of, you know, an algorithmic feed. It's parasocial in the sense that, I mean, that word means basically a, a kind of imagined one-way friendship that the listener has with the host. So if you're listening to Theo v or or Joe Rogan for tens or dozens or hundreds of hours while you're at the gym or while you're folding laundry or whatever, you'd feel like you know them. I mean, I feel like I know them. And so then when they tell you something or they, they, they start a line of questioning, you have a certain amount of trust and a certain amount of generosity, like, oh, let's see where he's going with this. And that's a very, very, very powerful tool in culture and in politics.


And I think for a long time there's been this assumption that, oh, politics is one thing and Spotify's another, and they're, they're just not separate things at all. And I feel like it took way too long for political consultants To learn that about social media. I feel like they've now learned it about social media, but they're a little behind the ball on Parasocial media. I wanna follow the money just for a minute. Are a lot of wealthy donors funding these podcasters and influencers on the right? Yeah, there's definitely money going into the right wing podcast sphere. Some of it from political donors and some of it just, you know, Joe Rogan got a massive deal from Spotify just 'cause he was very popular.


And part of what, you know, when Hassan Piker says, you know, the Democrats can't podcast their way out of this. I think part of what he means is you can't just have a kind of AstroTurf solution where you throw a bunch of money at sort of randomly selected people whose views you like and that'll do it. Right? So to kind of play out that argument, the way that argument would go is, okay, let's say some left of center donor decided to give hundreds of millions of dollars to whichever, you know, TikTok Star was kind of supporting the Democrats. Would that boost awareness of the Democrats? Probably. But what it wouldn't do is have the authentic feeling of an organic, trusted, authentic, weird voice.


Right? So you were saying before, people who've known para socially, someone like the OVO or or Joe Rogan for years, they have a kind of trust in them. And a lot of what that trust comes from is not just putting in the parasocial hours, although that's important, but also frankly how weird and idiosyncratic these people's interests are. You can't grow Joe Rogan of the right in a lab because Joe Rogan wasn't the Joe Rogan of the right until a few months ago in 2020, Joe Rogan was the Joe Rogan of the left. He supported Bernie Sanders for president, and then between 2020 and 2024, he was lost.


But the point I'm making with that is if you had decided to AstroTurf your way to Joe Rogan, you wouldn't have been looking in the right place because you wouldn't have been funding Joe Rogan. So a lot of where the trust and authenticity comes from is, you know, this is someone whose interests I actually just vibe with at a totally apolitical level. And then when they start talking about politics, maybe I'll take some advice from them. That's a very hard thing to kind of recreate from the top down. Have you been listening to these podcasters since Trump took office and how are they approaching it? Yeah, I mean, Elon Musk was on Rogan a week or two ago talking about all this stuff and, and it was after the Doge stuff had started, after they had made these massive cuts to U-S-A-I-D and Rogan asked him, what's going on with this man?


People say that, you know, like babies are dying and all this terrible stuff is happening. And Musk just said, oh no, that's not really true. And then they kind of moved on, you know, again, this is not a journalistic standard of pushback. This is not a, you know, I'm coming in with the receipts and I'm gonna make you answer. I think that could be really illuminating actually, if someone could get someone like Elon Musk to sit down for four hours unedited with receipts and say, here you said you cut a billion dollars, but it was actually a million dollars. Your explanation please. You know, but I just don't think that is what someone like Joe Rogan sees his job as.


I think he sees it as a hang that, you know, we're just hanging. And it would be weird if you were hanging with your friend and you kept badgering them with receipts. So that's not what he's gonna do. There's so much more to your article, we scratch the surface, but really, I just wanna know from you, I mean, the title is The Battle for the Bros. Young Men have Gone Maga, can the Left Win Them Back? What did you come to after all of your reporting? Is it possible for the left to win them back? I think it is. Luckily I'm not a political strategist, so I have no idea how to do it. But one thing we haven't mentioned, which I think I should just explicitly say is what do we mean by the left is actually a very live question.


So when, when people talk about the, you know, can there be a Joe Rogan of the left or can the left win back, you know, young people, are the left and the Democrats the same thing, or are they actually at odds? In many ways, a lot of what Hassan Piker does is criticize the Democrats from the left. And often what he says is, I'm a leftist, not a liberal. So one thing that has to be sort of resolved, or at least the tension has to be, I think recognized, is what do we mean when we say the left? And then I think to the second part of the question, can the Center left Democrat anti-Republican coalition win young men back?


I think yes, and I think it, you know, based on the conversations I've had with various people, you know, it's a combination of material factors and kind of cultural factors. So I think it's, you know, trying to deliver a coherent policy agenda that will actually benefit people and make their lives better and more meaningful. And then also showing up in these spaces, both, you know, online and I RL to tell them how you're gonna do that. So easier said than done, and as I say, luckily it's not my job to do it, but it's possible for sure. Andrew Moranz as always, thank you so much.


Thank you Tanya. This was great. Andrew Moranz is a staff writer for the New Yorker. His latest article is The Battle for the Bros. Fresh Air Weekend is produced by Theresa Madden. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our managing producer is Sam Brier, our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham, with additional engineering help today from Diana Martinez. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Roberta s Schrock Anne-Marie Baldonado, Lauren k Crile, Monique Nazareth, Thea Chaloner, Susan Nadi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly CV Neper with Terry Gross.


I'm Tanya Mosley. Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination, to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water that's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR, Hey, it's a Martinez, Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting ready, making de sao going to work.


So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.