
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member DC


From WYY in Philadelphia. I'm Sam Briger with Fresh Air Weekend. Today, Folk Musician Jerron Paxton brings some instruments to play for our conversation. He plays guitar, banjo, and harmonica. Paxton is known for performing music from the 1920s, but He just came out with an album of his own songs called Things Done Changed. Most of these songs, if not all these songs came from a little bit of inspiration and also at least a little bit of pushing. The pencil along the page, I think is Irving Berlin said Also, Terry talks with author Michael Owen about Ira Gershwin the lyricist behind many of the most enduring songs in The great American popular songbook songs like Fascinating Rhythm.


I got Rhythm S, wonderful Embraceable, you, let's call the whole thing off. And they can't take that away from me. He has a new book about Gershwin and tvb critic David Bian. Cooley reviews a new Beatles documentary on Disney Plus that's coming up on Fresh Air Weekend.


This message is brought to you by Lisa in collaboration with West Elm. Discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.


This message comes from GiveWell. There are millions of nonprofit organizations in the world. How do you know which ones can make the biggest impact? GiveWell was founded to help donors with that exact question, find all of their research and recommendations on their site. If you've never used GiveWell, you can have your donation matched up to $100 before the end of the year or as long as matching funds. Last. Go to givewell.org and pick podcast and enter NPR at checkout.


This message comes from NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash story.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools, however you buy. Buy your car with Carvana.


This is Fresh Air Weekend. I'm Sam Briger. Prior to his new album, Jerron Paxton has been entertaining audiences with his take on music that's mostly 100 years old or older. Some of the music dates back to the Civil War. He plays folk music, blues, hot jazz, ragtime and fiddle in banjo tunes among others. He's released several albums, but this new album, things Done Changed is his first, where all the tracks were written by him. Songs that are deeply rooted to music of the twenties and thirties and older, but reflects paxton's contemporary feelings and observations about things like Love Lost and Found gentrification, and finding yourself far from home.


Paxton was generous enough to bring some of the instruments he plays to the studio today. If he had brought all the instruments he plays, he would've had to rented a van, guitar, fiddle, piano, harmonica, banjo, and the Bones is not even a complete list. Paxton, who is 35, grew up in Los Angeles near Watts and has called himself a throwback in a family of throwbacks. He now lives in New York. Let's hear the title track from the new album. This is Things Done Changed. He said, sad baby. It hood me to my heart. Together so long now we got to get Between You and me.


Seem just like time can't be like they used to be you, man. Only wondering what it's all about. Have I Full Love? Have it done. Fizzle Loud between you and me. Can't be like they used to be. Smiling Face show could always be found, not seem like your smile.


Don't want me seem just like time can be like they used to be. That's a song. Things Done Changed from the new album by Jerome Paxton of the same name, Jerome Paxton, welcome so much to Fresh Air. It's good to be here. So as I said, you've released a few albums before, but this is your first album of your own compositions. Have you been writing all along but just recently decided to release these songs?


Yeah, songwriting is a, is a funny part of the life of a folk musician. Most, most of us folk musicians tend to play our culturally inherited music, which isn't quite the same as doing covers of other people's music. But you know, you play, you play mu music that's reflective of your culture and I've mostly done that and every once in a while something will inspire me and it'll stick around. And you know, I like writing music based on inspiration more so than anything.


So a few of these songs, most of these songs, if not all these songs, came from a little bit of inspiration and at least a little bit of inspiration and also at least a little bit of pushing the pencil along the page, I think is Irving Berlin said. Can you talk about how you approached the guitar? Like is there a particular guitar player that was very influential to how you play? Well, I think my approach to music in general, not just to guitar, but to all the instruments I play, is to get the most out of 'em I can. That's the guitar, the banjo, the harmonic, all these things.


Everything I like about those instruments and especially the piano, is that in the style of music I was steeped in and brought up in, which is mostly the world, the country blues, there was this magical thing that would happen where one musician would sit down and create this beautiful world where nothing was missing. You didn't need basses or drums or a second musician or anything. They just sit down with their fingers and their instruments and their voice and create this world where nothing was missing. So that's the approach I took to all my instruments and especially the guitar because that was the, that was the world that I was surrounded by.


And just having that access to that real fool sound and something I wanna maintain. And I don't know, I think that's probably the biggest contribution why I've remained one of the few soloists out there. There's not too many people who can hold the audience's attention for, you know, two one hour sets with just one person on stage and their instruments. But my audience has never seemed to be disappointed. I was wondering if you could show us, perhaps with an instrumental, like how you approach the blues and the blues can be played lots of different ways. Like one of, one of the ways that it's often played is, is like a simple three chord song, but there's a lot going on in the way you play the blues.


So could you demonstrate that I, I know you brought a guitar with you and I heard when you were getting ready that this is quite an old guitar, huh? Oh yeah, this is a, this is the cheapest guitar that Gibson made cost 4 95 when it was for sale, a little Kalamazoo. And When you say 4 95 I think you mean $4 and 95 cents. $4 and 95 cents, half a week's wages. And so how old is this guitar then? Is it about a hundred years old? I think it's from 28, 29. Oh, so not yet a birth, not a century. Yeah. So you said that you, when you're playing a guitar solo, you want it to sound like a bunch of instruments kind of playing together. Could you show us what that's like on the guitar?


Alright. Alright, I got you there. I got you there all. Well, when you, when you want that nice full sound out of the guitar, you've gotta have a nice little rhythm behind you. And that could be just about anything. Let's try this one. That's the rhythm of the song. So now you have this nice accompaniment to back up anything you want, and then you've got your voice, which you can lay on top of it, which I ain't doing nothing now, but talking.


But you also got some fingers that you can play with too, to a nice little voice.


That's Jerome Paxton with his guitar joining us today. He's a new album of all original compositions called Things Done, Changed Jerron. You grew up in South Los Angeles near Watts. What was your home like? It was, it was a lovely place. I'd say I was, you know, we didn't have too much money, but I was surrounded by the one thing you couldn't get enough of, which was love and had a big multi-generational family. I was in the house with my mother and my grandmother and for the first few years it was my grandpa, my uncle, my aunt. So it was with me, it was six of us in there and my great-grandmother was across the street and you know, three of her children were around her and you know, all the cousins would come over at least once a week to visit her and you know, so I grew up around lots of lovely family and you know, big backyard that 80% of the food I grew up eating came out of.


Well, you've said that you were a throwback from a family of throwbacks. What does, what does that mean? Well, you could probably tell that just in the music I love and my aesthetic that things that are certain levels of contemporary don't quite appeal. And I tend to, like some people call it tradition, some people call it old fashioned, you know, I just like things of a certain aesthetic that tend to be a little bit older than what we have now. And my grandmother was the same way. She was born in 28 and she was sort of a, a throwback to not her mother's age, who she was born in 1906, but more her father's age. And he was born 1886.


In certain ways she was like that, but in certain ways she was a very modern woman. So when you've got a person who's throwing back to the 1880s, you know, you've got something there. And then her father was a bit of a throwback himself. And when you're a throwback and you're born in 1886, You're going back pretty far, you Going back a long ways. You know, he played a throwback banjo, which is sort of kind of why I played this instrument. The instrument he didn't play didn't match his age. It more matched his parents' age, but that's the kind of person he was. It sounds like you were particularly drawn to the country blues. Like what, what do you think it was that spoke to you?


Well, it was, the thing that spoke to me the most about the music was the tone of the instruments. And it's something till yet I still have a prejudice towards. I truly, in my heart of hearts, believe acoustic instruments have more power than any other instruments around. You know, even hearing the same acoustic music through a speaker or through headphones or anything like that, does not compare with having an instrument as the same, in the same room as you. And having the air that vibrates outta that instrument vibrate you and your eardrums. And you know, I've done it, I've experienced it as a participant and as an audience member, just the emotional power of being in the room with somebody playing the instrument quite well, it, it can't be beat.


And I think I could gather that at that young age through those old scratchy records, not even knowing what it was or having no idea. You know, like I said, I was a seven, 8-year-old kid who, you know, first heard John Hurt and Scott Dunbar and Buckle White and people like that. And I didn't know, you know, I didn't know that there were two kind of guitars and things like that, but that just the sonic beauty of those instruments just wrapped me up and took me away. And, and when did you start playing banjo? I started playing banjo before I played the guitar. I started playing banjo when I was about, oh, I think about 13 and a half, about 18 months after playing the fiddle and being pretty bad at that in my early days and realizing most of the fiddle I like was surrounded by banjo music.


And you said your grandfather played the banjo? He played the banjo, the guitar and the fiddle. So I've heard, but this would be my great-grandfather. Your great-grandfather. Yeah, my grandma's daddy, who was born way back in 86. But according to granny, they had to run off a plantation when she was about six or seven or so years old and had to leave Joe's instruments behind then. So nobody too much younger than her, which she was the oldest, which shoot, that includes everybody. She, nobody younger than her really remembers Joe playing any instruments, but she remembers seeing a banjo on the wall and hearing the sounds of it and guitars and fiddles and things like that.


I don't know how great a musician he was, but she knows he played them Well. You brought a banjo with you today. It's a, it's kind of a special banjo. Can you tell us about it? This banjo I brought with me here, it's one I've been playing for a while. It's a 1848 model banjo sticker model banjo, as they call it. They don't know how many of these, how popular these things got, but I like the way they're, they're constructed. They tend to produce a bity sound On the song that you play on the album. It's all over. Now in the liner notes you say that you play this stroke style. Can you explain what that is or demonstrate that for us? All right.


The, the stroke style is what they called in books published at the time is, I guess what they call claw hammer banjo now, or fralin or whatever. I, and I think most of those words can be traced back to none other than the great New Yorker, Pete Seeger. Pete Seeger had a big influence on banjo culture, much bigger than he's given credit for, which I think includes finding those words and making them ubiquitous among banjo players. But the stroke style is you, you stroke the string with the tops of your fingers, rather than Picking It like that with each individual finger.


You hit it with the top and you could hear it like the difference between picking and each one of those stroke notes have a little bit punchier sound and you combine that with your, the way you play with your thumb, and you give a nice cross cultural reference here, ah, that's called brand new shoes.


John, that was great. Our guest today is Jerron Paxton. His new album is called Things Done Changed. We'll hear more of the interview after a short break. I'm Sam Briger and This is Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from Capella University. Learning doesn't have to get in the way of life. With Capella's game changing FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your own schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to earn your degree. Instead, enjoy learning your way and pursue your educational and career goals without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Support for this podcast. And the following message come from Humana employees are the heartbeat of your business. That's why Humana offers group dental, vision, life, and disability plans designed to protect them. Exceptional service, broad networks, and modern benefits. That's the power of human care.


This message comes from NPR sponsor LAN's End Outfitters. You've worked hard to build your brand. So why settle for one size fits all clothing. LAN's End Outfitters creates apparel your employees truly want to wear. See why LAN's End Outfitters has been a branded apparel supplier to some of the world's most respected brands for more than 30 years. Go to business.lanzen.com/pod 20 and use Code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product. That's business.lanzen.com/pod 20. Code pod 20.


When you were a teenager, you started having trouble with your eyesight. What, what was happening? Well, I'd had trouble with my peripheral vision my whole life, but then I had two different eye diseases that start to mess with my central vision. And once that started to happen, the problems with my peripheral vision got to be pretty unavoidable. And, you know, and some places got to be a little bit hazardous, you know, I don't know if you know, but people from South Central, especially during the day and time I grew up, we didn't move too much. And Los Angeles being a big driving culture, you sure didn't walk any place.


You know, I, I left as an 18-year-old having, I think maybe walked a mile in my neighborhood and could count the times I did that on one hand. So, you know, things like curbs were a bit unfamiliar to me. So, you know, imagine a a pretty healthy strap and boy just kind of bumbling and falling all over the place. That's what I was up to for a little while. What's your eyesight like now? It's, it's about the same. Still have big troubles with my peripheral vision, which stops me from driving my central vision. I think it's better than what it was, but part of that is the technologies improved.


You know, I used to go around New York City with a little small telescope around my neck to see things like, you know, train signs and street signs and things like that. Now that I'm an iPhone user, which I never thought I would be, you know, I could zoom in on something 10 times and that, that's actually a lot more handy than this little telescope I was using. Well, I think because of your eyesight you had to reconsider what you wanted to do for work. Is that correct? Yeah, yeah. I was going to drive trains and things like that and you know, I'd probably have done some of the other laboring jobs that most of the folks in my family have done, but when I say not being able to drive is just about the biggest disability I have.


It's really true. You know, Since you were so interested in transfer, you were interested in being a train driver as a kid. Do you, do you particularly like train songs? Oh yeah, I think so. As much as I, people who like rural music tend to get stereotypes as loving songs about trains and Mama You, you can't help it, I don't think. But if I find a good train song, I'll sit and listen to it for a good while. Would you mind playing one that you like particularly? Oh, well, my favorite is probably the Pullman Passenger Train, which I can't do here. Let's see. Before you play the harmonica, I just wanna say that like all the instruments you play, you seem to be able to make it sound like you're playing two different parts on the harmonica.


So I just want, I don't know if you do that in this song, but I just wanted listeners to keep an ear out for that. Oh yeah. It, it's not, it is not sounding like I'm playing two different parts. I am playing two. Well, yeah, okay, fair enough. Let's see, I maybe I'll start off, start off this way. Oh, that harmonica has been set on. Hold on. Ooh, that one's been set on too.


That John, that was great. Thank you. That was our guest, John Paxton playing the harmonica. Was that hard to figure out how to do In the words of Fat Waller? It's easy to do when you know how. Okay, well that couldn't be more cryptic if I'd asked. Yeah, I watched a video of you playing and singing a song. Hesitation Blues. Yeah. All right. And no, no, no, but I, but at one point you were singing and then you, you played the harmonica with your nostril at one point. Hey, there's a lot of different ways to skin a cat and entertain the audience.


You that. Well, thank you for doing that. Cheers J Paxon. I just want to thank you so much for coming in today to bring your instruments and playing some music for us. Thank you very much. Thank you Sam. John Paxton's new album is called Things Done Changed Disney Plus, which already gave us the three part Beatles documentary, get Back and the Restored version of Their Let It Be Film has another new Beatles documentary to present called Beatles 64. It covers a very short but significant period in the group's history.


Our TV critic, David Bian Cooley has this review. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Goodnight Live from New York, the Ed Sullivan Show 60 years later. What can a new film say or show about the Beatles first trip to America that isn't already familiar or that is presented in a significantly different fashion? As it turns out quite a lot, Beatles 64. The new documentary presented by Disney Plus works really well at exploring and explaining an intense two week period in musical and cultural history. Director David Eski starts his film with the group's first trip to New York Landing at the newly renamed John F. Kennedy Airport on February 7th, and ends with their return to Liverpool.


15 days later in between, they hold up at the Plaza Hotel, reached 73 million viewers on their first appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show. Played their first US concert in Washington, dc. Did a second live Ed Sullivan show from Miami and flew back home. Triumphant leaving America in the first giant wave of Beatlemania Beatles 64. The film benefits greatly from behind the scenes and fan's eye view footage shot at the time by the Maisels brothers, Albert and David, who also famously shot film of early Bob Dylan, the Rolling Stones at Altamont and Little Ededie and big Edie at Gray Gardens.


The Group's first press conference at JFK has the press trying to make fun of the Beatles or treat them as novelties, but the four lads from Liverpool instantly win them over. When one reporter repeats the accusation that the Beatles are nothing but for Elvis Presley's, Ringo's star wiggles his pelvis in response. And John Lennon follows to raus laughter from the reporters from the very start. They treat the press not as something to fear, but something to play. Could you please sing something? No. Sorry. Next quick. There's some doubt that you can sing. No, we need money First.


Psychiatrist briefly said to nothing but four Elvis Leys. Oh, be fine. It's not true. It's not true. What do you think your music does for these people? Well, pleases them, I think. Well, they must do 'cause they're buying it. Why does it excite them so much? We don't know really. If we need, we'd form another group and be managers. Vintage interview and performance clips are collected and presented artfully. George Harrison in an interview from the nineties explains why the Beatles hit America and the press the way they did. The Beatles were very, I mean, they actually were funny. Everybody in Liverpool thinks they're a comedian.


I mean, that's a well-known fact. And you all you have to do is drive up there and go through the Mersey Tunnel and the guy on the toll booth is a comedian. You know, they all are. We had that kind of bred and born into us. And when you just transposed it into New York or somewhere, it was, it was great. I mean, we were just being hard faced really. And they loved it. And do you think it was being made even stronger by the fact there were four of you bouncing off one another? Absolutely. Yeah. You just dried up and somebody else was already there with another Fab Quip. Yeah. Another wonderful vintage interview from a decade ago has singer Ronnie Specter talking about how she and the Ronettes helped the Beatles escape from the Plaza Hotel, which was surrounded by a mob of adoring teenage fans.


I'll tell you the truth, they had to escape. They were prisoners. So I got a limousine. We went down the back stairs and went to Harlem. I said, I'm taking you to Harlem. Nobody will notice you up there. And they didn't, they thought they were a bunch of Spanish dogs because of Spanish Harlem. So they didn't pay them any mind. We went into Sherman's Barbecue, it was called hundred 51st and Amsterdam. They went in and they loved it because it, nobody recognized them. You know, the black guys are eating their ribs and the Spanish guys and nobody paid them any attention. And it was great. They loved that, that nobody paid them any attention. See how sweet they were? They didn't, they didn't care about stardom so much. Oh, we're gonna be on Ed Sullivan.


They said Ronnie, who's Ed Sullivan? You know The film features new interviews as well. One of the film's producers, Martin Scorsese conducts separate interviews with Paul McCartney. And Ringo McCartney is filmed at his Brooklyn photographic exhibit from earlier this year where he points out one of his favorite photos that he took during those two wild weeks. The Beatles are relaxing poolside in Miami, and George is being handed a drink by a young woman, Liverpool guys, 15 years after World War ii. And we're now here in Miami. This is the one that sums up the good life in Florida.


He's got his shades on, he's got the sunshine, he's got his drink and he's got the girl in the yellow bikini delivering it to him. Instead of emphasizing the very familiar Ed Sullivan footage, Beatles 64 instead presents complete songs from the much rarer Washington DC performance, which was filmed in the round in a boxing ring for a closed circuit TV presentation. Giles Martin, the son of Beatles, producer George Martin, remixed the music and it sounds great. One of the young people in the audience that day was film director David Lynch, who talks about it. I was in high school. I lived in Alexandria, Virginia.


I was into rock and roll music, mainly Elvis Presley who brought rock and roll music to the world, to me. Anyway, I ended up going to this concert. I didn't really have any idea that it was the first concert. I, I didn't and, and I don't, I don't know. And it was, I didn't have any idea how big this event was. And it was in a gigantic place where they had boxing matches. The Beatles were in the boxing ring. It was so loud. You can't believe Other fresh stories come from such people as Jamie Bernstein, the daughter of Leonard Bernstein, record producer Jack Douglas, who tells a fabulous story about John Lennon and Motown singer Smokey Robinson, who talks of the importance of the Beatles covering one of his songs a year or so later, he'd return the favor on national television by singing Yesterday with the Miracles.


They Were the first white group that I'd ever heard in my life. The first white artist ever of their magnitude that I had ever heard in my life say, yeah, we grew up listening to black music. We love Motown, we listen black music. We don't love this person, this one. No other white artist had ever said that. Not any one of magnitude until the Beatles said that By collecting the footage, gathering the stories, and presenting very generous samples of the songs, Beatles 64 makes it clear why the Beatles made such an impact and why the group and its music continue to not only be remembered, but revered.


David Bian Cooley is professor of television studies at Rowan University. He's at work on a book about the visual artistry of the Beatles. He reviewed Beatles 64 now streaming on Disney Plus. Coming up Terry talks with author Michael Owen about Ira Gershwin the lyricist behind some of the most enduring songs in the Great American popular Songbook. We'll hear plenty of great Gershwin music. I'm Sam Briger and This is Fresh Air Weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsored Grammarly. You use multiple platforms every day at work. Writing is involved for most of them. That's why Grammarly works where you work. 96% of Grammarly users say it helps them create more impactful writing. It works across 500,000 apps and websites with one click go from editing drafts and hours to seconds. Sign up and download for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's G-R-A-M-M-A-R-L y.com/podcast. Easier said, done.


Hi, I'm Laurel Wamsley and I cover personal finance for NPR. That means I report on some of the questions that might keep you or your loved ones up at night. Like, will I ever be able to buy a home? What about retirement as interest rates drop, where should I put my money? Economic headlines can be confusing, but NPR is here to help you make sense of them. To support this coverage, please give today@donate.npr.org From the online trends that dominated 2024 on the spectrum Of brat to demure. Where are you right Now? To spicy TikTok viral reads, these romance fantasy books about Dragons NPR kept you up to speed on pop culture all year long. Give back to the news source that just hits different by donating today at donate dot NPR dot org.


And thank you. Our next guest author Michael Owen, talks with Terry about the life and enduring lyrics of Ira Gershwin. His new book is called Ira Gershwin A Life in Words. Here's Terry, The classic songs lady. Be good embraceable you. It's wonderful. Love is here to stay. Let's call the whole thing off. Fascinating rhythm. I got rhythm, I've got a crush on you. My ship, the man that got away long ago and far away I could go on. They all have lyrics by Ira Gershwin. Most of his best known songs were written with his younger brother, the pianist and composer, George Gershwin. But Ira also wrote with Harold Arlen, Jerome Kern and Kurt Vile.


My guest, Michael Owen is the author of the new book, IRA Gershwin A Life In Words. Owen was the archivist for the IRA and Leonard Gershwin Trusts until those papers were given to the Library of Congress. Owen now works with the Trusts as a consulting archivist and historian. He's also the author of a book about the singer Julie London. Let's start with Ella Fitzgerald, singing Lady Be Good From Her 1959 album. Ella Fitzgerald sings the George and Ira Gershwin Songbook. It's the title song from an early Gershwin musical. Oh, sweet Lady Am so in.


I tell you Michael Owen, welcome to Fresh Air. I love the Gershwin's music, so it's a pleasure to be able to talk with you about it. I open with Late to Be Good 'cause I think it ties together the early part of Ira Gershwin's career with the part in the 1950s when he wasn't really writing much and his career, his songs like Needed a Boost, and Ella Fitzgerald's Gershwin's Songbook really helped give him that. So can you talk a little bit about the importance of both of those ends? You know, the Lady B Good musical and the Ella Fitzgerald Gershwin's Songbook.


Thank you first off for having me on. 1924 was absolutely a big year for Ira, IRA and George. It brought them together for the first time as a songwriting team to write a Broadway show. And because Lady B Good was such a success, it fostered the, the rest of their career together. But by the time the late 1950s came around when Ella Fitzgerald recorded the songbook, Iris career had come to an end. He might not have known that at the time, but it did. We know that now. And the songbook, one of a series of songbooks that at El Fitzgerald did, of other songwriters of the period brought a new light, a new focus on the songs that the brothers wrote.


And so it was a commercial success, it was an artistic success and it brought on a wealth of new recordings of those songs and others in the catalog and helped Ira financially quite well. George and Ira had very different interests and personalities. George was more extroverted. Ira was a more like shy or wanted to stay more in the background. And you know, George was very musical. Ira was immersed in words. He, he read a lot. He kept a record of what he read. He started writing Light Verse that was published in the college magazine or newspaper and other places were they close as children being so different from each other.


They were only two years apart and they were the first and second children of Morris and Rose Gershwin. So they, they grew up together even though their interests were very separate. George was somebody who went out and got into fights and came home with a black eye. Iro was back in his room reading newspaper articles and, and magazines and books. So, you know, his life became more one of observation rather than activity. Whereas George's life would've been a 180 degree difference from that. When Ira was young, either in high school or college, he became friends with the Yip Harburg, the lyricist, probably most famous for writing the lyrics for the Wizard of Oz.


And he also wrote the very famous lyric, brother, can you spare a dime? And not only were they friends and they often like talked about not only poetry and light verse, but also lyrics together. Ira actually contributed a couple of lines to Over The Rainbow from the Wizard of Oz. What was IRA's contribution? Well, all three of the writers who were friends, Harold Arlan, the composer and, and y Harburg and, and Ira, who had been classmates and writing partners together before, when Arlan and Harburg had been hired to write the score at MGM for Wizard of Oz.


They played the tune that arlen's tune that that became over the rainbow for Ira because he was a sounding board. And, and I must say that, that that was the way it was in with all these writers of that period. They were all generally friendly to each other. I don't think there was a lot of competition. I mean, there was competition obviously, but there, there wasn't angry competition. So when the song was finished, or at least when Harburg and Arlen thought the song was finished, they came over to IRA's house and I sit down at the piano and play the tune and Harburg sang the song. And I, IRA liked it a lot, but he, he felt like that there was something missing at the end, a coda to the song.


And so Ira was the one who came up with the line about Blue Birds flying at the end, which is one of the more famous lines from the song. But If happy little Blue Birds fly beyond the rainbow, why or why can't I? Right. And and I I think that sums up the song in many ways. It sums up the film, it sums up Dorothy's journey. But I, I think he just was helping out his friends and whether he got credit for that or not didn't really make that much difference to him. And he did not get credit as a I He didn't, he did not get credit. No, no. Why don't we just hear that code up. Just hear the end of the song.


If Happy Little Blue Birds fly beyond the, That was the end of Somewhere Over The Rainbow from The Wizard of Oz. And we heard those last couple of lines, which were actually written by Ira Gershwin, IRA read so many books and you know, wrote Light Verse. And some of the lyrics have really fun, funny literary references in them.


And an example for that is, but Not for Me, which is a, a beautiful song and it has a line, I found more Skies of Gray than any Russian play can guarantee one of his famous lines. Can you talk a little bit about that song and where, how it originated? Well, but Not For Me was one of the songs What that was written for the 1930 Musical Girl Crazy, which featured a very young Ginger Rogers that that was a song that, that Ginger Rogers sang in the show, ballad that she sang. And it was also the show that that brought Ethel Merman to everybody's attention. So I got Rhythm as in the same show, and it was perhaps the height of the Gershwin's silly shows by 1930 before they went into some of the political shows of the few years after.


And then Porgy Bess, but not for me, is, it's a very romantic ballad and you can take it that way. But if you listen to the lyrics closely, you can hear both Iris's influences because as you say, he, he read a lot and he had a huge library, but also his tricky rhymes about wedding knots and being that that was not for me, Part of the lyric. And it's the end of the lyric goes when every Happy Plot ends with a marriage knot and there's no knot for me. So Right. As a a, a clever play on words.


Absolutely correct. And I, and I think that one of the things that Ira complained about sometimes was that in a theater, most people were never gonna get that sense of the song. They were gonna hear the two words and the two sounds not, and not, and they'd think they were the same thing. And it was only the people who actually studied the sheet music or who sang the song professionally who might pick it up. But he did this on purpose. Why? Because he always wanted to have some fun with the lyrics. I don't think he ever thought of lyric writing, particularly in his early years as a job so much as, as it was his way of making his thoughts about love and art known to the world of musical theater and film, music and popular songs.


And whether people got that or not, that certainly wasn't up to him. But he was very protective of his lyrics. And when, when singers would sing songs and not in the way that he wrote them singing, I've Got Rhythm, instead of I Got Rhythm, you know, he was, he was somewhat offended by that in a humorous way. It was the same with s Wonderful. Oh, absolutely. Somebody sang, it's wonderful. He'd get pretty upset. And I was listening to the Lee Wiley, she did a whole set of Gershwin songs and she sings, it's wonderful. It's supposed to s wonderful, but she's such a great singer. Anyhow, let's not get too distracted and hear, let's hear, but not for me.


Should we hear Lee Wiley singing it? Absolutely. Let's hear Lee Wiley. And, and this is on her recording from the 1930s, right? Yes. Lee Wiley was, she's generally a forgotten name in, in the world of popular song these days, but she was one of the first performers to do what we now call songbook albums. So let's hear Lee Weil is recording from the 1930s of George and Ira Gershwin's, but not for me. They're writing songs love, but not for me Lucky stars, but not for me.


We love, love guarantee. I was a fool to fall and get that way.


I from memory of your kids As Lee Wiley recorded in the 1930s singing the Gershwin song, but not for me. My guest, Michael Owen, is the author of a new book called Ira Gershwin A Life In Words. What was their approach to writing together? Everybody wants to know what came first, the words or the music and their approach to writing together changed over the years.


It did. I, IRA jokingly would usually say that what came first was the contract, but Sammy K used to say that too. Yes, I think they said that. Think they, I think they all said that. Yeah. Yes. And in the early days, and you know, I would say that it would've been from the twenties into the mid 1930s, it was usually George's melodic ideas that started the ball rolling for a song. And it, it might just have been a fragment of a, a melody. And Ira had a very good memory for melodies, even though he couldn't really play the piano, but he did remember them in, in a certain way that kept them in his mind and could bring them back and try to remind his brother of something that might have been brought up a few months earlier.


And it, it was a very unique relationship. I mean, I know that every songwriter worked in a, in a, in a different way. Songwriting partnerships worked in different ways, but typically over the years, IRA would be at a little card table next to George at the piano and he would have his big sheets of paper with him and he would just gribble out ideas. And if you looked at some of the archival material that I used in writing this book and, and went through IRA's papers as I did, you can see the, you know, the vast amount of changes and ideas that flowed through his head as his brother was elaborating on these melodies.


But eventually over the years, it became more of a, a joint partnership that it wasn't always the music that came first, particularly as, as they got into the, what the so-called political musicals of the thirties of the I Sing and, and things like that where the lyrics came more to the forefront of the show rather than the music. Memorable music, though it is, but it, it, this was the lyrics, the satirical nature of those lyrics that brought Ira to a new level where people were starting to compare him to one of his idols. Gilbert Ws Gilbert of Gilbert Solomon fame. How did Ira Wan's life end?


Well, IRA died in 1983. He had been house bound for a number of years, and his, his last real work was in, in the 19 early 1960s. And so after the end of the 1960s, which was basically the last time he traveled, he increasingly stayed at his house. He had had a, a stroke and various other physical ailments over the years, which had, were leaving him more incapacitated. And, but I, you know, I will say that his final years actually were quite good ones because among other things was the arrival of a, of a young man by the name of Michael Feinstein, who I know you've had on your show, who was hired initially to sort of entertain Ira and wound up working on, on IRA's archive.


And, and, and I did some similar work to what Michael did in terms of the, the archive, but certainly not entertaining Ira, I wasn't around then, but, and there was a piano that was brought up into, into IRA's bedroom. And, and Michael spent a lot of time at the house singing for Ira, some of the more obscure corners of IRA's catalog, which, you know, entertained, you know, a man who had become somewhat isolated. But it was a good life, it was a successful life. And you know, it is certainly one that is well remembered by those of us who love great songs, great lyrics, and the Great American Songbook.


Michael Owen, thank you so much for talking with us. Thank you, Terry. It's been a pleasure. Michael Owens new book is Ira Gershwin A Life In Words. Fresh Air Weekend is produced today by Thea Caller, fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Anne Marie Baldonado, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Susan Kudi, and Anna Balman. Our digital media producers are Molly Cve Nesper and Sabrina Seward.


For Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley. I'm Sam Briger.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Betterment. The drama of having an enemy turned lover is never chill, but your investing portfolio should be. Betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances. Their automated tech makes it easy to get in the market and stay in the market. Save the drama for that moment when you realize your mortal enemy is actually your soulmate betterment. Be invested and totally chill. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Ford Mustang Mach e with the bold style and performance of a Mustang. This all electric SUV offers seamless technology so you never have to choose between what you want and what you need. More at ford.com/mustang mach e


This message comes from NPR sponsor Oxfam Oxfam operates in more than 75 countries around the world providing lifesaving aid to people in times of crisis while fighting inequality for the long term. This giving season donated Oxfam america.org/npr.