
Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels with over 300 independent hotels around the world. Each exactly like nothing else. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of hotel brands. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


From WHYY in Philadelphia. I'm Terry Gross with Fresh Air weekend. Today Al Pacino talks about The Godfather and about growing up in the South Bronx with a single mother, little money and friends who never made it out alive. He has a new memoir. Also, we hear from Secher Ronan She stars in two new films, including The Outrun about a young woman struggling with alcoholism to try to get sober. She moves back to her family's sheep farm in Scotland. Ronan had to learn new skills for that role, And I was thrown straight onto the Orny mainland. and I had my hand up a you and was pulling a lamb out and I did that seven times.


Ronan's other film currently in theaters is the World War II drama Blitz. Our film critic Justin Chang, will have a review that's coming up on Fresh Air weekend.


This message comes from Schwab With Schwab investing themes, it's easy to invest in ideas you believe in. Like online music and videos, artificial intelligence, electric vehicles, and more. Schwab's research uncovers emerging trends. Then their technology curates relevant stocks into over 40 themes. To choose from Schwab Investing themes is not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock or investment strategy. Visit schwab.com/thematic investing.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This message is brought to you by Lisa. In collaboration with West Elm, discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.


This message comes from Warby Parker prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm Terry Gross. My guest is Al Pacino. Don't ask me about my business. Kate, is it true? Don't ask me about my business. No. Well, I'm going to ask Pacino about his business. By which I mean his art. It sounded, It sounded like a shot to me. It did. I know. It's, it's you slamming the table. Oh, alright. As long as it's not a gun. I've had enough of those. So I'm gonna talk to Pacino about his remarkable performance in the Godfather Films and other films will also talk about his life. He's written a new memoir called Sonny Boy, which is the name his mother used to call him.


It spans his life from the days he grew up in the South Bronx, raised by a single mother with little money to falling in love with the language of the great playwrights, Sternberg, Chekhov and Shakespeare. Getting his start in Avantgarde Theater in Greenwich Village. Surprising himself by becoming a movie star. Nearly dying from Covid and all the ups and downs along the way in case you need to be reminded. Some of his Now classic films include Dog Day, afternoon, Serco and Scarface. Although he stard along with Robert De Niro and Godfather two, they never had a scene together, but they were together in heat. And more recently in Martin Scar's film, the Irishman Pacino won an Oscar for his performance incent of a woman.


He won an Emmy for his performance in the HBO adaptation of the Play Angels in America, playing Roy Cone. He starred in the film adaptation of David Mamet's Pulitzer Prize winning play. Glen Gary Glen Ross, and later started in a Broadway revival of the show but in a different role. Al Pacino. Welcome to Fresh Air. So exciting to have you here. Oh, Thank you. I'm very happy to be here. I wanna get to a lot of your life. I wanna start by talking about The Godfather. So I wanna start with a scene from the first Godfather film. You've begun your transformation into the killer Michael, into the crime family. Michael, you know, you start coming home from the military, you don't want any part of the crime family, but then you're kind of pulled in after your father is shot.


Yes. So here's a scene from Godfather. One. You've be begun. You've begun your transformation into the hardened Michael. Your father's still alive, but Michael is preparing to take over from him. And you have become so hard and like you hardly blink in some scenes including this one. So you're with Mo Green, a Vegas casino owner kind of modeled on Bugsy Siegel and the Corleone family has helped back him also in the scene as Michael's older brother, but not very bright brother Fredo played by John Al and the family lawyer Tom played by Robert Duval. Mo Green is played by Alex Rocco.


You speak first. Coon family wants to buy you out. Coone family wants to buy me out. No, I buy you out. You don't buy me out. Your casino loses money. Maybe we can do better. You think I'm skimming off the top? Mike, You're unlucky. You damn guineas really make me laugh. I do you a favor and take Freddie in when you're having a bad time and then you try to push me out. Wait a Minute, you took Freddie in because the Corleone family Bankrolled your casino because the Molinari family on the coast guaranteed his safety. Now we're talking business. Let's talk Business. Yeah, Let's talk business.


Mike. First of all, you're all done. The Cote family don't even have that kind of muscle anymore. The Godfather is sick, right? You're getting chased outta New York by Bini and the other families. What do you think is going on here? You think you can come to my hotel and take over? I talked to Bini. I can make a deal with him and still keep my hotel. Is that why you slapped my brother around in public? Oh no. That, that, that was nothing. Mike now, now molded me. Nothing but that. Sure. He flies off the handle once in a while, but, but mowing me, were good friends, right Mo? Huh? I got a business to run. I got a kick asses sometimes to make a run. Right? We had a little argument Freddy and I. So I had to straighten him out.


You straightened my brother out. He was banging cocktail waitresses two at a time. Players couldn't get a drink at the table. What's wrong with you? I leave for New York tomorrow. Think about a price. Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. Wait a minute Mo Mo, I got an idea. Tom. Tom, you're the conci and you can talk to the Don. You can Explain Just a minute now. Don is semi-retired and Mike is in charge of the family business. Now. Have anything to say? Say to Mike. Mike, you don't come to Las Vegas and talk to a man like Mo Green like that Fredo.


You're my older brother and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the family. Again. I just love that scene so much. Yeah, it's interesting on radio too. It works. Just hearing it and not seeing it. Does that Work Though? Yeah, it does. Yeah, really does. I was thinking maybe they'll do the Godfather on radio someday. That that's great idea. Yeah, You you know, I interviewed Michael Kane years ago and the great actor Michael Cain and he was saying when you, when you're playing a powerful pot, you don't wave your hands around. 'cause when you have the power, people are looking at you. Your every subtle gesture they're trying to read you, they're trying to stay in your good graces and stay safe.


And so weak people move their hands around. Powerful people don't. Hmm. When we started talking, you were moving around a lot. So I'm thinking was it hard for you to be as still as Michael is when he is exerting his power? 'cause he knows how to not be still when he needs to, but he can be very still and very opaque and very threatening at the same time. I know, I don't know how I did that. Yeah, I was wondering, I dunno, till this day, what, what possessed me? You literally like, don't blink in that scene. I think you blinked once. How do you do that? Well, I was in the situation, as they say, and I guess it, it, it came to me, you know, because things like that happen if you, you know, stay the course.


Meaning if you are with whoever you are when you're playing it and your instincts are operating, I guess I, I was lucky and I, I just went in that direction and I didn't do it consciously. So you grew up in the South Bronx, you hung out with a pretty tough crowd. Yeah. And used to like jump from rooftop to rooftop. Oh yeah. We were wild. You threw Trash down Wild. You, you'd be on the rooftop and throw trash down on Saturday nights Too. Well we would on Saturday nights when we were like to Young men with their dates. Yeah, yeah. We would go there and throw like lettuce at 'em and stuff and they, they always wanted to kill us, but they couldn't catch us.


Was that We would do it on occasion. On occasion. We didn't do it a lot. But when we did, I remember it. Where Was the fun in doing that? It, God only knows 'cause everybody else was doing it. That's what we, it was something we were all doing together. Like we were in an orchestra. We just would go up there and like part of growing up where I was, was being chased. That was the fun of everything. Chased by who? Well, anybody that we screwed around with and you know, that's how we, we did, we didn't only do these things. I'm sorry they stand out from time to time, but I remember my childhood is running.


At least three of your closest friends died of drug related deaths. Were they heroin overdoses? Yeah. How did you imagine manage to avoid that yourself? Well, I believe my mother, my mother just was there and she just, no way, you know, we, we, it was just territory there in South Bronx. We were, they were calling me late at night on a school night. Come on out, you know, who knows what they were gonna be doing. I think it's in the book too. And they call up and my mother just said no.


and I was so angry with her. You know, it, all these things come back to you and you finally, I remember when, about 30 years ago, I'm in my house in New York and I'm shaving to go to an event. That's I, because I'm getting on an award of some sort. and I I was thinking about, what am I gonna say? You know? And then it just dawns on me. I'm shaving. You always see my face in the mirror and I thought you are here because of your mother.


What's what's the matter with you? I said, it's true. So I had this realization at age 52 that my mother was everything, you know? How old was she when she died? Did she get to see you be successful? No, my grandfather and all my mother saw me. They both died before I became successful. Your parents divorced before you were two when you were around eight months old. You were taken away from your mother and No, when I, I think I was a year and a half and I stayed with them for eight months. You Stayed with your grandparents? Yeah, my father's mo my father's mother and father.


And you say at least you were replaced for that with family and not, not a foster home. Yeah, that's right. Why were you taken away from your mother? I would imagine, of course. I I'm not very clear on that. I learned that after my mother had died from relatives that came to see me on Broadway and I. Just, it was just a revelation. And then a, you know, a bulb went off in my head and I thought Uhoh. There it is. That's why I do some of the things I do. Like What I don't know, like the behavior I had and the way I was in life. And, and that started me.


I went into therapy for the next 40 years After finding out about that trauma. It's just trauma, you know, trauma. We all have trauma. Trauma you didn't even know you had. It's interesting. Yeah, I Didn't, but that doesn't mean it didn't affect you Of course. No, no. So I, I know that my, my grandmother on my father's side raised me to the point where my grandmother and grandfather, that she had visitation rights in the divorce papers, which I found out and she was simply the most wonderful person.


I think I went there when I was a year and a half. That's tough stuff. So we need to take a short break here. So let me re reintroduce you. Okay. My guest is Al Pacino and he is written a new memoir called Sunny Boy. We'll hear more of our interview after a short break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air weekend. Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross host of the show. One of the things I do is write the weekly newsletter And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read.


It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday


morning. This message comes from Jackson, seek clarity in retirement planning@jackson.com. Jackson is short for Jackson Financial Inc. Jackson National Life Insurance Company, Lansing, Michigan, and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York Purchase New York.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Total Wine and more. With so many great bottles to choose from at the lowest price, it's easy to find your favorite cabernet or a new single barrel bourbon to try with some help from one of their friendly guides. And with every bottle comes the confidence of knowing you just found something amazing with the lowest prices for over 30 years. Find what you love and love what you find only at total wine and more. Visit total wine.com to learn more spirits not sold in Virginia and North Carolina. Drink responsibly B 21.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes car selling easy. Enter your license plate or vin, answer some questions and Carvana will give you a real offer in seconds. Whether you're looking to sell your car right now or whenever feels right, go to carvana.com to sell your car the convenient way.


This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm Terry Gross. Let's get back to my interview with Al Pacino. He has a new memoir called Sunny Boy. When we left off, we were talking about growing up in the South Bronx with his grandparents and single mother. There was a point where your mother was crying and kissing you all over and you were very young and you weren't understanding what's up. Why is this happening? Yeah, yeah. And then you return home and you see there's an ambulance in front of the building and it's your mother who they're there for. Was that, did she attempt to die by suicide? Yeah. Yes. How old were you?


I was about six. Did it register on you? What had happened? Did you comprehend it? I couldn't quite at six. I knew something was up and I, I I was, I was, you know, I lived with my grandmother and grandfather and my mother and I remember they all sitting at a table. I think this was after the war. So my uncle would be there and my, my aunt would be there. Everybody was talking about what to do. and I remember sitting there and they, they, they let me sit there. So I didn't quite understand what they were saying, but I knew it was a serious thing.


And, but you know, she came back. That must have been traumatizing too. See Her leaving on or seeing her in the streets. Somebody said to me as I'm running to see the ambulance, you know, we rarely saw ambulances coming on our block. and I saw it and there she was on a stretcher going into the, into the ambulance and I thought of, 'cause I couldn't believe it was my mother. These things don't happen to my mother, you know, and it was her 'cause they said, Hey, I hear it's your mother, Sonny. It's your mother. Mother, my mother. I said, no, nothing happens to my mother.


and I remember that feeling? And then the shock is seeing her in that it, it was, as they say, surreal. But it's clear in my memory. Yeah. She must have loved movies. 'cause she took you to the movies when you were Oh, she loved everything. My mother was very smart. She was, she read and had played the piano and I mean, very poor of course. But she was very, very intelligent. And my mother decided to go to the theater and take me to Broadway shows, among other things.


But she loved cattle on Hot Tin Roof and those kind of shows. She was very into, She took you to see when you were five, she took you to see The Lost Weekend during Ram Land as this like raging alcoholic. It's a great film. But he, you know, he, he got very self-destructive and I don't know, you were five and then you started acting out those scenes at home. Yeah, I started acting out the scenes Because you're so into it. Scenes. Yeah. I would act all the time when mom took me to the movies, I'd come back 'cause we lived alone and there was nobody there to play with. So I'd act out all the parts in the films I saw, and I and I acted out the last week and I showed it to my mother.


My mother said, oh, what is this? And they started laughing and then she'd show it to the families. Or when I was somewhere they'd say, Sonny, do the Do the Lost Weekend. and I would do the Lost weekend. and I never understood why they would laugh at someone in this predicament because it's where he's searching for a bottle of booze that he hid somewhere when he was sober and now he couldn't find it. And when he was drunk and now he can't find it. And he goes crazy opening drawers. And so, and I love doing that. And they would be laughing and I would say, why are they laughing to myself Actually? Do you understand now?


I sort of do. It's kind of funny to see a 5-year-old playing Well yeah, an adult in crisis. Yeah, A adult in crisis. It was totally disillusioned. And you know, With real commitment. I was right there. Yeah. You became an actor. Yes. You were gonna turn down the role in Godfather two. Well, the only reason I stayed in Godfather one is, I mean, you, you would quit if you were in it when everybody, when everybody's over there giggling at what you're doing, you know, and the whispers on the set, I said, I don't wanna be here. I said, I don't like being around people who don't want me around. I've never been that way. I just sort of shy off.


I don't wanna be there. But for Godfather two, I mean, godfather one was already a success, but with The two Oh yeah. Godfather two, Mario Puzo comes up to you with the script that he'd written and he said, this is crap. Yes. He said, I just want you to know before you read it, they want to do it and that this is crap. and I read it. And he was right. It was, it was not good. And so I, I just thought, well, I I, and they kept upping the ante. They kept giving me more money, but this, and I kept saying, but I don't want to do it. And then finally when Francis, 'cause Francis wasn't on the project, so Francis got on the project and he cut them off at about 700,000.


He said, no, he doesn't want money, he wants a good script. Stop giving him the money. Wait, so did, was the script rewritten? Yeah, well, he wrote it. This is a great script. Oh, I know. It was a great script. Hopefully We wrote the Script. Yeah. With, with Mario. And partially it was almost done, but me and Charlie still didn't think certain things were right. So me and Charlie went out to San Francisco and we said, let's, let's see if we could do this. You know, and Francis did really a great job and he, he just did. And, and we just worked with him a little bit.


and I remember thinking that was a very memorable moment, you know, so then it was done. I said yes, and it was a tough shoot for me because I just don't know. It was a time in my life where it's hard to describe it without lying down on the couch. It was hard Because of your personal life or Of of course, everything, I guess where my drinking had gotten to or all of it. I, I, I found myself in a, in a state of mind that was, oh, difficult.


I took Valium. Remember those days? Or you don't, you Valium. Valium. I remember those days. Do you remember Valium? Of course. Oh, I didn't take it, but certainly knew all about it. I mean, it was, it was everywhere. It was like, there were jokes about it and dramas about it. It was like one of the first really popular Yeah. Anti-anxiety medications. Yeah. I took that in drag at the same time, which is a no-No, that's, Yeah, that is. So I was a lucky boy. How did you manage to get through the film? You're so good at it. I mean, you're so good in the film. How did you manage? Well, that's probably why I was so, but thank you for mentioning that. It's, it, it just went very far.


I went very far into it because I always thought by the end of, of Godfather one, it looked like Michael was starting to become encased in whatever this thing took over him. You know, this place he went to to survive, to save his father's life and to continue his life. And it was a tough one. So, you know, 'cause I I I sort of see in Godfather two, a man who's cutting himself off. He's had to emotionally shut down to do what he felt he needed to do.


Yes, Yes. Mean, and become a monster. Yes. Did that have an impact on you having to emotionally Shut Down? It had to for the role. It had to, it had to, and I've learned since when you play situations and, and people that caught up in that web, it's, it's best to be happy every day. Sing cherry songs and then go on. Yeah, it's, it's actually true. I've known some actors, very good actors who just say, Nope, nope, I'm just doing my thing.


They could be dancing and singing and then just go right to it, but not you. And at that time I would do it. Now of course I do it. Yeah. The more difficult the role, the more you know and the more demanding or whatever you go the other way in your preparation because you got it all in you now. I mean this, you know, I, I think just to experience in doing this, the, the saying goes, time keeps me green. You know, because when you are acting or that, that thing that we do, and after a while it gets there into the body and into the, it just, it, it, it becomes part of you and you don't have to act anymore.


Thank you so much for talking with us. Oh, it's been a pleasure. Thank You. And thank you for all your great films, all your great performances and for the book. Thank you very Much. Thank you. Be well. You too. Al Pacino's new memoir is called Sunny Boy in the New World War II drama, Blitz Scher Ronan plays a London factory worker trying to protect her young son as German bombs fall across the city. It's the latest movie written and directed by the English filmmaker Steve McQueen. Blitz is playing in theaters and begin streaming on Apple tv. Plus on November 22nd, our film critic Justin Chang, has this review From Empire of the Sun to Is On Fall.


There's been no shortage of films that show us World War II. Through the eyes of a child, youthful innocence can magnify the horrors of war as it does in shattering dramas like come and see or the animated grave of the fireflies. But then there's hope and glory. John Boorman's 1987, portrait of his boyhood years during the Blitz. It's the rare film to treat life during wartime with a buoyant sense of adventure. The wonderful new movie Blitz is a sadder, more somber look at a time when German bombs rain down on London. The filmmaker Steve McQueen plunges us right into the chaos and devastation, the falling bombs, the burning buildings, and the utter randomness of death and survival.


But Blitz, while not exactly a movie for children, is nonetheless a story about a child. And it has powerful moments of wonderment, humor, and even joy. It follows a 9-year-old boy named George, played by the captivating newcomer Elliot Heffernan. It's 1940 and as the nightly air raids grow worse and worse, George's mother Rita, played by a luminous sir Saoirse Ronan decides to send him to the countryside where hundreds of thousands of English children were sent during the war. But George doesn't want to go. Why can't you come with me, sweetheart?


I told you it's an adventure for children. Only grown ups not allowed, but it's gonna be great. You're gonna make new friends. My friends are here. Yeah, well you play games in the countryside, that'd be nice. There'll be cows and there'll be horses. But they smell. I want to stay with you. I yeah, I know it is. Only until all this is over and then the schools will open again and life will get back to normal. I promise. Please, mom, don't send me away.


It may sound like a familiar even cliche seen, but beneath the stiff upper lip conventions, McQueen is up to something pointed and even subversive. George is the son of a white mother and a black father, a grenadian immigrant who was unjustly deported years earlier. As we see in a harrowing flashback, George never knew his dad, but he knows firsthand the racism his dad experienced. That's why he can't bear to be separated from his mother and his grandfather played by the great singer and songwriter Paul Weller. And so not long into his journey, George leaps from the train and heads back to London.


Blitz follows him from one peril to the next. There are sweet moments of uplift, like when he rides the rails with three boys also making their way home. The story also takes some darkly Dickensian turns like when George meets a gang of robbers who are exploiting the Blitz to their crooked advantage. In one moving chapter, George is aided by a friendly air raid warden named ife, nicely played by Benjamin Clementine. IFE is a Nigerian immigrant and almost certainly the first black man George has ever seen in a position of authority. It's here that the profundity of McQueen's vision comes into focus.


He may be working in a more classical mode than he did in historical dramas like hunger and 12 Years a Slave. But there's something quietly radical about his perspective. He's showing us in England that was more racially diverse and more racially divided than most movies of the period ever acknowledged. At times Blitz plays like a prequel to McQueen's 2020 anthology series. Small acts, a vibrant portrait of the West Indian community of London where he grew up. It also has some overlap with Occupied City. His 2023 documentary about Nazi occupied Amsterdam. A very different film about a city under siege race isn't the only thing on McQueen's mind.


He also salutes the crucial role women played in the war effort. Women like George's mom, Rita, who by day works in ammunitions factory and by night volunteers in an underground shelter. Once Rita learns that George is lost in London, Blitz becomes the heartrending tale of a mother and child trying to find each other across a bombed out landscape, a smoky ruin in Adam Stockhausen's brilliant production design for all these stark and apocalyptic images. The London we see in Blitz also pulses with life. The use of music throughout is inspired. and I don't just mean Han Zimmer's brooding score.


McQueen guides us into a dance hall where black musicians perform for white partygoers and threw up busy pub where George's granddad tickles the ivory one terrific scene unfolds on the factory floor. Where Rita, a gifted singer, cheers up the crowd with a song, an original tune as it happens. Co-written by McQueen and Nicholas Bruel. The music in these moments never feels like just a diversion. These are songs of defiance and in them you can hear, A nation's very will to survive. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed Blitz starring Scher Ronan.


She also stars on the new film The Outrun about a young alcoholic trying to get sober. Coming up, we'll talk with Scher Ronan. I'm Terry Gross, and This is Fresh Air weekend.


This message comes from NetSuite. What does the future hold for business? Can someone invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 38,000 businesses have future-proofed their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform. With real-time, insights and forecasting, you are able to peer into the future and seize new opportunities. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash story.


This message comes from our sponsor, Granger. This is the story of the one as a maintenance engineer, he hears things differently to the untrained ear. Everything on his shop floor might sound fine, but he can hear gears grinding or a belt slipping. So he steps in to fix the problem at hand before it gets out of hand. And he knows Grangers got the right product he needs to get the job done, which is music to his ears. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


This is Fresh Air weekend. I'm Terry Gross. Our next guest is four time Oscar nominee Sarah, she Ronan. We just heard about her film Blitz. She also stars in the new film, The Outrun. She starred in the earlier films, little Women, lady Bird and Atonement. She spoke with Fresh Airs and Marie Baldonado. Sarah, she Ronan's performance as a precocious young girl in the war. Drama Atonement got her her first Oscar nomination. She was only 13 at the time. And three other nominations were to follow One for the 2015 film. Brooklyn, about a young Irish woman in the 1950s torn between her new life in the US and her homeland.


She got two nominations for the film she made with Greta Gerwig, lady Bird in 2017 and Little Women in 2019. Her other movies include the Grand Budapest Hotel, the Lovely Bones, and Mary Queen of Scot's. This fall she has two films in theaters. In the movie Blitz by the director Steve McQueen. Ronan plays a mother living in London with her young son and elderly father all trying to survive the German bombing campaigns during World War ii. And in the film The Outrun, she plays a young woman whose life is derailed because of her addiction to alcohol. It's based on the bestselling memoir by Amy Lip Trott.


Ronan plays Rona, a dramatized version of Lip Trott, who's a graduate student living in London. When her drinking takes over, she tries different things to get sober, going to rehab, moving back to Orkney Scotland to help her bipolar dad tend to his goat farm. And then to an even more remote island off the coast of Scotland where she spends most of her time alone working on nature conservation. Here's a scene from The Outrun. Rona is waking up after a bad night of drinking. She doesn't even remember what she's done, but both she and her boyfriend played by Papa Ou are both hurt and bandaged up.


He's had enough and wants to break up. What did I do last Night? You don't remember Dana? I'm so sorry. Whatever I did, I'm not drinking anymore. I'm sorry. And I'm so tired of hearing you say that. I can't hear you. Say that again. What do you mean? I don't even recognize you anymore. I wish you a completely different person. Don't say that.


I can't do this wrong. What do you mean you can't do this? I screwed do this. Did I do that to you? I will never do that again. Right. Whatever I did, I'll never do it again. I'm never gonna drink again, I promise you. Right? Because I don't want to lose you. I don't want to lose you. I love you Sarah. Sharon Ronan, welcome back to Fresh Air. Thank you. I know you read the book The Outrun and loved it so much that you wanted to make it into a movie, produce it, and play the main character.


What was it about the book that you found so compelling? I think it was the first time that I had been exposed to an addiction story that didn't feel like it was all doom and gloom. It allowed me to get to know the whole person. Amy Lip Trott wasn't defining herself by her addiction to alcohol, but was acknowledging that it played a huge part in her life, in the destruction of her life for a long time. I was really drawn to the fact that we would follow a young woman as she struggles with alcoholism.


I think that usually when you think of that as a story, you would imagine probably a man, you know, middle aged or a woman who's going through a divorce or she's lost her family or you know, there's, there's a sort of domestic sort of element to it. And the fact that we were gonna follow someone who, as bad as it sounds on paper, shouldn't have this addiction and yet does, just reminds us of how this is something that can affect everyone. Now you said that there were parts of this story of dealing with, it was scary for you because it was too private.


Something that you hadn't completely explored before. and I'm not sure if you mean like in the film or in your life or both. What was so scary to you about it? It, it is a particular topic that is very personal to me. It's an addiction that I haven't struggled with myself, but I've watched people very close to me struggle with it. And some of them have seen the light eventually and others have not. And that's incredibly painful and I think as someone on the receiving end of that, there's a lot of anger and resentment that is born out of that experience because you're not going through it yourself.


You don't understand, or I certainly didn't understand really how addiction works. I know that's kind of a silly thing to say, but I think unless you actually sit down to examine the effect that a substance is having on your brain, you don't really take the time to unpick it because you're so hurt by it and you're so hurt that it has been chosen over you. And so I think I spent a lot of my life carrying that around with me. but it, but it was, yeah, it was scary. It was scary to hone in on this. It just brought up a lot of pain for me. I suppose In this movie you do some interesting things.


You know, your character grew up on a sheep farm and at one point your character puts her hands in a sheep to get to help birth the lamb. And at another point, you know, you are in what seems like completely freezing water and the character is connecting with seals who are swimming there and it's kind of shocks her into her body. So you physically did those things. What was that like? I love to swim in cold water. I've been doing that since I was a kid. So that's like my happy place. That was not a challenge at all. That if anything, it was a challenge to pretend that it was freezing cold, like so cold that I just wouldn't get in.


So I am that person. Am I a sheep farmer? I am not. and I was not before this experience. However, since then I have like gotten in touch with every farmer I know in like Ireland and Scotland and been like, let me know when Lamin season starts guys. 'cause I'm already, it was the most insane experience I've ever had on, on, on a film and just in life. It's so intense. And we actually shot the lambing sequence before we started principal photography. So it was probably about five months prior to us starting the production because lambing season in the Orny Island starts in like sort of April time.


It's a little bit later than the mainland. And then I was thrown straight onto the Orny mainland and I had my hand up a U And Was pulling a lamb out. and I did that seven times. and I was sort of coached by different farmers that I met in Orny. And they were incredible. But the really interesting and and really humbling thing about it was that sheep don't sort of stick to a schedule necessarily. And so we had to bend air shooting schedule to nature. I would get ready at like 4:00 AM we'd go into the shed and we would just wait and the camera would be ready to go.


And sometimes you would go in and there wouldn't be a U that would go into labor that day. Other times they would. And as soon as they did, Kyle, our farming consultant was just like, okay, go getter, go tackle that you to the ground. And he would coach me through it from off camera and it was just the most amazing experience. So that really sort of set the tone for the rest of the movie, I think. Now the other movie that you have coming out this fall is Blitz by the director Steve McQueen. It's about a mother during Germany's bombing attacks on London in World War ii. She's worried about her son's safety.


So she follows the government's recommendation, which is to send all children to the countryside to avoid the bombing campaigns. Now I read that a photo that Steve McQueen saw while researching another project ended up inspiring this film. Is that your understanding of how it came about? Yeah. He was doing research and came across this incredible photograph of this little black boy on a train station platform on his own. And he had a little cap on and his little suitcase and, and I think, I'm assuming a, a tag around his neck.


And Steve was of course very intrigued by him and wanted to know what his story was. And so that's where the inspiration for Blitz came from. And what drew you to the film? I'll say that it's a different kind of World War II film that focuses on those left in London during the bombing attacks. Yeah, I mean that's really the reason why I wanted to get involved. I, of course wanted to make a film with Steve McQueen. I'm such a huge fan of his and I've wanted to work with him for years. I of course knew that it was going to be a sort of fresh take on World War II British Epic, but I didn't know exactly how.


And so when he started to explain to me that it would follow a mixed race little boy who he'd found already at that stage, I think Elliot had already been cast, and that it would really focus on the people left behind, essentially the ones who had to keep society going, which was the, the women, children and older folk. It, it just piqued my interest straight away and knowing that my sort of role that I would play would be in honoring the mother child relationship was, was just something that I, I couldn't really pass up. I'm incredibly close to my own mother and we've spent a lot of time together where it was just me and her.


So that dynamic is something that I've always wanted to bring to life on screen and, and getting to do it with this sort of backdrop was just incredibly exciting. You were born in New York City, in the Bronx. Your parents had moved to the US from Ireland in the 1980s. Why did they come to New York? It was a rite of passage really. They left school when they were 15, 16. They, they needed to get to work. There was more work in the UK and America than there was at home.


and I think a couple of their friends had gone over ahead of them, had gotten a bit of work and had something lined up for dad. So he went over and then mom followed a couple of months later and yeah, and they just, they lived there. They experienced life outside of Ireland and, you know, it was really hard. They didn't have anything, they didn't have money. They, you know, she had me and of course couldn't afford health insurance. And so it was actually, I think it was like it was a Catholic church charity or something that helped her a lot when she, when she had me.


The point being that she sort of really had to rely on other sources in order to live. But it was, it was tough. You know, my, my dad started out in construction. He eventually became a bartender and was discovered by a bunch of actors from the Irish rep in the pub that he worked in. He auditioned for a play, he got the part, he became an actor, a theater actor. Mom was a cleaner and then eventually nannied for different families and took me to work with her. and I think at a certain point, my mom in particular realized that this just wasn't the life that she wanted me to have.


You know, if you're, if you wanna live comfortably in New York and I would say London as well, you need money. And they just didn't have that. So they went home where they had, you know, a proper support system. And was your dad's acting career that brought you back to Ireland? Is that right? Yeah, it was. So it was a combination of them just needing more support, I suppose, from their family, them wanting me to, you know, have a garden and Fresh Air to grow up with and in. But also it was, it was a time where the Irish film industry was sort of starting to boom a little bit because of filmmakers like Jim Sheridan and Neil Jordan and just a lot of American filmmakers who were becoming really fascinated with Ireland, either because of their heritage or Irish playwrights that they'd grown up reading and yeah.


And so work took him home. So we, we went back, Now you're very good at doing accents. You know, you're Scottish in The, Outrun, English, and Blitz. You do a, a specific regional accent in Brooklyn and of course you do an American accent in the films, lady Bird and Little Women. I was wondering if you think about living that living in the US as a baby helped you with your American accent. So it just makes me think about language at that early age and kind of like what, like how like weird and malleable it could be. Absolutely. I mean, I think it's, it's not dissimilar to being bilingual, like, you know, you're so open to everything and so if you're exposed to lots of different sounds then I guess your ear sort of remains open to that and your brain is tuned into that from quite an early age.


So yeah, I think, you know, I was, as I said, I was mainly around a lot of Irish people in New York, but of course heard a lot of American accents too and was also brought up on American tv. Like a lot of kids are. And you know, a lot of my friends nowadays will say that their kids, whether they're in London or Dublin or Glasgow or New Zealand, you know, we're so influenced by America that actually a lot of their kids are kind of brilliant at doing the American accent just through like Dorothy Explorer or whatever, whatever they watch now, paw Patrol. So yeah, so I guess I was no different. But I will say that it's funny, the older that I've gotten as important as accents have always been for me, I'm actually really, really keen to just use my own now and I, remember Andrew Scott saying that, that, you know, he spent so long as we all do as a lot of Irish and Celts do in particular and Northern English do, where we have to be able to do accents.


'cause there just aren't enough parts for people who sound the way we sound. So you have to be able to talk like this or have an American accent, which is, you know, frustrating. But he, he said that for a long time he really indulged in sounding different from himself and that that's sort of part of what acting is. and I felt exactly the same way. And then at a certain point in your life you kind of think, oh, I'm actually not that bad and I'm not completely uninteresting. and I'd quite like to explore acting without having to think about the accent.


So I've kind of gone through a period over the last few years where I've really enjoyed using my own. Well Cher Ronan, thank you so much for joining us. Thank you so much. It was lovely. Cher Ronan spoke with Fresh Air's, Annemarie Baldonado, her films, The, Outrun, and Blitz are in theaters. Blitz will start streaming on Apple TV plus November 22nd. Fresh Air Weekend is produced by Theresa Madden. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Benham. Our engineer is Adam Stanski. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Anne Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Monique Nazareth, Thea Chalen, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producers are Molly c Nesper and Sabrina Seaward. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, progressive and it's name your price tool. Say how much you want to pay for car insurance and they'll show coverage options within your budget. Visit progressive.com, progressive Casualty Insurance company and affiliates price and coverage match limited by state law.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Discover. When you hear a good idea, it's natural to do a double take. Check this out. Discover will automatically double all the cash back you've earned on your credit card at the end of your first year. See terms at discover.com/credit card.


This message comes from Supermicro and Nvidia accelerating AI with a wide range of AI servers networking, and the Nvidia AI enterprise software platform. Supermicro is committed to driving AI infrastructure breakthroughs with rack scale innovations.