
Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels with over 300 independent hotels around the world. Each exactly like nothing else. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of hotel brands. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This is Fresh Air. I am Terry Gross. My guests are Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell. As you probably know, they're siblings who write songs together. She sings on their albums. He produces and plays several instruments. They've been writing and recording together since she was 13 and he was 18. Considering the number of records they've broken in the last few years, they're more than popular. They're a phenomenon. Their album, when we All Fall Asleep, where Do We Go, was the second in Grammy history to win in the major categories best record album, song, and new artist all in the same year. Phineas was the youngest person to receive a Grammy for producer of the year, non-classical.


Billy was the youngest to win two Oscars, one for the theme for the Bond film, no Time To Die. And another for what was I Made for? From the Barbie movie. She collaborated on both songs with Phineas. They're continuing to break records. Billy was the youngest most listened to artist on Spotify this year. Their latest album Hit Me Hard and Soft is now nominated for seven Grammys, including all the major categories. Each of its tracks reached over 150 million streams on Spotify. Vinia also has an independent career as a producer and recording artist. His second solo album was recently released, called For Crying Out Loud.


Billy spent her teen years in front of her fans and the press in 2019. Music critic John Peres wrote in the New York Times, Eilish age 17 has spent the last few years establishing herself as the negation of what a female teen pop star used to be. She doesn't play innocent or ingratiating or flirtatious or perky or cute. Instead she's suen, depressive, death, haunted, sly, analytical and confrontational, all without raising her voice. Let's start with a song from Hit Me Hard and Soft. This is Lamar De, which is French. For the love of my life, I wish you the best for the rest of your life.


Felt sorry for you and I looked in your eyes, but I need to confess. I told you lie I the love of my life. The love of my life. Did I break your heart?


Did I waste your time? I tried to be there for you and you tried to break mine. It isn't asking for a lot, for an apology for making me feel I could kill you if I tried to leave. You said you'd never fall in love again because of me. Then you moved on immediately.


Billy Eilish, Finneas O'Connell. Welcome to Fresh Air. It's a pleasure to have you on the show, Billy, it strikes me you're singing more in a fuller voice. What's changing about your voice and how you choose to use it? Well, you know, we started making music when I was about 13. And as most 13 year olds, I had not, you know, grown into my body and my voice and all the things that you age into as a human. And I always, you know, it's funny like when, when things like that happen at a young age, you kind of have this idea that that's how things are gonna be forever. And so in my mind at the time, my voice was gonna sound like it did.


Then forever I thought it was gonna be soft and my range wasn't gonna be very big and I wasn't ever gonna be able to belt and I wasn't ever gonna be able to, you know, have much of a chest mix in my voice. And you know, I spent many years touring and singing and doing shows and my voice matured and started to change. And in the making of Hit Me Hard and Soft, I started working with a singing teacher, which I hadn't done since I was a kid in my choir. And I kind of always like felt hesitant to and kind of embarrassed to somehow. And it completely has just honestly changed my life.


And I mean I've just, my voice has just gotten, you know, 10 times better in the last two years. And what's amazing is it's just gonna keep getting better. Did you want to do a whispery voice? Was that like a style choice or just like that's the where your voice went? No, that's just how I sang. That's what's funny about it. I just, you know, I was like, I couldn't really do much else. Like I didn't have the range, I didn't have the strength in my vocal chords and my breathing, you know, and think about, you know, how your voice sounded when you were a kid opposed to now it's a completely different Thing. Yeah. And Phineas, I assume you do the arrangements? Yeah, like the production and the instrumental arrangement.


I would say that I do plenty of it, but Billy is deeply involved and I would say that as time has gone on, Billy has become kind of more knowledgeable and articulate about what she likes and what she doesn't in instrumental arrangement and production and vocal arrangement. So we're either brainstorming stuff together or at the very least she's reacting to, you know, what I do in a kind of a, I like that go further. I don't, I'm not crazy about that. You know, take that out kind of a sense, if that makes sense. I wanna play a track because I like the instrumentation, the arrangement so much and it's called the Diner.


So Finneas, do you wanna say a little bit about the instrumental track of this? The diner is a, A Slight anomaly in terms of the way that Billy and I most commonly work. I would say the way that we most commonly work is I sit down with a guitar or I sit down at a piano and I play chords and Billy sings melodies and we come up with lyrics and melodies together over top of chords. In the case of the diner on my own, I had made the, what became sort of most of the instrumental of the diner. I'd been sitting around one day playing that sort of sampled re-articulated horn thing that you take kind of a one track of a, of a horn being played and then you load it onto a keyboard and the horn is then chromatic on the keyboard and you play the B-B-B-B-B-B-B.


That's me playing piano, but through a horn sample. And then I programmed drum samples and then bass samples, or I guess not bass samples, but bass synthesizers over top of that. And I presented it to Billy and then she rift, you know, these super menacing, cool lyrics over top of it. So let's hear the diner. Don't, I'm here around, I'm waiting, please kill the cops.


They'll make me stop. And I just wanna, and I, That was the diner from the new Billie Eilish album Hit Me Hard and Soft.


And my guests are Billie Eilish. And Phineas Phineas. You're not on all of the current tour that Billy is on and you've just released your second solo album. Does that have significant meaning in terms of the nature of your music partnership? Well, I think if I go back to the kind of genesis of this, first of all, we lived together. We both lived at home with our parents when we started making music. I was 18 and Billy was 13. And over the ensuing, you know, years, even after I moved out into my own place as a 21-year-old, we still made most of the music in the bedroom in my childhood home.


And as time went on and Billy's tour became a more and more heavy lift, she started to need to to, to be more kind of diligent about how much vocal rest and physical rest she was getting on the road, which meant that we were making less music on the road. And the sort of turn of the tide there was that we would come off the road and had made nothing new and then we'd kind of have a detox at home where we would, you know, have just spent every day together for several months and we'd kind of chill out and then we'd sort of reconvene and start making new music and then we'd go back out on the road. And so it just became a kind of a, a a version of like, wow, this is, this is gonna dominate every minute of my life.


And I feel that I'm really not the, you know, best pianist, guitarist, backup singer, accompanist for Billy. You know, that's not the, the thing that is my sort of special skill there. My special skill is being able to write and record songs with her. And so if I am picking between the two and I have other stuff on my plate, I'll, I'll pick making the album every time. Billy, can you talk a little bit about when you were a teenager and you had all these like teenage teenagers, especially teenage girls as like such dedicated fans. What was it like for you to grow up as a teenage star wi with so many teenage listeners kind of idolizing you and then, and then judging from what I've seen and read about you, you've been kind of insecure about yourself, not necessarily of your music, but you know, for any insecurity you have to have all these people turning you into an idol.


Must have been, well, maybe was a little disorienting. Definitely. I think though, honestly, even though it was a lot for a young brain and body to deal with in a way, the, the fact that I was a teenager and they were also teenagers somehow felt less kind of, I don't know, I felt, I, I think I just felt so connected to them because we were all the same age. And I, you know, I think it can be really hard when you're an adult and you have fans that are children to you or you know, way older than you.


Like, I think that it, I think that something about us all kind of feeling like we were growing up together was wake like honestly comforting to me. And also I didn't really have many friends for a couple of years. And well, You were homeschooled so it's not like you were hanging out in, in the school yard or in, you know, in the classrooms with your peers. Well, so this is what's interesting is we were homeschooled, we didn't go to school, but Finneas and I both had so many friends growing up and we did so many things and there was no shortage of friends, there was no shortage of activities and, you know, things to do, which I think can be surprising for people to hear.


'cause they kind of think like, well then how did you meet them? And you know, we had all sorts of things we did. I was part of a choir and I was in a dance company and I, we did aerial arts and I rode horses and I did gymnastics and I acted and Phineas acted and I was in a, you know, there was so many things that were social for us. And honestly when I became famous ish at 14, it was not a good time in terms of like keeping friendships. I think when you're 14, that's kind of an age where friendships are already kind of rocky.


And also all my friends did go to school, so like they were all going to high school and, and suddenly I had no way of relating to anyone and I kind of lost all my friends and I, I, I maintained a couple, but those were really challenging to keep even still. And so for those few years of becoming this like enormous superstar, I was kind of feeling like, wait, what the hell is the point? I don't have any friends and I don't, I have like, like I'm losing all the things that I love so deeply and all the people that I love. And so in a way the fans kind of saved me in that way because they were my age and I felt like they were the only kind of friends I had for a while.


Finneas, what's it been like for you, especially, you know, early on when Billy was very young and you were still in your teens, your late teens, what was it like for you to have an audience dominated by teenage girls when you're a guy and you're also older, you know, you're four or five years older than Billy? Yeah, I'm four years older, so I would say that I didn't have much of a kind of a feeling one way or the other about the, the age or gender of the predominant audience. I had a real sense of gratitude for their enthusiasm and, you know, the, the audience that was coming to the shows that Billy was playing couldn't have been more engaged and enthusiastic.


Billy, I've read that some, some girls are, you know, young women in the audience are throwing their bras on to the stage when you perform. How often does that happen? Do you have any idea how that started? I mean that's like a classic, well It used to be panties that, you know, women would throw at male stars, you know? Right. Well it's funny, like I always envied that I remember like watching, you know, videos of men performing whoever they may be and you know, people throwing brass and underwear and, you know, and I always thought like, oh, that's so awesome. It's so, it's so sick, so powerful. I always was just jealous of that.


And I remember when I was first doing shows, you know, fans throw all sorts of things on stage. They, they throw gifts and presents and different flags of different kinds and, and honestly like right away people started throwing bras when we were all me and the audience 16. And I loved it. I really did. You know, I had, I I spent many years having a lot of, not, not gender dysphoria about my own gender, but I think a lot of women go through the feeling of, you know, just envying men in any kind of way, one way or the other.


And for me, I would watch videos of different male performers on stage and just feel this like deep sadness in my body that I'll never be able to, you know, take my shirt off on stage and run around and like, not try very hard and like, you know, just jump around on stage and that's enough and you know, have enough energy from just myself with no backup dancers and no, you know, huge stage production and the crowd will still love me. And that's just like, only a man can do that. And because of that, I think more than almost anything else in my career, I was very, very, very determined to kind of prove that thought wrong.


And I really did, I really feel like I did. I I didn't like the kind of pop girl leotard, you know, backup dancers hair done thing. I didn't like that. For me, I liked it for other people, but that didn't resonate with me. I never saw myself in those people. And honestly, I never saw myself in any women that I saw on stage. But I did see myself in the men that I saw on stage and I thought that was unfair. And so I did everything that I could to kind of try to break that within myself and the industry. But you know, on a related note, you often dress, you know, on videos and in performance on stage in really baggy clothes.


And I was thinking like, since you grew up with a lot of hip hop, you know, in a lot of hip hop performances on stage and in videos, the dancers or the women in the videos are usually dressed. And especially earlier in the period when you were growing up, were dressed in like really tight and scanty kind of clothes and the men are wearing like baggy hoodies and pants that are so baggy, they're like falling down. And in that sense, did you take your cue from the men in hip hop in terms of dress as opposed to the women? Yes, exactly. Correct. I would watch those videos and instead of being jealous of the women who get to be around the hot men, I would be jealous of the hot men.


And I wanted to be them and I wanted to dress like them and I wanted to, you know, be able to act like them. And to be fair, I had all sorts of women that I looked up to and artists that I, you know, are the reason that I am who I am. And also I wouldn't have been able, even if I'd felt the way I did, I wouldn't have been able to achieve it had it not been for the incredibly powerful strong-willed women artists and people in the public eye that came before me that made it possible for me. So like my favorite singers are all kind of old jazz singers that I've always looked up to and I'm always forcing people to watch videos of Ella Fitzgerald singing Live and Julie London singing Live and you know, Sarah Vaughn and Nancy Wilson and all these people we were watching these videos and every single one of course, because of that period of time, they're all wearing dresses, they're all wearing tight, you know, of course it had maybe dresses with their hair done, but like they didn't, they couldn't, they couldn't just not do that.


You know, that's part of how things were then. And so thank God that those women came before me 'cause otherwise I wouldn't have been able to do anything. My guests are Billie Eilish and Phineas O'Connell. Their latest album Hit Me Hard and Soft is nominated for seven Grammys. His new solo album is called For Crying Out Loud. We'll talk more after a break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Capital One offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank. Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities@capitalone.com slash commercial A member FDIC.


This message comes from Better help this holiday season. Do something for a special person in your life. You give yourself the gift of better mental health, better Help Online Therapy connects you with a qualified therapist via phone, video, or live chat. It's convenient and affordable and can be done from the comfort of your own home. Having someone to talk to is truly a gift, especially during the holidays. Visit better help.com/npr to get 10% off your first month.


This message is brought to you by Lisa in collaboration with West Elm. Discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.


Hi, it's Tanya Moseley Before we get back to the show, the end of year is coming up and our Fresh Air team is looking back at all the fantastic interviews and reviews we've been able to bring you in 2024 because of your support. We had so many delightful, introspective, sometimes emotional, sometimes funny, always deeply human conversations with St. Vincent, Al Pacino, Bridget Everett, Pharrell Williams, Jeremy Strong, ina Garten, and so many others. People you know well and hopefully new people you learned about for the first time on our show. We're able to do this because of your support to your local station or by joining NPR plus.


NPR Plus has grown a lot this year and we wanna say thank you an extra special thank you to those supporters. You know who you are and we see you if you don't know what we're talking about. NPR Plus is a great way to support independent public media when you sign up for a simple reoccurring donation. You support our mission to create a more informed public and get special perks for more than 25 NPR podcasts, including sponsor free listening weekly bonus episodes from our Fresh Air archives and even exclusive and discounted items from the NPR shop and NPR Wine Club. When you donate today, you join a community of supporters United in our curiosity about the world and respect for hearing out different perspectives.


Join us on the plus side today@plus.npr.org. Thanks. I wanna play ocean eyes, which is the first thing that you recorded together. You put it on SoundCloud, it went viral for reasons I don't understand how things by people unknown go viral, but it did. And that really, To be honest with you Terry, yeah, I also don't understand how that, I don't understand. Yeah, good. Thank you for the validation. So I, I wanna play that song 'cause Billy, you were talking earlier about how when you started recording when you were 13, you were much younger, your voice was different. But Phineas I wanna ask you first, I think not many teenage boys would think like, oh I wanna hang out and write songs with and record with my younger sister who's 13.


What made you think, oh, Billy has to sing this? 'cause I know initially you were gonna write it for your band. Well I think, you know, the three layered answer to that is Billy and I have always gotten along great and really liked spending time together. I'm sure being homeschooled impacted that because we had a, you know, relationship that might've been more three dimensional than if we were in separate grades and saw each other a little bit on the weekend and saw each other a little bit while we did our homework or something. We, you know, spent a lot of time together having, you know, nuanced conversations. That's number one in terms of wanting to spend time with her. Number two is she had a really beautiful voice.


And so I think even in addition to liking her as a presence in my life, I saw her talent and respected her talent. And then the third one is I needed a Guinea pig. You know, the third one is I was, I was, you know, a amateur producer trying my best to record anyone. And so, you know, Billy as a 13-year-old who'd basically never sung into a microphone at all, you know, obliged. And it was kind of a, a good match. The kind of backstory is, you know, I, I was in this band, I loved music from the time I was, you know, born and then wanted to be a musician professionally from the time I was about 12 and played in bands all through high school and sort of as I started to learn more about how to produce, I got more interested in pop music and alternative music.


And I had this friend who knew that I was like in a band and he was like, Hey, you produce right? His name was Frank and he was like, you produce right? And I kind of was like, I mean not very well. I was like, you know, I was able to see that I was pretty lackluster. And he was like, he was like, great, I'm sure you're gonna be great. I need you to produce some, some songs I'm gonna do. And you know, he was also very green but he just gassed me up. He just believed that I was more talented than I was and I'd play something and he'd be like, that's incredible bro. And that really gave me all this confidence that I would never have otherwise had. And you know, Billy too, I was making music with Billy in my bedroom and being, you know, trying my best and she was kind about it.


She was like, oh, I like that She liked ocean eyes. You know, I think that that I got so much positive reinforcement when I really needed it. When I find out people have had careers in the arts when they were actively discouraged, you know when when you hear somebody say, oh man, my mom hated my voice. I'm always kind of blown away because to me I had enough self-doubt and enough, you know, imposter syndrome that, that if anyone had said You're not very good, I would've been like, correct, I agree. You know, let me, let me stop doing this now. And it really took people like Billy and people like my friend Frank to be like, no, no, no, you're better than you think you are to, to kind of give me the confidence that I needed.


Okay, so let's listen to Ocean Eyes as recorded by the 13-year-old Billy Eilish and the 17 or 18 I Was 18. 18-year-old Finneas. So here it is You for some time stop staring at those Make Cry when I've been walking through.


That was Ocean Eyes. The first song that Billie Eilish and Phineas recorded together a song written by Phineas recorded at home that went viral and really launched their careers. Your mother, when she was homeschooling, you gave you classes on songwriting. Are there insights that she gave you both that stuck with you? Yeah, I mean honestly there was one thing that really helped me, which was our mom had us like go home and like watch something on TV or read something and just write down any interesting words that we see or like an interesting sentence and then kind of taking whatever you wrote and just try to make a song out of what you wrote or make a song about the thing that you thought was cool or about this one word or you know, at least incorporating this one word into a song you already wrote.


Just like new ways of, of kind of taking pressure off of yourself a little like that really helped me because songwriting always felt like a lot of pressure on me in myself alone. And I think that, I don't know if any would agree, but like something that I think has always helped in songwriting is giving yourself permission to write a bad song. I think that sometimes you have this high expectation for yourself and you're like, no, no, no, it has to be really good but you can't just sit down and make something perfect immediately every time you have to try and fail. And that was something that was really hard for me. I'm not good at patience and I'm not good at not being good at something until I am.


I want to be really good immediately. And I think it's just something that helps me a lot is just allowing myself to not be amazing and just make something to make it and not worry if it's good. If you're just joining us, my guests are Billie Eilish and Phineas O'Connell and their latest album is called Hit Me Hard and Soft. We'll be right back after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Intuit need a software solution to simplify the complexities of your growing business. Transform how you manage with Intuit Enterprise Suites powerful automation and core suite of tools for financial management, payment processing, payroll, HR, bill pay, marketing, and third party integrations. It's how a growing business keeps growing. Visit intuit.com/enterprise to learn more money movement services by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed by N-Y-D-F-S.


This message comes from Warby Parker prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This message comes from Carvana with Carvana value Tracker. You can track your car's value anytime, anywhere. Carvana will even let you know when your car's value changes with updated emails. However you value your car, know it's worth with Carvana value Tracker.


I wanna play another song from your new album. Hit Me Hard and Soft and this song is called Skinny and Billy, it's talking about how people think you look happy because you're skinny, you know that you lost weight but you write, but I still cry. Did losing weight make a difference in your life and do you like bounce back and forth because that that's something so many people in your audience would relate to. Yeah, you know, I like everyone and every woman suffer with a lot of body image issues and just hatred and dysmorphia and I always have since I was a kid and I still have that girl in me and you know, I've had a lot of, as a human does, getting thinner and then getting bigger and then getting fit and then getting not as fit.


Like your body changes over time, especially depending on like how you're living your life. And a couple years back when we were making this album, I had been on this like really intense kind of health journey and I had lost a lot of weight and I'd gotten so strong and I was like thinner than I'd ever been and stronger than I'd ever been. But separately I was like extremely unhappy and unaware of how unhappy I was until I was happy again kind of thing. Were you Unhappy 'cause you weren't eating enough? No, honestly, my fitness journey was like the thing that I held onto that I was the most proud of.


But what was really interesting was I felt really proud of my body and how, how hard I'd worked. I mean I was working out like two hours, like five or six days a week and you know, wasn't eating gluten and dairy and sugar and past 7:00 PM and you know, not a fun way to live at all. But it was something that, you know, I'm a, I'm an addictive person and that was something that I got very addicted to and I loved that experience that. But you were sad. Yeah, I didn't have much else to hold onto and I really had that, I had this kind of journey of my strength kind of, and within that period of time I would be on tour and I would come back and I remember like every single person that I would see that I hadn't seen in many weeks would be like, oh my God, you look amazing, you look so skinny.


Wow, you look so happy, you look so healthy. Wow Billy, you just look like you're just glowing. Like you're just so happy and it's just so nice to see her so happy and yeah, she's just doing so great. And it was really interesting because I got obsessed with that, that validation and I, I loved it. I loved every single thing that everybody said to me but then I kind of started to think like, that's really interesting 'cause I'm not happy at all but I definitely am skinny but I also like Kinda like the body equivalent of like, you know, money doesn't buy you happiness or something where you're like looking the way I thought I wanted to look doesn't make me happy either.


Yeah, exactly. And you know, skinny was a song that we wrote out of a really, really like uninspired period of time that we had not created anything in and like had no ideas for anything and it was just kind of a depressing period of time. And we were sitting in a studio and we wanted to write something. I really wanted to write something and couldn't come up with anything. And Finney started playing chords and I started riffing on melodies and the lyrics came about because Finneas could see how I was feeling and kind of, you know, starts asking me questions and I start talking about how I feel and the things I've been going through and he's just so good at seeing me like nobody else does and like I don't even, and being able to put it into words in a way that, you know, I didn't even realize I was feeling, you know?


And like he said, that lyric people say I look happy just because I got skinny but the old me is still me and maybe the real me and I think she's pretty and that was his lyric and it's funny that he wrote that because it's me, it's how I felt. But it's just the magic of like working with somebody who a, is such a genius but also knows you like nobody else does. That's a, a great relationship to have. Let's hear the song. This Is Skinny from Billie Eilish new album, which is called Hit Me Hard and Soft Fell In Love for the 21, took a Lifetime.


People say I look just because I but And I and I Hungry Feed That's Skinny and my guests are Billie Eilish and Phineas and their new album is called Hit Me Hard and Soft.


I think some of your fans think that you're reading their mind or telling their story. My favorite is like no pressure. I know my favorite is like when I put a song out, when we put a song out and like people are like, you know, how did she know I was feeling, you know, feeling this like what, where is she hiding in my room and has been hiding for the last like year of my life to write this song. That's exactly my life. I think that's like one of the most magical parts about music and I've had that as a fan too. And Phineas has too. Like you hear a song and you're like, oh my God, this is exactly my situation. How could that be?


But it's just that it can be because we're just all like suffering together and it's nice to know that you're not alone in that Finneas. You have a new album and I wanna play a song from that. So I wanna end with Family Feud because your family is so important to you both and the way you still operate as a family. 'cause I think your parents are often touring with you, or at least they used to. So this is your song, Phineas, it's from your new album. Do you wanna just say a couple of words about writing it? Sure. I, I, we had just finished making Billy's album and it was about to come out and I knew that this, you know, multi-year world tour was on the horizon for her and that I wouldn't be on it.


I was just sort of thinking about my relationship with her and how kind of public our family had become and you know, she's a public figure. I'm a lesser public figure and there's a lot of attention and judgment paid to us both and especially to Billy and it was just sort of a rumination on on that. Billie Eilish, Phineas O'Connell. Thank you both so much. I really appreciate you coming on our show and good luck with the rest of your tour. Thank you so much for having us. Thanks so much. Terry. Mom and dad are out of town. The two of us have grownups now.


Pepper had to be put down hard to take, not hard to break a collar bone a little late but not alone. And you are only 22 and the world is watching you judging everything you do. That's Family Feud from Phineas new album for crying out loud. Billie Eilish and Phineas latest album together is called Hit Me Hard and Soft. It's currently nominated for seven Grammys.


This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Betterment, the emotional build of a will. They won't they love. Story is never chill, but your investing portfolio should be. Betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances. Their automated technology and tax smart tools are easy to set up so you can focus on navigating any will. They won't. They love stories that come your way. Betterment be invested and totally chill. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


This message comes from total wine and more Discover a new favorite chardonnay sparkling wine or gin and you'll discover something special. Total wine and more love what you find, drink responsibly. B 21


support for NPR and the following message come from Edward Jones. What is Rich? Maybe it's less about reaching a magic number and more about discovering the magic in life. Edward Jones Financial advisors are people you can count on for financial strategies that help support a life you love. Edward Jones, member SIPC,


Our critic at large, John Power spends his time leapfrogging between movies, books, TV shows, music and sporting events. He didn't get to review everything he liked this year, so what he does is each year at the end of the year, he chooses a few things he didn't get to that he still wants to celebrate. This year's edition includes everything from a comic performance to a political documentary to a great moment at the Paris Olympics. Every December I look at my list of the things that I've read, watched, and listened to during the year and every December I come across things that I flat out loved, yet somehow never got around to talking about. Well, I wanna share these pleasures now, although there a far cry from raindrops on roses or whiskers on kittens.


These are a few of my favorite things I'd gasp in surprised at all. Fours Gil July's hilariously unpredictable novel about a middle-aged artist who leaves her family to drive to New York from Los Angeles but only gets to the LA suburbs before she falls. For a young rental car worker checks into a cheap motel and spends a fortune redecorating her room. There all forces sometimes described as a book about perimenopause, the transitional stage before menopause. Yet this flattens it into sociology and self-help. July's mind is far unruly and interesting for that perverse unrepentant, sometimes dirty and often laugh out loud.


Funny, I couldn't stop reading passages to my girlfriend. It's a one of a kind book about a woman cannon balling into her search for a new self and a new life. You never know where it's headed, you know exactly where things are headed. In soundtrack to a coup at TA and inventive documentary about the 1961 assassination of Patrice Lumumba, the elected prime minister of the newly independent Congo who was killed at the behest of the American and Belgian governments. This is no grimly realistic sermon, but a jaunty montage film lending fabulous archival footage, amazing interviews, CIA machinations and oodles of black music from the likes of Louis Armstrong and Nina Simone.


Along the way, Belgian filmmaker Johan Grim Preez quotes poet Octavio PA's line, when history sleeps, it speaks in dreams. Grim Pre's movie unfolds like one of those dreams. Life is turned giddily surreal in the Hulu series in interior Chinatown based on the National Book Award-winning novel by Charles Yu. Its High Point is the Star Making performance by Ronnie Chang, the Malaysian comedian you may know from the Daily Show. Chang is Uproarious as Fatty Choi, a low ambition restaurant worker who suddenly forced into waiting tables. He treats the customer so rudely that ironically he becomes a sensation here.


He approaches a white couple at a table. What? Hi, are you our waiter? No, I'm just carrying a pad and pen for fun. I'm wearing this vest because it makes me look good. Okay, I guess we'll take the orange chicken and Maybe some orange chicken. Orange chicken. Why? Sorry, why come here If you're gonna order something just covered in dipping sauce, do you even like Chinese food? So what should we get? I don't know, man. It's a Chinese restaurant, so maybe you should order something the Chinese people would eat. Even if your pronunciation makes my ears bleed. And why do you always have to have ice in your water?


It's bad for your body. Drink tea. We give you free tea. Idiots. Oh my God, that guy is amazing. We have to tell Kylie and Karen about this place. Karen will flip. I mean she can't eat anything on this menu, but like she needs to come here. The humor is slyer in my favorite mystery novel this year, the Lover of No Fixed Abode by Carlo Ro and Franco Lentini, a hugely popular Italian literary team set in Venice. It's about a middle aged senior who's an art scout for big auction houses who finds herself attracted to an enigmatic tour guide leader Mr.


Silvera, who seems to know everything and greets every situation with a different inflection of the word. Ah. The mystery is who is he shimmering with wit and bursting with an insider's knowledge of Venice. The lover of no fixed abode builds to a solution so unexpected that not one person in a million will guess it. It's a minor classic. Two big classics are the fifties movies that got theatrical re-release this year. Akira Ura Kuras seven Samurai in which a village hires seven Swordsmen to protect them from bandits and the wages of fear. Ri George CUSO's excruciatingly suspenseful story of four exiles in a poor Latin American town who must transport a shipment of nitroglycerin in ramshackle trucks.


Both movies are magnificent in themselves. Their action scenes are still breathtaking, but they possess a special interest because in them you can see a Japanese director and a French one laying down the template for today's Hollywood blockbusters and they're better than our current action pictures in one crucial way from their white knuckle stunts to their revelations of character. Everything in them is human scale. My favorite sports moment this year was also alive with humanity. It featured Simone Biles whose all around gold medal at the Paris Olympics confirmed her as the greatest woman gymnast of all time. Yet what I loved wasn't her style in winning, which was of course phenomenal, but her grace in losing in the final event, the floor exercise where she normally reigns supreme.


She was bested by Rebecca Andra, the superb Brazilian gymnast who'd spent her career losing over and over to Biles. And what did Biles do when she lost? She didn't cry. I'm still the goat. She didn't whine that the judges had cheated her. She didn't say that. And Draggy was lucky her actually no good. Instead on the metal stand, she and teammate Jordan Chiles, who won bronze, literally bowed to Andra. They bowed to her skill, to her bravery and overcoming multiple surgeries to her always being a worthy opponent. It was a gesture of respect that far from diminishing Biles only made her greatness more incandescent.


A valuable lesson as we entered the new year. John Powers is our critic at large. By the way. The first thing that he talked about at the top of his review was the novel, all fours by Miranda July. And coincidentally Thursday, Miranda July will be my guest. If you're one of over a hundred million people in the US on TikTok, that may end on January 19th. A new law is forcing the Beijing based company to find a non-Chinese buyer for the site or face a ban in the US tomorrow on Fresh Air. We'll look at what this means and if the Supreme Court or Trump could intervene, I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews.


Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Ann Ri Maldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cho, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly Sivie Nesper. Roberta s Schrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Teri Gross.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NetSuite. What does the future hold for business? Can someone invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 38,000 businesses have future proofed their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, and HR into one platform. With real time insights and forecasting, you are able to peer into the future and seize new opportunities. Download the CFO's Guide to AI and Machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash story.