
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member FDI C.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bean Cooley. One of this year's Kennedy Center honorees is singer and songwriter Bonnie Rai. She's a 10 time Grammy Award winner, best known for her soulful voice and her hit singles from the late 1980s. Something to talk about and I can't make You Love Me. She's also known for her depth of knowledge of classic blues. We're going to listen to Terry's 1996 interview with Rate. At the time, she had released a live double CD called Road Tested. That Collection featured duets with some of the singer songwriters and rhythm and blues performers who had shaped her musical style rate, was a 20-year-old college student when she got to know and learn from them.


Terry invited Bonnie Raitt to bring and play some of the blues recordings that most influenced her. Before we hear them, let's listen to a song from her first album, which was released in 1971. This is the Robert Johnson song, walking Blues.


Bonnie Raitt, welcome to Fresh Air. Hi Terry. It's a pleasure to be here. You've brought with you some of your favorite recordings, some of the recordings that have really influenced you over the years. So I'd like to start with a recording that you brought by Mississippi Fred McDowell. Write me a few lines. Tell me why you've chosen this. This was recorded in 1964. Well, I did because I've been performing that song. Write me a few of your lines as, as well as his Kokomo blues. Probably since the first time I met Fred, I was about 19 in 1969, and he was part of the great Blues rediscovery in the sixties of all these traditional Delta Blues men who a lot of times like Fred were, had spent the last 20 years being farmers and then suddenly were discovered by either British or White College kids coming over.


That just fell in love. And I, I got his record on our Huli records and, and learned the song. And then I was honored enough to meet him and travel around with him and, and I actually opened a lot of shows for him early on when I was still cutting my teeth and right before I got my first record deal. So he's really my favorite and, and my closest friend. And I miss him a lot. And I wanted people to know that when they hear my version on the live album, for example, that, that, this is where we got it, the Great Mississippi Friend McDowell, oh, let's hear, hear it Recorded in 1964 when Get Home As Mississippi Fred McDowell, one of the records that Bunny Rad has brought with her today for us to listen to, to now, what was it like when you were actually traveling with him and opening for him?


I mean, was was that one of the first times that you met one of the blues musicians who you liked so much? From record, actually, I, I started out with, with the father of Delta Blues making an appearance in Cambridge at the house of a man who helped rediscover him. Dick Waterman, who came to be a very important part of my life and a lot of lives of blues people. Sun House was staying with Dick Waterman in Cambridge where I was going to college. And I heard through the Harvard radio station that he was gonna be there and his other blues fanatic, a friend of mine said, would you like to meet him? So it started with that, and then I met Dick Waterman that day and went on to get to hang out with the Skip James and Big Boy Arthur Crudup and Fred McDowell and Man Lipscomb and then Buddy Guy Junior Wells were all people that Dick booked at.


And he had had worked with Mississippi John Hurt, who unfortunately had passed away before I got a chance to meet him. But that was my entry into meeting all these great blues people. And part of the reason I took a semester off in my sophomore year was because I knew that these guys were up in age and, and that I wasn't gonna have this opportunity to kind of get to know them and, and learn at their feet and be of service or just hang out and get and soak this up. And that was when Fred and I just made this bond, and I'm sure he as well as the other Bluesmen always got a big kick outta the fact that this little round face redhead was playing Robert Johnson songs and Sun House songs. And I just sat there listening to their stories and learned to drink and, you know, try to be a blues woman at 20, which, you know, I managed to do by the time I was 40 and get recognized for it.


I worked at it pretty hard there in the early days. Were you overwhelmed when you were 20 by the incredible differences between, you know, in age, race, gender, class, between you and the older blues musicians who you were understudying? You know, I'm sure it was, it was odd from the outside, but for the inside, most of the people that were in love with blues were white middle class kids that were just, you know, going to folk festivals and going around the south with tape recorders. And of course the British in interest in the Blues and Big Bill Bronzi and Leadbelly. And, and that led to so many of these records being exposed to groups that became the Rolling Stones and the Animals and, and the Beatles.


Even, you know, the rhythm and blues music was on the radio at that time. Not Delta Blues, but Rhythm and Blues was on the radio right next to The Beatles and, and all the white groups. So it wasn't as segregated and it didn't seem as culturally odd to me at the time. I just, I just knew that I'd lucked into something. Now on your latest album, your live album, you do a tribute to Fred McDowell, you, you play part of, write Me a few of your lines, which we just heard. This is your KOMO medley. Did you learn things from Fred McDowell on your guitar playing or your approach to song that you're still using today that you could describe for us? Well, his particular, you know, my style's obviously a little different and of course the key's different 'cause I'm, I was singing a Woman's Key.


He, there was some chords that he used, you know, certain, certain positions on the guitar that I wouldn't have been able to figure out because until I watched him do it. But the basic way you learn guitar for me, 'cause I didn't take lessons, was just listening and, and mimicking and, and his soulfulness on and, and just his abandon the way he got into it. And when he, when he played electric guitar, which he did a lot of the time in later years because it cut through more to clubs where kids were noisy and, you know, that's what led me to the electric guitar was the way that the note would sustain and, and just sing and the way he could just, it's so funky when you get these, you know, cheap amps and you know, it's just, you know, that's the stuff that makes David Linley and Ryku and Jackson Brown slide playing so great because they just use these really incredible amplification that duplicates the old really inexpensive amps.


And people wanna know how to get that funky sound while you get a $25 guitar and, and the cheapest amp you can find. Well, let's hear your tribute to Fred McDowell, the Kokomo Medley from your latest album Road Tested When Get Home, me a Home, me a This bunny rai Bunny rai is my guest.


Now did he show you that opening riff? No, I just heard it. You know, it's, it's not that difficult to play. It's just one of the, when you, whenever you're learning a song from somebody else, you, you don't really have to see it. 'cause you can just, it's a, unless you're playing some kinda amazing Jimi Hendrix thing and, and which I probably wouldn't even be able to tackle. These things that I play are really stuff that I can manage. It's the finesse of it and a soul that you put into it that makes him different from me probably. And hopefully one day I'll get to be as funky as he is. Now, I, I know when you were starting out, you were listening to folk music as well as to blues. Now women's voices in folk music at the time were kind of like clear bell like soprano voices.


I'm thinking of, you know, Joan Baez, Judy Collins, and in Blues of course, it's a much kind of rougher voice that, that blue singers use. And I I was wondering if you, you have a beautiful, clear voice. I was wondering if you try to also develop a rougher voice for the Blue Singer? Oh yeah. I mean, I thought if I just drank Jim Beam and hung out with those guys and stayed up too late and, and I, I couldn't stand the way I sounded when I was singing Blues Tunes. It just sounded the fruitiest, you know, whitest voice I'd ever heard, which I didn't mind singing Joan Baez songs. But, and I really did think that if I just lived that, you know, I I went from being pretty much not a rebel rouser as a teenager.


I was a really good student. I went away to a Quaker school and went right to college. And I, I don't even think I, I partied at all until I was about 20 and, and the drinking age in Massachusetts wasn't even until 21. So I started hanging out with these hardcore guys and you know, like any kid sitting at the feet of the masters, you know, also got to go on tour hanging out with Buddy and Junior's band on the Rolling Stones tour of Europe. So that was some professional hound dogs there. So, you know, those first few years it was very difficult to be as light sounding as I, as I was. And so I kind of made up for it by bravado and kind of swaggering around thinking I could be, you know, like edit James in a minute.


You know, when you started on the road and you were opening for a lot of older blues performers, you, you said that you had to kind of care for the alcohol for them, make sure they drank enough to get on stage, but not too much. Yeah, yeah, that's a, it was a, that was an interesting position to be in. Would you, I'm sorry I cut you off Terry, go ahead. No, I was just gonna ask you about that period and what, what, what, what it was like to realize that with some of the musicians they needed to drink, but you had to make sure they didn't drink too much. Oh, that was just, yeah, there was one blues festival where it was kind of my job to, because there was a lot of different bluesmen in one backstage area, all of whom had not only different tastes in what to drink but could handle it differently.


For example, sun House, if he had a couple of shots of vodka, he could remember all of his songs and if he had too much, he couldn't remember them. So if he didn't have any at all, he usually didn't even wanna play. So it was just one of these chemistry experiments that was kind of a funny anecdote for, for a young college student hanging out with these blues guys. 'cause it was kind of my job to help road manage and I had to be sure not to let somebody have a just pass a pint bottle to somebody that I knew was just gonna get totally toasted and he had to be, didn't play until four hours from now. You know, you're getting old guys that have been farmers and Pullman porters for 25 years and suddenly everybody wants to give them anything they want and whatever quantity. And it did a lot of them, you know, you have to be really careful.


Otherwise it's not, it's not helping anybody to give somebody who has a prop propensity to alcoholism too much alcohol. And we've all seen that and, and every lifestyle in rock and roll. Bonnie Raitt, the next record you've brought with you is by Sippy Wallace. And your fans will know that you've recorded a couple of her songs. You gotta know how women be wise. Tell us about the record you've brought with you and why you've chosen it. Well, this, this particular album, which has now been rereleased on Alligator Records, it's from an album called, I think it's Sippy Sings the Blues if they left the name the same. And I picked it up when I was 18. I spent the summer my freshman year in on a charter college charter flight and traveled around Europe with a couple of girlfriends, went into the famous Bels record store in London and found this incredible picture of this woman in these rhinestone cat glasses.


And, and it said Sippy Wallace. And I recognized the name from my old classic Blues collection records, you know, compilations. And I'd always really liked Zippy's music because she really didn't take any slack. You know, she didn't, she didn't cut anybody any slack in terms of men at the time. She wasn't a victim. She was, you know, if you could make me do what you wanna do, but you got to know how. And so I had bought the record, fell in love with her, had no idea she was still alive. And at, at that point, the record was only two or three years old, I think. And I'd recorded a couple of her songs at three actually over my first two albums. And when I was invited to come to the Ann Arbor Blues and Jazz Festival in 1972 to perform, I at that point had found out that that's where she was living in Detroit and invited her to come out on stage.


She said she would only do gospel because she was recovering from a stroke and had given up the blues and was playing in the church. And so I started playing women be wise in the little trailer backstage, and she started kind of sashing back and forth and She said, well, maybe I'll just just do one blues, you know, and the rest is kind of history. Because after that she was the big hit of the festival, our duet of this song, and, and we went on to record it together and her, her subsequent album, sippy on Atlantic Records, and we toured together for the next 15 years till she passed away at at 86. Well, why don't we hear that 1966 recording that you brought with you, and this is Rereleased on Alligator Records, sippy Wallace.


Now women be wise, keep your mouth shut. Don't advertise. Don't ever sit around gossiping, explaining what your good man really can do. Now, these nowadays ain't no good. They laugh in your face, then try to steal man from you. Now women be wise, keep your mouth shut and don't, don't be, don't you, man, women you are, Man.


Oh man, that's a wonderful recording. That's really, really great. Yeah, it just makes me smile so much to hear this again. Did Sippy Wallace give you any interesting advice about life or music? Well, I'd say those lyrics for starters. I mean, both. You got to know how, and women be wise and mighty type women. There, there are all these tunes that she writes are, are, are real lessons, you know, and I learned a lot about what kind of songs appeal to me by what she chose to write about. And yeah, I mean, just in terms of her love of family and her independence from men. I mean, she lost her husband many years previous to when I met her, met her and seemed to have a very full life, not being somebody's wife.


I'm sure she would've, you know, she missed her husband. He was the lover her life, and she really had no desire to get connected again. And that was a very strong lesson to me as a young girl, because I did grow up in a feminist era. And to be, to have a blues woman or someone like Ruth Brown or Aretha Franklin as my role models, as well as Joan Baez and Joni Mitchell, you know, these are women that just stood up for themselves and, and demanded respect. Bonnie Raitt is my guest, and we've asked her to bring with her some of her favorite recordings from the past, recordings that have really influenced her over the years. And Bonnie Raitt, the next album, the next recording that you brought with you is BB King, and this one goes back to 1958.


Rock Me Baby. Tell me why you chose this one. Well, I just, this is, this is one of the greatest vocals I've ever heard on So simple and the, the piano part and the arrangement. This is really early in, you know, even though Bebe started in the late forties, early in, it's got a lot of his hits in the fifties. This was a record that was, that when I was 10 or 11 years old, I happened to hear on a radio station and, and later just was my, you know, every time everybody's got that one record that just turned their head around, I mean, some of, sometimes there's a Ray Charles tune that did it for me. And then later hearing John John Lee Hooker when I was about 14. But BB King was, was a big star in Los Angeles on the black radio and Rock Me Baby's just a classic tune.


I mean, many people have covered it, but I just wanted to bring it to let you know how unbelievably simple and pure and right to the bone this song can be. And Bebe's still one of our greatest blues men and I, I love him dearly. Let's hear it. Rock me baby BB King recruited in 1958 and reissued on the BB King box Set. Rock me baby, rock me all night long. Rock me all.


I want you like, my back ain't ball like wagon roll, wagon wheel roll you how it made me Feel.


Bonnie Raitt, do you think that there's a specific influence BB King has had on your singing or guitar playing? Well, I sure hope so. I, I, I don't know how to play single string lead on a electric guitar as well as any of the guitar players that are currently out there. I I play acoustic solos more and I play pretty good rhythm guitar, but my lead playing tends to, tends to remain on the slide guitar where I know what I'm doing better. So I just, it probably has more to do with phrasing and what to leave out and just, you know, when you go crazy for somebody's style, it's, it's not, unless you're doing a specific mimicking of what they're doing, which I don't do.


I I would say my singing just because of his restraint, his restraint and his passion. I, I hope I got some influence from him because I just think he's one of the, the tastiest and most deep singers I've ever heard, as well as one of the greatest blues guitar players in the history of guitar players. Bonnie Raitt speaking to Terry Gross in 1996 after a break will continue their conversation and also hear from another of this year's Kennedy Center honorees, Francis Ford Coppola, also Justin Chang reviews two new films, The Brutalist and Nickel Boys. Meanwhile from Bonnie Rai's latest cd, here's the track live in for the ones, I'm David Bian Cooley, and This is Fresh Air.


I can barely raise my head off of Phil. Some days I bed, I start Intentions and then shuck instead. Don't, we'll get back how we used to now the better start getting used to. And I,


Hi, it's Tanya Moseley before we get back to the show, the end of year is coming up and our Fresh Air team is looking back at all the fantastic interviews and reviews we've been able to bring you in 2024 because of your support. We had so many delightful, introspective, sometimes emotional, sometimes funny, always deeply human conversations with St. Vincent, Al Pacino, Bridgette Everett, Pharrell Williams, Jeremy Strong, ina Garten, and so many others. People you know well and hopefully new people you learned about for the first time on our show. We're able to do this because of your support to your local station or by joining NPR plus. NPR Plus has grown a lot this year. And we wanna say thank you, an extra special thank you to those supporters. You know who you are and we see you if you don't know what we're talking about. NPR Plus is a great way to support independent public media when you sign up for a simple reoccurring donation. You support our mission to create a more informed public and get special perks for more than 25 NPR podcasts, including sponsor free listening weekly bonus episodes from our Fresh Air archives and even exclusive and discounted items from the NPR shop and NPR Wine Club. When you donate today, you join a community of supporters United in our curiosity about the world and respect for hearing out different perspectives. Join us on the plus side today@plus.npr.org. Thanks.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana.


This is Eric Glass on this American Life. We like stories that surprise you. For instance, imagine finding a new hobby and realizing To do this hobby right? According to the ways of the Masters, there's a pretty good chance that you're going to have to bend the law to get the materials that you need. If not, break it. Yeah. To break international laws, Your life stories. Really good ones. This American Live,


ho Ho, ho Santa here, coming to you from the North Pole, where the elves in our podcast division have just completed. Work on this season's best gift for public radio lovers, NPR Plus, give the gift of sponsored free listening and even bonus episodes from your favorite NPR podcasts, all while supporting public media. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


Every weekday up first gives you the news you need to start your day on the Sunday story from up first. We slow down, we bring you the best reporting from NPR journalists around the world, all in one major story, 30 minutes or less. Join me every Sunday on the Up first podcast to sit down with the biggest stories from NPR.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian Cooley, professor of television studies at Rowan University. Let's get back to Terry's 1996 interview with Bonnie Raitt, who is one of this year's Kennedy Center honorees. She grew up listening to Broadway songs. Her father, John w. Rate was a star in the Broadway musicals Carousel, Oklahoma. And the pajama game rate sang with her father on his self-titled album, which was nominated for a Grammy in 1996. I, I'm interested, I if, if it took you a long time in your career to feel comfortable recording something like this recording, recording outside of the genre that you're known for. Yeah, it took a lot, it took a long time to summon up the nerve and, and I think, you know, somewhat of maturity and sobriety had something to do with it.


You know, what comes with sobriety in terms of being able to have a perspective. And since that coincided with, you know, my late thirties, early forties, for me it's, it's hard to separate the two. I think that a great song has appealed to me and I been in love with the songs of Carousel in Oklahoma and pajama games since my dad has been singing them all my life. I just never really thought I would sing them in public. I certainly sung them enough in private just for fun and grew up singing them. We, we started this idea out when we used to just practice Yeah, Christmas carols and would sing different Broadway songs in his pool. We'd be exercising together and that was a good way to spend some father daughter alone time.


And next thing I knew, you know, he sort of suggested doing something together maybe for the pops. And, and, and before we knew it, we were performing with John Williams for, for Evening at the Pops a few years ago. And we did these songs that we ended up putting on my dad's album. And I enjoyed it so much and was terrified to sing in front of an orchestra in, in a town in Boston that it was like, I, I stood my start in and I think it, the fact that it was a safe ground made it, made it an easy first date. And we went on to do David Letterman together and, and he's been coming out over the many years and singing Oklahoma at the end of my shows. But I must say I was shivering in my boots the first time I sang.


They say that Falling in love is wonderful in front of my audience, but they, you know, stood up and cheered and that gave me the confidence to put it on a record. Okay, well, from the album John Rai Broadway legend, let's hear Bonnie Rai and her father singing, Hey there from the Pajama Game. Hey, there You With the stars in your eyes, love never made a fool of you. You used to be that high.


Come Forget her, Her with her nose in the air, With Her nose in the air. She has you dancing on a string, A puppet on a string. Break it and she won't care. She won't care For me. Take advice. I You, Am I not seeing things too clear?


Are you too much love to hear? Is it all going in all the other, That's Bonnie Raitt and her father John Rate. Well, I wanna end with something from your RoadTest album, and this is, I can't Make You Love Me. It's a really beautiful ballad.


Very moving. Is this a a favorite of yours too? Yeah, I'd have to say that of all the tunes I've recorded, this one moves me the most. And I, and I, it's the one that gets mentioned to me when I'm out and about and, you know, sky Caps or people that are taking my reservation on the, on the phone, you know, they just have spoken to me about how much that song means. And, and I just have to thank Mike Reed and Alan Shalin for feeling as deeply as they did to come up with this because I, I definitely think this is one that's gonna stand the test of time. Turn, turn down, turn down these inside my head.


You So and I, if you Bonnie Rai, coming up another of this year's Kennedy Center honorees filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Lakshmi Singh. Public Radio reminds us of our shared humanity. Even at our darkest hours, like with a story of an artist couple who make beautiful spaces for communities to grieve, We found that people will usually stop by and just feel a little bit more open and willing to talk and share. Help us make room for light in the Dark. Give before the end of the year@donate.npr.org.


I'm Jesse Thorn. 2024 is almost over, but before it's gone, come laugh with us at the best standup comedy of the year. On Bullseye, we'll hear from T Nataro, Kyle Kna, Kimberly Clark, Lori Kilmartin, and many, many more. You might even hear your next favorite standup that's on Bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


Hey Everybody, it's time to join N p's. All songs considered as we celebrate a very tolerable Christmas with a mix of seasonal songs and special guests. Yeah, we're in for like the saddest Christmas ever stuck with Robin, who is basically a lump of coal in the shape of a Man here. New episodes of all songs considered every Tuesday, wherever you get podcasts.


This is Fresh Air. Francis Ford Coppola also is a Kennedy Center honoree for 2024. We're going to listen to the story he told Terry Gross in 2016 about how Marlon Brando came to be cast in Coppola's masterpiece, the Godfather at the time she spoke with him. He had published the notes he had written while he made that film. The notebook contained his thoughts about each scene, including the pitfalls he wanted to avoid. It also included pages from the novel on which the movie was based. Mario Puzo's, the Godfather with Coppola's notes in the margin. Let's begin with the opening scene in which the character Bon has come to the Godfather. Don Vito Corleone seeking Justice Bon's daughter was brutally beaten after she resisted two boys who had tried to take advantage of her.


Bon says he went to the police like a good American. The boys were tried in court, but the judge gave them a suspended sentence and they went free that very day. Bon wants revenge against those boys. The Godfather played by Marlon Brando offers this response. I believe in America, America has made my fortune. We've known each other many years, but this is the first time he ever came to me for counsel for help. I can't remember the last time that he invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is godmother to your only child. But let's be frank, you, you never wanted my friendship and they were afraid to be in my dad.


I didn't want to get into trouble. I understand he found paradise in America, had a good trade and made a good living. Police protected you and there were courts of law and he didn't need a friend like me. But now you come to me and you say, I'm gimme justice. But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me. Godfather said to you, come into my house on the day, my daughters to be married and you ask me to do murder money.


She ask you for justice. That is not justice. Your daughter is still alive. Living is Suffolk. Then she suffers. How much shall I pay you? Bon said, Bon said, what I ever done to make you treat me so disrespectfully? If you'll come to me in friendship, then the scu that wound your daughter would be suffering this very day. And if by chance an honest man like yourself should make enemies, then he would become my enemies.


And then they would fear you Be my friend Godfather. Good Someday. And that day may never come. I'll call upon you to do a service for me. But until that day, except this justice is a gift on my daughter's wedding day, That's a scene from The Godfather featuring Marlon Brando. Terry asked Francis Ford Coppola if Mario Puzo had first suggested casting Brando.


Well, it's true that Mario had always liked the idea of Brando. But you know, Mario was often Bayshore. He was not really on the scene so much as even a lot of my work with him was my sending him drafts and him writing notes. So although he had posed the idea of of of of the Godfather being Brando, I don't even know if he told me that because I just was hit by a whole bunch of ideas from the studio. Danny Thomas was one, Ernest Borgne. It was a whole bunch of of ideas. Even Carlo Ponti was suggested. And finally I came down to the thing about the, the character of, of that character was that, you know, you couldn't find anyone new as we had done for all the other parts.


Al Pacino was totally unknown. Johnny Casal was, Bobby Duval was realty. So a lot of new people got big parts, but like a man who was supposed to be in his sixties couldn't be new and like had never been in anything before because what was he doing all those years? So finally with my colleague and casting Fred Roos, we said, well, who's the two greatest actors in the world? So we said, well, Lawrence Olivier and Marlon Brando, each one had a difficulty for that part. Olivier was British, he was perfect age. He looked like he looked like one of the real guys.


Genove and Brando was only 47 years old. He was extremely handsome, as always had long flowing blonde hair. And most important, he had just been in some pictures, notably won by the great Pontecorvo called Burn. That was a huge flop. Tremendous financial flop. So the studio felt that Brando was supposedly difficult to work with, sort of irresponsible, you know, would cause big delays. The film was only budgeted for two and a half million dollars. You have to, to understand it wasn't like we would could throw money around. And my decision to make it in the forties and have period cars and shoot in New York was already impacting the car.


So that's one of the reasons why I was so unpopular. But they also hated my c my casting ideas. They hated Al Pacino for the role of Michael, and they hated Marlon Brando for the role and role of, of the, of the Godfather. And I was told categorically by the president of Paramount as Francis as the president of Paramount Pictures, I tell you here and now, Marlon Brando will never appear in this motion picture and I forbid you to bring it up again, But you won. How did you win? Well, when he said, I forbid you to bring it up again, I like fainted that I just fell on the floor on the carpet and like, you know, as if you know what? And then I said, what am I supposed to do if you tell me I can't even discuss it?


How can I be a director if I, if I, if the part I think should be a cast that you won't even let me talk about it? And I said, all right, we'll, we'll we'll tell you it this way. One, if he will do the movie for free, two, if he will put up, well if he'll do a screen test and three, if he'll put up a million dollar bond that he will in no way have any misbehavior that causes the, you know, the, the overrun of the picture budget, then you can do it. So I said, I accept, you know, so at least they were saying if I did three things, have a screen test, if I could get him to do the movie for nothing and if I could have him put up a million dollars, which is absurd, but, but at least I said I accept meaning.


Okay, now I can talk about it. So did he do the movie for free? No, I called him up and I said to Marlon, Marlon, you know, of course this is an Italian American, you know, wouldn't it be fun if we could like do a little experiment and kind of improv and see what playing an Italian might be like? That was my way to talk to an actor essentially asking for a screen test. But I didn't put it in those ways. And I knew that if I could do something with this little screen test that was convincing, the absurd idea of him doing it for nothing, although they didn't pay him much more than nothing, I think they paid him scale, which was an insult.


And obviously the putting up a bond to prevent misbehavior was, you know, sometimes you know, you, you, you, you, you say you accept terms, meaning that you just have a way to continue. So the important thing was to do some sort of a little screen test that I could get on tape and, and show to all these executives. So you play this kind of little trick and he did, he did improv on or whatever on, on, on film for you, what did he bring to that audition that he didn't realize was an audition? Well, well, I'd always heard the rumor that Marlon Brando didn't like loud noises and he always wore things in his ears.


So I took a couple of my colleagues from San Francisco from this period of, you know, having young filmmakers all Africa, and I told 'em all to dress in black and no one was to speak. We would do sign language. And so we descended on Marlon's house early in the morning. He wasn't up and these dings went to different corners and set up their cameras. And I also brought a whole bunch of like Italian sic and little Italian cigars and proni and little things. And I put them in, in dishes around just without even saying what I was doing. And then the door opened, they said he was gonna wake up and the door opened out came this beautiful man in a Japanese robe with flowing blonde hair and I'm we're shooting all of this.


And he came out and he didn't talk very much. He, you know, he's, he's Marlon was a brilliant man and he just knew what was going on instantly. And he, I remember he came and he took his hair and he rolled it up and made it sort of like a bun in the back. And then he took shoe polish and he made it and he was mumbling the whole time and he made a shoe polish and made his hair black. And then he put on a shirt that I had brought, and I remember him folding the, the lapel Lilly, those guys always, that lapel is always folded. He said, and and right in front of my eyes with then he said, oh, he's shot in the throat in the story. Somebody should talk like this, you know, his throat.


And he started doing that and, and, and, and, and right in front of my eyes, he transformed himself into this character and I couldn't, I couldn't believe it. And then he started picking up the sausage and eating it and he, he just gravitated to the props and was using it to create a kind of Italian, this the way he did it. And the whole time he was just going like this. He was going, he wasn't saying anything, which was funny because his phone rang, this was his home, this phone rang and he picked up the phone and went. I said, my god, who was it? Who called? What are they gonna think? But when it was all done, I had this tape and it was quite remarkable.


Francis Ford Coppola speaking to Terry Gross in 2016, he and Bonnie Rader, two of this year's Kennedy Center honorees, the ceremony held earlier This month is scheduled to be televised Sunday on CBS. Other nominees for 2024 include the Grateful Dead jazz trumpeter, Arturo Sandoval and the iconic Harlem Theater, the Apollo. After a break, Justin Chang reviews two new films that have made many critics end of year top 10 lists, nickel Boys and the Brutalist. This is Fresh Air.


How much can one person change in four years? The answer comes down to who he puts in charge. Trump's terms is a podcast where you can follow NPRs coverage of the people who will shape Donald Trump's first a hundred days in office and what their goals are. We will track his cabinet, picks his political team, his top military leaders to understand who they are, what they believe, and how they'll govern. Listen to Trump's terms from NPR.


When it came out in 1843, A Christmas Carol was a Sensation and Charles Dickens became a legend. Some people would consider him the originator of Christmas or the inventor of Christmas, The past, present, and future of Charles Dickens a Christmas Carol. Listen to through Line, wherever you get your podcasts.


Every weekday NPR R'S Best political reporters come to you on the NPR politics podcast to explain the big news coming out of Washington, the campaign trail and beyond. We don't just wanna tell you what happened, we tell you why it matters. Join the NPR politics podcast every single afternoon to understand the world through political eyes.


This is Fresh Air. Our film critic Justin Chang, recommends two new movies that have been hailed by critics groups as among the years best in the brutalist Adrian Brody Stars as a Hungarian Jewish architect who ends up in Pennsylvania after World War ii. Nickel Boys is an adaptation of Colson Whitehead's novel set in a juvenile detention facility in the Jim Crow South. Both films are now in theaters. It's a common complaint among movie goers that the best new films aren't released until the last few months or even weeks of the year, so as to maximize their Oscar prospects. While that's not always the case, great movies are in fact released all year round.


I do wish audiences hadn't had to wait until December to see Nickel Boys and the Brutalist. They're both ambitious period dramas directed by two filmmakers of extraordinary talent and vision. Nickel Boys is simply one of the most thrillingly inventive literary adaptations I've seen in years. It's based on the Pulitzer Prize winning 2019 novel by Colson Whitehead, about two black boys in 1960s, Florida, who were sent to a reform school called Nickel Academy. Elwood played by Ethan Risi is a studious teenager who lands in nickel after unwittingly hitching a ride in a stolen car.


At Nickel, he meets Turner, played by Brandon Wilson. The two forge, a close friendship that sustains them through the tedium and the terror of life. At Nickel Whitehead based his story on real life events at Florida's Dozier School for Boys, which operated from 1900 to 2011, and where many students were found to have been abused, tortured, and in some cases murdered by staff. Elwood an idealist deeply inspired by the teachings of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Believes he can get out of nickel through legal channels with some help from his loving grandmother, wonderfully played by Ingenue Ellis Taylor, but the more cynical streetwise Turner has his doubts.


My grandmother got me that lawyer man make a move there First Chorus play both the white and the black. They just move us around when they're ready. Mm, then we have to be like Knights. Check me. How many people you know done that L four, four Ways Outta Nickel Serve Your time or age out caught my nave. If you believe in miracles, you could die. They could kill you, you could run Nickel Boys is the first narrative feature written and directed by Ramel Ross, who previously made Hale County this morning, this evening, a lyrical documentary about black life in Alabama.


Remarkably Ross's filmmaking has lost none of its poetry. Here he and his cinematographer, Jomo Frey have boldly decided to tell the story in the visual equivalent of first person, so that at any given moment you're seeing the world through the eyes of either Elwood or Turner. The approach takes some getting used to, but the effect is astonishing. It calls on us to empathize in a radical new way with these two young men, their fleeting hopes and their crushing sense of entrapment By toggling between Elwood and Turner's perspectives and showing us how much they depend on each other, the movie makes us feel as if their souls are truly connected in achievement.


That becomes all the more heartbreaking as the film goes on. The brutalist is no less beautifully shot than nickel boys, but it's told in a more straightforward, classically sweeping fashion. Adrian Brody in his best performance since he won an Oscar for the pianist stars as Oslo to a Holocaust survivor who arrives in New York in 1947 back in his native Hungary before the war, Oslo was an architect famed for designing austere unadorned buildings in the us. He winds up in Pennsylvania. He's a nobody shoveling coal and struggling with a heroin addiction.


But then Oslo finds an unlikely benefactor. In Harrison Lee Van Buren, a self-made titan of industry who lives in Doylestown just north of Philadelphia. He's plagued magnificently by guy Pierce Harrison learns of Lolo's European reputation and hires him to design a local community center, A years long project that will become an expensive all consuming obsession in time. Oslo is reunited with his wife Jebe, a very good Felicity Jones from whom he was separated during the war. But her return can only do so much to ground him as he succumbs to the poll of ambition and addiction.


The brutalist is clearly in conversation with the fountain head, like Ayn Rand's architect protagonist. Howard Rourke Oslo is a stubborn, uncompromising visionary, but the actor turned filmmaker Brady Corbett, who previously directed the corrosive pop star psychodrama. Vox Luxe is chasing after some thorny ideas of his own. The brutalist is about the challenges of cultural assimilation, the crucial role that immigrant labor played in America's post-war boom, and the inherent power imbalance between patrons and artists. It's also about antisemitism. Oslo is tolerated barely within Harrison's waspy inner circle.


His genius makes him interesting and valuable to them, but it also makes him exploitable. Not everything about the Brutalist Works. One late plot twist seems a touch, literal minded, and I'm still chewing over the meaning of the final act. But Corbett, who's only 36, is already a director of startling confidence and he's made a rare American film that feels genuinely worthy of the word epic here. I should note that the Brutalist runs three hours and 35 minutes and holds you for every one of them. There is a 15 minute intermission and I couldn't wait for it to end.


Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed the brutalist and Nickel Boys. On Monday's show some great Christmas music. John Batiste will be at the piano to play, sing, and talk about some of his favorite Christmas songs. It's part two of the session we recorded with him and will listen back to Am Mere Quest, love Thompson playing recordings from the Christmas playlist he put together for us. Hope you can join us for Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley. I'm David Bian Cooley


For every headline, there's also another story about the people living those headlines on weekdays. Up first brings you the days' biggest news. On Sundays, we bring you closer with a single story about the people, places, and moments reshaping our world. Your news made personal Every Sunday on the Up. First podcast from NPR.


Hey, it's Peter Segel, the host of Wait, wait, don't Tell Me now. If you like, wait, wait. And you're looking for another podcast where the hosts take self-deprecating jabs at themselves and invite important guests on who have no business being there, then you should check out NPRs How to Do Everything. It's hosted by two of the minds behind Wait, wait, who literally sometimes put words in my mouth, find the How to Do Everything podcast, wherever you are currently listening to me, go on about it.