
Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels with over 300 independent hotels around the world, each exactly like nothing else. Autograph collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of hotel brands. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This is Fresh Air. I am Teri Gross. My guest, Bridgette Everett Stars in the semi autobiographical HBO series. Somebody somewhere. The third and final season begins Sunday, October 27th. Everett is also known for her wild raunchy cabaret performances in which she does standup and sings in the New York Times. Stephen Holden wrote about her cabaret act. Multiply the mouthy flesh, jiggling early bet Midler by 100. Give her the super plus size figure and fashion sense of divine, the John Waters diva and the manners of a Flintstone. And you've got a rough approximation of Bridget Everett. Holden also described her singing voice as a formidable instrument in somebody.


Somewhere she plays Sam, a 40 something woman who's returned home to Manhattan Kansas to help care for her sister Holly, who is dying of cancer. The series begins about six months after Holly's death. Sam is still grieving in ways she doesn't even realize. She has no direction. She's lost track of what makes her happy except singing. And she feels like a total outsider in her small hometown until she befriends Joel. They work at the same office, which they both hate. He's gay and single. She's single too. They share a sense of humor, have similar interests, confide in each other, and love being in each other's company. Joel reminds her they were in high school show choir together and he always loved her voice.


He's the pianist at his church and has a key. So under the guise of choir practice, he holds regular parties for his L-G-B-T-Q Friends at the church. At the first one, Sam attends Joel practically forces her to get up and sing. And everyone loves it. This community of friends becomes her community, but finding a welcoming place and a best friend. And Joel doesn't heal her insecurities like believing, she's unlovable, lashing out and withdrawing from anyone who she feels has offended her and it hasn't healed her grief. She takes offense easily, but she also manages to offend the people she's closest to In this scene. From the second episode in the series, she visits Joel and notices.


He has a vision board, a collage of photos representing what he wants to do and to have in the future. Joel is played by Jeff Hiller, Everett's character. Sam speaks first. You really spent some time on this. Not we need to go to Paris. You got an Eiffel Tower there and we'll, just Europe. I wanna go to Europe. Okay. Oh, and then of course everybody's hands in a heart Community. Great. Was that a blender or something? It's a Vitamix. I just, I really wanna have a nice kitchen And, oh, what's this one? Is this you and Michael and your nine adopted kids? Or, or what? It's not nine.


It's six. Oh and four of them are adopted? Yes. Okay. And you wanna do all of this here in, in Kansas? Yeah. This is where I live. Oh, family prayer circles. Pods with cactus and I mean. What is wrong with this? What's wrong with this? I, I, I'm dreaming about the future. This is what I want. Well, I mean, dream all you want, Joel, but this is the future. We're in our forties and it hasn't happened yet, has it? It hasn't happened for you. It hasn't happened for me. And that's because it's not going to happen. And it's definitely not going to happen here.


Keep cutting up your pictures but's the way it is. We deserve to be happy. I'm not sure. I don't know. Bridgette Everett, welcome back to Fresh Air. I really love this series. Hi. Thank you. I'm very happy to be here. Is this character a version of who you might have been? Had you not discovered a place for yourself in New York's cabaret world? Did you ever feel as hopeless about the future as Sam does? Oh yeah. I think I waited tables for 25 years. I worked in restaurants from maybe like 14 years old till I was maybe 42.


And, you know, you make money and it's, and it's great. It's nice to have a job and everything, but that's not what I wanted to do. And so, yeah, there was a lot of years where I'm like, well, maybe I'm just a karaoke singer. Maybe I'm, you know, and, and a lot of the self-worth stuff that Sam struggles with, you know, I struggle with. So we have a lot in common On IMDB. You are not listed as a creator of the series. So whose idea was it to do the series? Paul Thre and Hannah Bos came up with the idea they pitched the world. And when they were, you know, pitching it to me and Carolyn Strauss, they talked about the themes of singing and, you know, a dead sister. And then they said, and Mr.


Murrayhill plays Fred Coco and I was like, oh man, this is like, this checks all my boxes, Murray's my people singing is the love of my life. and I had lost my sister and didn't really know how to deal with it. So I'm like, let's just, let's give it a shot. And so once we got together to do the pilot, you know, we all, it's been a very collaborative effort, sort of a across the board. You mentioned Murray Hill and he plays Fred Rococo, who is a trans man in the series. So Murray Hill has been active in the New York Cabaret scene. Describe his place in, in that part of the scene. Well, he's, he's kinda like the mayor of downtown.


Everybody loves Murray. He is, you know, he's always out at night doing, hosting some show. You know, he's done a lot of work with the burlesque community. We've done a lot of stuff together. We've toured together. He's a great cheerleader for everybody. He's always bringing on the, you know, new face and giving people a chance. So, you know, his spirit, the spirit of Murray Hill is definitely in Fred Coco. So when Sam returns to Manhattan Kansas after her sister dies, especially, she feels like an outsider that there's no place for her until she finds her best friend Joel and the L-G-B-T-Q community of friends that are his friends. When you went back to Manhattan, Kansas from Manhattan, New York, what was that experience like for you in terms of feeling like an outsider or, I mean, you went to high school there, you still had family there.


Did you feel like an outsider too? And if so, what made you feel that way? Well, I was born and raised in Manhattan and I. Love it. There's so much that I love about in Manhattan, Kansas Manhattan. Kansas. Yeah, thank you. The little apple. And it's real, it's true. It's, it's there on the water tower on the side of town. You know, I, I had a lot of friends growing up and I I was popular, but I never felt like I fit in because I wasn't, you know, I didn't have like, traditional values, you know, it's a very conservative place. and I had kind of a blue sense of humor and I was always getting in trouble for, you know, doing something naughty and, you know, not just like keg parties and whatnot, but like, for my mouth, like, it's not the actions that I was doing, it was like who I was that was kind of like, oh, oh, Bridget.


You know, like that kind of thing. So I just, I, I don't know, I just, I just felt like I wasn't, like, it wasn't where I was supposed to be, so, so I, I left. But, you know, coming back over time, I've, I've gotten a new appreciation for it and I and I love it. But yeah, you kind of never shake that feeling of not feeling like you belong somewhere. And, you know, it's, it can run the gamut for a lot of people, but for me it was just like, oh my God, I'm like, my personality's a problem or something. I don't know. Do you still feel that way? Maybe not as much. 'cause you know, we're older and I just felt like I was constantly being tamped down and, and it makes sense for how the kind of person I was growing up in that kind of town in the eighties, in the seventies and eighties.


And so when I came to New York, Murray Hill's, one of the first people I met, I was like, oh my God, this is like, this is what I've been looking for. These are my people. Stage is a great place for that kind of big behavior. And you take advantage of that in the series n in real life. Yeah. I guess I finally got my shot to be like who I wanted to be, so I really went for it and probably went a little too far. There's a couple times there when I was really like trying to find my footing and figure out exactly who I was on stage, where Murray would be like, all right kid, we gotta sit down and talk. You don't have to go that far. Good. What's an example Of that? I, I'm not gonna say it on the pr. Alright then give us an example of what you do do that's pretty outrageous.


Okay. Well I sing about different kinds of breasts, right? I have a song about it. It rhymes with cities. And, and the point of that song for me is that it's kind of just making light of it. It's like, it's no big deal. We're just, these are just, they're just boobs, you know? We're just my, we, my mom used to go to the grocery store in just her nightgown with no brawn. And for as conservative and buttoned up was as she was, she had like a really foul mouth, her favorite cuss word, which I know you, you can just bleep is and like, and she, That's a long bleep. I know. Yeah. But she was a real character and there was something about like, she, she wanted to like fit in and, and play by the rules, but she also had this kind of off the rails part about her.


And that's the part about her I loved. So I think the sort of lawlessness of her going to food for less a grocery store without a bra, like I just loved that. And so now I go on stage without a bra and I just want people to not be so locked up. I want them to come and, and to, and to let go. And so I do everything I can to help them feel free because when I grew up, I didn't feel that way. and I guess I I chase that feeling on stage. And you know, you're a large woman. Yeah. And some people would be covering up their bodies on stage. You really show it off and you wear revealing clothes and you use it both with pride and with comedy.


Yeah, I think it's, it, it's sort of all that stuff I was talking about with my mom. I, my friend Larry Cron makes all my dresses, we call 'em the House of Larry on and, and we like to lean into the size of my body and the shape of my body. And he's always like, he's like, you know, you have a, an incredible body. He's always like really building me up. And, and so when there's something that like, that like a low cowl that may like slip and something pops, you know, we, that makes us laugh. It's not like, oh, I'm, I'm trying to be sexy or provocative. It's more just like, oh my God, that's so funny. Just, it's just nothing's meant to take itself too seriously.


But what I do take seriously is making people feel good. So you and your character Sam, are capable of a wide range of types of singing and you can do like really beautiful ballads, but also like really belt it out and give it everything. and I wanna play examples of that from, from the series. So we're gonna hear two songs back to back. Okay. And the first is a beautiful quiet ballad. And this takes place when you, you see your old high school singing teacher for the first time because you wanna develop your voice and you wanna take singing lessons. And she's singing you for the first time in years and wants to hear you sound now.


So she asks you to just sing something that you love acapella. So that's the first song we'll hear. And the song is called, that's All. It's an Old standard. And then the second song, it's what you choose to sing at one of the, so-called Choir Practices. That's really just a party for a circle of L-G-B-T-Q Friends. And that song is gonna be Peace of my Heart, which Janice Joplin, she was not the first to record it, but she really made it famous and it was a real showstopper for her. And it's one for you too. So first the Ballad, that's all. And then Peace of My Heart. I can only give you country walks in springtime and a hand to hold when leaves begin to fall.


And the love who's burning light will warm though Winter tonight. That's all, that's all there are those I am sure who have told you they would give you the world for a tour. All I have are these arms to unfold You. And the love time can never destroy did not make you feel like you were the man.


Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Possibly can. and I tell myself that I think I've had enough and I'm going show you baby woman. I want to another piece of, Do those two songs represent different sides of who you are?


Yeah, absolutely. The piece of my heart is from my karaoke days, that used to be a song that I would, I go to this place of parlor on the Upper West side, which is not closed, but I would go there every Sunday night with my friends. I would sing that on top of the bar, rip my shirt open, and then yeah, You rip your shirt up open at the end of the song in the series. Yeah. Oh yeah, that's right. I guess, you know, you can't, you can't shake the, you can't shake it out. It's just something that stays with you. You see, You do enjoy revealing what's underneath. Well It's also just like, it's just like, yeah, it's about, you know, ripping yourself open The shirt is like, sort of a, a, a dumb metaphor for like how I wanna wanna be outside of my skin, outside of myself. That's what it feels like.


And then that's all is, you know, I, I love that song. And for me, singing and music is my ultimate love story. My, you know, it's how I feel most connected. It's how I feel alive and I love the beauty of it. and I also love, you know, the ripping the shirt openness of it. I think it's, it can, you know, it represents all, all sides of how we feel In the series. There's family members who you're alienated from and friends who become like family.


I think something like that has been experienced by many people who are probably hearing us. Now, your character, Sam's best friend is Joel. The only person outside of her deceased sister who Sam thinks ever really looked out for her. He's gay and single Sam is single. So Sam and Joel become very close. But then Joel meets a man who he falls in love with and they become a couple. But Joel doesn't tell your character Sam. And when you find out from someone else, you're really angry. Joel calls and texts, but your character won't respond. He finds out that you're going to be at a diner with a mutual friend. So he goes there to try to see you, or I should say your character, Sam, to apologize and to tell you how much he misses you.


Your character. Sam speaks first. I'm so mad at you Joel and I don't wanna be, but I can't help it. I'm sorry, Sam, you have a boyfriend and you don't think I can handle it. So you just don't tell me. Sam, do you have any idea how stupid that makes me feel? I'm sorry. Oh my God. Why doesn't anybody think I can handle anything? I can handle it. God, first my sister. Now you, wait, what happened with your sister? No, you don't get to know God. Maybe I wouldn't have been. Okay. Okay, fine. But I thought that we had the kind of relationship that there was something that was that important to you, that you would want me to know that you would wanna share it with me.


But you didn't, did you? We do have that kind of relationship. No, you keep secrets and I don't want secrets. I just didn't think you would understand. I don't understand what Joel, what I do love what we have together, but we can't provide everything for each other. Oh God. I don't want you to be my boyfriend, Joel. I just don't want you to leave me. I'm not going anywhere. Well, it can't be the same Now. It's not gonna be the same.


No, I guess not. That's a scene from somebody somewhere. The HBO series that begins its third and final season, October 27th. And we heard my guest Bridget Everett in the role of Sam and Jeff Hiller in the role of Joel. Have you been on both sides of that experience? The person who gets a boyfriend and then also the person who has a best friend who either, you know, finds a boyfriend or a girlfriend or gets married, or who has a first child and you feel excluded. You feel like your relationship with that person can't ever be the same?


Well, I, I think that I've more really only been on the Sam side and you know, I think it's taken her so much to open up. You know, she's not like other people. A lot of people can collect people or meet new people and easily assimilate to that, that feeling. But Sam is paralyzed by new people and new emotions and new feelings. And she's found somebody that, that has opened her up and now she's terrified of losing him and, and I. But I understand his side of the thing. He's just like, he's, he's in his bubble and, and he is falling in love and I understand that.


But you know, I think for Sam, and it's sort of central to the show actually, is that for some people, romantic relationships aren't the goal. Sam just wants to be loved and, and wants to have her person. But that doesn't necessarily mean it's a romantic relationship. and I think that usually in TV and film or in theater or whatever it is, or in music, like it's about boy meets boy, boy meets girl, girl meets girl. Well, whatever the scenario is, and that's the ultimate, you know, that people fall in love. But, but this is it for Sam.


Like Joel is the person and she's, and it's hard for her to find that person and then see them that, that she's not gonna be the primary focus of his life. I, I it's, and she and she's sloppy about it. She's very sloppy about it. and I think that, that's fine If you're just joining us, my guest is Bridget Everett. She stars in the semi autobiographical series. Somebody somewhere, which begins its third season on HBO Sunday, October 27th. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Organic Valley. A co-op of small organic family farms. Farmer Tyler Webb shares what being a steward of his land means to him. When I think of land stewardship, it's taking the opportunity to like slowly walk through your farm, to listen, to Look for ways to work in harmony with our environment, with our ecosystem. Discover Organic Valley Dairy at ov.coop/ethically sourced.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from Dell Technologies. This season get premium tech that inspires joy. The XPS 16 from Dell Technologies with Intel core ultra processors help unlock AI possibilities. Shop now at Dell dot com slash deals.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. Let's get back to my interview with Bridgette Everett. She stars on the semi autobiographical HBO series. Somebody somewhere. She plays Sam, a 40 something woman who's returned to her hometown, Manhattan Kansas, to take care of her sister Holly, who's dying of cancer. The series begins about six months after Holly's death. Sam is still in Kansas, but feels like a total outsider until she becomes part of a circle of L-G-B-T-Q friends who are also outsiders. The story is about grief, friendship, how friendship has changed when your best friend becomes involved in a romantic relationship and you feel cut out, anger management, insecurity and trying to figure out what you want out of life when you're in your forties.


And other people seem to have already figured it out. Somebody somewhere begins. Its third and final season, Sunday night, October 27th on HBO. So Sam was back to Kansas to take care of her older sister Holly, who's dying of cancer, who, who you've been referring to because you also had a sister who was dying of cancer and you returned to Manhattan Kansas where you grew up to take care of her. No, I didn't. I didn't. Oh, You didn't return there? No, no, this, this, I did have a sister that died at cancer and she was in California. And in fact I was waiting tables at the time. I, you know, barely had two pennies to rubbed together and I couldn't go see her at the end.


And I've kind of never forgiven myself for it. So this is a way to honor her in a way that I wasn't able to before. Were you able to tell her why you couldn't go? Well, there was a point at the very end, you know, they wanted me to, to talk to her 'cause she was kind of refusing, you know, treatment stuff. And they thought that I might be able to have some influence on her and, you know, she was just in so much pain and it, it didn't, it didn't, she didn't wanna talk to me, you know, after I was like, you know, let them help you, whatever.


Anyway, I then I asked the nurse, I said, you know, 'cause I talked to a friend who was gonna get me a ticket out there and, and you know, she just said that, you know, it wasn't worth it 'cause she wouldn't know who I was anyway, so I didn't go. What you went through must have been really difficult because, you know, you're playing the part of someone whose sister recently died, like just months ago. At the same time your mother died while you were making the series.


And at the same time while you were making this series, one of the lead actors, Mike Haggerty, who played your father in the series, he died. So like, you're playing the role of somebody who's still grieving And my dog, by the way. Yeah. So it was, it wasn't a great run. Yeah. So I'm just wondering what that was like for you to play somebody who's grieving and to be having really fresh wounds of grief. You know, it was actually nice because it, it was, you know, the, the set and the world and all the people in the show are so, they're like the kindest people that you want to be around.


And they're respectful of your feelings and your emotion. And my family who, who I love, we don't really talk about things necessarily. So I never really talked that much with him about my sister or my mom or my dad. And then Mike died. That was a whole different kind of hell because when I met him, we had this instant connection, you know, when he came in to read for the part of Ed who, who plays my father on the show, I just started crying right away because I was like, oh my god, this, he made, he just walks in a room and he, he's one of those people you just feel safe around and you love and you feel comfort and he's funny and he's like, you know, and, and so when he died, we were getting ready to film season two and we had written quite a bit for him because he was so great in season one.


And, and we had such a great connection and so it was very hard on all of us. But we've tried to keep his memory alive through the show. Whether it's like having his truck in this the shot or, or there's a scene in the, in the final episode that's for him. You know, there's just, I think being around such a supportive group of people helped get me through a lot of the grief. And you were sharing some of the grief too. Absolutely. We were all doing it together. And, and also Poppy, my dog who was there season one and I had to put it, this is such a, this is so much darkness, but you know, I, other than singing, she was the other love of my life.


and I had to put her down on a Sunday afternoon and go back to work on Monday morning. And everybody, you know, we all love our dogs and our animals and people knew how difficult that was. And, and people just, you show up to work, people make you laugh and they get you through it. and I mean if I would've been at home alone, just sitting in my apartment, staring at the walls, who knows what would've happened. But being around all those people working, making a show that we really love doing and being a part of a, a group of creative minds that kind of all were in sync. It was really, it was really wonderful actually In the series, your parents live on a farm in the real world.


Your parents divorced when you were young. And from what I've read, and correct me if this is wrong, that your father Don James Everett was a Republican in the Kansas State House and in the Kansas Senate. Yeah. And then he was also at some point mayor of my hometown. So it was my brother Brad. So, you know, political dynasty, I always feel for the children of politicians who are used in campaign ads and on the stump when they're making speeches and they have to go up and be like perfect children at the convention. Well, We have, we have one pic I have it in my house. My, it's a framed picture.


It's like my mom and dad and all six of us kids. And we're all riding bikes, I think in some, either my, my dad's arms or something. And then we're all riding down our, our street that I grew up on Fairview in Manhattan. And, and you know, it's like this whole image of family and that just was not what was happening behind closed doors, but what Was happening behind closed doors, You know, just fighting and infidelity on your classic, your classics. Did what you do on stage ever become an embarrassment to your family? I think in the early days I Is this so raunchy, I I worried about that. So that's why I kept it from them large, you know, largely tried to keep it from them.


And eventually my friend Pilo was like, your mom really should come and see you. And of course I didn't really have much money so he flew her out to New York and she came to see me at Joe's Pub and she just loved it. and I, I really underestimate, it was like such a waste of time. It's always what I do. I sort of get in my own way and think people aren't gonna like something and blah blah blah. It's just such a waste of time. I brought her up on stage actually to sing Hello Dolly. 'cause she'd always wanted to be on Broadway and she wanted to be Dolly and I have like a really terrible recording of everybody just up on their feet yelling Freddy Freddy after she sang. So in a way she got her her Hello Dolly moment.


But then afterwards she came backstage and she, she just looked at me and She said, you know, that was really wonderful Bridget. And then She said that was freedom in motion and, and you know, still the best compliment and probably the nicest thing anybody's ever said to me. Maybe she was ready at that point in her life. Yeah. To appreciate what you're doing. May maybe if you, you'd brought her to Manhattan earlier to Manhattan, New York. Yeah. Earlier she would not have been ready. Well I and I, I went to Kansas City and I also did a show in Lawrence and you know, my mom as she got older, got a real foul mouth on her and I have a song. Oh, what I gotta do to get that.


That becomes, that becomes a sing along. And you know, at the end I just, you know, get everybody singing, women singing now the men singing now just my mom. And then she would sing it and everybody be quiet and she just brought the house to its knees every single time. And Oh, that's hilarious. And, and then later in life when she would go around her, her nursing home, she would sing it to the nurses and stuff and like, and My daughter wrote that song. Yeah. Oh absolutely. You know, not my daughter's on HBO 'cause she wasn't sure what was going on at that point. But she could still remember the, the hook of what I gotta do to get And they, what are they gonna do?


They can't, you know, they can't say anything 'cause she's, what's she gonna do? She's in a wheelchair. She can't walk. Alright, let me reintroduce you again, if you're just joining us. My guest is Bridgette Everett and she stars in the HBO series. Somebody somewhere. The third and final season begins Sunday, not October 27th. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air


Support for this podcast. And the following message come from autograph collection hotels offering over 300 independent hotels around the world, each exactly like nothing else, hand selected for their inherent craft. Each hotel tells its own unique story through distinctive design and immersive experiences. From medieval falconry to volcanic wine tasting. Autograph collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of over 30 hotel brands around the world. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


The following message comes from NPR sponsor Ameriprise Financial SVP Marcy Keckler shares the importance of building trusted relationships. Our financial advisors build trust with their clients through an ongoing relationship that's grounded in personalized financial advice, so that as clients' needs change, the financial advice will also change. For more information and important disclosures, visit ameriprise.com/advice. Ameriprise Financial cannot guarantee Future Financial Results. Securities offered by Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC member Finra and SIPC,


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with Bridgette Everett. She stars in the semi autobiographical HBO series, somebody somewhere. And the third and final season begins Sunday, October 27th. Well, your mother was a singing teacher. I don't think she taught you, but my Mother was a music teacher. She, ah, she, she taught, my mom taught in, she's a a public school teacher, music teacher, and she also taught afterschool lessons, you know, violin, piano, whatever, guitar, everything. So she did not teach me, but she insisted that we all take piano lessons. And what was great about having a music teacher for a mother is that she thought that me wanting to be a singer was totally okay.


And she really supported it. And even as I was waiting tables all those years, she, she not unlike my sister was, well, you know, I remember I got some, I booked a festival in Australia and I called my mom and She said, look at that. You're going across the world because of your singing. You know, just like, yeah. What did she think of your voice? She loved it. She, she was another one. Like, you know, when I would sing, if I didn't get the lead part in the musical, she thought I got robbed and she loved my singing. But really, we like to make music together. My brother Brock can play just anything by ear on the piano.


He is so talented. He is very funny. And we actually, the three of us all love NPR. We love public radio. And my, We appreciate that. In fact, this is a little story about my mom that I think is really funny. My, so my brother many years ago called, it was Mother's Day and he called Public radio, our local public radio station and asked them to dedicate a song to my mom. They, he wanted to play her favorite song. And so he's on the phone in Lawrence, I think, and she's in Manhattan Kansas. And they're like, okay, this one is for Freddie Everett from your son Brock, blah, blah, blah. And they play My Funny Valentine, which is her favorite song.


And at the end they're sitting there and, and Brock says, well mom, what, what'd you think of that? And She said, well, you know, smoke her stereo, thoughtful, cheap but thoughtful. And that is my mom. So what That's so that's our connection to public radio. One of em. That's hilarious. I love it. I love it. I don't know if I should ask you this about your mother or not. So your, your mother was a drinker. Should I go there or not? Yes. Fine. Your mother was a drinker, as is the mother in your series. And I'm wondering what kind of responsibilities that put on you and what kind of questions you had to ask yourself about what to try to do about it when she was, you know, when the drinking was really getting out of control.


Well, when my mom's drinking was honestly always outta control, but I just thought that that's the way life was. And then when I was in college or when I was living in Arizona, it really got bad. Like she stopped going to work, she locked her doors, you know, that kind of thing. And then my brother and sister came and got her and, and took her to rehab. So they were the ones who really took action for me. I just kind of thought that was how it was gonna be. I don't know. That's not a great answer, but it's the truth. Was she drinking when you were young and depending on her?


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. She, you know, we used to, we still say to now fill it to the rim, Roger, she would have us go, you know, take her glass and fill it with scotch and you know, she'd say, fill it to the Grandma. You, you had to contribute to her drinking by filling the, the glass. Oh yeah, yeah. And then, you know, help her get up to sta up the stairs to bed and, you know, and it was just my brother Brock and my mom and me and every, you know, everybody else had grown up and left the house. We would go to Taco Tuesday and she'd have a bunch of margaritas and you know, Brock would drive us ho drive her home and, you know, she just kind of, in the end, she's probably a narcissist of some kind, but she just was lawless about everything in life and, and her drinking, you know, until she just, when she went to rehab, she just, that was it.


She just stopped. She's like, I, I lost a taste for it. But her life was really outta control because of drinking. Did that contribute to any feelings you had of being like, uncared for or unloved? No, I think that probably stems more from my relationship with my dad. Even though she drank a lot, she made us laugh and, and, you know, spent so much time with us, she came to every single swim, meet everything, every concert, every, you know, sitting in the front row. And she was very supportive. She just had a, she just drank way too much.


I wanna get back to your voice. So you studied voice in college at Arizona State University, you had a full scholarship. Opera was one of the things that you studied. Do you love opera? I do. I do. I So do, I, I, you know, it's, it's not as trendy as it used to be. When was it trendy? I think I missed that. I know, I know. Oh, oh, okay. That was a joke. Okay. I thought I missed something. No, no. I, I I love it. I went to the opening night of the Met Opera last year, which is really incredible. And you know, it's just to be able to sing that way is, for me, it was, it didn't, was not com is, was not compatible with my lifestyle.


What do you mean by that? Well, I used to in college when I was singing that way, you could still smoke in bars. Like I don't smoke, but if you go to bar and I like to go to bars, I would lose my voice because I'm so sensitive to smoke. And, and if I drank you could hear like, the clarity in my voice would change. And, and I was like, man, I, I don't, I don't wanna be all, I don't wanna live a life like this. So I found a style of singing that was more suitable to my lifestyle, which is however I sing now. But I do, you know, I love, I love classical music and I love, you know, just the richness of an operatic voice, but it's not for me anymore.


I had to hang up those chords. But what did you learn from opera? That you can still take with you Discipline and that it's, it's, you know, it's, it's a, you have to, you have to care for your voice. You have to warm up, you have to cool down. You have to, you know, it's, it's like any other muscle. You wanna stretch it, you wanna care for it. I wish that I took care of my insides and the rest of my body, the way that I care for my voice. I'm always like drinking way too much water. I'm always running for the toilet. But, you know, I know that's gonna help me, my voice stay healthy. Because when I can't sing, when I, when I lose my voice for, if I get a cold or, or for whatever reason or I've over sung or something, it really sends me into a spiral and kind of like, and it's just not worth the, the, those depths that I go to.


'cause it's like, oh, what if I could ever sing again? It's the only thing that makes me happy. I often lose my voice when I have a cold. It turns into laryngitis and that can last for a couple of days or for a week. And they always think like, well, it'll come back. And another voice in my head goes, how do you know? How do you know exactly What if it doesn't, You know, for people like us who need their voice to, to pay the rent, it's like, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's a big deal. And it's not just the paying the rent of it, it's because I love it and I need it. There was a period years ago when I'd get a cold start to lose my voice and I'd still be smoking on the air. And this was in the days when you could have an ashtray and a cigarette. Oh, my gosh.


In the studio. Yeah. and I thought, what are you doing? Do you still smoke? Oh no. I gave it up years ago, many years ago, decades ago. And that's what helped me give it up. I thought like, this is sick. If you're smoking and losing your voice at the same time, that's, that is really destructive. Yeah, totally. My mom used to smoke in the car with the windows rolled up and it was just, it was a living nightmare. It's, I've, I just, the smell makes me really sick to my stomach. If you're just joining us, my guess is Bridgette Everett, she stars in the HBO series. Somebody somewhere. The third and final season begins Sunday night, October 27th.


We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Walmart Walmart is fueling American jobs and strengthening communities with an additional $350 billion investment in products made, grown or assembled in America. This commitment to US manufacturing is helping local businesses across the country hire more people and support their local communities. Learn how Walmart is supporting us manufacturing by visiting Walmart dot com slash America at work.


Hey there, it's Tamara Keith. I cover the White House. I know this is hard to believe, but one day the election will be over, then the winner gets a lot more powerful. It's my job to report on what they do with that power. That's public accountability, but it's not possible without public support. So please support our work. Sign up for NPR plus go to plus.npr.org. This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with Bridget Everett. She stars in the semi autobiographical HBO O series. Somebody somewhere the third and final season begins Sunday, October 27th. You play a version of yourself in this series.


Is that fair to say? You've been in other films and played somebody who may resemble you, but it's not you in the way that this is, has like very direct connections to your life. What's it like to kind of play yourself in something that's also fictional? Well, I like it because I'm not a trained actor and if there's something that emotionally resonates with me, it's easier for me to relax and connect to the scene. I also like it because I feel like the character of Sam is somebody that you don't really see.


And she's, she's got a lot of problems and a lot of flaws and you know, she's like a plus size woman and middle age and I. I dunno, there's a lot I love playing about her and, and getting to represent her and, but for me, I don't know. I'm just like, it's so unbelievable. I'm talking to you right now. I'm about a show that I am a part of on HBO, like I just, and that I play a part that's perfectly suited for me. This will never happen again. And it's, it's really incredible In terms of your acting, you've learned how to cry on camera when your character needs to cry.


Yeah, but I think it's like, it's not like I wanna cry in the scene. It's more when I am I'm just trying to understand where Sam is in that moment and, and just let it rip. And sometimes there's a scene and I think I'm gonna cry and I don't cry. And then there's a scene where you know, it, it's sort of unpredictable. Like there was a scene in this season, I was like, oh, I think this is gonna be such an emotional scene for me. And it just wasn't at all. The other character is crying. But I, I mean, I was emotionally engaged, but I just wasn't crying. And then there's other times when you're overcome with emotion in the scene and I.


I think it's just trying to, what I've tried to do through the whole experience of the show, from the writing to production to the acting of it, is just be as present and as honest as I can be. I really struggle with that in real life. I feel like I'm constantly like uncomfortable where I am and, and and, and expressing. I have a hard time expressing myself. So I really wanted to take the opportunity of this show to, to live in it. And if that meant crying, great. If it meant fart jokes, great.


But I, I was all in. So it sounds like you learned to be more emotionally accessible in terms of being receptive to other people and accessing your own emotions through playing yourself in the series. Yeah, I think that's a hundred percent true because I've, I've learned so much doing this show and I've learned from not just playing Sam and, and writing the different characters, but I've, you know, I have learned by being Sam who struggles with self-worth that I've learned that maybe I am enough and maybe I deserve this and maybe this moment was because I earned it.


So HBO at the end of the month will start the final season of somebody somewhere. It's the third and final season. How did you and everybody else decide that this is it, this is the final season? Well, the fact that we even got a pilot felt like a miracle. And every time we got greenlit for another season, it felt like a miracle. It's a small show with a small audience on a small budget. and I, we have a very loyal and loving audience. And some of our biggest fans are at HBO and they have been very supportive of us. And as far as you know, behind the scenes we wrote every season like it was a moment in time and never knowing when the show would be over.


So it's, this is the end of this iteration, but, you know, maybe we'll do a movie one day, maybe, who knows what's next because for me, the characters still live on and I know that their stories are not done and, you know, ready to tell more when it's time. Are you still doing your cabaret act? I'm playing the Beacon on Thursday night and there are probably just a few tickets left. You wanna come and see it? I wish I could. Well, maybe a listener would. Well I wanna congratulate you on the series. I really love it. I wish I was friends with the people on it, I mean with the characters. Not that I wouldn't mind being friends with you, but you know, they're all such like, interesting complex and, you know, flawed but wonderful people.


Well, I hope that you enjoy the new season. I'm, I'm, I think it's the best season yet. I'm so proud of the show and we really appreciate you having me on and talking about it. 'cause I, we want more people to see it. Bridgette Everett Stars in the HBO series, somebody somewhere. The third and final season begins this Sunday, October 27th. Tomorrow on Fresh Air, we'll talk with New Yorker staff writer Susan Glasser about her article Purchasing Power. We'll also talk about Trump's new crypto venture. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at npr Fresh Air.


Fresh Air as Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer is Adam Chesky. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Ann Ri Maldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Childer, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producers are Molly c Neper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America Company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from American Express. The American Express business Platinum Card offers world-class, business and travel benefits. This card was designed to help you get more for your business wherever it may take you. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash amex business.


Read about the impact of women in music with NPRs new book, how Women Made Music, A Revolutionary History from NPR Music. This stunning anthology offers original writing and illustrations, interviews and photos, and the audio book includes 52 years worth of interview excerpts with more than 60 legendary artists. Visit npr.org/how women made music to order now.