
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member fdi.


Hi, it's Terry Gross. Before we start our show, I wanna take a minute to remind you that it's almost giving Tuesday, which is so named because it's become a day of expressing gratitude by giving money or any kind of help to an individual or group or organization that matters to you. We've found a way to turn Giving Tuesday into Giving and getting Tuesday. If you subscribe to NPR Plus in return, you'll be getting special bonus episodes from a bunch of NPR podcasts. These bonus episodes are available only to NPR plus subscribers on Fresh Airs Bonus episodes you'll hear hosted, curated timely interviews from our archive every week. NPR plus members also get to listen to all NPR podcasts without interruptions from sponsors. And the subscription is a tax deductible donation. It's a win-win. So join us@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org. Or you can always make a gift@donate.npr.org. Thank you. And thanks to everyone who's already supporting us. And now on with the show, This is Fresh Air.


I'm Terry Gross, the classic songs lady, be Good. Embraceable You's Wonderful. Love is Here to Stay. Let's call the whole thing off. Fascinating rhythm. I Got. Rhythm. I've got a Crush on You. My ship. The man that got away long ago and far away I could go on. They all have lyrics by Ira Gershwin. Most of his best known songs were written with his younger brother, the pianist and composer, George Gershwin. But Ira also wrote with Harold Arlen, Jerome Kern and Kurt Vile. My guest, Michael Owen, is the author of the new book, IRA Gershwin A Life In Words. Owen was the archivist for the IRA and Leonard Gershwin Trusts until those papers were given to the Library of Congress.


Owen now works with the Trusts as a consulting archivist and historian. He's also the author of a book about the singer Julie London. Let's start with Ella Fitzgerald, singing Lady Be Good From Her 1959 album. Ella Fitzgerald sings the George and Ira Gershwin Songbook. It's the title song from an early Gershwin musical. Oh am so in this big city.


I tell you Michael Owen, welcome to Fresh Air. I love the Gershwin's music, so it's a pleasure to be able to talk with you about it. I open with Late to Be Good 'cause I think it ties together the early part of Ira Gershwin's career with the part in the 1950s when he wasn't really writing much and his career, his songs like Needed a Boost, and Ella Fitzgerald's Gershwin's Songbook really helped give him that. So can you talk a little bit about the importance of both of those ends? You know, the Lady Be Good Musical and the Ella Fitzgerald Gershwin's Songbook.


Thank you. First off for having me on. 1924 was absolutely a big year for Ira, IRA and George. It brought them together for the first time as a songwriting team to write a Broadway show. And because Lady Be Good was such a success, it fostered the, the rest of their career together. But by the time the late 1950s came around when Ella Fitzgerald recorded the songbook, Iris career had come to an end. He might not have known that at the time, but it did. We know that now. And the songbook, one of a series of songbooks that at El Fitzgerald did, of other songwriters of the period brought a new light, a new focus on the songs that the brothers wrote.


And so it was a commercial success. It was an artistic success, and it brought on a wealth of new recordings of those songs and others in the catalog and helped Ira financially quite well. George and Ira had very different interests and personalities. George was more extroverted. Ira was more like shy or wanted to stay more in the background. And you know, George was very musical. Ira was immersed in words. He, he read a lot. He kept a record of what he read. He started writing Light Verse that was published in the college magazine or newspaper and other places were they close as children being so different from each other.


They were only two years apart and they were the first and second children of Morris and Rose Gershwin. So they, they grew up together even though their interests were very separate. George was somebody who went out and got into fights and came home with a black eye. Iro was back in his room reading newspaper articles and, and magazines and books. So, you know, his life became more one of observation rather than activity. Whereas George's life would've been a 180 degree difference from that. When Ira was young, either in high school or college, he became friends with the Yip Harburg, the lyricist, probably most famous for writing the lyrics for the Wizard of Oz.


And he also wrote the very famous lyric, brother, can you spare a dime? And not only were they friends and they often like talked about not only poetry and light verse, but also lyrics together. Ira actually contributed a couple of lines to Over The Rainbow from The Wizard of Oz. What was IRA's contribution? Well, all three of the writers who were friends, Harold Arlan, the composer, and, and y Harburg and, and Ira, who had been classmates and writing partners together before, when Arlan and Harburg had been hired to write the score at MGM for Wizard of Oz, they played the tune that arlen's tune that that became over the rainbow for Ira because he was a sounding board.


And, and I must say that, that that was the way it was in with all these writers of that period. They were all generally friendly to each other. I don't think there was a lot of competition. I mean, there was competition obviously, but there, there wasn't angry competition. So when the song was finished, or at least when Harburg and Arlen thought the song was finished, they came over to IRA's house and Arlen sit down at the piano and played the tune and Harburg sang the song. and I Ira liked it a lot, but he, he felt like that there was something missing at the end, a coda to the song. And so Ira was the one who came up with the line about blue, blue birds flying at the end, which is one of the more famous lines from the song.


But If happy little Blue Birds fly beyond the Rainbow, why? Oh, Y can't I? Right? And, and I, I think that sums up the song in many ways. It sums up the film, it sums up Dorothy's journey. But I, I think he just was helping out his friends and whether he got credit for that or not didn't really make that much difference to him. And he did not get credit as a I He didn't, he did not get credit. No, no. Why don't we just hear that code up. Just hear the end of the song. If Happy Little Blue Birds fly, be on the, That was the end of Somewhere Over, the Rainbow from The Wizard of Oz.


And we heard those last couple of lines, which were actually written by Ira Gershwin. Ira read so many books and you know, wrote Light Verse. And some of the lyrics have really fun, funny literary references in them. And an example for that is, but Not for Me, which is a, a beautiful song and it has a line, I found More Skies of Gray than any Russian play can guarantee one of his famous lines. Can you talk a little bit about that song and where, how it originated? Well, but Not For Me was one of the songs, what that was written for the 1930 Musical Girl Crazy, which featured a very young Ginger Rogers that that was a song that, that Ginger Rogers sang in the show, ballad that she sang.


And it was also the show that that brought Ethel Merman to everybody's attention. So I Got Rhythm as in the same show, and it was perhaps the height of the Gershwin's silly shows by 1930 before they went into some of the political shows of the few years after. And then GY Bess, but not for me, is, it's a very romantic ballad, and you can take it that way. But if you listen to the lyrics closely, you can hear both Iver's influences because as you say, he, he read a lot and he had a huge library, but also his tricky rhymes about wedding knots and being that that was not, for me, Part of the lyric, and it's the end of the lyric was when every Happy Plot ends with a marriage knot and there's no knot for me.


So as a, a, a clever play on words. Absolutely correct. and I and I think that one of the things that Ira complained about sometimes was that in a theater, most people were never gonna get that sense of the song. They were gonna hear the two words and the two sounds not a knot. And they think they were the same thing. And it was only the people who actually studied the sheet music or who sang the song professionally who might pick it up. But he did this on purpose. Why? Because he always wanted to have some fun with the lyrics. I don't think he ever thought of lyric writing, particularly in his early years as a job so much as, as it was his way of making his thoughts about love and art known to the world of musical theater and film, music and popular songs.


And whether people got that or not, that certainly wasn't up to him. But he was very protective of his lyrics. And when, when singers would sing songs and not in the way that he wrote them singing, I've Got Rhythm instead of I, Got Rhythm, you know, he was, he was somewhat offended by that in a humorous way. It was the same with s Wonderful. Absolutely. And somebody saying it's wonderful, you'd get pretty upset. and I was listening to the Lee Wiley. She did a whole set of Gershwin songs and she sings, it's wonderful. It's supposed to wonderful. But she's such a great singer. Anyhow, let's not get too distracted and hear, let's hear, but not for me.


Should we hear Lee Wiley singing it? Absolutely. Let's hear Lee Wiley. And, and this is on her recording from the 1930s, right? Yes. Lee Wiley was, she's generally a forgotten name in, in the world of popular song these days, but she was one of the first performers to do what we now call songbook albums. So let's hear Lee, we is recording from the 1930s of George and Ira Gershwin's, but not for me. They're writing songs of love, but not for me.


Lucky stars, but not for me. We love, I and I fall and I, That was Lee Wiley recorded in the 1930s singing the Gershwin song, but not for me.


My guest, Michael Owen, is the author of a new book called Ira Gershwin A Life In Words. What was their approach to writing together? Everybody wants to know what came first, the words or the music and their approach to writing together changed over the years. It did. I, IRA jokingly would usually say that what came first was the contract, but Sammy Khan used to say that too. Yes. I think they all said, said that. Think, I think they all said that. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. In in the early days. And you know, I would say that it would've been from the twenties into the mid 1930s, it was usually George's melodic ideas that started the ball rolling for a song. And it, it might just have been a fragment of a, a melody.


And Ira had a very good memory for melodies, even though he couldn't really play the piano, but he did remember them in, in a certain way that kept them in his mind and could bring them back and try to remind his brother of something that might have been brought up a few months earlier. And it, it was a very unique relationship. I mean, I know that every songwriter worked in a, in a, in a different way. Songwriting partnerships worked in different ways, but typically over the years, IRA would be at a little card table next to George at the piano and he would have his big sheets of paper with him and he would just gribble out ideas.


And if you looked at some of the archival material that I used in writing this book and, and went through IRA's papers as I did, you can see the, you know, the vast amount of changes and ideas that flowed through his head as his brother was elaborating on these melodies. But eventually over the years, it became more of a, a joint partnership that it wasn't always the music that came first, particularly as, as they got into the what the so-called political musicals of the thirties of the I Sing and, and things like that where the lyrics came more to the forefront of the show rather than the music.


Memorable music, though it is, but it, it is the lyrics, the satirical nature of those lyrics that brought Ira to a new level where people were starting to compare him to one of his idols, Gilbert WS Gilbert, to Gilbert Sullivan fame. So let's hear a song that the Gershwins wrote for a movie musical. And the musical is Shall We Dance? And the song is, they Can't Take that away from Me. Did they like writing for Fred Astaire? I love his singing as well as his dancing. They did love writing for Fred and, and there was something about Astaire's voice. It wasn't necessarily the most powerful or the most evocative, but he had the rhythm.


Exactly, yeah. And he had the, he had the feel for what George and Ira had in mind. And so even in the years after George's death, IRA wrote the songs for, for one of Fred's movie musicals, his reunion with, with Ginger Rogers in, in the 1940s, the park Lisa at Broadway and Fred Astaire did the movie version of Funny Phase in the 1950s with Audrey Hepburn, and he did his own songbook, Gershwin songbook collection, or not a Gershwin songbook collection, but one that had a number of Gershman songs on it. So yeah, it was, they, they, they loved writing for him.


And Fred was just, and, and Adele, his, his sister, who was actually more of a star in the early days than Fred was because they just had a certain rhythm. If you listen to the, the recordings that Fred Ade did with George Gershwin in London in the twenties, you don't hear that sort of rhythm anymore from singers at United. It was something special. Was it Highly syncopated, Very syncopated and I think that people talk about, you know, how the interpretation, and this is going on to a different subject a little bit, but the interpretation of George Gerner's music has become more flowing and romantic, lyrical in a way. Whereas if you listen to George Gershwin playing the piano on the old recordings, it's very staccato, very syncopated, and you can really get a sense of what the twenties might have been like from listening to those songs.


More so than if you listen to a more contemporary recording, even the ones that are excellent in their own way. So this is a song from the 1937 movie Musical, shall We Dance? And the song is, they Can't Take That Away From Me. Any insights into how this song was written? It was actually written very quickly. The, when the, when George and I were came to Hollywood the second time in, in 1936 to write for ArcHa pictures to, to write for Aire and Rogers, who were already a successful team. They came to, to Hollywood with a, a fair number of ideas already in mind. So the songs for that first of the three movies that they wound up doing in, in LA in, in the 36, 37 period, they all came together very quickly.


The songs are written to fit certain sequences in the film. This was one of them. And, and one of the best, this, the, the songs that came from this movie and the other two movies are in most people's opinion and mine too, the the top flight songs that George and I ever wrote. Okay, so this is Fred Astaire singing that Can't take that away from me. The way you wear your hat, the way you sip your teeth, the memory of all that. No, no, they can't take that away from me.


The way your smile just be, the way you sing off Key, the way you haunt my dreams. No, no, they can't take that away from me. We may never, never meet again on the Bumpy Road to Love still. I always, always, the way you hold your, the way we dance till three the way you changed my life.


No, no, they can't take that away from Me. There's Fred Astaire singing. They Can't Take that away from me. My guest is Michael Owen, author of the new book, IRA Gershwin A Life In Words. Let's take a short break here and then we'll talk some more. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air Never, never meet again on the Bumpy Road.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva maker of quality, handcrafted mattresses, founder and CEO Ron Russon shares one of their core values At Saatva, we believe sleep does unlock a superpower. When you wake up and you're totally refreshed, you go after things more. And it all starts with being on the right mattress. And that's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started. Visit SA tva.com/npr and save up to $600.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes Car Selling Easy. Enter your license plate or Vin answer some questions and Carvana will give you a real offer in seconds. Whether you're looking to sell your car right now or whenever feels right, go to carvana.com to sell your car the convenient way.


Hey fam, Scott Simon here. I'm in my fundraising era, had a little help from Gen Z on this script. NPR is always cooking no cap. So when I say giving Tuesday is coming, I think you understand the assignment. Please donate today, make your gift at donate NPR dot org. Thanks, bestie This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. Let's get back to my interview with Michael Owen, author of the new book, IRA Gershwin A Life In Words. He noticed a lot about Gershwin's life and music for about a decade. He ran the Ira Gershwin estate archive and then after that he became a consulting historian and archivist to the estate.


Is it fair to say that one of Ira Gershwin's favorite songs was Embraceable You of his own songs? I I think he was hard put to say what his favorite song was. He, he always said that it was like choosing your favorite Child. I think it, it was one of his father's favorite songs because his father seemed to think that the line come to Papa Do was about him. No, Really? Yes, it's a love song. The the way, the way that, the way that I, the way that I would describe it in his book, in his book lyrics on several occasions is that whenever that line would, would come up in the song, a Morris Gershwin, that that's his father would sort of beat his chest and, and you know, say, well, you know, it's, that's about me.


That's hilarious. I mean, So everyone has their Isn't like, don't be a naughty baby. Come to Papa do Come to Papa do My sweet Embraceable You who talks about their father that way. Well, you know, everyone has their own interpretation of lyrics. Yeah. You know, in a lot of ways it's a beautiful song in a lot of ways. The lyric is, is pretty simple. And, and you write that George was always saying to Iris, simplify. Simplify. Why would he say that? Well, I think it goes back to George maybe having a slightly better understanding of the, the popular audience that they weren't necessarily interested in, in tricky rhyme schemes and, And name checks of au Yeah.


Name checks of Russian composers. Yeah. And, and politicians and that. And, and largely because as, as, as I, as I, I think I said earlier, you know, a theater audience isn't certainly in, in, in the earlier days when, when amplification wasn't dearer, it was, it was hard for people sometimes to hear the actual lyrics being sung, particularly if the band was loud, the pit band. And, and in some cases it was quite loud. And so this idea that that keeping a song simple was better was not always, you know, a happy thing for, for Ira to do in, in at least a couple of instances.


You know, he would be almost forced in a way to, to submit lyrics that he wasn't quite happy with. But he knew that the time was up and, and you, he had to do it. That was particularly the case with something like Love Walked in, which he was, which was a big hit from the Goldwyn Follies in 1938. And, and the song long ago and Far Away that he wrote with Jerome Kern in the 1940s for the movie covergirl, he was never overly happy with those lyrics, perhaps thinking that they were slightly too simple, but they were conversely two of his most financially successful songs.


So perhaps and Very, very sy And very singable. Yes. You don't have to fall over a, a tricky beat somewhere. So why don't we hear Billy holiday's recording of Embraceable You Embrace Me, my sweet embrace of Embrace Me.


My, just to look at you. My heart grows tipsy in me. You alone ring out the gypsy in me.


That was Billie Holiday singing the George and I regression song, song Embraceable Youth, the Gershwins, along with Debose Haywood wrote like what I think it's considered the first great American opera and certainly first, you know, like jazz inflected, American opera, porgy and Bass. And it's always kinda confusing who wrote what lyric because Ira Ger is known as the lyricist for Porgy Best. But some of the lyrics are actually written by Debo Hayward and some of the lyrics are credited to both of them. Can you straighten that out a little bit? I can try to straighten it out.


It, it's, it, it'll still probably remain slightly confusing. So George Gershwin and Debo Hayward did not actually write together very often. Hayward was in, in, in the Carolinas and George was in New York. And there are certain songs that that we know that Ira wrote himself. Those were generally people who have generally said the, the songs that were written for sport and life, it ain't necessarily so, and there's a boat that's leaving for New York, whereas some of the more operatic songs, particularly in the first act, were largely the work of, of Dubose Hayward.


And some actually were joint numbers, whether it was because Hayward happened to be in New York at that time and the three of them could work together, or Ira had taken a phrase or two from the libretto or from the novel or the play and turned it into the lyric. And so therefore he felt that this was a song that could be jointly credited to them. And the, and the lyrics for the opera are credited to, in the original, in the original credit to Debo Hayward and Ira Gershwin jointly without any indication of who wrote what in that sense, Since it sounds like we're certain that Ira wrote, there's a boat that's leaving soon for New York, I thought we'd hear that and also hear it from the 1977 Houston Grand Opera recording of Porgy and Bass, because I, I think this song really exemplifies how the Gershwins combined opera and jazz and the, the arrangements are so good too, which I assume George Gershwin did.


Correct. George arranged the, and orchestrated the entire opera. Yeah. So let's hear this 1977 production. The singers Larry Marshall, before we hear it, just set up briefly the context of this song. This is a song from late in the opera where sport and life, Who's a pimp. The pimp, yes. The drug dealing pimp in Catfish Rail tries to bring Bess back to his side by persuading her that, that he can, he can bring her to New York, she can have a, a happy life as a, as a prostitute and, and Wear the finest fashions And wear the finest fashions and, and take some happy dust and, and, you know, move away from these country folk who you know, you you are more like me, Bess, you, you're, you're not one of these, you're not one of these people.


So that's basically the idea behind the song. Okay, let's hear it. There's a boat that's leaving soon. That's where we be Long Sister, you and me can live that high life in ya Can't go wrong.


I'll buy ya The Swell Man. And through Harlem we'll go strut. We'll go strut and there'll be nothing You, I'll dress you in silks and in the Style and your, That's a song from Porgy and Bess. And this was from a 1977 Houston Grand Opera production featuring Larry Larry Marshall singing.


And my guest is Michael Owen, author of the new book, IRA Gershwin A Life in Words. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air.


Hey there, it's Tamara Keith from the NPR Politics podcast and I will keep this quick giving. Tuesday is almost here, the perfect time to support the independent news source you rely on to stay informed. Please give today@donate.npr.org. And thank you.


If you're the kind of person whose idea of a good party conversation starts with, I heard it on NPR, it might be time to take your super fandom seriously. Deck yourself out in style. NPR swag from T-shirts to ball caps to the Almighty NPR tote are all at 25% off through December 1st at shop.npr.org.


Take a moment to unwind and give thanks. This week with NPRs all songs considered as listeners share their favorite songs of gratitude. This song speaks to me. And the basic thing is everybody turns, turns and lands in the place that they need to be. Download new episodes of all songs considered every Tuesday, wherever you get podcasts.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with Michael Owen, author of the new book, IRA Gershwin A Life In Words, IRA Gershwin's career stalled at some point. Why did it stall? Was it changing times? Was it George's death? What was the problem? More the former, I think than the latter. By 1954 when Ira wrote what turned out to be his last two significant works, the songs for Stars Born and for the drama, the Country Girl with Bing Crosby and Grace Kelly, which was also written with Harold Ar he wrote a few songs for that. At times he changed, musical theater had changed.


Ira had had a couple of unsuccessful shows in the forties with Kurt Vile and the composer Arthur Schwartz. So he was somewhat put off from writing for Broadway just because it seemed to him that it was too much effort, too much cost, and not enough that was coming back to him. And music was changing, obviously we, we had rock and roll in arriving in the 1950s and what was popular was changing. And although the Gershwin songs as, as you've mentioned, you know, were becoming part of the world of what we call standards now. And people like Frank Sinatra and Tony Bennett and Peggy Lee and Billy Holiday and were increasingly doing the songs on recordings and making for Ira quite a pleasant amount of money.


He just wasn't interested in what was going on in the world of movie musicals and theater at that point, enough to wanna work in them anymore. How did Ira Wan's life end? Well, IRA died in 1983. He had been house bound for a number of years, and his, his last real work was in, in the 19 early 1960s. And so he, you know, after, after the end of the 1960s, which was basically the last time he traveled, he increasingly stayed at his house.


He had had a, a stroke and various other physical ailments over the years, which had, were leaving him more incapacitated. And so he was hospitalized on a number of occasions for, for different things related to his heart. And, but I, you know, I will say that his final years actually were quite good ones because among other things was, was the arrival of a, of a young man by the name of Michael Feinstein, who I know you've had on your show, who was hired initially to, to sort of entertain Ira and, and wound up working on, on IRA's archive.


And, and, and I did some similar work to, to to what Ira did, to what Michael did in terms of the, the archive. But certainly not entertaining Ira, I wasn't around then, but, and there was a piano that was brought up into, to IRA's bedroom and, and Michael spent a lot of time at the house singing for Ira some of the more obscure corners of Iris catalog, which, you know, entertained, you know, a man who had become somewhat isolated. but it, you know, it it was a, it was a, it was a good life, it was a successful life and you know, it was certainly one that is well remembered by those of us who love great songs, great lyrics and the great American songbook.


So why don't we end with Love is Here to Stay, the Georgian Ira Gershwin collaboration, one of the really enduring songs sung by Rosemary Clooney, who was IRA's next door neighbor and a great interpreter of Gershwin's songs. Is this a song you particularly like? I do, it, it, I shouldn't really give it away, but it is kind of how the book ends. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. A thinning ending and it's the way Rosemary Clooney used to end a lot of her shows. Yes, I I saw Rosemary in, in one of her final performances in San Francisco. Not that I truly remember what she ended that concert with, but yes, she was always a, a great interpreter and she did a, a complete recording of IRA lyrics on one of her conquered records in her later years.


Michael Owen, thank you so much for talking with us. Thank you Terry. It's been a pleasure. Michael Owen is the author of the new book, IRA Gerwin, A Life in Words. It's very clear our Love is Here to Stay not for a whatever and a day the radio and the telephone and the movies that we know may just be passing fancies and in time may go.


But oh my dear, our love is here together. We are going a long, long way in time. The Rockies may crumble, Gibraltar may tumble there only made of play. Our Love is Here to Stay Coming up Jazz A sterian.


Kevin Whitehead has an appreciation of Roy Haynes who played with musicians ranging from Lester Young and Charlie Parker to Pat Metheny and Koria Haynes died earlier this month. This is Fresh Air.


It's almost Thanksgiving. And if you're hosting this year, how well do you know how to cook the main event? A Turkey In the grand scheme of things, not actually that hard, there's just a couple little things you have to keep in mind, requires a little bit of planning ahead On a new episode of Life Kit. We talk Turkey, listen wherever you get your podcasts.


Thanksgiving was a national holiday created in the middle of the Civil War to unify a country that was split in two. Learn about the origins of Thanksgiving and how the unity and division that we see at our Thanksgiving tables was there from the very beginning. Listen to the Through line podcast from NPR.


The marketing for the movie Wicked has been inescapable. There's all the green and pink merch and Ariana Grande and Cynthia Arrivo have been everywhere, but does the movie live up to the hype? We know you've been waiting for this one. We've seen Wicked and we have thoughts and we'll get to them all, including some weirdly heated opinions on Defy gravity. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR


This is Fresh Air. We're going to remember drummer Roy Haynes. He died November 12th at the age of 99. He was one of the most in demand drummers in jazz. Working with Lester Young Miles Davis, Charlie Parker, bud Powell, Stan Gatz, and Sarah Vaughan and many others before he turned 30 and later with Gary Burton Chicka and Pat Metheny Jazz Hyster. And Kevin Whitehead calls him a powerhouse who liked to prod his fellow players Drummer Roy Haynes.


What saxophonist Stan gets in 1961, Haynes was on one of his several hot streaks in the early sixties, enlivening a few classic records with drum intros that grabbed your attention and sparked the action. Here's Roy Haynes kicking off a tune by Oliver Nelson and one by pianist Andrew Hill. And one more Eric do's gw.


Behind the drums, Roy Haynes displayed power and intelligence. He was a quick and highly interactive listener who knew when to support a so Louis and when to provoke them. He grew up in Boston picking up the sticks around age seven and started playing professionally before he even had a full drum set. His parents were from Barbados and a variety of Anglo and Latino Caribbean rhythms would inform his phrasing. On a 1951 Charlie Parker record date with a Latin flavor, Hanes on drum set seamlessly blends with Afro-Cuban Conga, and Bungo players then swings and straight jazz time on his own, moving easily from one groove to the other.


You can often spy syncopated Afro-Cuban beats in Roy Haynes's music as on a 1959 version of caravan with pianist finest newborns. Trio Roy Haynes had moved to New York as World War II ended soaking up the music uptown and down. He landed a choice two year gig with saxophone as Lester Young in 1947. And by the early fifties, leaders were vying for his services.


Haynes left Miles Davis to join Charlie Parker. He did a season backing Ella Fitzgerald. Then five years with the even more acrobatic singer, Sarah Vaughn IDing, the members of her trio on stage. Vaughn took to giving him an introduction. Fans would echo ever after Roy Haynes.


He like smart clothes, fast cars, and staying in shape. Roy Haynes prided himself on his fluid beat. He wasn't one for practicing the rudimental exercises. Drum students learn early, like other heavy swingers at the drums. He give two beat patterns. A triplet E three beat feel for tumbling headlong momentum. Haynes could be crafty. Playing behind Felonious Monk live in 1958, sometimes matching the pianist and ence with a bit of his own.


In the early sixties, Roy Haynes subbed in John Coltrane's Quartet when Elvin Jones was unavailable. A few years later, he connected with a young pianist whose father he'd known in Boston, chick Korea, his trio album. Now he sings. Now he sobs with sla. Vetos on Bass was an instant classic that had spawn a few sequels. Check out Roy Haynes's creative work on symbols, high hat and snare drum on matrix. He's a sleek, modern designer and sound.


Roy Haynes at age 43 19 68 in the seventies, jazz got louder and he bashed a bit more joking later that his sticks resembled baseball bats. By the 1990s, Roy Haynes was a widely respected jazz elder known for his unfailing good taste. He was choosy about who he recorded with, not just anyone who had the money besides leading his own bands.


He'd reunite with former comrades like Chick Korea, Sonny Rollins and Pat Metheny, and connect with Youngbloods like Christian McBride, Joshua Redmond and Roy Hargrove. In the new century, Hanes assembled his so-called Fountain of Youth Band, which featured a series of up and coming players. That band's last release session comes from 2011 when Roy Haynes was 86, capping a 65 year recording career studded with more jazz classics than we have time to even hint at. He was a heavy hitter whose limber beat could lift a bandstand.


Kevin Whitehead is the author of Play The Way You Feel, the Essential Guide to Jazz Stories on Film, why Jazz and New Dutch Swing, which has just been reissued tomorrow on Fresh Air for Thanksgiving Day, we feature one of our favorite interviews of the year with the beloved cellist Yo-Yo Ma. He brought his cello to the interview and played music that's inspired him from his childhood to today. I hope you'll join us. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham, our engineers Adam Stanski. Our digital media producers are Molly c Nesper and Sabrina Seaward. Thea Childer directed today's show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross. All of us at Fresh Air wish you a happy Thanksgiving.


This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member FDIC.


This message comes from Grammarly. 88% of the work week is spent communicating. So it's important your team gets it right. Enter Grammarly. Grammarly's AI helps teams communicate clearly the first time it goes beyond basic grammar. To help teams instantly create and revise drafts in just one click. All without leaving the page there on. Join the 70,000 teams and 30 million people who use Grammarly to move work forward. Go to grammarly.com/enterprise to learn more Grammarly Enterprise Ready ai.


Some of our favorite planets aren't even real, but could they be here on shortwave? We journey to other planets, distant galaxies in our universe and in our favorite works of science fiction. Listen now to the Shortwave podcast from NPR.