
This message comes from NPR sponsor Capella University. Capella's programs teach skills relevant to your career so you can apply what you learn right away. See how Capella can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu,


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian Cooley. NBC's The West Wing premiered 25 years ago, the same year that HBO premiered The Sopranos that year marked the beginning of a shift in power and quality from broadcast to cable TV and The, West Wing was one of the last shows from broadcast television to win the Emmy for best drama series. The show, which was unveiled near the end of the presidency of Bill Clinton, was a behind the scenes look at a fictional White House. Aaron Sorkin, a young playwright who had written the stage and movie versions of a Few Good Men, created the show. The Stars of The West Wing included Martin Sheen as President Bartlett, John Spencer as the president's chief of staff.


And Allison Janney as his press secretary at the actual White House Recently. First Lady Jill Biden welcomed the cast and creators of The West Wing saluting them for doing a show about politics and the White House that was smart, funny, and above all, hopeful. Anytime we begin to slip into cynicism or apathy, we just have to remember Jed Bartlett's White House, a place where there are big blocks of cheese and everyone belongs where you do good. That's the story. The West Wing Showed the Nation.


Today we'll dip into our Fresh Air archives and hear from both John Spencer and Alison Janney. But we'll begin with an interview with Aaron Sorkin. Terry Gross spoke with Aaron Sorkin in 2012, and they talked about the show's distinctive look developed in part by the show's director Tommy Shlomi. A lot of the dialogue in The West Wing became known as the Walk and Talk, where two or more of the characters would be talking to each other, exchanging strategy or whatever as they walk through the hall. And you know, in reality, a lot of the dialogue would probably be, a lot of these conversations would probably be held behind closed doors as opposed to in the hallway.


So how did the walk and talk come into being? I'll tell you exactly how. First of all, I don't write a lot of action. My first movie was A Few Good Men, which was based on my first play. And there's a scene in the movie where Tom Cruise is in his car. He pulls his car over to the side to the curb 'cause he wants to hop out and buy copy of Sports Illustrator at a newsstand. He does. He hops out, he buys the copy of Sports Illustrator newsstand. He gets back in his car and he drives off. That is my action scene. That's as close as I've come to writing an action scene. And because there's very little of visual interest in what I write, visual interest has to be created.


And it was created by Thomas Shlomi, my partner on The West Wing, the principal director of The West Wing, the guy who came up with the look for The West Wing. And it happened right off the bat in the pilot episode. What I had written was a series of scenes in different rooms in the White House, all involving John Spencer, who played Leo McGarry, the chief of staff. And Tommy came to me about two days before shooting began and said, listen, I, I wanna walk you through something 'cause I'd like to try doing this in one, as it's called, in one continuous shot using a steady cam that Leo, John Spencer can go from this room into this room, do this thing here, stop at Josh's office, walk through that corridor, come down here, do this here.


And finally, we, we sneak a peek at the Oval Office and we walk through here and, and Tommy choreographed the whole thing. And that was the day the walk and Talk was born. And, and so it became like an institution of the show, if, if that's probably the wrong word, institution, but It no Hallmark of the show trademark signature of the show. How's that? It did. And it, and again, and it, and it was born because Tommy felt the need and he was a hundred percent right that the, the, you know, television film, it is a visual medium and it, you've gotta create some kind of visual interest and it's entertainment for your eyes. So there was a really funny parody of the Walk and talk on 30 Rock and you were in the scene.


Yeah, that's right. So I wanna play the scene. So lemme give this setup. Okay, so Liz, Liz Lemon played by Tina Fey has just found out the show that she writes for is going to be put on hiatus. So she's applying for a writing position on a TV singing competition called The Sing Off, hosted by Nick Lash. She Che, who became famous as a member of the Boy Band, 98 Degrees. So while she's in the waiting room, waiting for this job interview, she's shocked to see you, Aaron Sorkin waiting too. So here's the scene. Do I know you, You know my work. Walk with me. I'm Aaron Sorkin, The West, Wing Few Good Men. The Social Network Studio 60, shut Up. Do you know Nick Leche? I hear he doesn't even let you sit in a meeting. He just screams at you, see how you react, But you're not really applying for this job.


Right? Of course, I am. Gotta take work where you can find him. Especially now our craft is dying while people are playing Angry Birds and poking each other on Facebook. What is poking anyway? Why won't anybody do it to me? I'm cool. So it's really that bad out there. I mean, you're Aaron Sorkin, speaking of Angry Birds. Do you know how to beat 11 four? It's just a red guy and a green guy. He is. Do not use the green guy as a boomerang, do We just go in a circle? Listen Lady agenda. I write extremely well if the story calls for it. This is serious. We make horse buggies and the first model T just rolled into town. We're dinosaurs. We don't need two metaphors. That's bad riding. Not that it matters, Mr. Sorkin. Mr. Leche. We'll see you now, Mr. Che. Huge fan.


Huge fan. I have all your albums. That's so funny. Yes. Well, it was a lot of fun to do. It's a great group. Did did you write any of that yourself? Did you have any input? Absolutely not. That script was written by Robert Carlock, who's great. I also had a chance to, I've, I've played the jerk version of myself a couple of times. and I and I got to do it on Entourage too. So there's a line in there where she's giving all your credits and she says, studio 60, and you say, shut up. Yeah, that's actually the, the, the only tweak that I made, because I thought that Robert Carlock, who wrote the script, was trying to be a little too respectful of me.


So I just pitched the line to Tina, who then went over to Robert and everybody there laughed. So Tina came back and said, yeah, let's do that. Okay. And for people who don't get the joke, you had a show that Premier the same season that 30 Rock did called Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip and like 30 Rock It was a behind the scene show about a sketch comedy show, kind of like Saturday Night Live, but yours was a drama. And hers, you know, was a comedy and a lot of people thought that hers was not gonna make it and yours would, but it ended up being the other way around. So we've just heard you're very good at playing yourself.


You used to play other people as well. You started off as an actor before you became a, a writer. Is that what you really wanted to do when you were growing up, was to act? I I think saying that I started off as an actor might be misleading. I was, Should I say you started off trying to act? I I didn't even give it much of a try. I what? When I was very little, I, all I wanted to be was an actor and I acted in all the school plays and I was the head of the drama club and I acted in community theater. And then when I went to college, I, I auditioned for a conservatory program at Syracuse University and got a bachelor of fine Arts degree in, of all things musical theater.


But I, I realized pretty early on that when everyone around me was learning how to act, for some reason what I was learning was what a play was. and I, again, very early on, love writing dialogue. I just loved writing it. And, and so when I came to New York, it was to be a playwright. So you got your ba in musical theater, you loved Musical BAI Have a Bachelor. The Okay. Yes. I have absolutely no liberal arts background at all. And, and really no, no higher education to, to speak of at all.


Like I said, my, my four Years Of College was a conservatory training program in theater where we weren't allowed to take that many credits, that many academic credits Do people expect that you'll know the great books and actually you don't. Yeah, the I am often mistaken for somebody who knows something and I'm not, I I I create characters who know things and, and, and I. I I, I'm, I'm not just being self-deprecating. I, I, I think this is important. I, you know, the, the reaction to the newsroom has, has been polarized.


That there, there are a number of television critics who did not enjoy themselves watching the first four episodes. There are a number of television critics who loved the first four episodes. And I think that the, the critics in the audience who, who are, are reacting as hostly to the show as they are. Part of the reason is they think that I'm showing off an intellect and an addition that I don't have. And just to be very clear, I'm, I'm not pretending to have it. I, I know that I don't have it. I I phonetically create the sound of smart people talking to each other.


I I'm not one of them. I, the, the characters I create would have no use for me. So we've established that you love musicals and that, and just going back for a step and that you have a, a degree in music musical theater. Are you a good singer? I am awesome in the shower, but that's, I'm, I'm, I think I'm a good singer. I don't think anybody else would say that. I am. So I know for a while you did singing telegrams. Yep. What were the telegrams? They, they were, I worked for a company called the Woody Diddy Singing Telegram company. And they would call you in the afternoon and say, you know, okay, I got a job for you. It's an anniversary.


You're gonna go to this fancy restaurant, come here and get the lyrics. And it would just be set to the tune of, you know, of, of a famous song. And you'd have to walk into a fancy restaurant holding a big thing of balloons. And you're in a red and white striped jacket with a, a straw boater and a kazoo. And you know, you're thinking, here's here's my parents' tuition money hard at work. And e even the, the songs themselves, you know, they would change two words of, of the song. It would be like Rocky Mountain High Happy Birthday.


I, it, it, it was remarkably uncreative and I. I even remember thinking, you know, is it okay if I maybe rewrite a, a, some of the song, but I didn't wanna insult the person who Wrote, wrote the song. I think a lot of people first got to know you as cj, the press secretary on The West Wing. Let's hear a scene from that. And this is a scene. President Bartlett had m ms but he was not telling people about it. And, and this scene, Oliver Platt, who plays the White House Council, has learned that the president has MS and has been keeping it from the public. And he's trying to figure out who on the White House staff knew and has been helping in the coverup and who didn't.


So here he is questioning you about whether you participated in covering up that information. Okay? Have you ever lied About the President's health? Should I have my lawyer here? I'm your lawyer. You're the president's lawyer. I'm the White House counsel. cj, have you ever lied about the president's health? When did he tell you? I'm sorry. When did the president tell you? Six days ago. And Josh, Two days after that. Toby, two days Before he told me. cj have you ever lied about the president's health And Leo, he told more than a year ago. Yeah. And I've had this for six hours now, so maybe giving me some room wouldn't be totally outta line. You know what I'm saying? Oliver? Cj I'm gonna have to ask you some questions. Less you can be pissed at the world for no particular reason, the better. I think.


I don't know you, I'm sorry. I was told to report to you. I don't know. You, you've been here, what, three months? Three months? Yeah. So why should I trust you? Well, I don't Care if you trust me or Not. Imagine my shock. I've got better things to do with my imagination. I think this is going really well so far, Oliver, it's almost hard to believe that four different women have sued you for divorce. Well, you can do that if you want. cj I've been through it a couple times with Josh and Toby, but sooner or later you're gonna have to answer questions Either to you Or a grand jury compelled by a Justice Department subpoena. Well, I have to tell you, it'll be the first time I've been asked out in quite a while. So It's entirely possible that the president has committed multiple counts of a federal crime to which you were an accomplice.


That much has sunk in in the last six hours. Has it? Yes. So why don't you knock off the cutie pi crap and answer the damn question. What was the question? Have you ever lied about the President's health? What is your answer? Many, many times. Ooh, CJ's in trouble. It's my guest, Alice and Jenny with Oliver Plat in a scene from The West Wing. So I always wonder, when you do that kind of snappy retort type of Aaron Sorkin dialogue, does it improve your ability to have witty retorts in real life and to have razor sharp dialogue when you're speaking extemporaneously?


Oh, Terry. Terry would that that were true? No, unfortunately, that was the biggest disappointment that that just didn't just, you know, seep into my skin and my brain and I was able to just speak like Garrin Sorkin writes the minute I left that show. But no, I can't, I don't have that, I don't have that razor wit that CJ had politics scared the crap out of me because I did not grow up in a family where we talked about anything really. But, you know, pass the peas and do this. And you know, we didn't really have political discussions at the dinner table. I didn't learn how to, you know, watch or, you know, listen to politics.


And then to have to step into this world and, and, and really be an actress and really be playing someone that I had, I had no idea what I was talking about half the time. And I'd have to, you know, I'd study my lines and read and like going, what the hell am I talking about? What I learned a great deal doing that show, and I loved it, but I felt just to really fish outta water when we'd go to Washington and be, you know, go out to dinner, I'd meet the, you know, the former press secretaries and, and you know, to be sitting around with Deedee Meyers and Joe Lockhart and talking, I just would just get so nervous I wouldn't know what to ask them. So I felt a real and pretender to the throne.


So when, when you were young, when you were a teenager, I think you didn't wanna be an actor. You're thinking more about being a figure skater. Yes. But then you had a, a really bad accident and injured your leg. What, what happened? I was 17 and I was at a party that my friends of my parents were throwing. I was an outdoor party and there were these sliding doors. Some of them open, some of them closed right by the band. and I just, I hit one of the windows and it was, and sort of my, the lower part of my body, my right leg went through and then the glass kind of guillotined my right leg. and I was so embarrassed that I had hit the glass. I didn't know that it happened. I turned to the band who had stopped playing and I was like, play, just keep playing, keep playing, keep playing.


I was so embarrassed. And then I turned around and looked at everyone just like staring at me. and I was like Uhoh, it was like a Fellini movie with all these people's faces popping in over my head and, and looking at me with, you know, cigarettes. And my older brother came in to, you know, someone was trying to put a tourniquet around my leg and he shoved them aside and put my, held my leg up over my heart to keep the, you know, so I could keep my leg. and I mean. I may be going into too much detail. Where Was your leg almost? Was that at risk of amputation? Yeah, I mean, I lost, I lost, well first of all, I lost like three quarters of my blood. I lost an artery and cut tendon and it was, it was, I was in the hospital for, for like 7, 7, 8 weeks.


I missed my first year of college. I, you know, and, and after that, of course I didn't really, I didn't skate for, for a very long time. Changed a lot of things about my life and, and sort of made me a little more fearful, I think, unfortunately, just afraid of mortality and losing, you know, things happening, you know. How did that figure, if at all, into your decision to act? Well, it definitely took out the possibility of being a skater. and I wasn't that good anyway. I was graceful, but I'm too big. I couldn't, it was, I got such an athletic sport and I was very graceful and I could have been a nice dancer maybe, but that went away, you know?


And then I had to take a year off 'cause I had to recover and had all these skin grafts and things I had to go through. And then, then I went to Kenyon College, which is where I hooked up with them. You know, my freshman year, Paul Newman, who went to Kenyon, came to direct the brand new theater they had built there. And he came to Chris it by directing the first play. and I managed to get in that. And then that sort of started the acting ball rolling. How tall are you? I am, you know, I say five 12. Ha ha. I'm, I'm definitely, definitely six. I'm definitely six feet and, and my heels, I'm six. I'm 6 3 6, 6 3. Yeah. Now, now, how how did that affect you as a teenager and how did it affect you, you as a young actress when you were getting started?


Well, it was all, you know, I was always, I went to a school with like, you know, first through 12th grades under 300 kids. This school called Miami Valley School in Dayton, Ohio. and I, I was just, you know, so tall. It wasn't until I went to college, to Kenyon College that I, you know, started having my first date. So it was a sort of a late bloomer in, in a lot of things. and I always felt that way. and I feel like my career started late and, and I think it was because of my height and maybe some of my confidence issues. But I, I, you know, I was playing 40-year-old women when I was 20 when I was, you know, and I and I just, I didn't get considered for Anu roles or I, I just wasn't, I don't know, maybe I just wasn't ready or things started happening when I was, I think when I turned 38 I started to have a, a career.


So, you know, I think my height probably did have something to do with it, but it's also helped me in, in get in certain parts. I think I've, it's made me definitely more of a character actress in terms of my love of doing comedy or being, you know, I get cast as either the smartest woman in the room or the drunkest woman in the room. Those two, A lot of stuff in between, but I do do well in in getting those kind of parts authoritative or completely crazy, which I love, I love doing, I love both of those kinds of roles. Alison Janney speaking to Terry Gross in 2014. After a break, we'll hear from one of her West Wing co-stars.


John Spencer, who played her boss White House, chief of staff, Lima, Garry and Justin Chang. Reviews Megalopolis the new film from France Ford Coppola. I'm David Bian Cooley and This is Fresh Air. Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross host of the show. One Of the things I do is write the weekly newsletter, And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow, sell without needing to code or design. Just bring your best ideas and Shopify will help you open up shop. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com slash NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Synchrony Bank, empowering you to tackle your savings goals with flexible access to your money and no monthly fees or minimums. It's never been easier to take control of your financial future. Go to synchrony bank.com/npr. Member FDIC.


Okay, so tell me if this sounds like you, you love NPR R'S podcasts, you wish they weren't interrupted by sponsor breaks like this one. And you want to support NPR R'S mission of creating a more informed public. If this does sound like you, then it's time to sign up for perks across more than 20 podcasts with the NPR r plus bundle. Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org


When it comes to your health, shortwave is a science show you can count on. We bring you clear information, rooted in the best research to keep you and your loved ones safe. And well listen to the shortwave podcast from NPR.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian Cooley, professor of television studies at Rowan University. Today we're looking back at the TV series The West Wing, which is Celebrating its 25th anniversary. The show was a behind the scenes dramatization of a fictional White House, and it was honored with good reason for being a political drama that was intelligent, idealistic, and inspirational actor. John Spencer played Leo McGarry, the president's chief of staff previously. Spencer was a regular on the show LA Law and he started his career as a teenager on the Patty Duke show. Terry Gross spoke to him in 2000. The year after The West Wing had premiered.


Here's a clip from The West Wing. Martin Sheen plays the president. And in this scene, the US is planning its retaliation. After Syria shot down an American plane that was carrying US officials, including the president's personal physician whose wife had just had a baby. Plans are underway to blow up four Syrian military targets. The chief of staff thinks that's sufficient, but the president is arguing for more airstrikes. He had a 10 day old baby at home. I know we are doing nothing. We are not doing nothing. We destroy for high rated military targets. And this is good. Of course, it's not good. There is no good. It's what there is.


It's how you behave If you're the most powerful nation in the world, it's proportional, it's reasonable, it's responsible, it's merciful. It's not nothing for high rated military targets, Which they'll rebuild again in six months, then we'll Blow 'em up again in six months. We're getting really good at it. How would you describe your character and how he's changed? I, I think Leo is a, is a man who's very impassioned about what he does. I think he's a politician in the best sense of the word. A a caretaker, someone who is out for the ultimate good.


I think he's a workaholic. I think he's a man who invests all of his passion in this time at the workplace and has very le little left over for his family, which is why his marriage is in trouble. The evolution I think comes week to week. I think some of the rude awakenings of the amount of compromise that is necessary to run an administration. How you often have to give up A and B in order to achieve C and D. And I think that frustrates Leo. I think it's frustrates Leo often the idealism of, of the inception of their ideas of what they want to accomplish, this administration and the reality there of what they can accomplish.


I think that often disappoints him. Let me, let me ask you about something that happened in a recent episode. Your, your character is a former alcoholic. That's right. Who hasn't touched a, you know, hasn't touched a drink for, for several years. I how many? Right? Eight recently, the fact that he had been to a rehab center was made public by a kind of new aide in the White House. So someone who was very young and Was she an intern? She was an intern. Worked, yeah, she Was an intern. Okay. Well, so she secretly makes this file public, you know that Yeah. That you were in rehab. She Leaked it to a friend socially. Yeah. And it, and who was in the opposite political party and he took the football and ran with it. And it gets into the press. Really big story.


Absolutely. Very, very difficult for the White House to handle. Absolutely. One friend of yours suggests that you resign. He's no longer your friend. I think that's right. And then when, when, when the story is traced back to the intern, she's fired, she comes into your office. 'cause you've invited her in, you talk it through, and then you tell her to, to keep her job. and I was thinking, I wonder. Yeah, I, the chief of staff would really say to the intern who, who, who leaps something like this, go ahead, keep your job. I read a thing in the New Yorker magazine where they, they felt that was one of the few elements of Aaron's writing on this show.


That, that they didn't totally buy that, that we would hire this woman back. That would might not happen in real life. I, I had much less problem with it because I think it's a quick transition. I think it happens in the moment. And being in recovery myself for 10 years, I kind of have an intimacy with the rooms, with aa. And one of the precepts of the program is, is forgiveness. and I think the turning point for, for Leo, which I had to find as an actor, I think it just, you know, is a conversation he plans to fire.


He asked her why, why she's done this, and in, in questioning why she did this. When, when she comes out with the fact that her father was an alcoholic and his irrationality and strange behavior was so aberrant to her, so horrifying that this was the only other alcoholic she knew. And suddenly finding out that the chief of staff of the White House of the United States was also an alcoholic. Her only point of reference was her old man was her dad. and I can't imagine how horrific it must have been for her thinking someone with these mood swings, someone who might act like this is in such a, a, a seat of power where people's lives could be affected.


And as she expresses that, I think myself as Leo have to realize, well, the motivation is a positive one. The result might have been horrible for me and for my friend, the president and for our administration. But this woman, it was not kind of nasty, you know, water cooler gossip. It was someone who really feared that it would, could be very dangerous. And, and to have a man with this weakness or this problem in, in this important position. And when I see that and I kind of note that she has a love of the government and a and, and a and a love of its responsibility, feeling that she was well motivated.


I think I have to give her a second chance. And God knows my character's been given through his life a lot of second chances. So how can you get and not give, you know, Was the chief of staff character originally written as a recovering alcoholic? Or was that aspect of his character written in after you got the part because of your own experience? Yeah, good question. And often ask me, the truth of the matter is it was not originally written that way. I have since, because I've been asked this question so many times, gone to Aaron and said, listen, how much did I, how much did my life influence you there? Because we've talked very rarely about it. I mean, I remember one time going into the sound stage and I was yet struggling again with, with the cigarette, no cigarette thing.


And we were talking about addiction and I said, well, this is the last threshold for me and this is the hardest. And then I started talking about being in recovery. and I don't know if he knew about it before then or not, but it was a very light casual conversation. And since the episodes have aired that cover this, I, I've been asked that question a lot because I'm not anonymous and people know that I'm in recovery. So it seems like the, the obvious question. So I went to Aaron and I asked him if my life influenced his desire to, to, to put the character that way. And he said, absolutely not. He said, you know, it was part of his creative imagination, part of his own life experience, knowing people in recovery.


and I triggered it off by saying, I was in recovery, but he was not basing it on my life. What, what episode has gotten the biggest response and do you find that Democrats and Republicans respond to either different storylines or different aspects of the story? I think Democrats and Republicans, people's political point of view comes into how they respond to the episodes. When our first episode went on, a lot of pundits sort of said, ah, liberal, left wing, democrat writer, Aaron Sorkin, right? A liberal White House pro, left anti right. And then of course Aaron, in his great talent, surprised everyone turned around and made the liberal Democratic president wanna bomb the mid East after his friend went down in a, in a plane.


So we take everything on. He took on the, you know, the, the Hollywood liberal agenda also, you know, these moguls who, who throw these fundraisers with their, with their own agendas. So no one's safe with Aaron. He's, he's, he's taken on the right, the left and the middle. How did you get the part as the chief of staff on The, West Wing? It's, I had just done another, a short-lived series for our executive producer, John Wells, a thing called Trinity that was shooting in New York and was not well received commercially. We, we couldn't get an audience, so we went off after nine episodes.


So I, I really had a good time with that experience. My agent called me and said, I've just read a brilliant pilot. and I said, oh no, not another hour of drama. I just, just did that and I wasn't sure I wanted to get involved again so soon with that, because there's a great luxury to being able to do one or two films a year. You have time off in between. You can make your nut, you get to play more than one character. So I wasn't sure, I wanted to kind of, you know, sign on for the big Ride again. And he said, well read it and I read it and I'll tell you I got maybe a third into it. And I just thought, this is some of the most brilliant writing I've ever seen for television.


and I loved the role and that's when I decided I really want to go after this one. So I chased it down like a wild man. I really went after it. I worked it up, I read it with Aaron and apparently if, if I can take Aaron and Tommy's word for it after I read for them, they saw no more Leos and I was the first person cast. So that makes me feel very good. I didn't know that at the time. Now were the other people cast with you to see if the chemistry would work? I, we were sort of cast one at a time I guess as they found the people they thought best suited each of the roles. Aaron says that this is the first time in his career that he got his first choice for all the roles.


So that's very nice. And when was Martin Sheen cast as the president? Martin was cast, I believe he was one of the last people cast. And to start with, he was going to be recurring. He was only gonna do about five or six of the 22 episodes. And then after we did the pilot, they reconsidered and they thought, well we really just don't want to be talking about the president with the audience waiting to see him each week. So they asked him if he would, you know, sign on for the whole ride and he was only too happy to, and here we are, John Spencer speaking to Terry Gross in 2000 more after a break. This is Fresh


Air. Look, raising a teen is tough. You know, it's always been hard to be a teenager and it's always been hard to raise a teenager. I think a lot of parents feel like their kid has broken up with them. But this school year can be different with Life Kit's. Guide on supporting your teenager, listen to the Life Kit podcast from NPR


On Bullseye, an interview that will blow your mind. Eve takes us back to her battle raping days. I remember that when it started being filmed and it was like assault the camera. Assault the camera. Yeah, that's basically how I wrapped All that. And more on Bullseye for maximum fun.org and NPR.


Are you looking for something a little different in your 2024 election coverage here at the, it's been a minute podcast. We look at politics from a culture perspective. We look at why name calling seems to be in, how influencers are changing the game and how the candidate's fashion choices are redefining power dressing. We're giving you a different way to look at the 2024 election. Listen to, its been a minute from NPR.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to Terry's 2000. Interview with John Spencer, who played White House chief of staff Leo McGarry on the NBC series. The West Wing, the Peabody Award-winning drama, which was respectful to both politics and the intelligence of its own viewing audience is Celebrating. Its 25th anniversary this year In tv. You're best known for your roles on LA Law and The West Wing. But your first recurring TV role Oh, was on the Patty Duke show. It certainly was as Kathy's boyfriend. The, the, the British identical cousin, the British identical cousin. I think I, what was the role called? Henry Anderson I think was the guy's name you Don't even remember.


Well, I was 16, I'm 53 now, so it was a while ago. Yeah. Well, what a lucky stroke. It was one of the first jobs I ever did in, in, in show, in the show business. And it was a lucky break. I mean, they were basically casting what they, what they saw is what they got. I had, I had no training at the time and I guess there was something in my personality that they thought suited that character and they just, they just hired the man to play the character the way they wanted. And that's what they got. Why don't you refresh your memory and describe the character. I was kind of goofy. It was, you know, kind of a typical teenager in the sixties.


I don't, I watch some of the reruns every once in a while and I look particularly tall and skinny to myself with very big ears and kind of voice that cracked as it got up in the higher register. So it's, it's, it's almost at times if I see that, like I'm watching a different person, you know? Were you in it from the first episode or was the character written in later? It was recurring. I was only on the first two seasons. Did she get a new boyfriend? Kathy? Kathy kind of played the field as I remember. Ha ha ha. She Was such a swinger. No she wasn't. No she wasn't. The other one was. Yeah. Do you remember the theme song? Oh, of course. Yeah. I do Too. Why don't you sing it? I'm not gonna, I can't sing it.


I won't go near that. But it's amazing how many people do Now when you were in, you were in high school when you got the role. I was Did, I was, go ahead. Well, I Well could you walk down the halls of your high school without people singing the song to you? Well, at that point, I, when I was about 16, I, I left my New Jersey home and moved into New York City, much to my parents' chagrin and God bless them for, for ultimately letting me do this as, as petrified as it must have made them. Now, as a 53-year-old man, I look back and realize the horror I must have put them through.


And I was pretty rebellious and I was pretty sure of what I wanted to do. I knew by eight years old that I wanted to act. Why Don't ask me. It just seemed a certainty for me in my mind. So I went into New York and I didn't know the first thing about anything, let alone how to, how to break into this elusive business that I wanted to be a part of. So I got a job as a, as a, I wasn't a waiter, they couldn't hire me as a waiter 'cause I was too young and I didn't have working papers. So I was a bus boy. And, and then I found out when the summer was over that I had to go to school if, if I wanted to work.


'cause I had to get things called working papers. and I needed that up to the point that I was 18. So begrudgingly I sought out to go back to high school. I thought, you know, 16, you can leave high school, I'll just never see school again. I mean, that's how intelligent I was at that point. And so I enrolled in this high school called Professional Children's School. Not like the fame high school, the the high school portrayed in Fame, which was called the, the really called the, the School of the Performing Arts. We were not taught craft things. We were not taught singing, dancing, acting. It was just academics. but it was academics for children, teenagers, high school students who had working lives.


I was in school with Pink as Zuckerman, who at that time was a concert violinist has since become a, a very famous conductor, famous ice skaters, ballet dancers, all of the New York City ballet was in that school. Actors. We had some rock singers. It was a very eclective, eclectic mix of, of, of teenagers. So your circle at the high school included ballet dancers, a soon to be famous classical musician, Liza Minnelli, Jennifer O'Neill. Okay, So, so we we're in the ranking of everybody's aspirations was being on the Petty Duke show, was that seen as like having really made it and great work?


Or did people look down on that? Like where did that fit? No, we were, it's a very interesting thing. I think first and foremost, we were teenagers. We were very concerned with what girl was wearing, what and how she looked and who we wanted to date. And, you know, cutting school and all the things that teenagers did, except that we had this other life in the workplace. It was not, there was no condescension concerning that. It was, oh my God, you got a gig? How great. You know, these, these little teenagers with a sort of professional actor outlook of, oh my god, I got the job.


Well, I wanna thank you so much for talking with us. What a great interview. I can see why people like your show. John Spencer speaking with Terry Gross in 2000. He died in 2005. The West Wing, which premiered in 1999, was one of the last TV series from a broadcast TV network to win the Emmy for outstanding drama series. Coming up, Justin Chang reviews Megalopolis. It's the new movie from Francis Ford Coppola, who began working on it long before Aaron Sorkin began working on The West Wing This is Fresh


Air Need a binge Listen. Check out the latest series from NPRs embedded podcast. It's called Tested. Since long before the Paris Olympics, women in sports have been asked to prove their gender. There Was chitchat about is that Really a Woman Listen to tested a new series from embedded and CBC about the history and future of sex testing in sports. All episodes are out now


On how to do everything from the team at wait, wait, don't tell me. We try to find the answers to all your burning questions. I'd like to know, how do I get someone to tell me if I smell? That's the perfect question for us. So we went over to her house and we sniffed Her because we care. Listen to the How to Do Everything podcast from NPR. We'll sniff you too.


If you are hearing this, that means you haven't gone sponsor free with NPR. Plus, join us on the plus side for awesome podcast perks across more than 20 NPR podcasts, including bonus episodes behind the scenes content sponsor free listening and more. Learn more and sign up@plus.npr.org and never hear this promo again.


This is Fresh Air Megalopolis, the latest long gestating movie from writer director Francis Ford Coppola has taken roughly 40 years to reach the screen. The film, which Coppola has called a Roman epic set in modern America stars Adam Driver as a famous architect. The ensemble cast also features Shia LaBuff, John Carlo Esposito, Aubrey Plaza, and John vod. Megalopolis opens in theaters this week and our film critic Justin Chang, has this review. In the early 1980s, Francis Ford Coppola with classics like The Godfather and Apocalypse Now under his belt set his sights on his next magnum opus.


An ambitious fable like drama that would draw parallels between the US and Ancient Rome. But after the costly flop of his 1982 musical won from the Heart, Coppola wasn't able to get another big budget, labor of love off the ground and Megalopolis languished for decades. It was only a few years ago that he returned to the project, selling off part of his wine business and putting up $120 million of his own money. Even after production wrapped Setbacks continued from challenges finding theatrical distribution to reports that Coppola had behaved in appropriately with women on the set, which the director has denied.


Now against considerable odds, s Megalopolis has arrived. And whatever you have or haven't heard about it, I urge you to see it for yourself. You might conclude like some of the critics at this year's Can Film Festival that Megalopolis is an unholy mess full of disjointed plot points, didactic ideas and muddled historical illusions. An epic folly from a once great filmmaker who long ago lost his mojo and possibly his mind. To which I can only say that every folly should have as much guts and passion as Megalopolis. I've seen it twice now, and both times I've come away dazzled by its beauty, its conviction, and its moments of brilliance.


The story takes place in a city called New Rome, which looks a lot like New York, but with Roman flourishes from the classical architecture to the Bacchanalian parties and even a Colosseum style sports arena. The plot essentially updates a famous Roman power struggle from 63 bc. Adam driver plays Caesar Catalina, an architect and designer who longs to transform New Rome into a dazzling futuristic utopia. But Caesar is challenged by the cynical mayor Franklin Cicero. That's Giancarlo Esposito, who sees Caesar as a delusional dreamer.


Furthering the conflict is Cicero's daughter Julia, a hard partying medical school dropout, played by Natalie Emmanuel. One day, Julia visits Caesar at his office and asks to work with him. You wanna help me? Yeah. And while I, while I want to learn And you think one year of medical school entitles you to plow through the riches of my emersonian mind. Entitles me. Yes. Ah, entitles me. Yes, entitles me. Yes. You have no idea about me. You think I'm nothing, just a socialite.


No, not nothing. But I reserve my time for people who can think about science and literature and architecture and art. You find me cruel, selfish, and unfeeling. I am. I work without caring what happens to either of us. So go back to the club, bear it all, and stock the kind of people that you enjoy. There's a speechy, stiffness to coppola's dialogue that takes some getting used to, but the story itself is a fairly straightforward mix of romance, sci-fi noir and political thriller. Caesar does hire Julia as an assistant and they become lovers, but many complications ensue.


There's the mystery of Caesar's late wife who died years ago. Under strange circumstances. There's also much dysfunctional family drama involving Caesar's filthy rich banker uncle played by John Voight and a Duwell cousin that's shy lab buff. Both men have their own sinister designs on the city's future. And in the borderline cliche role of an unscrupulous TV reporter, Aubrey Plaza steals every scene as Aubrey Plaza usually does. There's more, much more horse-drawn chariots and nightclub unicorns, old Hollywood style film techniques and kaleidoscopic visual effects, wild sex and startling violence.


There are also references to Pygmalion, Marcus Aurelius, sic, poetry, and Hamlet, who's to be or not to be Soliloquy. Caesar at one point performs, he's in the throes of an existential crisis, fearful that humanity's time may be running out. And if Megalopolis has one subject, it's time. The characters talk about time constantly. The trippy production design is full of clocks and sundials. Caesar has the supernatural ability to briefly freeze time in its tracks, but even he cannot halt its forward March for long. Watching the movie, I couldn't stop thinking about Coppola, who's now 85 in his own battle with time, including the four decades he spent trying to get Megalopolis made.


But whatever resentment Coppola may feel toward an industry that has both honored and shunned him over the years, there isn't a trace of bitterness to the movie. Caesar believes in the future and so does Coppola. Just because Rome fell, he seems to say doesn't mean the world has to, wars can end, the planet, can be saved, and people can choose to live in a more inclusive and equitable society. Most of all, Coppola clearly believes in the future of movies and that in a medium overrun with franchises streaming junk and AI technology, there's still room for a big screen work of art as grandly, improbable, and deeply human as Megalopolis.


Like so many of Francis Ford Coppola's movies, it truly is one from the heart. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed Francis Ford Coppola's new film Megalopolis on Monday show. Barefoot Contessa host Ina Garden takes us to where it all started in a new memoir about her painful childhood in Connecticut and how she went from working in the White House to becoming a beloved culinary voice despite having no prior experience in the food industry. I hope you can join us. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller.


Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld and Charlie Kier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annmarie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Challenor, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman and Joel Wolfram. Our digital media producers are Molly Sevy Nesper and Sabrina Seaward. For Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley, I'm David Bian. Cool


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Betterment. The automated investing and savings app, CEO Sarah Levy shares how betterment utilizes tech tools powered by human advice. Betterment is here to help customers build wealth their way, and we provide powerful technology and complete human support where technology can deliver ease of use and affordability. And the people behind that technology can provide advice and guidance. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk, performance, not guaranteed.


Support. For this NPR podcast and the following message come from Amgen, a biotechnology pioneer leading the fight against the world's toughest diseases such as cancer, heart disease, asthma, and osteoporosis. In a new era of human health, Amgen continues to accelerate the pace of change operating sustainably and drawing upon deep knowledge of science to push beyond what's known today. With each decade, they reliably deliver powerful new therapies to patients. Learn more@amgen.com.