
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more at Capella dot edu.


This message comes from stamps.com. stamps.com simplifies your postage needs and adds valuable time back into your workday so you have more flexibility to focus on what only you can do. Go to stamps.com and Sign up with code NPR for a special offer.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terri Gross. The Broadway Comedy O Mary is nominated for five Tony Awards, including best play and best leading actor in a play. The Comedy follows a very fictionalized, intentionally improbable version of First Lady Mary Todd Lincoln in the time leading to her husband's assassination. Our guest today, Cola Koola, wrote the Play and Stars as Mary Koola uses they them pronouns. They spoke with Fresh Air and Marie Baldonado, The New York Times calls the play, oh, Mary Unhinged, so Campy and so unexpected. They've also called it one of the best comedies in years.


Those looking for a close to historically accurate version of Mary Todd Lincoln should definitely look elsewhere because this play is a re-imagining based on very few facts. Here, the First Lady is depressed, sad beside herself, and constantly drinking, not because of the Civil War or even the deaths of her children. She longs for her only true love cabaret. And her husband, the President, will try anything to stop her, Another ploy to keep me from drinking and tucked away in the drawing room. And no one can see me Contrary to what your paranoia tells you. I'm not some evil mastermind conspiring to keep you miserable When you keep me off the stage.


You make the whole world miserable. God, For God's sake. Mary, how would it look for the First Lady of the United States to be flitting about the stage right now in the ruins of war? How would it look Sensational? That's Tony nominee Cole Escola as Mary and Tony nominee Conrad Rick Amora as Abraham Lincoln Cole Escola first received rave reviews for O' Mary when it premiered off Broadway in 2024 before transferring to Broadway. In addition to all the Tony nominations, the play was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in drama.


Cole Escola first came up in the cabaret and alt comedy scenes of New York after moving to the city 20 years ago. They also gained a cult following through their online shorts. They have starred in shows including Search Party, difficult people, and at home with Amy Sedaris and have written for shows like Hacks, Zi Way and the other two. Cole Escola. Welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you for having me. I couldn't have put it better myself. That is exactly who I am. Okay, Great. Well, do you remember when you first learned about Mary Todd Lincoln and what you learned about her? Or at least like what your early memories of were of her or the president?


She's one of those people that, that everyone just has sort of background knowledge of, you know, like Mrs. Claus or like, you know, toasters have two slots. It's just things you accept and those kinds of things. And people are what interests me most because I guess comedy relies so much on expectation that if I know there's a shared expectation by the wide audience than it's easier to subvert it. Well, can you talk about how you first came up with the idea? I think it was in 2009. Yeah, I don't remember what sparked it.


I just remember walking around Lincoln's center and I had the thought, what if Abraham Lincoln's assassination wasn't such a bad thing for Mary Todd? And it was just an idea that tickled me so much. And I originally, in my mind, it was the seed of an idea for like Mary Mary's second chapter. Like, like a sort of Nancy Meyers style divorcee rom-com. Like what did Mary Todd Lincoln do after, you know, like she fully leaned into herself.


And then yes, slowly over 12 years, like kept having other little ideas that eventually added up to the play. Now in an article about the play, one writer says Koola malls American history. And you, you know, you do take dramatic license when people ask you if you did research, you joke that you've tried to unlearn what you already knew. But yeah. Can you talk about why you did not want to do research? Well, because it's a comedy and I, I, I had to make something with the same understanding that my audience has. Like everyone in New York City, I have seen the first 20 minutes of Ken Burns a Civil War documentary.


And I do remember learning bits of information about her coming to New York, you know, during wartime and spending outrageous amounts of money shopping for furniture and clothes and you know, people in the government and people in America sort of being angry at her for doing that at, you know, during wartime. Right. And I, I, I don't know, I just really related to her. Yeah. And she also remodeled Yes. The White House. Yes. With New China and New drapes. Yeah. I mean, she was stuck there. What was she supposed to do?


I, I sort of feel for her in a way that like the only option she was given is sit there and look sad. Sit there and be the nation's sadness. Yeah. Well, I mean, that's another thing that you kind of learn is that she was a grieving woman. Yes. I mean, even before her husband was assassinated, she had children Yes. Who died young. Yes. She was grieving, she suffered from mental illness. Like Yeah. Were those also parts of the inspiration for the play? You know, the, the grieving mother stuff? I'm, I mostly, I didn't wanna have to like cast children or figure out children so that I just sort of decided, oh, she hates her kids and that that solved that.


Yeah. They both do. They both do. Yeah. In the play they both hate their kids. Yes. And, and then, you know, funny enough, I read something not long ago about how the, the Lincolns were, you know, neglectful parents, like Abraham would just let them run rampant in his work study when he was a lawyer. This is literally based on like reading three sentences of an article. It's true then. And, and so it's true. And I'm saying it on NPR. Yes. Well, you've said that this play is very personal and I, I'll say it again, this play is very personal. Well, You, you've said Mary is me. Yeah. Yeah. How is this play about you?


This play is about a woman with a dream that no one around her understands a dream that the whole world is telling her is stupid and doesn't make any sense. And I feel that way. You've also said that the feeling that Mary has, that everyone is annoyed with her Yes. Is something that you relate to because Abraham thinks that Mary is too much and her dreams are too much. Yes. And you worried about that with the way people felt about you? Yeah. This play is about everyone. A person that everyone thinks is annoying, which is my worst fear.


So I'm sort of playing out, basically. Can the audience root for someone annoying? Can a character be so incredibly annoying? And and you still root for them, But is part of it that marriage, you know, she just wants to express herself. Yes. She wants to live her truth. Yeah. While, you know, when in her marriage, her role in society, her gender have sort of prevented her from doing any of that. Yeah. Yeah. And that also applies to the rest of the characters in this play. Every one of these characters is dealing with a deep secret desire that they think they shouldn't have.


You know, Abraham Lincoln's sexuality, every character in this play has a want that they think they shouldn't want. For people who haven't seen you as Mary, can you describe your wig and your dress? They're like so fun to put on and run and jump around in. I mean, the, the curls in the wig are high and tight and they bounce in the most obnoxious, petulant way. And the skirt is so big and, and cumbersome, and yet light enough that I can rip it around like I'm a Tasmanian devil in the tornado.


I wanna unpack what it is about cabaret that Mary loves and maybe that you love too. Yeah. Like what sets cabaret apart from other kinds of performing? There are some things that are maybe factual about cabaret, you know, it's intimate. There's interaction with the audience. It's, it's about personal storytelling. Yeah. It's about the story of the song rather than the singing mostly. And yeah. Well, like Mary, you are a well-known cabaret singer and you came up through this downtown New York scene with people like Bridget Everett and Murray Hill, who people might know from the HBO series. Somebody somewhere. Yeah. Among other things.


Can you describe what that scene was like? This is the mid to late two thousands, I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So there was this monthly cabaret show called our Hit Parade at Joe's Pub, and it was 10 different cabaret or musical or performance artists performing the top 10 billboard songs of the month. Hmm. Doing their own interpretations of those songs. And it was a monthly show, usually a, you know, like over half of the same people and then a few, you know, special guests. And we did that every month for like three years.


And I was a, a, a regular guest and it's truly like, I didn't go to school, but I feel like that's where I cut my teeth, so to speak, and learned like how to perform and how to write for an audience. Well, there's footage online of you performing at the last show in 2012, which was kind of a celebration of, you know, of the show coming to an end. Would you mind if we played a little bit of your performance? I, I, I'll let you do that. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks. When I was three, my dad chased my mom and me and my little brother out of our trailer because he thought the government was after him.


They weren't, but we ended up going to my grandmother's anyway, actually we made a pit stop at my mom's AA sponsor's house, but that's for a different show. And I remember when we got there, I was really scared and confused 'cause I wasn't sure, are we living here now? And I remember going to my mom and telling her that I was really scared and afraid and she gave me the best piece of advice that I've ever received. And she, she said, Cole, go away. And 15 years later I did.


I moved here to New York City. I followed, yes, that was seven years ago. And four years ago I came on this stage and did my first, our hip parade. And I sang this song, take a Deep Breath. As I walk through the doors, it's the morning of the very first day. Say hi to my friends who I ain't seen in a while. Try and stay out of everybody's way. It's my freshman year and I'm gonna be here for the next four years in this town, Hoping one of the senior boys will smile at me and say, you know, I haven't seen you around before, Because When you are 15 and somebody tells you he loves you, you are gonna believe them.


That's Cole Escola performing in 2012. I love that performance and the joy of you singing a Taylor Swift song. That's the Taylor Swift song 15 about being in high school. I, I mean, listening to that, I wanted to jump out of a window. I'm sorry, Your fault. That was 13 years ago. It's not your fault. It was, it was, it was a long time ago. Look, I would've done that a lot differently now, and I would've done it differently knowing that other people would listen to it later. Well, I will say that I would pay good money to hear you sing the Taylor Swift songbook talk bottom, all the, all the phases. I'll see you at Carnegie Hall in a couple years. Yes.


Cole, can you describe where you grew up in Oregon? Yeah. I grew up in a town called Klatt, Oregon. It's also the birthplace of Raymond Carver, by the way. So you will see a lot of similarities in our work, but it is a very rainy mill town. It's a, it's a gas station on your way from Portland to the coast, like 1500 people, lots of trees and nothing much else. And that story that you tell on stage during your cabaret act, is that true? Yes. You were young. Do you have memories of that?


I do have memories of that. And I remember being excited that we were going to my grandma's because I didn't like the trailer where we lived and I didn't like my father. And you ended up living with your grandmother? Yeah, and my grandmother and I shared a bedroom and she taught me how to read and yeah. Well, you said that you loved to hear your grandmother's stories. Yeah. Yeah. What were some of your favorite stories that she would tell you? She told this story a lot about her 10th birthday when she found out her dad had a stroke and died working in some sort of mine in Canada.


And then there was also a story about how she really couldn't see her eyesight was really bad, but her family couldn't afford glasses. But then one day a doctor came to town and gave her a fee free pair of glasses. These aren't great stories. It it, it was always the way that she told them and the details and the way she, you know, she disappeared into the story in the, in the telling of it. Like, and I, you know, we didn't have a lot of money. We didn't have a lot of money. And mom made $3 a month, $3 a month, six kids and $3 a month. And the, the, just the seriousness, I mean, I'm, I'm laughing 'cause I'm just now realizing it was a cabaret act.


I, I'd never put that together. That was my first exposure to cabaret was hearing my grandmother with Alzheimer's retell me stories about her childhood in Alberta, Canada. Well, I read that you used to stay at home on Mondays. Yes. Yeah. 'cause on Mondays your grandmother would have lunch with her friends. Yeah. And you really wanted to hang out with them. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I would go to lunch with them. I, I don't know why my mom, I'm sure she knew. I mean, it was, it was literally every Monday of second grade that I would say, I'm sick. I need to go to grandma's. And we would go to this burger joint or the diner with my, my grandma Irene and her Ruby, grace and Shirley.


In your comedy, you often do characters that are middle aged women like Mary. Yeah. And like these women that you're speaking of. Do you think your appreciation for women of that certain age sort of began with your grandmother and her friends? Oh, I, I mean, undoubtedly, I, I wanted, I mean, I wanted to be with them. I wanted to be them. I, I just, they were, and they, because they also loved me. They loved, I was so precocious and they were always just shower. I mean, after my grandmother, her, her Alzheimer's got really bad and she had to move into a nursing home. And the, you know, the sort of group of gals split up and all went their separate ways because of health issues.


I started going to church by myself. I was like 11 years old because I needed that validation from older women. I needed, I needed someone, you know, brewing coffee for the group to look at me and say, well, aren't you just so polite? That was, that was life to me. Did you actually become religious then? Or were you in it for the social a little No shade either way. No, no, no. A a little of both. I mean, I definitely remember in that period I was praying a lot to God to make me bisexual.


I knew my, my attraction to men was so strong. I knew. I was like, well, there's no way even God can take that away. I'm not asking you to take anything away, just give me please an attraction to women. I and I will, and I will only act on that I promise. Which, you know, in retrospect is of course sad, but also now that I'm safe, it's amusing. My guest is comic writer and actor Cole Escola. They're nominated for two Tony Awards, best play and best leading actor in a play for the Broadway show. O Mary More after a break.


I'm Annmarie Baldonado and This is Fresh Air


Support for NPR. And the following message, come from GoodRx, stop seasonal allergy symptoms with GoodRx. Pay as little as $15 for common allergy medications. Plus find savings on everyday prescriptions for you and your family Pets too. GoodRx compares prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly finds discounts of up to 80%. GoodRx is not insurance and may beat your copay. If you do have it. Stop allergy symptoms before they start. Go to goodrx.com/fresh.


This message comes from Saatva. Sleeping well can boost your mood and improve focus. A Saatva luxury mattress can help you experience that kind of sleep. Save $600 on $1,000 or more at sofa.com/npr.


This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more at Capella dot edu.


This message comes from Sony Pictures classics presenting Jane Austen wrecked my life starring Camille Rutherford, a new romantic comedy about a Parisian woman who dreams of becoming a successful writer and experiencing true love. While attending a Jane Austen Writer's Residency in England, Jane Austen wrecked my life now playing select cities. For more information and tickets, visit Jane Austen wrecked my life.com.


Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross, host of the show. One of the things I do is write the Weekly newsletter, And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week and exclusive. So subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning. When did you find performing? I think your first play was when you were 11. My, that was my first professional acting job, but when I was, I think five there, we didn't have performing arts in our town in, in Klatts and I, but there was this company called Missoula Children's Theater.


And every year they would, two adults from this theater company would come to town for one week. And in that one week they would do auditions on Monday. And the show was on Friday, and I just lived for that one week a year. But then, yeah, my first professional acting job was in a production of Grapes of Wrath. I played Winfield Jode and it was in a town 30 miles away from Klatts and I where I grew up. And during that time, my grandmother lived in a nursing home and it was close and it was much, much, much closer to the theater than where I lived.


So some nights after rehearsals, I would stay over at her nursing home. What was it like being a kid in the nursing home? Well, I wasn't sure that I was allowed to, to be there. Like I wa I I, I knew I could visit. I, I was pretty sure I wasn't allowed to spend the night, but I did anyway. And, and it felt, it was weird. I, I was, I was lying to so many adults just so that I could be in this play. I, I think I, I lied to my mom and I told her like, oh no, the play feeds us. And meanwhile, I wasn't eating because I knew if I said I need money for food, she would say, well, we can't do that.


I'm sorry. You can't do this play. And, you know, I lied to the adults in the play saying like, oh yeah, no, I can stay with my grandma in the nursing home so I can, I can be late at rehearsal and just 11 years old trying to keep everyone in the dark about my, the fact that I was a child. Well, you know, graves of wrath, a serious play. Very you've but you, like you're saying, but you ended up finding community there, like an extended family almost. Yeah, yeah. The, this, this woman that played Rose of Sharon, her name was Susan, she bought me food on our meal breaks every day.


And she never, like, it was never an issue. I never asked her. She just, she saw what was going on and yeah, so she would, she would buy me food and then other actors would give me rides to my grandma's nursing home and I was in heaven. Now you were in shows, like you said, you were in Fiddler on the Roof, little Shop of Horrors, li Arab. What kind of parts did you play? Well, because I was a, you know, for all intents and purposes at the time, a boy who could sing, I was always cast as, you know, like, like a, the romantic male lead, like Matt in the Fantastics or Marius and they Miss Seymour on Little Shop was a little fun because at least I got to dance a tango with Mr.


Mush, Nick for mush, Nick and Son. So I got to be, I got to be girl in that one number. But yeah, for the most part, I, I played these really boring parts that didn't speak to me or spark me at all. And, and sort of for that reason, I, I, I didn't pursue acting after high school. I didn't think that that's what I wanted to do. So when you sort of pictured yourself as a performer in the future, it wasn't as an actor in plays? No, I, I, I didn't even picture myself as a performer. I, I just, I, I didn't know what I wanted to do yet, but I was like, oh, okay, so if I wanna be an actor, I'm gonna have to go to school and learn how to move less gay and talk less gay and play these boring boy parts.


And I was like, I don't think, I don't think I wanna do that. Well, you've said that you always associated quote unquote theater with pretending to be straight. Yes. Is that, that's what you're talking about? Yeah. Even back then you felt that way? Yeah, especially back then. Now I, I, I don't at all. And you know, I would play the stage manager in our town like a bitter, bitchy, old jaded queen and not think n nothing of it. Well, I read that in fact. Oh, go ahead. Someone please produce that. I wanna, that would try be, I would love to try that out. Well, when you first were in New York, you weren't sure that you wanted to be performer.


What then inspired you to become one to start making viral videos? It was, which is what you did First. Well, it was a, a couple things there, there was, I was miserable. I was like, I was truly suicidal, I was bulimic, you know, and I was walking around near Bloomingdale's and I remember I was having these like thoughts about like not wanting to be alive and then I started having those thoughts in a character's voice, a voice, not unlike my grandma and her friends.


And I, I came up with this character, Joyce Connor, who was a really sort of cheery, innocuous, middle aged woman who was just kept having to put off her suicide because so many things kept popping up over the weekend. And that for some reason was like this huge release valve. Like, it both allowed me to feel what I was feeling, but also relieved me from feeling burdened by what I was feeling. My guest is Cole Escola again.


If you or someone you know is considering suicide, you can call or text the number nine eight, eight more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's joinm ID i.com.


This message comes from Bluehost. Bluehost can make building a great website easy and offers a 30 day money back guarantee. Customize and launch your site in minutes with ai, then optimize with built-in search engine tools. Get your great site@bluehost.com.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MIID i.com.


Well, you were part, or maybe still are part of what New York magazine called at the time, a wave of new queer comedy with comics like Bow and Yang and John Early and all the people you've been mentioning in the 2000 tens, I guess. Yeah. Were there places where queer comedians would perform outside of what could be considered quote unquote mainstream comedy clubs, whatever that means? I actually kind of predated it a little bit. You know, I was MCing folk shows as characters at dive bars. I, I just sort of went where I was invited or like where I felt like I could get in.


I never, I never sought out, knew ground to break. I, I was just like, I wanna do this thing that I wanna do. Where can I do it there? Okay. I'll make it good and hopefully if I make it good, people will come. I imagine that the shows that you, you were doing as being places where friends would gather and try to make each other laugh. Yeah. And maybe be silly and or absurd as much as possible. Yeah, yeah. And I, you know, I I didn't really, and still don't identify really as, as a comedian because it's hard for me to just like plug and play as they say.


Like, just like take what I do and stick it in a lineup. Like I would, I would perform with these, you know, other brilliant comedians like Bowen and John and Julio Torres and Joel and Booster and Matt Rogers. But you know, the list goes on and on. But I always felt a little like they were doing their old aunt a favor, letting her bring her wigs and do her little characters. And then, and it was hard to, like, it's hard to win an audience over by, you know, standup is you're talking to the audience and then I come on in a wig and put up a fourth wall and it's like, what?


Ew. Go away. Well is it out of this, you know, community that Oh, Mary became possible? Like did you workshop it and try it out in smaller venues or did O Mary kind of come out fully formed? It basically came out fully formed for three years. I did a solo sketch show every month at the Duplex and I did it at the Duplex because if you got over 60 or 65 people, they let you keep 100% of the door. 'cause they made money off the two drink minimum. I, I truly did it 'cause I was like, oh my God, I can perform and make like $900 a month.


And so I set this challenge up for myself that I would write a whole new hour every month. And I did that and it was so challenging and maybe the most like, fun rewarding thing that I ever did for myself. But, but in writing sketches I sort of learned how I think a scene should work. And then after doing those shows for three years, I thought, I wonder if I can build a show of scenes like this that makes sense altogether with an arc, but that also are, you know, like type funny scenes, basically a sitcom.


I wanted to see if I could write a sitcom And is a play a sitcom? Yeah. Sitcoms are a plays, I mean Oh, Other way. Yeah. Well, I mean, I think plays predates sitcoms. You'll have to fact check me on that. Get your research department on the phone, but yeah. Yeah. Was it surprising to you? Like, did you ever in your mind imagine that that, that it would become this phenomenon than it is? Never, never, ever, ever. I mean, who, who would ever think like, okay, Cole, a, a a, a play where you're in drag playing Mary Todd Lincoln as a wannabe cabaret star.


I think you should pursue this as a big Broadway hit like that. I mean, absolutely not. We were like over the moon that we got eight weeks at the Lucille Ltel Theater and I'm, I still think that's really cool. I can't believe that we, we did get that. But like, yeah, I, I still can't really wrap my head around it and I'm, I'm leaving the show. June 21st is my last performance and I'm, I'm slowly starting to wrap my head around the whole experience and I'm, I will say I've been crying a lot.


Well, you left the show earlier this year, took a few months off, but then you came back. I'm wondering if when you first left, did you know you were leaving the role for just a short period of time and coming back because it's rare for original cast members to return to a show after leaving? I, well, well, I wanted to come back because I was like, I wanna close the show. Mm. I thought this was when we were like, okay, we're closing at the end of June and you know, we, we intended to do this show eight Weeks off Broadway. And then once it was going well, we were like, oh my God, I hope we can extend three weeks.


And then we went to Broadway and then suddenly it's, I was doing the play for a full calendar year. I had projects like scripts that I had promised that I had been paid to write that I didn't write because I was like, well, I'll do it after the eight week O Mary run. And then, oh, okay, well I'll do it after the three week extension. And I was just like, I need, I need a break. I, I also had to move out of my apartment. I was like, I just need time to like get all of these things back in order and then I wanna come back to the show and say goodbye to the show and, and close it. When you first took your break, you handed it off first to actress Betty Gilpin and then to actor Tus Burgess.


Yes. What was it like handing off the role that you wrote for yourself? I was scared. I don't know. I was scared for, for all the reasons I like what if they're like, what if they don't quite get it? Or what if they like what I, I, I don't know. I I I was just, I was scared because I didn't know what to expect. And then the way that they both embraced this role, like, it's like it was their dream role Is so satisfying, and I've said this before, but like, as someone who is always begging their friends to like, please be in my movie.


Like, can we please like make this little movie? Can we please like, put a skit together for the talent show to now have like two of my favorite actors in the world, Betty Gilpin and Titus Burgess, who are both so deep and so funny, take on a role and, and like love it as if it was given to them by, you know, Mike Nichols or George Kor it. It's like, I can't think of a better feeling. What is making you so emotional about leaving the show?


I mean, it is something you've devoted so much time to For decades, I can't believe that my big break came from doing what I wanted to do. Like not compromising. I, I always assumed that if like, you know, I ever had any sort of quote unquote real career success, you know, I would be the gay best friend on a sitcom I'm embarrassed to talk about on a panel, but it's also the best thing that's ever happened to me in my whole life.


So I, I am excited to write what's next. Cole Escola, congratulations on the Tony nominations and thank you so much for joining us. Thank you so much for having me. Cola Cola spoke with Fresh airs. Anne Marie Maldonado Escola will play the role of Mary Todd Lincoln until June 21st. O Mary continues its Broadway run through September. Coming up our book critic Maria Corrigan reviews a new novel from Ocean Huang, which he calls truly great. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own, plus get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com To learn more.


This message comes from Charles Schwab with their original podcast. Choice Choice is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Download the latest episode and subscribe at Schwab dot com slash podcast.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having rinse. Do it for you With one touch in, in-app scheduling, pickup and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear, handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse combines human care with seamless technology to make laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at rinse.com and save $20 on your first order.


One of this year's most anticipated novels has just arrived. The Emperor of Gladness is Ocean Wong's second novel. It follows his celebrated 2019 debut on earth. Where briefly gorgeous. Our book critic Marine Corrigan says, Wong's admirers of which she's won will not be disappointed. Ocean Wong's, 2019 debut novel on Earth. Where briefly gorgeous was one of those novels that made me silently pledge. I'll follow you anywhere, whatever you write. And so I have into Wang's 2022 Poetry Collection. Time is a mother and now his second novel, The Emperor of Gladness, like its predecessor, explores what Wang has called.


In a recent interview, the loneliness of class movement, sprawling, where its predecessor was compact. The Emperor of Gladness opens on a view sweeping in time and space of East gladness Connecticut, a town that manufacturing left behind. Our tour guides are the spirits of the place who speak to us in a collective voice. Follow the train tracks the ghosts, advise till they fork off and sink into a path of trampled weeds leading to a junkyard packed with school buses in various stages of amnesia.


Fur with Ivy, their dented hoods pooled with crisp leaves. They are relics of our mis learning. If the novels opening calls to mind, Thornton Wilder glazed with Springsteen. What happens next? Reads like Wong's nad to Frank Capra and his classic 1946 film. It's a Wonderful Life. Our main character, a 19-year-old depressed Vietnamese American boy named High stands on the Town Bridge High, has lied to his immigrant mother. She knows he's dropped out of college, but in an effort to make her feel better, high claims, he's been accepted to med school, which she naively believes her joy fills him with self-loathing as high is about to jump into the river below, he stopped, not by Clarence the angel, but by an elderly woman whose house abuts the river.


Gina arrived in East Gladness as a Lithuanian refugee after World War ii. She's now a widow suffering from dementia and stranded in what was once a thriving blue collar neighborhood. Because she has an empty house and high can't return to his mother. The two settle in together with high becoming Gina's caregiver. This is one vision of a found family that Wong presents in The Emperor of Gladness and its miraculous. Lack of sentimentality surely owes something to the fact that he lived a similar story himself.


In fact, Wang dedicates this novel to his Gina Wong's Gifts of writerly restraint also keep things real here. About midway through the novel, Gina asks High, who's giving her a bath if he'll undress for once so she doesn't feel like I'm some patient high steps out of his boxers and Gino looks at him. The relationship silently equalized. But it's another type of found family that this novel even more deeply explores that is the often fleeting but intense one that sometimes emerges through work.


Hi finds a job at a local, fast casual restaurant called Home Market. Although he quickly catches on that at home market made by hand meant heating up the contents of a bag of mushy food cooked nearly a year ago in a laboratory outside Des Moines and vacuum sealed in industrial resin sacks. There are pages of rye and often compassionate catalogs here describing the routines of HAI and his fellow workers, as well as the drugs they take to get through the pain and exhaustion of those routines.


Every day, this crew spends more of their waking hours with each other than they do with anyone else. One result is that they can sniff each other's presence. Before Long, high began to know which employee was behind him by their scent alone. The Johnson and Johnson baby lotion, Wayne rubbed over grease burns on his arms, the traces of whiskey coming through the Wrigley's Maureen shoot, the bootleg Tom Ford. BJ War cut with the strawberry Starburst Russia was always sucking on. The Emperor of Gladness is a truly great novel about work, still an under acknowledged topic in American fiction.


Hard work is supposed to get you somewhere. That's part of the Promise of America, but the payoff feels much less certain to these characters. A winning lottery ticket and inheritance, maybe even a union would have to come along to propel these characters to a place of greater humane possibility. Wong's achingly austere artistic vision leaves it to his readers to imagine the better world he won't let himself to depict. On the pages of this wonderful novel, Maureen Carrigan is a professor of literature at Georgetown University. She reviewed The Emperor of Gladness by Ocean Wong.


Tomorrow on Fresh Air, I'll talk with CNN host Jake Tapper about his new book, original Sin President Biden's Decline, its Coverup and his Disastrous Choice to Run Again. Taper says the book goes to universal. Questions about group think, courage, cowardice, and patriotism. He adds this doesn't excuse or normalize President Trump's actions. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air.


Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our managing producer is Sam Rigger. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Ann Ri Maldonado, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cho, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly CV nesper. Our new consulting video producer is Hope Wilson. Welcome. Hope Roberta Schrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Mosley. I'm Teri Gross.


Support for NPR comes from the station and from Capital One with the Capital One Saver card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply details@capitalone.com


and from Indeed committed to giving job listings increased visibility with relevant candidates through its sponsor job feature. Learn more at indeed.com/npr.


This message comes from the Capital One Venture X card. If you love to travel, capital One has a rewards credit card that's perfect for you. With Venture X, earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy and turn all of your purchases into extraordinary travel and you get premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels when you book on Capital One Travel Plus, you'll get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Capital One, what's in your wallet term supply c capital one.com for details.


This message is from NPR sponsor Total Wine and More this summer season with so many bottles to choose from, it's easy to find your favorite and more. Find what you love and love what you find. Only at Total wine and more drink responsibly B 21.


This message comes from travel, Nevada, sand dunes, old saloons, high noes, pioneer trails and cowboy tails. Snooze emails. Get a little out there. Plan your trip@www.travel nevada.com.