
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member DC.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terri Gross. My guest is Comic actor and political satirist Ronnie Chang. He became a correspondent for the Satirical New Show, the Daily Show in 2015, after Trevor Noah asked him to audition. Now Chang is one of the rotating correspondents who anchor the show. He also co-stars in the new Hulu series, interior Chinatown. He had a memorable, funny scene in Crazy Rich Asians as a wealthy investment banker in Singapore. Ronnie Chang has a new Netflix comedy special called Love To Hate It, which starts streaming tomorrow. He brings an international perspective to his comedy. He was born in Malaysia where his grandparents immigrated from China from age three to seven.


He lived in Manchester, New Hampshire, where his parents attended college. Then the family returned to Malaysia, which is basically across the bridge from Singapore. So he spent a lot of time there. He attended college in Australia where he got his BA in finance and his law degree, while also doing standup comedy. Let's start with a clip from his new comedy special. This is from a section about how he and his wife aren't ready for children, but his wife had her eggs harvested for possible future use. He's imagining what his child, if he ever has one, might say to him, Daddy, daddy, when when I grow up, I wanna be a standup comedian.


Just like you Just feel the Chinese coming on. Right? Stand up comedy. Are you off your mind? That's not even a real job. Like what do you think is gonna happen? This is gonna run around America and tell jokes to strangers who don't give a fuck about your mental health. And even if you do somehow manage to overcome the odds and make it to even a semi-professional level as a standup comedian, do you think there's any chance in hell you be funnier than me?


That is a borderline arena act in some markets. Have you seen my IMDB page? I'm in everything across your career. Oh, Gary, your mother and I did spend a fortune to make a great blaster for them to become a b great comedian. I will never watch anything You do. Go to law school.


It is what my father said to me. Runny Chang, welcome to Fresh Air. It's a pleasure to have you on the show. Thank you. Thanks for having me on. And I'd like to note the contrast between the yelling of that clip and how calm the rest of the interview will be. What else did your father say to you when you found out you wanted to be a comedian? He said, no white person will ever buy a ticket to go watch you. Wow. Did you think that that might be true? No, I didn't think that was true, but I didn't tell him I was gonna go do it. I I went to go do it. And then he found out, like after I was, I, I've been doing standup comedy for about two years, and then he found out and then, you know, and, and he was trying to protect me.


You know, he was, he was worried. He was worried about what was gonna happen, you know, what my future was gonna be. And then later on he got behind it. He wasn't, Nevertheless, nevertheless, when you were on the Daily Show and you started on the Daily Show, you didn't tell your mother? No, I didn't tell them I got hired on the show. What were you afraid of? No, it wasn't so much afraid. It was that I didn't want to brag about small achievements. I just wanted to do the work. I didn't want to tell them that I joined this institution, which quite frankly, they didn't really know about anyway and make it sound as though I made it, quote unquote, you know what I mean? So I didn Had, it's a big achievement.


That's not a small achievement. Sure. But I don't know, I think the work comes first. You know, getting the job is one thing, but then can you do the job? And so it honestly, it just came out of kind of humility of like, oh yeah, I'm on the Daily Show, but it doesn't mean I've done anything yet. So why I tell them, you know? Like, it, my, my philosophy was like, like, just do the job and then maybe they'll hear good things about you, and then that will be the, you know what I mean? Like, I didn't need the flowers from them at, at that point You deprived them of bragging rights. Quite frankly, the, if you wanna talk about bragging rights for them, once I started doing decent work and people started liking what I was doing, then they would go up to them and be like, Hey, your son is on the Daily Show.


So, you know, I think, which I think is better than you coming out and trying to brag about something that, you know, I, at that point, I hadn't even been on screen yet. You know, I'm not sure how, how popular the Daily Show is in Singapore, Malaysia. So, right. So I rather just do the work and then, you know, hopefully people like it. A line that really stands out to me in the bit that we just heard is, you know, why, why would you do that? Why would you become Yeah. A comic? Why would you make jokes to people who don't care about your mental health? Yeah. Basically. Did your father say that? Or did you just come up with that as something You would've said? No, to be clear, to be clear that that's a bit Okay. My dad never grabbed, But, but why did that occur to you too, right?


That like, to people who don't care about your mental health, I thought that was very funny. I've never heard anybody put it that way. So the premise of the bit is that if I have a kid, what's gonna happen, you know, if they want to do standup comedy, and I realize like, I'm just like my parents, like even me who has done standup comedy professionally, if my kid wanted to do it, I'd be like my dad too. I'd be like, why are you doing this? This is crazy. Especially me knowing what, in what's involved in standup comedy, all the more that I'm like, are you sure you wanna do this? And one of the, one of the things I know about comedy that is I think quite a difficult thing to overcome is overcoming people's apathy and, and their lack of concern for your mental health.


Which by the way, I is, is the reason. It is part of the reason why I never told anyone I was doing comedy. Not my friends or my parents or my family, because I wanted to test it in that environment. I wanted to test my comedy in environment when nobody cared about you. Because I felt like if I could make these people who didn't care about me at all laugh, I could, maybe this could be a job for me. So you grew up mostly in Malaysia, which is one bridge away from Singapore. Yes. You compared it to me to how New York is to New Jersey? Yes. Yeah. Or, or how Philadelphia is to New Jersey on the opposite side. Sure. I'll let you guess which one's. New York, which one's New Jersey in this analogy. But yes, it's just a bridge across that, it's called the Causeway.


People cross the bridge from Jeru, Malaysia to Singapore every day, every morning people wake up in Malaysia, go to work in Singapore and come back braving the traffic and the fumes and the, you know, the immigration. So were you exposed to much standup in Malaysia or Singapore? No, was not. The standup I was exposed to was in New Hampshire when my parents would play Seinfeld, the sitcom. And so you would see Seinfeld do stand up in his interstitials, right in between the narrative. He'd do stand up. And I remember asking my mom like, Hey. And that was the first time I saw, I even knew that that could be a, a odd form just standing there and telling jokes with no other props and, you know, it's, it's just you and a microphone.


And I told my mom like, Hey, I want to try that someday. And my mom was like, oh, okay, cool. And I was like four years old. You've said you were introduced to Jewish people from Seinfeld Yes. Lines of Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld. So what did it make you think Jewish people were like? To be honest, when we watched it in, in, when we were watching Malaysia and Singapore, we think that they're white people, at least for me anyway. I didn't realize like they were like a special type of ethnicity. I thought they were just a type of white person. And so when you're watching it, you are like, like you get little samples of Jewishness in it, right? They'll drop a Yiddish wood, they'll have a Hanukkah, they'll have little things here and there where you slowly start to be like, oh, these, I think they're different to white American people.


And, and we didn't have any stereotypes, so I just thought they were New Yorkers, you know what I mean? I didn't think like, oh, this is Jewish behavior, or this is a Jewish joke, or I just thought, oh, these are New Yorkers. That's how New Yorkers talk. Until I came here, I realized like, oh, it's its own thing. Your new comedy special was filmed in Honolulu? Yes. Where? Doogie Ka Aloha. Yes. Thank you. Yeah, this is like a Doogie Hauser adjacent series. Yes. That, that It was a reboot. Yeah, yeah. Reboot that you were in. And you're very popular there. Well, I, or so you say. Okay. Yeah, sure. And and you say you have a lot of MAGA friends there. Yes. And on the Daily Show, you spent a lot of time satirizing Trump.


Yes. So how do you get around? That's a great question. Arguing about politics with your MAGA Friends? That's a great question. I think first of all, one, we might be in media silos. So the stuff I say on a Daily Show might not actually ever reach my mega friends because we're all so siloed in our media consumption. That's one. And then two, I think that decent people have a sense of humor about things, you know, so I wouldn't take the comment section as reality in terms of what, what the reaction is to a clip in the comment section from MAGA people about, about political, political clip.


I don't necessarily think they would do react that way in real life, face to face. And third of all, Hawaii is a very different vibe. You know, like Hawaii people know how to get along for the most part, I think in Hawaii, they know how to put community before themselves, which is very un-American by the way, that, that this idea that in Hawaii, you know, everyone's very generous and you get more than you give in Hawaii if you come with the right energy. And so I like, I like to think that in Hawaii, I always try to come with the right energy. I, I, I won't be so presumptuous to say that I always manage to nail it, but I think I, I come with the right energy and I think the locals and the Hawaiians that respond to that, so I, you know, they can be, you know, hardcore maga people, but they, you know what?


They're totally cool with me as far as I know You say you love America, this is the country that puts showbiz above everything. Oh, You're just quoting my special, huh? Yeah. Yeah. And then you get, you get paid for saying f the president. Yeah. And then money comes in and you say, if you did this in Malaysia jail. Yeah. But now Trump has an enemies list. He's threatening retribution. Yes. And he's trying to revoke TV network broadcast licenses. Yes. So how do you feel about insulting Trump? Now, Those are all very concerning, don't get me wrong. I think if he does any of that, it is upsetting and subverts the legal process in many ways, in some ways more blatant than others.


My answer to that is we had four years of him and a Daily Show was making fun of him every day during those four years. And essentially nothing happened. So just going off of history and past evidence, which is all I kind of have to go by right now, is that that kind of, you know, that for me, that's kind of a sign of how it's gonna be, you know, what, what his bluster versus his actual actions. I reserve the right to change my opinion. If if we all end up in jail, if you're in jail, if we all end up in jail, then I will, I, I'll probably be wrong, but, and maybe I'm just, this is just wishful thinking on my pot. But yeah, he said a lot concerning things about the law.


But I, I, I think ultimately, I believe in American institutions, I believe in checks and balances. You know, I believe that the entire founding of America was geared around having a weak federal executive who is unable to kind of use the, the government to go after citizens individually. I think that's the whole premise of America. And so because of that, I'm a bit more hopeful. Well, I hope, I hope you're right. Yeah. I hope I'm right too, by the way. I, what do I know? I'm just a comic, just, you know, just making dick jokes. But that, that's why I hope, and that's why I believe, and that's why I'm still here. Let's hear a clip from the Daily Show, and this is from the day after Kamala Harris conceded.


So it's two days after election day, and you say, Trump's promised a peaceful transfer of power, and then you say, let's hear it for the bare minimum of democracy, and here's the rest of the clip. So I guess American democracy still works as long as the guy who likes overthrowing the government wins the election because then he won't overthrow the government. So with the transfer happening, we're gonna be talking about Trump again every day for another four years, I guess. And I, for one, did not think that when I came out of the jungles of Malaysia to do comedy, that I would be making jokes about Donald Trump every day for 13 years straight.


13 years. I don't talk about anybody, as much as I don't talk about my mom as much as I talk about this guy, I don't talk about my wife as much as I talk about this guy. Yo, my wife thinks I'm having an emotional affair with him. I, I'm gonna be talking about this guy on my death bag. Okay. Which I assume will be in three years when he somehow brings back the bubonic play. And you might be sitting at home saying, well, Ronnie, why don't you just shut the, about Trump? Well, for the same reason CN doesn't shut the up about him Money lots and lots of money. So let's get these dollars right now and get back to Donald Trump. Okay. That's not really true about the money, I'm sure. Yeah.


Partially, Partially there's, so there's some truth to that. Yeah. Okay. So you got on the Daily Show after Trevor Noah became the anchor and you knew him from performing at the same comedy festival in Melbourne, Australia, where, which is where you went to college. How surprised were you to get the call? Extremely surprised because we weren't necessarily friends. He was obviously, you know, much more successful than me in the festival circuit. So we rarely crossed paths. And I ended up performing with him for the first time in Canada, just for laughs in Montreal. And that's when he was very friendly to me at the show. He was very complimentary. He said, it's great, yo, what you're doing is great. And I said, oh, thanks so much.


I didn't think too much about it. Right. And then maybe two years later I get this email to audition for the Daily Show and I was like, it was like a dream come true. I couldn't believe it, you know? And so I still remember doing the audition in my apartment in Melbourne and sending it in and then getting the call back to come to New York City and audition for the Daily Show in New York City, which was obviously, you know, a huge deal if you're coming from Australia. And so I know I did not expect to get it at all. It was very much him who put the spotlight on me as in the Daily Show, would never have found me, if not for Trevor insisting that get on. And again, I'm not his closest friend, you know, I don't even think I'm his funniest friend.


He just really was adamant that he wanted an Asian person on the show because he, he felt that Asian people are like half of the world's population, but there, there's no presence in on the Daily Show. And he, I guess at that time, he was thinking of a more international show, right? So he wanted someone who could talk to these issues. So I'm just lucky that I was the recipient of his search, you know? It could have been anybody. How familiar were you with the show? Very familiar. I've been following us politics since the West Wing came out, was watching it religiously and then started, you know, always reading about us presidential history.


I'm a US president nerd and the Daily Show, we were watching it. As soon as we were able to illegally download it in Australia, we would torrent like the Daily Show and the Colbert Report and watch it. So I huge fan. I was watching all the time. What I read about when Tr Trevor Noah resigned is that you had just done that and then without you knowing that Trevor Noah was resigning. Yes. He resigns on the air right after you're on, yeah. Were you on camera moment? Yes. You were on camera? Yes. There's a photo of me standing there not knowing what to do. I was in the studio right next to him, but obviously off his camera, but there was a camera on me 'cause I was doing a segment with him, as you said.


And then we finished the segment, and then usually he says, okay, everybody, Roy Chang, everybody, and then everyone applauds and I leave, leave the studio. But he didn't do that this time. He, yeah, he just, he explained why he was leaving the show on air and no sign of it. There was no sign. I didn't know he was doing that. Why did he do it that way? I dunno. He's a very smart guy and I trust his judgment on everything. And I'm sure he had his reasons, you know, and I can't speak to them, but I'm sure he had his reasons to do it. 'cause it seems like a pretty extreme thing to do. Maybe he didn't want anybody to leak it. Maybe he didn't want anyone to talk him out of it. I don't know. I don't know. Oh, that's a possibility too.


Yeah. But yeah, maybe you don't want anyone to leak it. That's also a possibility. Or, you know, What was the expression on your face, like as you heard him resigning? I was like, is this a bit? And then in my head I was also like, well, we're not live. You know what I mean? Like, he could say that and then we could just edit it if he changes his mind. So I was like, this sounds serious. I don't know what's going on. I'm a person who I think I'm, I do a decent job at mind, my own business. So I wasn't like, well, what's going on? I, I wasn't trying to like insert myself into this situation, you know what I mean? I was like, oh man, what's going on? I, you know, it sounds like he is going through some stuff, and so I hope he's okay. You know? That was my primary thought.


You might've also been thinking Uhoh, what happens to the Daily Show? What happens to my job? You know, honestly, I wasn't thinking that because I was here because of Trevor. If I lose the job because of Trevor, I was okay with that. You know what I mean? I, I wasn't supposed to have this job anyway, so, so I've always adopted this very nihilistic view about the job in doing it. Not nihilistic, like I care about the job a lot. I love, it's the best job in comedy, but I adopted this very, like, live in the present, I guess Buddhist, you know, don't worry about the future kind of mentality with the job. And the second thing is also I believe that America will always have a daily satirical news show.


You know, I, I think of all the countries in the world, if America can't do a daily satirical news show, like which country can we have the most freedom speech? We have the most resources for show business. We have infrastructure for comedic talent where people can write and get better as performers and writers, and can aspire to be hired on shows like this. And we have the craziest political news. Like if all those factors combine, if America cannot have a daily news satirical show, no one can. My guest is Ronnie Chang, a field correspondent on the Daily Show, and one of the anchors he co-stars on the new Hulu series interior Chinatown, his new comedy special, Love to Hate It, start Streaming on Netflix tomorrow December 17th.


We'll be back after a short break. I'm Terry Gross, and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana.


This is Eric Glass on this American Life. We like stories that surprise you. For instance, imagine finding a new hobby and realizing To do this hobby, right? According to the ways of the Masters, there's a pretty good chance that you're going to have to bend the law to get the materials that you need. If not, break it. Yeah. To break international laws, Your life stories. Really good ones. This American life.


Ho, ho, ho Santa here, coming to you from the North Pole. Well, the elves in our podcast division have just completed work on this season's best gift for public radio lovers NPR Plus, give the gift of sponsored free listening and even bonus episodes from your favorite NPR podcasts, all while supporting public media. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


I'm Lakshmi Singh. Public Radio reminds us of our shared humanity. Even at our darkest hours, like with a story of an artist couple who make beautiful spaces for communities to grieve, We found that people will usually stop by and just feel a little bit more open and willing to talk and share. Help us make room for light in the dark. Give before the end of the year@donate.npr.org.


Hi, it's Tanya Moseley. Before we get back to the show, the end of year is coming up and our Fresh Air team is looking back at all the fantastic interviews and reviews we've been able to bring you in 2024 because of your support. We had so many delightful, introspective, sometimes emotional, sometimes funny, always deeply human conversations with St. Vincent, Al Pacino, Bridgette Everett, Pharrell Williams, Jeremy Strong, ina Garten, and so many others. People you know well and hopefully new people you learned about for the first time on our show. We're able to do this because of your support to your local station or by joining NPR Plus. NPR Plus has grown a lot this year. And we wanna say thank you and extra special thank you to those supporters. You know who you are and we see you. If you don't know what we're talking about, NPR Plus is a great way to support independent public media. When you sign up for a simple reoccurring donation. You support our mission to create a more informed public and get special perks for more than 25 NPR podcasts, including sponsor free listening weekly bonus episodes from our Fresh Air archives and even exclusive and discounted items from the NPR shop and NPR Wine Club. When you donate today, you join a community of supporters United in our curiosity about the world and respect for hearing out different perspectives. Join us on the plus side today@plus.npr.org. Thanks.


After Trevor, Noah left, there was a roster of celebrity comics. Yes. Who anchored the show. And then there was a hiatus, I guess, over the summer, Which we have all the time by the way. So that's Not Yeah, no, exactly. And then the correspondence started rotating. Yep. Who anchored the show? And I wasn't sure, like, is this a temporary thing? Right. Have they decided against having one host or Yeah, one celebrity comic hosting. And it's turned out so far to be the real thing with the correspondence hosting, you know, anchoring. Are you at liberty to say why the decision was made to have alternating correspondence anchor as opposed to one person or one famous comic?


I can talk about it, but I, to be honest, I don't know the reasoning. Maybe it's just hard to find someone to do it. It's a tough job. I mean, I guess what I can say is, I think the way it is right now, it makes sense because John wants to be on John Stewart who's back on the show once a Week. Yes. The legendary John Stewart is on once a week. And the way we he described it was, we as a satirical news organization, we should be trying to cover the climate instead of just chasing the weather. Right.


That's how we get a elevated show is if we can describe the climate, the political climate of America versus just chasing these individual news stories. And so what, what the current arrangement does is that it allows John Stewart to come in and talk about the climate once a week and give, give us the big ideas in America. And it allows the rest of us correspondence to do a bit more weather chasing. Which as much as we're trying to avoid that, unfortunately it's necessary weather chasing sometimes. 'cause ultimately our job is to make fun of the news. And the news happens every single day. Not that we have to avoid discussing the climate, but we can also, it freezes up to kind of chase the weather a bit and nobody gets burnt out.


So as long as the quality doesn't drop, I mean, you know, this might be the way to do it. You've been in film, I'm sure you're now the CoStar of this series in interior Chinatown. And it's a cliche that the Asian guy is the best friend. Yes. But in a film where the main character is Asian. Yes. And much of the story is said in Chinatown. Yes. You're the best friend of the other Asian guy. Yes. Yes. But that's the beauty of the show is that we're actually making fun of these stereotypes. Yeah. Sorry. Of these tropes. It's kind of a theme of the series that, you know, the main character feels just kind of invisible. Yes. And he wants to Yes. He wants to be the star of his own life. So I, I wanna play a clip from Interior Chinatown and you and Jimmy o Yang, the main character in the series.


Yeah. You're both working at a restaurant in Chinatown and don't really like the job, you're just doing it. Maybe I should set up also that we are working in a restaurant in Chinatown, but we are also characters in a TV show who don't realize that we're in a TV show. So we are on the surface working at this restaurant, but we are working at a restaurant in the context of being on a law and order type show. So that's the meta aspect of it. It is very meta. Yes. Yes. So in, in this scene from the first episode, you're both in the alleyway where the dumpster is. Yeah.


And, and and and, and you're both talking. And the Jimmy o Yang character is talking about how he's like a minor character in, in his own life and invisible in the world. And he wants to be the main character. He wants to be the star of something. He wants to be, he wants to solve a murder mystery like they do on tv. So this is the conversation between you and Jimmy o Yang. He speaks first. I'm not saying I want someone to die. So what are you saying? Well, I'm saying if someone's already dead, I would like to be the person who find the body. That's Weird, man. Okay. You know how in cop shows there's usually a cold open, Cold open The first scene before the main titles.


Right. Okay. So for a couple of minutes you fall in this random character who you've never met, who's not one of leads. And part of you is thinking, why am I even watching this guy? Why are you watching this guy You're watching? Because either he's about to get killed or, Or You've seriously never seen a cop show. How is that even possible? Video games and weed. Okay. What was I saying? Somebody's about to find a dead body. Yes. That's the rule. The person in the first scene of a procedural is either a victim or a witness. Holy.


Somebody threw away an entire peaking duck with the sauce and everything. You're man, I'm the, you are the one who was hoping it was a dead person. Okay. That was my guest Ronnie Chang with Jimmy o Yang in a scene from interior Chinatown in the film. Crazy Rich Asians, you have a real standout scene. You're, you're kind of a minor character in it That's very complimentary of you. Yeah. But it's a great scene. Does it feel qualitatively different to be in a film with an Asian themed story and largely Asian cast? Yeah, that's a good question. Create Jewish Asians was my first movie, so I had nothing to compare it with. But I will say on set you could feel this really cool comradery and chemistry.


We all had this shorthand, we were all Asian actors in our thirties and we were all in this movie for the first time, this underdog movie, which when we were making, there was no indication it would have been as successful as it was. I think that's fair to say. As in it was still yet to be seen was not a sure thing. Lots of risks were taken by the directors and producers, which were all eternally grateful for that it paid off. But we were all in this thing in Malaysia and Singapore. And so we were just hanging out, you know, we would go for karaoke, we would go for Korean barbecue. We didn't need to explain why we were going for Korean barbecue. It wasn't ethnic eating, it was just food. And then when we get to Korean barbecue, we don't have to explain what was being served.


We all got it. So stuff like that, you know, there was like a shorthand and, and comradery, which exists till today. So correct me if I'm wrong, you're third generation Malaysian? Yeah. Chinese Malaysian. Chinese Malaysian. Yes. Yeah. So what I read is that your parents moved to the US when you were three. You stayed with family in Malaysia or Singapore, and then you moved a year later when you were four. So they came when I was one. Oh, Okay. So then I only came here when I was three and then I left when I was seven. Yeah. So basically they, they came to America and they left me in Malaysia for like a year and a half or something. And then when I was around three years old, then they brought me over.


So they were with my sister without me. So they were probably here for like two years, I guess, without me. Did you recognize your parents? You know, I think they tell me that when I saw 'em at the airport, I walked away 'cause I was so pissed. But, but I don't, I don't remember being, you know, holding it against them. Right. First of all, they were putting themselves through college, so, you know, imagine having to support two kids and themselves and college. So they were working on going to college at the same time. And then second of all, it was like, yeah, it was too young, you know, it was like a baby. Like, we don't like that just before the internet, who knows what's happening in Manchester, New Hampshire. They, they just didn't wanna risk it. So it was easier. Just take my sister. So what was it like when they decided to move back to Malaysia?


Oh, great question. So when they moved back, they didn't tell me we were moving back. They said, we're just going for a vacation. So I was like, oh, okay, so we'll go and see Malaysia and we'll come back. And then we went back to Malaysia and we never went back to America. And I was like, what happened? Like, why did you guys lie to me? And so I had a chip on my shoulder for like years of being in Singapore, Malaysia. And you know what, maybe, maybe they changed. Nah, I was gonna give them the benefit of the doubt. I was gonna say maybe they went there and changed their mind, but I'm pretty sure they went there knowing they were gonna go back. But no, in hindsight, they, I think they made the right decision for them.


I, because when they went back to Malaysia, the, they, they, they had more social capital because they had US education and they were culturally more suited to Malaysia and Singapore. So when they went back, I think they made the right choice for them, you know, what did they end up doing? Oh, they became like corporate executives. My mom became like a financial controller. My dad became like a general manager of factories in China and he would, you know, he would commute between China and Singapore and Malaysia. But my point is that I, I don't know if they would've been happy in, in America because in America we were in, I was very happy, but I was like a 4-year-old kid and they were working at a gas station.


So I don't begrudge them at all. I wish they had told the truth that we were moving back for good, but I think they made the right choice ultimately. So, yeah. And I was lucky I got to, I I, I appreciate being from Malaysia and seeing Singapore and seeing Australia and then coming to America and having a bit more perspective on things. You know, I truly think it feels like a superpower sometimes. My guest is comic and actor Ronnie Chang, his new comedy special. Love to Hate It, start streaming on Netflix tomorrow. We'll be back after a short break. This is Fresh Air


Breakup stories are going super viral online, Normalized posting why you broke up on the internet. I cannot believe I'm about to tell this breakup story and expose myself like this On. It's been a minute. We are asking the big questions about dating, like what's the line between a juicy story and an invasion of privacy to find out, listen now to the, it's Been a minute podcast from NPR.


Every weekday up first gives you the news you need to start your day on the Sunday story from up first. We slow down, we bring you the best reporting from NPR journalists around the world, all in one major story. 30 minutes or less. Join me every Sunday on the Up first podcast to sit down with the biggest stories from NPR pr.


What was it like for you getting started in comedy in the US being an immigrant and being of Chinese Malaysian descent? I mean, I, I didn't start comedy here. I started doing style comedy in, in Australia. So when I came here, I was already six years into comedy. If you're asking me what it's like to start again in America, it was like a dream because I always wanted to do comedy in New York City. It's the best city in the world to do comedy. You can do 5, 6, 8 shows a night here. The best comics are here, so you're competing against them. So if you have to follow them, you have to be good. But I mean, I've told this story many times, but one of the best advice I got was from Mr. John Oliver, who when I first joined a Daily Show, I met up with him because The Daily Show has a very strong alumni, truly the Harvard Business School of Comedy.


And I asked him for advice on how to be a correspondent in America, being a non-American correspondent on the Daily Show, which is something that he's uniquely placed to give me advice on. And he told me that it took him two years to relearn how to do comedy in America. And he was spot on. He was spot on. And he was, you know, he, he was saying like, well, I, I mean, this is my interpretation of what he was saying is that when you come to America as a foreign headliner comic, you can do comedy for five minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes. You can kill for, you could maybe even kill for 30 minutes.


But you are always doing comedy as like the outsider, you know, meaning like, you're coming in, you're making fun of America on a very surface level, and that works for about nine months, but after nine months or like 11 months, I think the audience and you yourself subconsciously can feel the, the, the inauthenticity of that in the sense of like, you've been here long enough, you should know that this isn't that weird. Why are you still making fun of five flavors of Coca-Cola? You know, like, you, you should know better now. You've been here long enough. And so the point was that it took two years to really kind of get a little bit more understanding of America where you could joke about it in a way that one Americans haven't heard before.


And two, in a way that they agree with you in the authenticity. So earlier you said that you didn't tell your parents when you were on the Daily Show and they didn't know what the Daily Show was 'cause they'd never seen it. It's not big in Malaysia. Did they start watching it after you felt like you were doing a decent job and they could watch it? Yes. Like literally the day after I spoke to him and I told him I, I was on The Daily Show. He, you know, he googled everything about it and he was like, Hey, you know, John Stewart is a big deal in America. I'm like, yeah dad, I know he was, that's what I was trying to tell you. And he was like, yeah, he makes a lot of money man.


This guy's making a lot, this guy's multimillion dollar contracts. I'm like, yeah, yeah, comedy's a big business in America. And then he, yeah, then he started following it more. But they've always been into American politics, you know, from afar. Apparently your father was very funny and pride in himself on that. Yes. What kind of sense of humor did he have? Did he tell jokes or stories? Yeah, He would, I only in hindsight now, you know, he, he passed away in 2018 and I talk about this in the, in the special, it's actually the last story I tell in the special, and only in hindsight do I realize like, oh yeah, he was, he would hold court at family gatherings and he would joke about politics and he would like roast the, you know, the, the, the decisions by leaders or people around him, family members.


He would make fun of family members. So he, it was a very, I would say a very modern style of comedy that he was doing. But obviously he didn't know he was doing comedy. He was just being the life of the party and he was, you know, usually the most educated guy in the room usually, you know, so he would be making fun of current affairs, current events, people, family members. He would, you know, he, he'd just roast them. Yeah. That's how he would do it. You seem to have such an interesting perspective on the world and on comedy 'cause you've lived and grown up in so many different countries.


Sure. And traveled the world doing comedy too. How helpful is that to you as a person and as a comic? I can't deny that having perspective helps a little bit. 'cause I have something to compare America to so I know what's a extreme idea or what's not, you know, compared to other countries, I also know what America does better than other countries. So I guess that lets me talk about it a little bit more in depth. I don't know, I think a lot of what I learned about comedy, I'm very lucky that I moved to New York City when I was 30 years old, nine years ago, because I think being here in this environment made me a better comic.


I don't think comedy is the greatest art form on the planet and whatever, but I think it's a good art form. And one of the good things about it is that we talk to live human beings every day. So you get a sense of where the cultural Z geist is, I think a lot better than anyone else, you know? So my, my not just being able to live in different countries. I've, I've, I went to law school, you know, I I I have a degree in finance as well, so I, I think I've gotten to see a lot of different worlds. I've seen the corporate world. I've seen the crazy comedian live performing world. I've seen the left wing world, you know, in Singapore I see the conservative world, the Chinese world, Australian.


So I've seen enough different kind kinds of subcultures to I guess be able to compare stuff. Ronnie Chang, thank you so much. Thank for coming on our show. You. It's been a pleasure. Thank you so much for having me. This is a real honor to be on this show and to speak to you. Thank you so much. Ronnie Chang's new Netflix comedy special. Love to Hate It. Start streaming tomorrow, December 17th. This is Fresh Air. How much can one person change in four years? The answer comes down to who he puts in charge. Trump's terms is a podcast where you can follow NPRs coverage of the people who will shape Donald Trump's first a hundred days in office and what their goals are. We will track his cabinet, picks his political team, his taught military leaders to understand who they are, what they believe, and how they'll govern.


Listen to Trump's terms from NPR For every headline, there's also another story about the people living those headlines on weekdays. Up first brings you the days biggest news. On Sundays, we bring you closer with a single story about the people, places, and moments reshaping our world. Your news made personal Every Sunday on the Up. First podcast from NPR Rock critic Ken Tucker has been listening back to the pop music made in 2024 and sees a pattern of women hitmakers who prize both aggression and vulnerability in various proportions.


In songs by Charlie X, CX, Sabrina, carpenter, chapel, Rone and others, Kenne has found the soundtrack to the past years, to tumultuous Times. The tree I've The year in pop music 2024 pivoted around a trio of women hit makers whose various successes hinged upon assertions of creative ambition and admissions of romantic weakness.


Foremost among them is the British songwriter Charlie XEX. Her album Brat sought to redefine brattiness less as irritating behavior than as an insistence that petulance can be justified, frustration and anger that you don't get to define her feelings. Charlie's collaborations with other women on the remix version of the album, including Billy Eilish and Ariana Grande, suggested a growing army of artists ready to take up her cause And I Your favorite reference. So inside Tectonic, yeah.


360. Keeping Things Light while also serving as an example of ferocious willfulness was Sabrina Carpenter, whose album title Short and Sweet, referred both to Carpenter herself and the concise clever hits she makes. Listening to her cooing vocals and seeing her wiggly videos, I had to reach way back to Mae West to come up with a comparable example of a woman who wraps her steely command in such a deceptively saucy tone. I have a fun idea, babe. Maybe just stay inside. I know you're craving some Fresh Air, but the ceiling fan is so nice, so nice, and we could live so happily if no one knows that you're with me.


I'm just kidding. Really, really, Please don't, please, please, please Don't bring Me Tears when I just did my makeup heart. You don't embarrass me. Little sucker. Please, please, please. That's please, please, please.


Carpenter's pleading, not pleading warning to a boyfriend that he's got to treat her right. The third member of my 2024 power grouping is Chapel Rone. Her mixture of singer songwriter details, dance pop grooves and lovely ballads, really caught on as the admiration of her peers increased. She was an opening act on Olivia Rodrigo's tour and is a guest on Sabrina Carpenter's Netflix Christmas special. No wonder she proclaimed I'm your favorite artist's favorite artist. One of her catchiest songs is The Emotionally Complex. Good Luck Babe, in which Ron encourages a straight woman who seems to have a crush on her to feel free, to express her desires more openly.


It's fun, it's cool. You can say we that you know the truth and I the but your arms are like an angel. I don't call it, but you don't wanna call it love. You only wanna be the one that I, If you're thinking I've forgotten a certain woman, one around whom so much of not just the music industry, but the culture industry revolves.


Well, I did enjoy a lot of Taylor Swift's album, the Tortured Poets Department, but I'd be lying if I didn't say I enjoyed a book about her even more. Rob Sheffield's Heartbreak is the national anthem, how Taylor Swift reinvented pop music. It's the year's best critical appraisal of pop stardom disguised as a fan's ecstatic notes. Finally, I wanna remind you of a woman who is not a hit maker whose 2024 work was among the years finest, arriving in an election year. Cari Blanton's glowingly political collection after the revolution, tried to imagine a better world after a period of upheaval and chaos where the other artists I played locate their feminism in Dance Pop Cy Blanton mixes folk and rock distinctively, and her version of sexual politics is broad enough to encompass a class critique as well.


While Blanton is singing from the sidelines of Superstardom, some stars might do well to listen to her for an example of how to make good music. That also refers to subjects other than self-care. Nothing wrong with expanding your already huge base by being even more ambitious in the new year. Ken Tucker is Fresh Air's rock critic. Tomorrow on Fresh Air. My guest will be Billy Eilish and Phineas O'Connell, the internationally famous brother and sister, songwriting and music making duo. We'll talk about what it was like to be homeschooled, become famous in their teens, and how their lives and music have changed as adults. They have a new album. I hope you'll join us.


Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Anne Marie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cho, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly Sivie Neper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross. You care about what's happening in the world. Let's state of the world from NPR keep you informed. Each day we transport you to a different point on the globe and introduce you to the people living world events. We don't just tell you world news, we take you there and you can make this journey while you're doing the dishes or driving your car.


State of the World Podcast from NPR Vital International Stories. Every day you care about what's happening in the world. Let state of the world from NPR keep you informed. Each day we transport you to a different point on the globe and introduce you to the people living world events. We don't just tell you world news, we take you there and you can make this journey while you're doing the dishes or driving your car. State of the World Podcast from NPR, vital International Stories every day.