
This message comes from Capella University. With Capella's FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Teri Gross. We're continuing our end of the year series featuring a few of the 2024 interviews we particularly enjoyed today. It's Comic Nikki Glaser. She's hosting the Golden Globes on Sunday, and her latest comedy special called Someday You'll Die, is nominated for a Globe. She's also currently nominated for a Grammy for Best comedy album and a Critics Choice TV award for Best Comedy Special. When I spoke with her in July, I had to figure out how I was going to talk with her because a lot of her comedy is about sex in pretty explicit language that we cannot use in a broadcast. One of her comedy specials is called Good Clean Filth.


She says that she talks about her privates so much, she thinks of them as her Publix, that part of her comedy is about the pleasures, insecurities, embarrassments, and absurdities involved with sex and someday you'll die. She also talks about why she doesn't wanna have children, her thoughts on monogamy, her experiences with depression and suicidal thinking, getting older. She's 40, and how comics are often afraid of getting canceled. I think she's really funny watching her work. I'm fascinated by how she often walks the line between incredibly perceptive and potentially tasteless or offensive. Sometimes as I laugh out loud, I start wondering, is it okay to laugh at this?


That's especially true when she's featured at a Celebrity Roast walking the line between hilarious and maybe a little too personal or a little too cruel. She made headlines in May at the Roast of Tom Brady. Other people, she's roasted include Rob Lowe, Alec Baldwin, and Bruce Willis. She's been a contestant on reality shows, including Dancing With the Stars and hosted reality shows, including F Boy Island and the Sequel Lovers and Liars LL Die is streaming on multiple platforms. Note to parents, this interview isn't explicit about sex, but we do have an adult conversation. Nikki Glaser, welcome to Fresh Air.


You know, one of the things I really like about your comedy is it gets me to ask myself, where is the line between hilarious and tasteless or hilarious and maybe a little cruel? Do you wonder where the line is between tasteless and cruel? Do you want me to be thinking about that when I listen to your comedy? You know, no, I, I think that what I intend is just to say what's honest and what is funny to me. And it's always interesting to hear how people perceive or take in my comedy because I never intend tasteless is is totally fine, but it is a word that like no one aspires to be.


But I can't refute it because it, it is, and I don't really know. My real only motivation for what I write and what I say on stage is to make people laugh, but also just be honest and kind of say the thing that I'm frustrated more. People aren't saying out loud that I'm observing. I think that's, that's more of where it all comes from. I really think you succeed in that. Thank you. And, and I like the fact that it challenges me to think about where is the line. So that's part of what I enjoy about your comedy. Thank you. So yeah, I don't love people getting offended. I think sometimes because of the nature of what I talk about, people think that I enjoy if people leave a show or are, are scoffing at things or groaning at things, and I think I, I, I, all I want is people to like me, really.


And it's a, it's a weird approach to, to achieve that. But, but it's, it's worked in many aspects, but it's been a roundabout kind of way of getting there. But it, it really is the underlining motivation is like, just like me, which I think is most comedians. How did sax and your own body become the focus of so much of your comedy? You know, sex was always the scariest thing to me. It was always the most interesting thing. I, you know, I didn't have sex till I was 21. I didn't kiss a boy till I was 18. I think I was scared of boys, I was scared of sex. I was, you know, and a constant battle with my body from the age of 17 on of just not liking what it was and, and being ashamed of it.


So I think I immediately, when I started doing standup, was attracted to those kind of unspeakable things that I was just wondering why more people don't talk about, especially when it comes to sex. I just, I think the fear that I had around it, that I was gonna be bad at it, that I was gonna get made fun of, that I was gonna do it wrong, it was all because I just didn't know what was going on in there and no one was talking about it. So as soon as I started kind of partaking in it, I kind of wanted to get the word out to girls like me that might be terrified and wondering what is going on in there, because, you know, the places where we find out it's either, you know, sex ed or porn and there's nothing in between. And neither of those are really realistic representations of sex.


And so I, I just, I felt like I was kind of filling this void that I, I felt growing up of, of information. Did you have friends who had sex before you did, who could fill you in? Or were you uncomfortable just talking about it? You know? Yeah, I didn't get my period until I was really late in high school. I was the last to do everything of my girlfriend, so I kind of had all the information when I was ready to finally do it. So when it came to sex and everything, yeah, I mean, I would go down to like, okay, so you get alone with a boy. Like how does he touch your leg? Does he touch your arm? And then how do you kiss? Does he move in for, I mean, I wanted to know every little moment so that I, I could avoid being made fun of by boys. And that's, let's get to it, is the other motivation for what I do is like, I just don't wanna be made fun of or mocked, especially by boys.


And I think that's, I'm kind of stuck in that middle school or maybe early high school self where I, I did get kind of made fun of not mercilessly or not, you know, all the time, but enough times that I was like, okay, my goal is to just always control this situation so they can't make fun of me. So You were afraid you would get made fun of because you were bad at sex. Did anybody actually make fun of you during or after a sexual encounter? No, I don't think so. Not that I can recall. I'm sure it's, it's happened behind my back and yeah, and I think as an adult, I've, I've heard, I've, I remember things I did, and I can only assume that the male comics I was hooking up with when these things happened, talked about it.


Oh, but wait a minute, Let I do, let's Stop this right there For a second. There's a lot of male comics who, like you talk about sex a lot. Yeah. That strikes me. If you're self-conscious and worried that people are gonna make fun of you, having relationships with comics seems to me like a very hazardous situation. Well, that's why I never got a relationship out of any of it. I was always just like, they were just, that's where alcohol came in. Like, so when seriously I discovered drinking, then all my fears went out the window and then, you know, which is the worst thing that could happen because when I was drunk, I would do way more embarrassing things and act a fool more so than if I had been sober. But I was just too scared to do anything sober.


So, you know, the only way I ever had sex was, or was intimate with a man was to drink to the, the point of blackout. And then by the time I was 27, I, I quit drinking. So I, I had about six years of, of fun that I don't really remember, but I just was observant of what men said about women around me. And I think that's where I got the idea that they talk about us, not so much it happened to me, but I had male friends and I had, I wasn't doing comedy before I was sexually active, so I was paying attention to how men talk to other men in a funny way about women. And I was like, I just don't want that to be me. Well, when you started in comedy, when you were doing open mics, was it mostly male comics talking about sex because there was a period of so much of that?


Yeah, it was, it was early two thousands and I came up in the Kansas City and St. Louis comedy scenes, which I feel are notoriously pretty dirty. Just, you know, both the clubs are dirty, but like also the comedy that comes out of it, it was just like, how can you get groans? How can we offend the crowd, how it was that was the goal was just to say the grossest, most offensive thing. So that was kinda my training ground and, and, and obviously yeah, it was just, it was more the way men talked off stage, I would say, than on stage that made me think, I just don't wanna be a part of this locker room talk where someone's mocking me and, you know, you can't really control it.


But I I, I've tried as much as I can. How did you wanna talk about sex on stage in a way that was different from the male comics that you heard coming up? You know, it wasn't like I, I was saying, oh, you know, male comics are, are getting it wrong and I need to take back the story and, and, and represent what we're going through. It was really just about how strange it was to me that we are doing this thing and I thought, I'm finally gonna get it to say how I felt my whole life, which is like when, which I would say to my friends in high school when they started making out with boys and kissing them, I'm like, how is it that I can't sip from your soda because you're a germophobe, but then you can make out with a guy who probably doesn't brush his teeth and have good oral hygiene.


Like, I just don't understand what, what's going on here? And then how do we all agree to you go on a date with a guy and you're on your best behavior and you're trying to look so prim and proper and make sure you don't have food in your teeth and your hair is perfect and your nose is powdered and then you within an hour you're naked and grunting with this person and slobbering all over each other. It just seemed insane to me. And I think doing standup was the first opportunity I got to like, position this question to people and, and have people go, oh yeah, that is kind of weird. Maybe you're not alone in thinking this is bizarre that we are expected to do this when we get older. I, I really didn't like that I was gonna have to grow up and have sex. I, it, it terrified me.


And then I think when I finally got a mic in front of my face, I just couldn't wait to talk about the things I was observing. That seemed just insane to me that we have to do or are even want to do. That's one of the things I find very interesting about you is on the one hand you seem to really enjoy sex and are very sex positive at the same time. You point out all of the absurdities and the embarrassments, the insecurities, the things you really don't like. And it's, it's an interesting combination that I think so many people experience. And you're saying it, That's always been the goal is just to mention the unmentionable. And as I've dealt with like addictions and just problems with my mental health, it's like that's always the answer to solving it is admitting that there's a problem.


So it's like I kind of stumbled into comedy as a way to cope with all these feelings and I, I've found standup as kind of a rebellion to all those kind of awkward silent moments or those looks of just, just confusion and almost disdain for the thing I just said. And now I'm like, oh, now I'm making money doing it. You've been in a relationship for about 10 years and it's been a little on again off again. I think it's very on again right now, but in periods when you are seeing other people, do men have weird expectations of you and what you'll be like in bed because of your comedy? Oh my God, I really don't even consider that.


I feel so disconnected from being like a sex comic. I feel like more that I'm just commenting on this thing that exists rather than talking about my own sex life. But I certainly do talk about my own sex life. I think, I think it, it was tough because I think I, when I did go out there and date in the last few years, men were just scared that I was gonna talk about them on stage. And they should have been because I didn't really have good boundaries until recently around that stuff. And I was doing to guys the same thing that I feared they would do to me, you know? And, and I was always anonymously, but there was a part of me that, you know, if a guy hurt me or that I, yeah, there was a part of me that wanted to hurt them back with my material and take control of the situation.


And I think that's why I like Taylor Swift so much. What does Taylor Swift have to do with it? Well, I think Taylor Swift is able to get revenge for being hurt in songs, you know, and, and be able to take control of the heartbreak that she's endured and take control of the narrative of what happened and, and kind of writes to the idea of a man hearing this on the radio, the guy that hurt her having to like deal with her the rest of his life. If you were using the stage for revenge, especially if it was revenge against male comics who you had dated, did that affect your image within comedy circles?


Yes, it was, it was not good. I was really angry at, there's, I did it a couple times where someone would hurt me and they, they just didn't like me. That was their crime. That's such a horrible thing. Like they're, now that I look back on it, like I spun it so much of like, of what, what a jerk they were, how cruel they were when they really just didn't maybe find the best way to let me off the hook or, you know, break up with me. But they weren't, they didn't, they weren't bad people, but I would spin it that way on stage and, you know, people kind of knew maybe who I was talking about, or at least maybe that person was sometimes in the room when I was doing a joke about dating them.


And, and I would, I would try to hurt them in in that joke. I don't do that anymore, but it, it was probably six years ago that I stopped 'cause I really did hurt someone that would then avoid me in the comedy scene. And I just, I felt horrible about it. I've since apologized and we're cool. But yeah, that was not a, a shining moment, but it was, it was the only thing I could do to, to feel better and to not feel like such a loser and, and to feel rejected and yeah. So I wanna play another clip and this is from an earlier special of yours and it's about maiden names and I just think it's really funny.


So let's hear this clip and then we will talk some more. I also don't like the fact that when you get married as a woman, you just kind of give up your last name. It's nice to take your husband's name, but then you're like, oh, this thing I've had my whole life. That's my whole identity that my great grandparents came through Ellis Island with. I'll just throw it in the trash. This guy seems cool. Bye. Like, that's what you really like. Your name is nothing after you get married. All it is is like your son's bank account security question, answer. That's all your name is what? Only time it comes up. Yeah. And he's gotta call you 'cause he doesn't even know it.


Like that's the one call you get from him a month. Mom, I'm locked out my account again. Hey, what's your old name? He calls it an old name and you're like, you mean my maiden name? He's like, whatever you Jones. He's like, can you spell it? And you're like, like Jesus Christ, why couldn't you stay a baby? That is weird that that's the question that they came up with. Like the banks were like, what worthless piece of information could we ask for that no one would ever know about this man to protect his finances. And some guy's like, what about his mother's name?


They're like, perfect. Who gives a shit? Right? His mother's name. That's the question that's always that question that seems like something people should know about you, but it's that question then your first concert, so it's your name and then your son's first concert, or just your name in Limp Bizkit or just fighting for the top spot. So rude I have to say. Okay. I never thought about that with the bank security question. There's so many security questions where it's mother's wedding name. It, it's really funny. I take it you would never change your name if you did get married. I mean, you, you can't in a way because your name, it's a famous name, you can't, I mean you could, yeah, but why would you wanna change your name?


'cause it's already a Marques name. Yeah. Like I might change it just for legally just, yeah, just for fun. If it sounded cool or looked cool or something. Or just to, you know, I don't really have this like, huge stance about this feminist stance about, I mean I think it's dumb that we do it, but I kind of like am like, oh it could be fun to change my name. But that special I think was from 2016, I think that was the first time I had ever felt really a frustration about my friends, like getting married. Like I was starting to see it happening and being like, why do we have to do this thing and why now we have to have kids. Like all these things were now being expected of me, much like how I felt about sex. Like I'm not ready to do this.


And like, why do we have to do it? And I think that was my first kind of frustration about marriage that I had expressed in standup. Well what Are your, your thoughts about marriage? Do you wanna get married at some point? I do now because I can get a divorce. I'm like, oh, well what have I been so scared of? Like, I think there's an out, you know, like that. That's why the kids for me is different. There's like no out to it, you know? I do understand why people get married now. I think I was really judgmental about it before and it just felt like this thing that just women needed to achieve to feel complete. But now that I've found someone that I'm like, oh, I get like wanting to partner up with someone and be like, this is my person.


And also with my parents getting older, like I always just felt like I don't need to make a new family. I got my family, I like mine, but now my family's, I see it that in the future they might not all be there. And I'm like, okay, oh, I gotta make my own. Like this is all just dawning on me now. And so for the first time ever I'm like, yeah, I could get married. But it is because there's, I could, I could always get out of it and my partner feels the same way. He is like, yeah, we could just divorce. Like, it's, it's cool. And I think I, I like kind of talking that logically about it. What about having children? You've talked as recently as your latest comedy special about not wanting to have children now that you're 40 and it would be more difficult. Yeah. Conceive. Do you have second thoughts about that?


No, I, I can't wait till it's, I mean, obviously I can wait with everything that comes with menopause, but I, I think the cool thing about menopause is that it's like no one's being like, are you gonna do it? You know, like it's not a conversation piece. It's not like you still could, I don't like this. The kind of in between area where it's still an option for me because I've analyzed it a lot. I have a lot of friends that have kids and I just don't think it's, for me, I, it just seems too hard. And that's really what it comes down to. I just don't think that I'll be that good at it. I think I would be good at it, but it would be at the sacrifice of other things that I really care about being good at. And I'm not even joking. I just like naps too much. And I just, I love, I love rest and I love being able to sleep when I wanna sleep and, and I like not feeling guilty that I'm not playing with something and not like, I feel guilty about being a a a not good enough aunt.


And I didn't even choose to be that. So I can't only imagine being a mother and, and the guilt I would feel constantly. I just don't want it. And I know I'm missing out, but that's okay. I'm all right with missing out on that thing. I think my and my life will feel pretty, I have a lot going on that gives me purpose. Yeah. We're listening to the interview I recorded with comic Nikki Glaser in July. She's hosting the Golden Globe Sunday night and is nominated for one for her latest comedy special. Someday You'll Die, which is streaming on multiple platforms. We'll hear more of the interview after a break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Apple Card. If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app, subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility Apple card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch member FDIC, terms and more@applecard.com.


This message comes from Intuit need a software solution to simplify the complexities of your growing business. Transform how you manage with Intuit Enterprise Suites powerful automation and core suite of tools for financial management, payment processing, payroll, HR, bill, pay, marketing, and third party integrations. It's how a growing business keeps growing. Visit intuit.com/enterprise to learn more money movement services by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed by NY dfs.


This message comes from Sony Pictures classics presenting the room next door, the first English language feature film by Pedro Almodovar starring Julianne Moore and Tilda Swinton. After years of being out of touch, two friends meet again in an extreme but strangely sweet situation. Winner of the Golden Lion for best film at the Venice Film Festival. The room next door is now playing in select cities, coming soon to theaters nationwide.


This is Fresh Air. I'm teary gross. Let's get back to the interview I recorded in July with Comic Nikki Glaser. We are featuring it as part of our end of the year series, collecting a few of our favorite interviews from 2024. She's hosting the Golden Globe Sunday and is nominated for one for her HBO Max Comedy Special. Someday You'll Die, which is now streaming on multiple platforms. A lot of her comedy is about the insecurities and absurdities surrounding sex and someday you'll die. She also talks about why she doesn't want to have children. Her thoughts on monogamy, her experiences with depression and suicidal thinking, getting older. She's 40 and how comics are often afraid of getting canceled.


Note to parents. A lot of glazer's comedy is about sex. We don't get sexually explicit in our conversation, but it is an adult conversation. So a lot of comics complain about how you can't say anything anymore without risking being canceled, especially if you're performing on a college campus and you kind of address that in your latest comedy special. And I mean, like you, you talk about how like you cannot make jokes about rape, but if you were raped then people will be relieved. Like, oh, I don't have to be upset that she's making a rape joke 'cause she was raped. So she's allowed to talk about it. Yeah. And I wanna play an excerpt of that part of your performance.


So here we go. I have jokes though that I wanna do that I can't because I don't have any family members with autism. That's the jokes I have. I can't, I have autism jokes because I've dated guys with it and they were diagnosed by me and TikTok, so I know that they have it. It's confirmed, but I can't do the jokes 'cause I don't have any family members with autism. I mean, I will say my nephew is two and a half and he isn't talking yet, so fingers crossed. But like I, We didn't get a diagnosis in time for this special. Sos A bummer. I'll get canceled at some point. The cancel train is coming for old glazed talk for sure.


And my nephew is gonna love that train 'cause But I got one in, I got One in. So Nikki, when, when you did that whole bit about saying what you can't say unless you have that condition yourself or are close to somebody who does, were you afraid of risking insulting people with autism or women who were raped or any of the other things you talk about including suicidal thinking? The first two yes. Not for suicidal thinking, because that is something that I do struggle with.


And so I felt like, okay, I really, I've, I have a right to talk about this thing, the other two. Yeah, because I don't have, IIII don't, I I don't, I don't not autistic and I have not been the victim of sexual violence. And so I, I felt I, I do feel bad, you know, there's, there's certainly people who are even triggered by the word that are probably hearing it now and are reliving some awful thing that happened to them. And I for that, I'm sorry that they feel that way. So I, I don't, I don't en enjoy, I I feel like I have a right to talk about rape because I definitely am fearful of it and it is something that could happen to me, you know?


And, but I do feel that it is so just, if someone is like, I was offended by what you said, I'm just like, oh yeah, you, yeah, I get that. I'm sorry. And I'll, you know, I've offered to refund people's money if, if you have like a panic attack at my show, because I talk about a subject that is really close and personal to you and, and, and traumatized you, I I'll give you your money back or, or at least the part of the ticket that I made out of the, the, the money, because I don't want anyone to have a bad experience. But I definitely don't think that that's reason enough not to talk about these things because I really, although that train joke was kind of like a dumb autism, like stereotypical joke, I, I do think that my jokes aren't meant to be cruel or make fun of, of anyone who's a victim or, or has a, a condition or, or, you know, I, I don't think autism's a condition, I don't think we call it that, but I should educate myself on what to say for that.


But yeah, I, I don't want to, I don't wanna offend anyone, but I do wanna talk about these things because I have dated guys with autism, I think, and I have some things to say about it, and it just bums me out that I can't, because I don't, I don't get this leniency that other comedians might get because they have a family member. And I do think that they have a right to talk about it too, because they have a family member, they have a different perspective. But I think I have a right to talk about it, even if I know nothing about it. Like, I just don't, I don't understand this rule of like, you only get to talk about things that you've lived because also I am just a comedian. I might not have the right take. I, I'm not right about everything. And I'm not enacting change politically with my standup.


It's just an entertainment thing. So it's, it's for me to be taken so seriously that you said this thing and it's offensive, it's like, well, I'm a clown. There's nothing that is, there's no requirements or courses I had to take. I have no certification for what I'm doing, so you shouldn't expect me to get everything right. And I am completely open to people saying, Hey, you have the wrong take on this and here's why. And, and for me to adjust my joke to that, I, I have no problem with that. Can you give Us an example of an adjustment that you made? No. You know, I can't think of one, because people don't really get as offended when and when they do get offended. There's nothing that I can adjust to even make them feel better because they're usually offended about just the word and they're usually offended on behalf of someone else and a group of people that have nothing to do with what I'm talking about.


Or they're usually offended on a group behalf of a group of people that they're not even in and that they feel like they have to stand up for. And so I just work hard to get it right and it's such an achievement for me to talk about something like, you know, suicide and have it be one of my favorite parts of my set that doesn't seem to upset anyone or alienate the crowd. I mean that a chunk I have about suicide in my latest special that wasn't doing well on stage for a while. Like, it wasn't like offending people and people weren't like leaving, but it wasn't like, it wasn't doing what it finally ended up doing when I really just made it personalized and found a way to talk about it that made everyone go, well, I guess we can't be mad she's talking about this because it is something she's thought about.


And it's maybe something that we've thought about too, that we're kind of ashamed. We've thought about. When you are in a period of deep depression, are you capable of performing? And also as somebody who I'm sure has listened to a lot of comedy over the years, does comedy ever help pull you out of despair? It's hard to perform when I'm really, really depressed. But I will say that it's, it's hard to get to the, the, the theater and to be backstage and to think I'm about to go do this thing. I have to turn this on. But I will say the second I step out there, the adrenaline kicks in and it will offer me relief. And then I get in and then I'm able to be honest about it.


Like I can kind of, that's a nice thing about doing standup is I don't have to perform just these, the same songs every night or the same play. It's like I get to kind of say what I wanna say so I can kind of talk about it and work through it in that way. And then, yeah, I mean, I would say yes about comedy lifting me out of it. I think that that's why I tend to make fun of it, is 'cause I need to like, laugh about how awful I feel. And, but I, I will say reaching for a standup special or a show that makes me laugh is not the, is not a thing that I go to as much as I probably should when I'm feeling depressed, it's, I I get into the kind of depression where I almost like want it to stay because I feel like it's, this is the real way I'm supposed to feel and I don't wanna be tricked into thinking things are all right.


And when I'm in those deep depressions, when they really take hold, there's really nothing but waiting. Sometimes that'll, that'll get me out of it. And, and also meds. But I, I'm learning to more often turn to comedy and watching something that'll make me laugh. Like, I think you should leave or Veep or putting on a Seinfeld to reorient me. And, and, but it has to be early stages of when I just get those first kind of, I think of depression as like getting a flu. And when I first get those sniffles or a little sore throat, like a little tingle in the back of my throat of depression, that's when I, I need to throw on some comedy and it, and it really does help. And I'm realizing that late in my life, actually, my depression is way more in check now.


Well, I'm glad things have gotten better on that front. Thank you. Yeah. We're listening to the interview I recorded with comic Nikki Glaser in July. She's hosting the Golden Globe Sunday and is nominated for one for her latest comedy special. Someday You'll Die. I just wanna mention here that if you or someone you know is struggling with suicidal thoughts, there is help at the Suicide and Crisis lifeline. You can call or text nine eight eight to speak to someone that's nine, eight, eight call or text and you can speak to someone today. We'll hear more of my interview with Nikki Glaser after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Capella University. Learning doesn't have to get in the way of life. With Capella's game changing FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your own schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to earn your degree. Instead enjoy learning your way and pursue your educational and career goals without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


Support for NPR and the following message come from Bo and Branch Change Your Sleep with the softness of Bo and branches 100% organic cotton sheets. Feel the difference with 15% off your first set of sheets@bollandbranch.com with code NPR exclusions apply. See site for details.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to the interview I recorded in July with Comic Nikki Glaser. It's part of our end of the year series featuring some of our favorite interviews of the year. I wanna talk with you about Roast You are very funny at, at Roast in a way that makes me laugh, but also makes me uncomfortable because it really cuts. I mean, I would never wanna be roasted by you. No, I bet, bet you wouldn't wanna be roasted by you either, right? No, yeah, I get roasted by me. That's the thing. It's like I developed this skill because of what I say to myself a lot of times. I, I think I just made that connection recently of like, oh, what are they? I think on this last roast I'm thinking, what are they gonna say about me? And I'm like, you've already said it to yourself at some point.


Like, they can't come at you for anything new. I mean, they find a way sometimes you go, oh man, I didn't even notice that about myself. But yeah, it's, it's, it's crazy that I, I I watch clips of myself at Roast and I go, who do you think you are talking to someone like this? I I really, it's an out of body experience and I just really have to almost play a character. Well, yeah, first of all, I, yeah, some of your performances are like auto roasting, like, like roasting yourself. But I, like, I don't, I I I think roasts end up being really funny and roast are sometimes a little cruel, but it's such a weird phenomenon that comics get together and, and choose a willing victim and just yeah, insult them with punchlines.


It's so strange. It really is. When you say it like that, like, I, I don't know, I understand why people love it, because it's just saying things that you would never be able to say and the person sitting right there. And so it feels like it's okay because they're laughing along with it. So it makes us all feel better about what we're laughing about. But it is insane. I don't know why anyone signs up for it. I'm grateful that they do, and that is the only reason I can even do it is because I know they're signing up for it. I mean, I, I really, I really respect, you know, in terms of Tom Brady, I was like, I can't believe he's going to do this. And, and because he said yes to it, it's kind of like, unless you tell me things are off limits, I'm I'm gonna go there.


I I have license. I I I have your consent and and then I go and boy, yeah, I, I just, I can't believe the places my mind will go to. I really do have to do kind of a cleanse after I write for a roast because my mind is in just such a bad place where I'm just constantly thinking the worst thing about someone, looking at pictures of them thinking what is something I can think about them, they, that is gonna haunt them the rest of their life. 'cause I'm gonna reveal it to the, to everyone. To everyone. I mean, it's a, it's a disgusting place to, to, to write from, but that's, that's the job. Oh, okay. So I wanna play an example. Oh God. So, so this was during the roast of Tom Brady in May that was carried live on Netflix.


And you know, you, you talk about how he's the greatest quarterback of all time and you know, he announces retirement in 2022 and then return for another season and then retired for real last year. So here's an excerpt of what you said about Tom Brady with of course Tom Brady being in the room. You really are. I mean, you are the best to ever play for too long. I mean, You Retired, then you came back, and then you retired again. I mean, I get it. It's hard to walk away from something that's not your pregnant girlfriend. It's tough. Hey, to be Fair, he didn't know she was pregnant. He just thought she was getting fat and Tom hates fat.


I mean, do you guys know about his diet program? It is so strict, but if you follow it exactly as he does, you too can lose your family. And seriously You Can lose. So Nikki Glaser, that is a stinging joke. And you know, one of the things I notice at Roast is this kind, these like forced smiles and like, ha ha like, I'm gonna show, I can laugh at this. And you can tell a person's just kind of like dying inside. Yeah. So how do you figure out if jokes like the one we just hear you tell about Tom Brady is too personal or too cutting, too cruel. Not only to Tom Brady, but to the girlfriend He left years ago.


Yeah. I felt like I was sticking up for her in a way with that joke. And I, I, maybe that's me trying to soften it for myself of, but I felt like I was more coming at him than her and, and calling, I like the idea of me defending him and saying, no, you guys chill out. He just thought she was getting kind of fat, which is also calling him out for being, you know, just, you know, he broke up. I don't know what happened in the relationship, but it, it ended and then he ends up dating a model and his girlfriend was pregnant. It's, it seems to me to be, that would be the number one thing we can joke about. So for me to get through that whole roast and see that no one else mentioned that incident in his life, I was shocked because it's a guessing game, Terry.


Like, it really is like, is this gonna fly? Is this gonna be okay? I really don't know until I get there and thank God he is kind of like behind me because I don't wanna look at him. It's, it's, it's so, it's insane. I, I can't even bel like I, I did those jokes so much leading up to it, practicing around town. He wasn't there for those. But when you finally get up there, it's really scary to say these to someone's face and thank God he's like barely in my periphery because I don't know that I could do it if he was, if I had to look at him during it. But at that point I was so on autopilot and had the set so locked from practicing that I, it didn't, it didn't matter anymore. And, and I almost didn't have feeling behind the jo.


Like, I just didn't even think about how those jokes could affect him because I, you have to divorce yourself from that to even get it done. Did he ever contact you personally or did you ever contact him personally after That? No, I wouldn't even know how to do that. I did see him in the hallway afterwards and just wanted to tell him how great I thought his set was at the end of a really long night when everyone was tired, he killed and, which is, he was so impressive. So I just wanted to say good job. And he said really great job and said good luck with everything, which just told me like, we'll never meet again. Right. Yeah. And fair enough, fair enough. Yeah. Yeah. Have a nice life is another way to say what he said.


Yeah. I'll tell you a couple of jokes that I did actually really wins at and kind of found offensive. So tell me what you think Please. I think it was at the, I forget which roast it was at, but Sybil Shepherd and Martha Stewart were there. Oh. And you made jokes about their older woman genitals. Yeah. And I thought, wow, that, that struck me as like really so un insulting to women. Do you know that, that women have less value when they're older and their genitals are older? Yes.


I don't disagree with you and I, I just think that the rules of roast, like no one's exempt from having their genitals talked about because I do it for men too. So I felt like it it, and I will defend it in saying like, I, I just don't wanna pull any punches. But I will say that I did contribute to that kind of toxic belief that women are disposable as soon as they start aging, which is like my biggest concern and fear and, and resentment of being a woman. And I don't love that I did that. And I think that, you know, it was just, I look back, like I said, like I don't like watching these roasts. And sometimes I'll come across a clip and I usually just skip past it.


'cause I go, I don't wanna relive that. God only knows what I said. But I watched one recently in preparation for the Tom Brady one and I just go, what are you doing girl? Who do you think you are? Who ever told you this was an, an okay thing to say to someone's face? And I'm glad you didn't quote the jokes to me because I would probably wince as well and be ashamed of what I said. So I definitely, I would like to do more roast in the future to right those wrongs and be able to make different jokes, like have parameters for myself and challenge myself to not go to those quote unquote easy places. But yeah, I'm, I'm embarrassed of things I've, I've said to people on those things and it's, it's hard to, to to re-listen and, and relive it, but I'm sure much harder for them.


Do you have to do research when you're preparing a roast so that you know enough about the person's life to know their vulnerabilities and their mistakes? Yeah, and you know, I wanna like them, like, I wanna come from a place of like love because if it's just all disdain, it's just gonna read that way and it's not gonna be as funny. And, and I'm the brunt of it too. Like I, I'm on the receiving end of jokes that really hurt my feelings, so I get what it's like. It's not easy. My guest is comic Nikki Glaser. She's hosting the Golden Globe Sunday and is nominated for one for her latest comedy special. Someday You'll Die. We'll talk more after a break.


This is Fresh Air.


Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air up. First. NPR News now. Planet Money TED Radio Hour through line, the NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcast you can enjoy, sponsor free with NPR Plus get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


Donald Trump promised to change Washington DCA place where there's an old saying that personnel is policy. That's why we have created a new podcast called Trump's Terms, where you can follow N p's coverage of the incoming Trump administration from his cabinet secretaries to political advisors and top military leaders to understand who they are, what they believe, and how they'll govern. Listen to Trump's terms from NPR.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with Comic Nikki Glaser. Her latest comedy special Someday You'll Die is streaming on Max. When we left off, we were talking about how she's known for her comedic insults at Celebrity roast jokes that some people have interpreted as offensive. She gets it. And she mentioned she's been on the receiving end of jokes that really hurt her feelings. Would you wanna tell a joke that really hurt your feelings? There's that too much To ask of you. Yeah, no, I mean, there was one about, it was Sybil Shepherd at the roast of Bruce Willis, and She said that I saw Nikki before the show. I walked into the bathroom and I saw her from behind and I go, oh my God, look at this model. And then she turned around and I go, oh, she's a comedian.


And that really, that really stung because I have so many insecurities about my face and it's not good enough. And that's why I'm a comedian is 'cause I, I wish I could just be prettier. It's like that one hurt. And, and then the, the laughter that follows including yours just now is the, is the, the, the kicker as well where you just go, oh no, that might be true. Like, and then there was another one, Pete Davidson had one about me having a, a flat butt and, and I was like, oh no, I always knew that about myself. Now other people know that I have no butt. And then there was one about me not being funny this, this time around. That kind of stung. Yeah. And then you just put on a smart happy face and then you don't think about it until the car ride home when you're just like despondently looking out the window and everyone around you is like, that was so amazing tonight.


And you're like, but like the thing that Tony Hinchcliffe said, do you like think that comes from a real place? And they're like, why are you thinking about that joke that no one's talking about? You had the night of your life. And I, I mean, I've cried at I think two out of the three roast after parties because of my feelings getting hurt. And, and then I also, after the roast of Bruce Willis, I got a ton of stuff injected in my face and la laser stuff done to fix what Sybil saw. Wow. That is a really heavy reaction to it. That was just like a joke. I just, I just go, okay, I finally have confirmation. I've been saying I'm ugly my whole life. Everyone is like, no, you're beautiful.


And then Sybil just said, I was ugly and the whole room laughed equals it's true and I'm gonna do something about it finally. So I really did. I went, I went and spent that entire paycheck at, at a, a med spa and did, you know, I did a, a laser on my face that they had to strap down my hands because my body would probably try to run to the nearest like water source to be because I, my body thinks I'm on fire. I had to be like, held down and I was like, what am I doing to myself? And I continued to do those treatments here and there, but I really went all in and pretty crazy right after. And, and yeah, I mean it just, I've been, I've been on the receiving end so I know what it's like and I, and I do feel bad about the things I've said because I've, I've suffered in the wake of it as well.


Can I give you a different interpretation of the Sybil Shepherd joke about you? Yes, please. That models look like models and you turn around and you look like a real person and looking like a real person in my opinion is a really good thing. Especially, especially when you have fans and fans see you as being important and they look to you as kind of a role model. It's good to look like a real person. I'm not saying models aren't real people, but they're like the visually perfected version of real people. Yes. And very few people can achieve that, and that's okay. Yeah. I really appreciate that interpretation and that honestly did sink in and a lot of what people say in response to this kind of opinion I have about myself does not land.


And that did except the part where you said, and that's okay because I, I come from the place of like, yeah, some people are perfect. And I go and why am I not? And you know, in many ways my life is perfect, but it's, it's just been this struggle. My, I mean, I've always felt kind of like ugly and I think that's been the thing I struggle with most in my life. And I realize that that's ridic. I know that I'm a pretty enough girl, but it's like not as much as I wanna be. And man, I wouldn't have to work as hard if I was prettier and, and saying to my mom as a a young child, you might Not have been a comic. Yeah. And I'm so glad, I'm so Glad It's your insecurity that gave you Your greatest gift. Exactly. And I know that, but sometimes I'm like, I'd give it all up just to, I'd be mute just so I could be be gorgeous and just what is, you know, I'm always the, the comparing and, and despairing is something I'm well versed in, but the fact that you said I look like a, a normal person and, and that that's important because I represent that to young women.


That's important for me because that's the reason I think the way I think is because I grew up looking at perfect people and expecting myself to look that way. And there weren't normal looking people in magazines for me as a, as a young girl, or at least I didn't see them. It's so, it is, it's important that I, I look the way I do, even though I'm gonna make tweaks here and there just to adjust a little bit. I can't stop, but I'm way better than I have been in the past at accepting myself. But it's still a struggle and I don't feel like vanity is a vapid pursuit. I feel like I'm kind of right sometimes because I look at my industry and even even being a comedian, like it helps looking attractive.


It just, it does. But you are attractive. I, I wish it didn't. Thank you. Thank you. You are Okay. It's not like you turned around and it's like, no, no. It's the hunchback of Notre Dame. Right. That's how, see that's how I spun that in my head. So thank you for setting me straight on that. Yeah. Alright, Nikki Glaser, it's been great talking with you. Thank you so much. Thank you, Terry. This is such an honor. I love you. Oh, Thank you so much. I really do. I, I, you're incredible. I think You're so funny and so perceptive, so it's just been great talking with you. Thank You. Oh, it means the world to me that you feel that way. Thank you. My interview with Nikki Glaser was recorded in July. Her latest comedy special Someday You'll Die is streaming on multiple platforms.


She's hosting The Golden Globe Sunday and her special is nominated for one. Well, that concludes our holiday end of the year series. Did the holidays mess up your sleep patterns? Staying up late, changing Time Zones are the Dark Days of Winter. Messing with You too. Monday on Fresh Air, we'll talk with science journalists, Lynn, peoples author of a new book about what scientists are learning about our body's inner clock and how that knowledge can help us sleep and function better. I hope you can join us. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham.


Our engineer this week is Adam Stanski with additional engineering support from Joyce Lieberman and Julian Hertzfeld. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers Ann Rebel Donato, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Thea Cho, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Neper. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross.