
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member DC.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian, Cooley singer and actress Cynthia Arrivo has just been nominated for a Golden Globe for her performance in the film adaptation of the Broadway musical Wicked. Here she is singing one of that musical's most iconic songs. If it's time to, I think That Try def and you can't Pull me Down, can I make you understand you're having delusions of grand joy I through accepting lips. 'cause someone says they're so, some things I cannot change, but can I Try?


Never know. Too long. I've been afraid of losing love. I guess I've lost that love. It comes at much too high. That's Cynthia Arrivo. In 2016, after coming to the US from England, Arrivo starred in the Broadway revival of the Musical, the Color Purple, winning a Tony and Drama Desk award for her starring role as Harriet Tubman In the film, Harriet, she was nominated for an Oscar and also was nominated for the movie's closing credit song Standup, which she co-wrote and sang.


Arrivo played Aretha Franklin in the tv, miniseries genius Aretha. She also co-starred in the HBO series, the Outsider. And she released an album of songs she co-wrote titled chapter one verse one and wrote a children's book called Remember to Dream Ere Arrivo Grew up in South London where her parents emigrated from Nigeria. Terry Gross spoke with Cynthia Arrivo in 2021 and asked her about playing Aretha Franklin. They began with this scene from the miniseries genius Aretha. This is set during Aretha's first recording session for Atlantic Records in 1967. Arrivo as Aretha is at the piano singing, I never loved a man the way I loved You.


I Why I let you do these things to me. They and I leave you if I could The way that die.


I love. That's Cynthia Arrivo from the mini series, genius, Aretha. Cynthia Arrivo, welcome to Fresh Air. Well thank you. It Is such a pleasure to have you on the show. How did you start listening to Aretha Franklin? When I was a kid and we would, so there's this radio station in the UK called Magic fm and it plays everything. Everything from, let's say, I don't know if you know a band called Mike and the Mechanics to the Eurythmics, to Kate Bush, to Aretha, to Gladys Knight, pat LaBelle, Lauren Hill, the whole lot.


And so when we were only on Be on the Way to school, my mom would always have that radio station on. And the first time I heard it, it was from there. I think the, I wanna say the first thing I heard was Sisters are doing it for themselves. And then I heard, I think it was Till You Come back to Me. So I had heard Aretha in like two different ways. One with Annie Lennox and then one on her own from two different times. And I just sort of fell in love. I didn't really, I didn't really know 'cause I didn't know who that was.


And then I started asking questions and my mom told me it was Aretha Franklin. And so I, I was aware of what, how much I loved music and that I wanted to be a singer and I just sort of fell in love with her voice. The fact that she could do that with Annie Lennox and then that on her own just was astounding to me. Did you try to emulate her? I don't think I tried to emulate her. I just wanted to listen to everything she had and I started learning her music pretty, pretty early. Yeah. I know you've said that when you were listening to Aretha before playing her, that one of the things you were listening for is where did she breathe?


Oh yeah. Why was that important? Because the breath, I think, tells you everything about what the person is trying to say. You know, when you, if you look at a sentence where the comma goes, tells you what the sentence means. If I say today I've been feeling really, really bad, but, and now I say, today I've been feeling really bad, but I'll be all right. Well now I've, it's one is I feel ill and one is emotionally I feel bad, you see? And so when she would, she would breathe in different places and it would change the sentence structure.


It would change the meaning of the song. Another person might sing it a completely different way. Can you sing us an example of what you mean? I use the song often to explain it because it's one, it's a beautiful song. And two, I had to really, really dig in and and learn it. And three just is a wonderful example of how the breath work ch changes. It's called Never Grow Old. I had to learn it for the Amazing Grace episode. And it, it goes like this. The sentence is, I have heard of a land on a far away strand.


That's the sentence. The normal way to sing it is, I have heard of a land on a far away strand. Right. She sings, ah, have heard of All Land. Oh, far away Strain.


You get the impression that it's more far away Exactly The way you sang it. Exactly. Yeah. But it, I'll tell you, it was beautiful both ways. She just has this way with, with music, the way she manipulates it and uses it to tell the story is really special. And it's that sort of making you wait for the, for the explanation. 'cause when it's a, it's a difference between I moving from one note to the other really quickly. I have heard as opposed to I have heard of a land, you know, You, you met her twice backstage at The Color Purple and at the Kennedy Center.


Did you feel like you were able to have a meaningful conversation with her? I think sometimes, like when you meet somebody who's so important to you, you just don't know what to say. I, I think that was, I was that I didn't really know what to say, but I was also sort of disarmed by how funny she was. She was so like jovial. She joked that when I first met her, she sang the last sentence of my big song back at me. And so I almost fell over 'cause Aretha Franklin is singing and I'm here back at me and I just, I didn't know what to, to do.


I think I just laughed. I was just like, oh my God. And I remember, I remember her saying, you, well, you can sing, sing. I was like, okay. Oh my God, this is nuts. It just, you know, I I don't know if I needed any, anything more meaningful than that to be honest. 'cause if the Queen of Soul can remember you as the person who can sing. Well, wonderful. She, she was brought up in the church and she was brought up singing gospel in the church on tours through the south and in her father's church. And so when she started singing r and b, it was so church influenced.


And I'm wondering about if you grew up churched at all in England, and if so, what the music was like. We did, I did grow up in church bit different. 'cause I'm Roman Catholic is what I was raised on. And then, but I was a bit of a rebel. So when I was in church, it was a lot of like Christian hymns and I wanted more because I was sort of, I was listening to gospel music and I was learning about gospel singers and I was learning about fat sound and I wanted to, I wanted to hear it in my own church.


So one of the churches when I, we moved to East London from South London and that, that church had a choir. So I remember they asked if I could join the choir. And, and so I did. And then somehow I managed to end up being like one of the conductors of the choir. And I would just like sneak gospel songs in from time to time and just have them like sing a couple gospel songs. Consequently, I got into trouble for it. And they were like, you can't, you can't make sing those songs in here anymore. And I never understood why, because I felt like all music that was for the same reason was equal and was meaningful Was the objection to the gospel music, the lyrics of the song or the, the style of singing?


I Think it's the style of singing. I think the style of singing was the, was the, was where the objection came. There's a particularly straight laced way of praising That's correct for the Catholic church. There's, there's a specific way that you should do it. And there's specific thing that you can sing. There are specific songs and anything outside of the lines is too far. Was this a predominantly white congregation? Very much so, yes. Yeah. You went to Rado, which is the Rural Academy of Dramatic Arts in England. Very famous school. You didn't know what existed when you were invited to I did, did Apply for it. I did not. Was it revelatory once you got there to study acting in such a, a formal and probably traditional way?


Yeah, I just, because I didn't know that that was even a possibility when I was going through primary school or secondary school. No one was like, well you can go to drama school. No one gave me that option. So the whole thing was revelatory. Like the first year was both discovery and a struggle and a half. 'cause I just like, what am I doing here? And I, so there's so many things I don't really understand is what was my strong suit, was that I was a little bit different to most people. That I was one of the kids that was good at singing and we had a particularly musical year, so there were a couple other kids who could sing too.


And actually being able to sing was really useful. And, and when I started to embrace that, I sort of could see where the opportunities were. Some people were really wonderful at the classics and at Jacob Bees and you know, those kids that came from Eaton who had read those things were brilliant at those things. But I wasn't that my raw talent came from understanding music. So when we started talking about Sondheim and learning those songs, for me, I was in heaven. And when we started reading Seven Guitars by August Wilson, I recognized myself in those people because while it was a black writer writing about black people and I could see myself in them.


And those are plays I had read. And there's a, there's a playwright I had heard of. And when you are passionate about acting Shakespeare was where we all sort of like join turns because, well, we all knew, knew Shakespeare. But now I could have a sort of a real grasp on the scope at which he wrote. You know, when you were talking about Aretha, you talked about the importance of where you breathe and how it can even change the meaning of a phrase. So when you were learning Sondheim songs, I think breath is really especially important in those songs in terms of the meaning. But in some of the songs, just in terms of having an opportunity to breathe, because some of the songs there isn't, there isn't a lot of opportunity and those songs are really rangey.


You know, so your breath support would be really important. Is there a song you especially loved when you started singing Sondheim? I, I loved being alive and I loved the Miller Sun. Have you ever heard the Middle Sun? I have. I've seen you sing it on, on YouTube. So if anybody wants to see it, it's, it's there. Yeah. I that, that's one of my favorite songs. I just, I And that is one of those songs where you're like, if you don't breathe in the right place, you make it to the end of the sentence. Can you give us an example of what you mean? Oh my God, I don't even know if I can remember the lyrics. I haven't done it for such a long time. Is it, it's a wink and a wiggle and a giggle and a grass.


And I'll trip the light panang go a pinch in a pi, a pinch in a d and a middle of a passes by. It's a very short road from the pinch and the punch to the porch and the pouch and the pension. It's a very short road to the 10,000 lunch and the punch and the pouch in the si In the meanwhile, there are mouth to be kissed, beautiful mouth to be fed and a lot in between. And the meanwhile. And the girl has to celebrate what passes by or I shall marry the man of son. Yeah. Thank you. Did you, how did you figure out where to breathe? Did you get advice on that? Did it seem natural? I got, I got advice.


I, I had a really lovely teacher at Rad. It was Philip. He was just Phil. He was wonderful Actually. I, I will say that my singing teacher at, at Brata we're all sort of assigned a singing teacher. Most of us because we've never sung before. So we can learn about what that is and, and learn how to connect the singing voice and the singing breath with the speaking voice and the speaking breath. So we don't differentiate the, the two so far apart that we're afraid of one of them because they're sort of one and the same. And I think that because I was already in, in tune with my singing voice, what Philip did with me was encourage me to try new things, try more.


So he would have me singing Arias from O Ello. And, and were you comfortable singing in an operatic style or did it not matter which style you sang in as long as you did the singing? I was comfortable. Classical music was sort of a love of mine. And then when I went to drama school, my voice was already sort of ready to try that. And it's the same whilst I was doing the Color Purple, my singing teacher Jo June Joan Later Rather. It was wonderful. She, she would give me classical music or opera to sing. 'cause She said that the best way to allow my voice to be open enough to sing what I was singing on stage was to just try something that was totally opposite to it.


So you weren't taxing your voice the same way the entire time. You were just sort of opening it up and exercising it, but not stressing it. Can you give us an example of how you learned to open up your voice? I'll, I'll do one of the first things I did at secondary school, actually, because we'd always do sort of like the end of year like choral show. And this one year we decided to do Ruter Requiem, the Ruter Requiem by John Ruter. And I was asked to sing pa there's a, there's a version of PSU at for the, for the genre Ratta Requiem.


And it's very special. Who knows if I can still do these notes, but I'll, I'll give it a go then it would change keys p and this, this key change was always really difficult.


Difficult and Oh, so beautiful. No, what about that opened your voice? I guess there's a couple of things that are happening. Your breath is different. The way you place, the way you use your tongue is different. The tongue placement is different in your mouth. It's almost like even your, the way you use the muscles in your face often to make those sounds there, your jaw has to be slightly lowered and relaxed. And often, I don't know if you, when you watch me sing, you'll see that I sing often with a bit of a smile on one.


I'm enjoying myself. But two, when you smile, everything else is relaxed. Cynthia Arrivo speaking with Terry Gross in 2021. She is currently starring in the film adaptation of the Broadway musical. Wicked. We'll hear more of their interview after a break. Also, Ken Tucker plays us some great new Christmas music. I'm David Bian Cooley and This is Fresh Air The Wizard. Once I prove my worth, then I meet the wizard. What I've waited for since, since birth. And with all his wizard wisdom by my looks, he won't be blind.


Support for NPR comes from Google. This year Google is celebrating the biggest breakout searches that define 2024, including the moments and people like Sabrina Carpenter that captured the world's attention and inspired us all to search for more watch. Sabrina Carpenter's Tiny Desk concert premiering December 20th on YouTube support for NPR comes from Google. This year Google is celebrating the breakout searches of 2024 that captured the world's attention and shaped our year in ways we never saw coming. Watch the film at g.co/year in search. Google search on


this message comes from Better help this holiday season. Do something for a special person in your life. You give yourself the gift of better mental health, better help Online therapy connects you with a qualified therapist via phone, video, or live chat. It's convenient and affordable and can be done from the comfort of your own home. Having someone to talk to is truly a gift, especially during the holidays. Visit Better help.com/npr to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want. Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana.


Your, your mother who raised you came from Nigeria. What were her dreams? She, she actually surpassed a lot of her dreams. Her, her dream was, was to be a nurse. So she got that and then had to change it. I watched her sort of go, okay, I I I got my nursing degree and now what else do I want? I think she definitely wanted to be in the UK with her, with children. I know she wanted children. I think she wanted more children than she has, but she's very happy with the two that she does. And I think that she sort of learned after her the dream of being a nurse came true.


That she had this sort of passion for taking care of children full stop. And so she focused her studies on the cognitive health of children and ended up becoming, there's a position in the UK called Health Visitor. And her job specifically is to help new mothers with children from the age of, say, one month almost to the age of three. Just with like learning cognitive skills and making sure that the mother isn't suffering from postpartum or, and if they are, then she can help.


And she makes sure that, that the children are latching in the right way or if there's anything going on or if there's colic or all of those things. All the things that you would, you might panic about if you don't have any guidance, my mother is there to help you with. That's what her job used to be. And she sort of flew with it. She got rose to the top of the ranks on that one. Yeah. Is it reassuring to you to have a mother who knew what to do if something went wrong? Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah, she's cool. It's really fun. I realize that she's like the child whisperer. It's really fun watching her with other people's children 'cause they don't really know how it's done. And I, I don't know how it's done. I feel like I've been, it's, it feels like it's like in our genes because I end up being the same with kids and I don't really need to do very much.


And kids sort of are like, oh look, what's this interesting looking, being sitting next to me. I I want to, I wanna know who that person is. And, and we're off to the races. It's hilarious. I think she passed it on Your parents separated, I think when you were pretty young and by the time you were 16 your father told you and your sister that he was done Well He told, yeah, he told me. He, he told me. Oh, it was just you. Just me. He told me that he was out of our lives and I sort of had to relay the message to everyone. Yeah. What was your reaction? Could you see that coming? I didn't see it coming, although I, in hindsight, I probably should have seen it coming, but I didn't see it coming. 'cause you know what 16-year-old would at the time it was heartbroken 'cause it was in public when it happened as well.


So it was just like, not fun. But yeah, it was, it was deeply disappointing, deeply heartbreaking. And I think I felt bad for having to have to bring that information back to my, my house, to my mom and my sister and, and I, and I remember it was in the middle of a school day, so I still had to go through school. That was not fun. Did he give you an explanation? No, not really. No. No. I think he just had, I think he was finished being a dad.


And did you think that there was something about you that, that made him leave? Or did you think like he's being mean and thoughtless and doing this and that's on him? Not on me. Hmm. I don't know. I, I I, I don't know if I was thinking about that. I I never really compartmentalized it. I, I just saw someone doing something that h hurt me and I think it was just sort of as simple as that.


Like someone is do, he was doing something that he knew would hurt me to be mean and spiteful, but I knew that he was gonna stick to it. I knew that it wasn't like a, a jad that he would take back at some point. Have you spoken to him since? No. Wow. It's actually, I actually tell a lie. I bumped into him randomly at a, at a cousin's wedding. We had an awkward sort of, hello and that was, that's it when I was 25. I wanna play another song from your new album.


And this is called The Good. Do you wanna say something about what you were thinking about when you wrote it? Yeah, so when I wrote it, I, we had gotten to a point where we, I know that we, I knew that we needed a, an uptempo song. We needed something with like, that felt upbeat and that felt fun. But I love writing ballads. I love writing love songs. I can't help it. It's sort of, I'm so, I'm a mid Tempe to slow song, don't need to apologize to Slow song. That's what I do. And I like, I enjoy them, I enjoy singing 'cause of the space in them. But then, and so as we started writing, I thought, what, what can you make this about? And my friend who is also the EP on this album with me, he said that he had been talking to a friend of ours about the relationship that she had had with her father.


She said that the relationship wasn't great all the time, but they were starting to rebuild and that they were starting to have some really good moments. And then he passed away and then She said, but she just wants to remember the good and the light bulb went off. And I was like, that's the song, that song, the song is about the remembering the good. Even when something ends, maybe not in the best of ways. Well, let's hear the song. This is the Good from Cynthia Vos new album, chapter one verse one To Smile Doesn't spring we, and I know there's no waiting for what I can see holding my chest, my in a spin, the pain for down.


What can I do to make these days go by? I having a strength to make the rainfall. I just wanna The Wanna make these go by. That's Cynthia Arrivo from her new album, chapter one verse one. So this is kind of a, a personal question in terms of that it has personal meaning for me.


So you are five foot one Harriet Tubman, who you portrayed was even shorter. And I am not quite five feet. So as a short person, I'm wondering if you think it's had much of an impact on your life or your career to be short, I don't know because I never, I mean I, the thing is a lot of people don't realize I am as short as I'm, I did not realize it. I was reading about you and I was like, really? I mean, I spend a lot of my time in heels, but like often when I'm with other people, they're also like dressed up or in their heels. And so when I'm standing next and they're like, oh my goodness, you're really small.


I think there have been times often that people assume that because you're small, you are weak or because you're small. Sometimes people, they often decide that because you're small, you are also childlike, which sometimes is really strange. 'cause you have to sort of correct people and, and let them understand full. Actually I'm, I'm a fully grown adult. I just happen to be small. So my understanding of what you are saying, what anyone else is saying, it's just the same Do What about chairs? Do you find it's hard to find a chair that fits? Yes. Like chairs that are high enough to, to get to tables and stuff? Well, I, you know, chairs are like too deep and Yeah, often too high as See legs are swinging off the ground.


Yeah, You see your legs, right, exactly. Yeah. That, that's a thing. So you end up having to like perch to the, the end edge of the seat so your feet can touch the ground or Podiums. Podiums are hilarious. 'cause sometimes you are always also like, you know what, today I'm just gonna swallow my pride and ask them for a little step so I can reach the podium and feel like I'm a normal height and reach this thing so I'm not having to tiptoe ever so slightly or wear, you know, 15 inch heels that it's sort of like, it's that you, you have to take the good with the bad with it. Def definitely stools. High chairs are really sometimes quite difficult. 'cause you know, if you're singing and you want to sit, you are often on a stool.


So you have to try and make sure that the stool is not too high for you to sit on. And so I always make the compromise with whatever dress I'm wearing or whatever clothes. 'cause if they cover my feet, you can't see how far my feet are from the ground. Yeah. And if this stool's too high, you have to kind of shimmy onto it. Shimmy Onto it. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you can't reach that high. Your behind doesn't reach that high, Like making little jumps to, to get there. It's Like, and and then slide out. Slide down. Oh my goodness. Ah, Cynthia Vo, it's been so delightful to talk with you. Thank you so much for doing this and, and just thank you for your work. Oh, thank you. Thank you so much. This has been so much fun.


You, you are wonderful. So thank you Cynthia Arrivo recorded in 2021. She's currently starring in the film adaptation of the Broadway musical. Wicked. The first half of the two-part adaptation opened November 22nd and already has earned more than $300 million in American ticket sales coming up. I'll review the new Prime video series, the Sticky, which brings the sensibility of the TV series Fargo to Canada's syrup industry. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder and CEO Ron Russon shares the experience they hope to create in their viewing rooms. We want our customers to feel like they've walked into a luxury hotel. That's what Saatva has been inspired by from the day that we started. We take sleep very seriously. We believe it unlocks a superpower. If you get the right sleep on the right mattress, we believe we can provide that. To learn more, go to SA tva.com/npr.


This message comes from Jackson. Let's face it, retirement planning can be confusing. At Jackson, we are working to make retirement clear for everyone. Starting with you. Our easy to understand resources and user friendly digital tools help simplify your entire experience. You can have confidence in your retirement with clarity from Jackson. Seek the clarity you deserve@jackson.com. Jackson is short for Jackson Financial Incorporated, Jackson National Life Insurance Company, Lansing, Michigan, and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York, purchase New York.


This is Fresh Air. I'm TV critic David Bean Cooley. The sticky is a new TV series starring Margot Martindale. Inspired by the biggest crime in Canadian history, the theft of a massive amount of government stored maple syrup. This new six part prime video miniseries, all of which is streaming now tells that story but more whimsically than faithfully. Don't think of the sticky as a fact-based Canadian crime story. Think of it more like the movie Fargo, where half the fun is enjoying the snow covered scenery and the somewhat cartoonish characters. And though the series creators of the sticky Brian Donovan and Ed Harrow don't mind the French Canadian accents for laughs.


The way Fargo played with those Minnesota draws. The loose connection with the truth is exactly the same. The Fargo movie and TV series stated at the start that they were based on a true story, but they were lying because why not? The opening disclaimer in the sticky is just as playful, but much more honest. It says, this is absolutely not the true story of the great Canadian maple syrup heist in that real life robbery. $18 million worth of maple syrup reserves were stolen with a theft discovered in 2012. In this six part version for tv, the heist is planned by a trio of unlikely co-conspirators.


There's Remi, a local security guard, the only security guard at the place where local syrup is stockpiled. Mike is a low level mobster visiting from Chicago, and Ruth is a local farmer who taps her trees for SAP each year, but whose land is about to be sold out from under her. All three of these people have grudges to settle the security guard against the syrup federation that treats him poorly. The gangster against the mob family that takes him for granted. And the farmer whose property is being targeted by the head of the syrup association, even though her husband is in the hospital in a coma, Remy, the security guard, hatches a plan to steal some syrup.


He tells the mobster who tries to enlist Ruth because of her knowledge of the trade. Mike is played by Chris Diamantopoulos. Guillaume seer plays Remy and Margot Martindale plays Ruth, You need this. So hear him out, Remy. So here's my system. It took some thinking, but it's pretty sweet. In the dark of night, I sneak a barrel out. Each month the Norval sells the syrup to his guy, one province over. We just have to do that a little times and we get rich. Easy peasy. Boom, boom, Boom, boom.


What? Boom. One barrel that, that's your plan. A million dollars, three ways. That's what you want? Yeah. Let's see. Okay, I thought about it for four seconds. Listen to this. The association has a barrel set price at $2,489. We sell to Ham and Eggers in Ottawa. They're gonna screw us. We go 2K on the black market. Now that means you know what that means? That means you two bozos have to pinch 500 barrels at night In a week. That's not just Tom.


That's stupid. They're gonna notice 500 barrels missing Once the three agree to work together. The real fun begins outside factors and unexpected antagonists. Keep gumming up the works. And these three very different characters react differently to almost everything, including one another. Ruth is the brains of the outfit. Remy knows almost nothing, and Mike certainly knows nothing about the production methods of maple syrup, which he demonstrates in a conversation with them during a cramped truck ride, Six weeks, you wait all year long for a lousy six weeks to tap syrup. Sap, what? She said sap Poor to six weeks to collect the tree sap.


Then we turn the sap To syrup. It's not just syrup in the trees. No. Wow. No, that would, that would be amazing. Okay, but we're stealing the syrup, right? We're not stealing sap. Of course not sap. How do you not know this? 'cause no one does Ruth. No one except SAP farmers. They're not Called SAP farmers. The point is sugaring season's almost over Margot Martindale, who was so enjoyable to watch on both Justified and the Americans has a blast with this leading role. Her major co-stars, including Gita Miller and Suzanne Kleon as a pair of investigators on their trail are all Canadian actors and all add to the mix here.


But the secret ingredient and the reason to make this a must watch TV series is an eventual, substantial guest star appearance by an American Jamie Lee Curtis. She arrives late but makes as big an impact as she did in her Emmy winning guest stint on the Bear, or as the tax auditor in everything everywhere all at once. It's such a blast to see Curtis and Martindale swing for the fences with their portrayals and both of them hit it outta the park. The entire company of actors is strong and the French versions of American pop songs on the soundtrack are a delight. The best part of all is that while the sticky is loaded with wonderful characters, performances, music, and surprises, it's not at all overly sentimental, which is good.


The last thing you'd want from a TV show about a maple syrup heist is for it to be too zappy. Coming up, we hear some new Christmas songs. This is Fresh Air


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Stripe. Stripe knows that making and missing a sale could come down to how your customer wants to pay. Maybe your customer prefers paying with twin or ideal even if you didn't know. Those are popular payment methods in Switzerland and the Netherlands. With Stripe, your checkout will Stripe's Optimized Checkout suite offers localized payment methods and drives revenue for businesses turning more of your shoppers into buyers. Learn more@stripe.com.


This message comes from Capella University. With Capella's FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From the online trends that dominated 2024 on the spectrum Of brat two demure. Where are you right Now? To spicy TikTok viral reads, these romance fantasy books about dragons NPR kept you up to speed on pop culture all year long. Give back to the news source that just hits different by donating today@donate.npr.org. And thank you. Each year, the holiday season brings new Christmas music and rock critic Ken Tucker has been listening to it all to select the songs he's enjoyed the most. This year's picks include new holiday albums by Ben Folds and the Country Group, little Big Town, as well as a duet from a very famous pop star and a very famous football player.


Here's Ben Folds with his new song, the Bell that Couldn't Jingle A Christmas bell was crying. Then Santa heard it say, I just can't seem to jingle and I can't go on bus. There are two ways to go when recording Christmas music devout or irreverent. By devout I don't mean somberly religious as much as I mean sincere and respectful.


Few pop performers do devout sincerity, more assiduously than Ben Folds, whose earnest tone is ideal for holiday songs. Folds has a new album called Slayer as in Christmas Slay. Though I'm sure given his puckish sense of humor, he meant the title to Echo, the name of the thrash metal band Slayer spelled differently and authors of albums such as Rain in Blood. Ben folds by contrast, wants to rain in heaven, blessed to sing His new would be Christmas standard called Christmas Time Rhyme Christmas morning in the back of the old family for with my feet dangling, wondering when they micro to the floor pumpkin pie wrapped in four and give trapped in newspaper.


Ring the bell of my grandmother's door. The sentimentality that is inherent in much country music gives it an ideal base upon which to build holiday music and the four Member Country Act, little big town has now created the Christmas record, a straightforward title for a briskly sung collection that mixes standards with original materials such as their single glow, These hills, these roads. Could you some snow?


Let it be bright. Let it be Christmas. Let's shine that she find that let the light in you shine. One of little big count's, better choices of country covers is their version of a song I Wish More people listen to at this time of year.


Merle Haggard's. Lovely song. If we make it through December, If we make it through December, Everything's Gonna be, it's the Time of And I see we come summertime, Maybe even California.


If we make it through December, we'll be fine. My final selection of new Christmas music is a duet between a very famous pop star and a very famous football player. No, no. Taylor Swift and Travis Kelsey have not cut their version of Grandma got run over by a reindeer. I'm talking about Travis's brother, Jason Kelsey and his duet with Stevie Nicks doing Ron Sex Smith's beautiful holiday song. Maybe this Christmas, Maybe this Christmas will mean something more maybe this year And maybe forgiveness will us to call someone reasons we can't quite recall.


Maybe this Christmas, Maybe That surprisingly effective Kelsey Stevie Duet is part of an album called a Philly Special Christmas Party, a Philadelphia Eagles charity fundraiser. Thinking back to the start of this review, all of my new examples are devout, not irreverent.


Maybe next year someone will come up with a new novelty Christmas hit, but as it stands, this year is well-served by some very soothing music Rock critic Ken Tucker reviewed new Christmas music from Ben Folds, little Big Town, and Jason Kelsey and Stevie Nicks singing a duet on a Philly special Christmas party on Monday show actor in Comic Ronnie Chang. He was brought to The Daily Show by Trevor Noah and became a field correspondent. Now he's one of the rotating correspondents who anchored the show. He co-stars in the new series Interior Chinatown, and was in the film Crazy Rich Asians. He has a new Netflix comedy special.


I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram and NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our senior producer today is Roberta Schrock. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld, and Diana Martinez. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annmarie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Challenor, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Nesper for Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley. I'm David Bian Cooling. This message comes from NPR sponsor Progressive. What if comparing car insurance rates was as easy as putting on your favorite podcast? With Progressive it is, just visit their website to get a quote with all the coverages you want. You'll see Progressive's direct rate and their tool will provide options from other companies. So you can compare. Then just choose the rate and coverage you like. Quote today@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Comparison rates not available in all states or situations.


Prices vary based on how you buy support for this podcast. And the following message come from gia, where everyone can invest in the world's top renewable energy markets and make an impact with gia. You can invest directly in solar projects that reduce carbon emissions more at gia.com/npr. This message comes from NPR sponsor, REI co-op REI has gear, clothing, classes, and advice For camping and glamping, biking and hiking. Axing and snacking. Visit your local REI co-op or RE i.com for the million and one ways to opt outside.