
Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels with over 300 independent hotels around the world. Each exactly like nothing else. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of hotel brands. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. It's becoming a Fresh Air tradition that for Christmas we ask someone who's deep into music and whose work we love to choose some of their favorite Christmas recordings. We started this two years ago with Questlove yesterday. We featured John Batiste at the piano, singing and playing some Christmas songs. Today we featured David Byrne and his Christmas playlist, which we recorded last Christmas. Byrne is of course, a founder and the Front Man of Talking Heads, which was a seminal new wave band in the seventies and eighties. Although calling the band New Wave and punk doesn't describe how unique they were or how they expanded out from the stripped down music, they began playing.


Byrne also founded the music label Luaka Bop, which releases music of different genres from the US and around the world. The restored version of The Talking Heads 1984 concert film, stop Making Sense, was released last year. It's widely considered one of the best concert films. Byrne also created the Broadway shows, American Utopia. And here Lies love. David Byrne, welcome back to Fresh Air. Happy holidays. So great to Back. Happy holidays. Good to be back. So I, I wanna start by asking you, what are the criteria that you used to compile this list? I wanted to not take it too seriously, not too seriously the Christmas list and have fun so that when I'm putting together these kind of playlists for friends or whatever I'm thinking, I want them to just have fun.


Let's give them something that will bring a little joy to in the holidays. 'cause the holidays can be stressful for a lot of people. Yeah. And we got some songs about that too, that you've chosen. Yeah, We have that too. We do have That. If you're not, there will be some sad songs. Alright, I wanna start with something from your list that I really love that I hadn't heard before. 'cause I wanted to get off to a really strong start. So we're starting with a song that you wrote and recorded called Fat Man's Coming. Now most Santa Claus songs are so ho, ho, ho, cheery. This one is like high drama. It sounds like the theme song for an opening like dramatic film.


Tell me how and why you wrote this song. Well, continuing on from our previous conversation, I sometimes have a tendency to take things a little bit literally. So I look at the whole Santa phenomena and said, well, what if I just describe this exactly as what's happening? Here's a, here's a stranger who's sneaking, breaking into your house basically, and leaving packages and dressed in a rather strange outfit. And I thought, what if I just write that, do that? The arrangement is by a guy named Derek Bischoff that, that I'd worked with before. And his arrangement is pretty incredible.


Really kind of catches the flavor of when I'm getting this sort of slightly ominous, despite my description of what Santa's up to as being pretty accurate. It sounds more like a home invasion. Yes. Yes. The arrangement gives it the appropriate mood. Absolutely. Let's hear it. This is David Burns. Fat Man's coming, Coming from the Land of the Ice and snow. A rolly man in the dark. He is riding. Everybody know that he's, everybody knows that the coming in, everybody says that You can, people say it's just my imagination.


Everybody creep into your Before you. So that was David Burns song, fat Man's Coming with David, of course, singing Lead and An Orchestration by Jared bi.


I I really love that. I hope you do more of that kind of like high drama song with, with Jared Bishop. Bishop Orchestrations. Okay. So the next song we should play from your playlist is the Pogue's song Fairytale of New York. And the Front Man of the Pogue, Shane McGowan died very recently. So we should just acknowledge him and, and, and play this song. It's a great song. I I know it's a favorite of a lot of people. Tell us why you chose this and what the song means to you. It's a great song. He, he's a great songwriter.


It's a duet with Christie McCall, somebody that I've worked with on, on a couple of records, and it's incredibly moving. It kind of brings you to tears every time you hear it. He paints a picture of this bickering couple that actually loved one another, very much immigrants who've come to New York and are finding a hard time of it, getting their footing. And she's accusing him of all these promises that he made to her about how great New York would be. And they're all broken promises. It's not been great, But it, it, it's the way he's telling this, the things she's accusing him of.


He's sort of singing about himself, his, you know, unreliability and drunkenness and everything else. So it's, yeah, it's very moving. So let's hear it. This is the Pogue's Fairy Tale of New York recorded in 1987 Was Christ on and I s so when They got cars big as bars, they got rivers of gold, but the windows right through you.


It's no place for the old 21st At my Hand on the gold Christmas Eve. You've promised me Broadway was waiting for me. You're Handsome. You were pretty queen. I knew you sitting when the bun finished Playing, they fell love from our was swinging are the they were singing. We kiss down the corner then dance through the night. The swinging And the bow Are for a Christmas day. Oh my God. It's like heartbreaking from the first verse. Yeah.


'cause he's, he's in, he's in jail because he was drunk in public. Yeah. So I don't think there were like bitter Christmas songs like this when you were growing up. I know. There wasn't when I was growing up. No, no. It was during the sixties and seventies. I think that, I remember there being songs, songs that sort of criticize Christmas as far as talking about inequality and the emphasis on consumerism and things like that. You started to hear those kind of songs. Was Talking Heads ever asked to do a Christmas album?


No. No, no. No one thought of that. And, and did you ever release a Christmas album on your label? The Waka bop? No. No. I, I'm on one hand Christmas songs are perennial if you do one that people like as, as we all know, every year you hear it again, it starts getting played again and again and again for a few weeks and then it's gone again. But it comes back. So you're kind of, you're set for your song royalties or whatever, but if it doesn't click, if it doesn't click, you've just got this embarrassing thing That will only be viable for a month.


Yes. Only viable for a month and then will be completely forgotten. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so moving on. We've got another song about Christmas in the city. And this is, this is a classic. This is one of those songs that does get played every Christmas and it's James Brown's Santa Claus goes straight to the ghetto. Tell us why you chose this. It's a, it's a, it's a classic. And this was during the period where James Brown was actually starting to make some social commentary in some of his, his songs. But even though he's making this kind of pointed commentary about economics and inequality and he can't help it, put it to a funky beat.


So he, there, there's a joy in the Funky Beat and how, how danceful it is that in a way is a response to the criticism and the lyrics. Yeah. You could easily dance to this. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so here's James Brown, Santa Claus. Go straight to the ghetto Santa Claus, go straight to the ghetto, Hit up your ER And go straight to the ghetto. Santa Claus. Go straight to the ghetto, fill every stock in.


You Find the kids are gonna love you. So, ah, leave a But Johnny leave a dog for Mary. Leave something fruity. But Donny, And don't forget about Gary Santa Claus. Go straight to the Ghe Santa Claus. Go straight to the Ghetto. Tell him James Brown sent you. Go straight to the ghetto.


You know that I know what you'll see Because that was once Me hit it, hit it. The Santa Claus goes straight to the ghetto, one of the recordings, the Christmas recordings that David Byrne has brought with him today to play for us. So yeah, that, that's a great recording. You brought several songs that are pretty sad and depressing Christmas songs, so The holidays are hard. Yeah. What's hard for you about the holidays Or What was hard for you about the holidays? I've, I've had holidays where I've been completely alone.


By choice or by, No, no, not exactly by choice. It wasn't like, oh, I don't wanna see anyone. It was just like everybody was gone and I was left eating a Turkey TV dinner. I was like, I'm really pulling at the heartstrings there. But yeah. And that happens to quite a lot of people, but also, I don't know what it is. Maybe it's year end, maybe it's just this kind of enforced joy that we're supposed to feel that people kind of feel like, wait a minute, you're not gonna, you can't tell me to be happy. And we have James Murphy and LCD sound system doing this all called Christmas Will Break Your Heart, which in some cases is very, very true.


Yeah, this is a great recording. I hadn't heard it before, so I'm really glad you brought it. So here's LCD Sound System with James Murphy. Christmas will break your heart. Christmas Will break your heart. If your world is feeling small and there's no one on your phone, you feel close enough to call, Christmas will crush your soul like that laid back, rock and roll.


But your body's getting old and it's much too tired to be so bold. Christmas can wreck your head like, so you refuse to leave your bed and get when checks will your heart. Like the once the, but still Not many Christmas songs have Christmas will Crush Your Soul in the lyrics.


Yeah, But it's a great song. I really like it a Lot. And James doesn't sing that often, so it's a nice thing. Do you Often feel like everyone else is having a better time than you are on Christmas? I mean, I've, I certainly Not, not so much anymore, but I used to feel like that I, I used to feel like I felt that way, feel there, this kind, look, they really are getting the kind of all the joy and they're going to parties and whatever they're doing. And I thought, hmm, I'm not sure I'm totally down with all this. Do you ever perform on Christmas? I think I have. And then on New Year's Eve I've done that. Those are especially New Year's Eve can be a very lucrative performance date.


It gets you off the hook of having to have a good time. Yes. You just go, okay, that's done. I provided the entertainment. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And now yes, I'll have a drink and go home. Yeah. The next song I wanna play David, is I think the saddest Christmas song I've ever heard. It doesn't get much sadder than this. And this is a, a Prince Christmas song called Another Lonely Christmas. You wanna tell us about why you chose this one? Oh, to cheer us up. Yeah. This is to cheer everyone. Wow. Yeah. Prince is amazing. Yes. And, and I, yeah, I thought, wait a minute, didn't he do a Christmas song?


But it's Yeah, but he gave it the twist of being like incredibly sad Christmas song, echoing LCD sound system and some of the others. It's kind of like if you're alone for the holidays It is. Yeah. It is deeply sad. And he's alone because his girlfriend died on Christmas Day several years ago. Yeah. You find that out deeper in the song. Yeah. Yes. He's milking it there. Yeah. Yeah. But he sounds so good on this. Yeah. Yeah. He really gives it a, it's a real vocal workout. Okay. So if you're in the mood for a sad Christmas song, David Byrne has one for you. And here it is. Prince is Another Lonely Christmas To Say, you Me said it was Stretched.


If you're just joining us, my guest is David Byrne and he is co-founder and was the front man of Talking Heads, and he's brought with him a Christmas playlist for us. So we'll hear more Christmas songs chosen by David Byrne after we take a short break. This is Fresh Air.


Hey, it's Tanya Moseley. It's almost the end of the year, and this is the season when we here at NPR, come to you as a nonprofit news organization and ask for your support. Maybe you're already an NPR plus supporter and if so, thank you so much. But if you've never given to public media before or not in a while, please consider it now because supporting public radio is a great way to show what matters to you. You wanna stay informed about what's going on in your community and around the world. You want to know where to turn for information you can trust and to hear perspectives that challenge your opinions. And believe me, I get it. Sometimes you wanna tune out from the news and just hear about the beautiful things in life. Like artists, musicians, and actors who bring us joy, whose work can also challenge us. NPR gives you that space to experience all of it. The Fresh Air Team is like a cultural machine. We love spending our time following investigative journalists who are covering important issues, reading the latest books, watching the latest movies and documentaries, and listening to music that spans across time to bring you conversations with everyone from Selena Gomez and Bridgette Everett to music legends like John Bon Jovi and Michael McDonald. Together we can do even more in 2025. The easiest way to support Fresh Air and NPR network stations across the country is to sign up for NPR Plus, it's a reoccurring donation that gets you special perks for more than 25 NPR podcasts, including sponsor free listening bonus episodes, behind the scenes content, and even exclusive and discounted items from the NPR shop and the NPR Wine Club. It only takes a few minutes to sign up and you can do it right now@plus.npr.org. Here at Fresh Air, you'll hear exclusive weekly bonus episodes that dig deep into our storied archive of interviews, giving you unprecedented access to all 40 plus years of our show wherever you listen to podcasts. Thank you again for being a critical part of our public media community. Join NPR plus@plus.npr.org.


This message comes from Sony Pictures Classics with the Room next door, the new film by Pedro Almodovar starring Julianne Moore and Tilda Swinton. After years go by, two friends meet again in an extreme but sweet situation now playing in select theaters.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management and advice. When you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on Think or swim. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


This message comes from Xfinity. Do you know how many devices the average home has connected to their wifi network? Hint, it's a lot. Xfinity knows this number is growing by the year. That's why they engineered their gateways to handle hundreds of connected devices, all to keep us connected to the good stuff. Streaming, gaming, internetting and more Xfinity bring on the good stuff. Restrictions apply, not available in all areas.


This message comes from Better Help this holiday season. Do something for a special person in your life. You give yourself the gift of better mental health, better Help Online Therapy connects you with a qualified therapist via phone, video, or live chat. It's convenient and affordable and can be done from the comfort of your own home. Having someone to talk to is truly a gift, especially during the holidays. Visit better help.com/npr to get 10% off your first month.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. Let's get back to my interview with David Byrne, the co-founder and front man of the band Talking Heads. He's put together a playlist of his favorite Christmas songs for us and he's here to play and talk about them. So I asked him about one of the songs he chose who took the Mery out of Christmas by the Staples Singers. The Staples are basically a, a gospel group. They have secular hits, but they come out of the gospel and the civil rights tradition. And so here they're talking about who took the Marriot of Christmas. But I think they're also talking about who forgot about the real meaning of Christmas. Yeah. Sometimes when I hear this song, I think instead of Mary M-E-R-R-Y, they're singing MARY.


They're talking about the biblical story. Who took the Merry Christmas? People all over the world forgot about Mary Trying to make it to Mars. Search, Search the world, forgot about toys.


Make believe he love baby boy. Make believe he's, That is really catchy. Yeah, thank you for bringing that. Did you spend any Christmases in church? Oh, I probably did. I, my parents went to church when I was young. It one point, I remember they went to a Methodist church, which didn't have a lot of singing and then they switched over to Unitarian. I asked my my dad, why did you all switch? And he said, the music's better.


What music was it? Was it like guitar and No, it wasn't. There Was that period in church when it was like very folky. Yes, there was that period. This was not that this was going the other way. They had like full on choirs and classical musicians playing. I mean, it was kind of incredible. So moving on, this is another anxiety, this is like an anxiety Christmas song. It's Paul Simon getting ready for Christmas Day. Tell us why this one's on your list. A couple of reasons. I'm Paul Simon fan, especially his more recent records. I don't know, the last five records or so I think are some of the best things he's ever done to my understanding.


They're a little bit underappreciated. And this is part of a long and continuing tradition of Jewish songwriters writing Christmas songs. Irving Berlin wrote White Christmas and Phil Specter did a Christmas record. Just a pretty long list, I think. And it's a song that starts off like, hey, hey, we're all excited, we're getting ready for Christmas. And then it talks about somebody who got deployed to Iraq. His a nephew. Yeah, a nephew got deployed to Iraq and all these other things. It's quite a sobering thoughts, but those are the kind of things that people think about during the holidays. And musically, this is another really like danceable song.


It sounds like it's gonna be a joyful upbeat song, but lyrically it's the opposite. Yeah, that's kind of what he does though, have these perky, peppy songs sometimes and then kind of it undercut the lyrics, undercut it. There's a, a sample in the song, which there's A lot of samples in the song I read on a website, and I can't vouch for whether this is true or not, but according to that website, the sample was recorded in 1941 at the last sermon by pre-war American Christian preacher and gospel singer Reverend JM Gates. Oh, he's a well-known, he is a well-known preacher too. Is he?


I, yeah, I'm not familiar with him. So this may or may not be true. I hesitate as a journalist to put this question mark on the air, but that's what it says on this website. But it's, it's, it's a song website. Yeah. Okay. Should we hear it? Yes. Okay. Here's Paul Simon getting ready for Christmas. I only, I know Santa Claus is coming to town In The days day in the night, but it all comes down to Ready, ready Christmas Day, Getting ready for Christmas.


He getting not only that, he's right for you. That's true. Christmas Day and not on for the in the police folks. Now for Christmas Day, I want you in Any third, but it Pakistan Up in your mind.


Oh, a kind of really contradictory song again between the joyfulness of the music and, and the sadness and anxiety of the lyric. That was Paul Simon getting ready for Christmas. So we have another like Christmas heartbreak song here and, and this is Alexander 23 and Leve. So tell us about them and why you chose this song. I don't know. Alexander 23. I'm familiar with Leve. She's Icelandic and does songs that sound like they were written before the rock and roll era? It's kind of like the throwback to the kind of older school of Christmas songs, But much sadder.


Yeah, but much sadder. Yes. Okay, so this is in Christmas and let's hear it. I bought you present, but you'll, you goodbyes this. Oh, so I went to the furnace, thought maybe I burn it. My heart is a try. I can't even return it. The most wonderful time is breaking my heart.


So tell me this Christmas, who keep you warm? Who puts your down on the floor under the tree that you bought with me? Watch all those movies that we both have seen hundreds of times. We know every line, but it's not about that, it's about the time together on Christmas. So this Christmas ain Christmas, I make cookies for like you to do, but I got sad that I ate one and two, so please Mood for Christmas.


Do with now. I I really like that song and, and the way they do it with a male and female singer. It sounds like they're both yearning for each other, but they've broken up and they should get back together. Exactly. Yes. I'm gonna burn your present, but you can tell she really thought, why couldn't this have worked out? You Know? Yeah. 'cause they love the same films. If you're just joining us, my guest is David Byrne and he is co-founder and was the front man of Talking Heads, and he's brought with him a Christmas playlist for us. So we'll hear more Christmas songs chosen by David Byrne after we take a short break.


This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Intuit need a software solution to simplify the complexities of your growing business. Transform how you manage with Intuit Enterprise Suites powerful automation and core suite of tools for financial management, payment processing, payroll, hr, bill, pay, marketing, and third party integrations. It's how a growing business keeps growing. Visit intuit.com/enterprise to learn more money Movement services by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed by NY dfs.


This message comes from Viking, committed to exploring the world and comfort journey through the heart of Europe on an elegant Viking long ship with thoughtful service, destination focused dining and cultural enrichment on board and on shore. And every Viking voyage is all inclusive with no children and no casinos. Discover more@viking.com.


This message comes from Jackson. Seek clarity in retirement planning@jackson.com. Jackson is short for Jackson Financial, Inc. Jackson National Life Insurance Company, Lansing, Michigan, and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York, purchase New York.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with David Byrne. And it's a special Christmas presentation he's brought with him his playlist of his favorite Christmas songs, which he's playing for us. Getting back to your playlist, since we've heard some songs about heartbreak and death, I thought let's lighten it up and play a song from your playlist that's just about the enjoyment of shopping for Christmas. Yes. And I don't know if this is meant to be ironic, but it really is about let's go shopping. Yeah. And tell us why you chose this song. It's from 1983. It's a sentiment that I might view with suspicion or assume was meant ironically, but it's a song about shopping, about the joy of shopping by a man named Joseph Washington Jr.


Whom I'm completely unfamiliar with. But I thought, oh my goodness, what is, somebody's tackling this in a kind of onic way. I'm unfamiliar with him too, but it's a fun song. So let's hear it. I'm and I going shopping, shopping downtown every time Christmas comes around time shopping, traffic jam, it's tap shopping, and I got Christmas together.


I'm gonna buy presents for my love, for my friends, for my family, for everyone. So good to me. I'm going shopping, I'm going shopping, shopping, shopping. And I, I'm gonna, my family, everyone that's, I'm, I'm voting for that.


It's not ironic because he's talking about the joy of buying gifts for people who you care about. Yes. And, and kind of going downtown, mingling with all the other shoppers who are, everybody's kind of doing, engaged in the same kind of activity. Do you buy a lot of gifts or have you kind of like signed off of that? I kind of signed off on it. I, I, but I often, I, I wanna buy something for someone when I see the thing that so and so would love that then get it for them. Also, as an adult, there's always this fear as you're opening a gift that it's gonna be something you know you want to give away 'cause you don't need it and you don't have room for it.


And someone's looking at your face expression and going, Hmm. Exactly. Exactly. I remember a gift I gave to one of my parents and they opened it and they said, take it back. I don't need it. Oh, It's the thought that counts. Yeah, I know. I was, I was going to mention that. So I wanna end with a song that's actually a song that's really about Christmas. It's one of the carols, but it's an old song. It's from like the 1840s. It's Oh Holy Night. And this is one of the songs that, it's just a beautiful song. It's a beautiful melody in the part that goes fall on your knees.


There's some chord behind that part that is just, it's kind of gripping a, a recent version that I really like a lot is by Samara Joy and she won like two Grammys this year for Best Jazz Vocal album and Best New Artist. And this is a song with her family. 'cause her family all sang gospel music and she's singing lead on it. And her father who performed with the Gospel star Andre Crouch, her father both sang and played bass, I think. Anyways, he sings on it too. Do you, do you like this song, David? Yeah. Yeah.


I'm, I haven't heard this version, so I'm really looking forward to this usually. Usually the versions I hear are very kind of cleaned up and very pristine and this sounds like it's gonna be, have a little bit more passion in it. Yeah. Okay, let's hear it. This is Samara Joy and the McClendon family. Holy Night. The Stars are, it is the Night of Our Long Lay the World and Sin and Till He Appeared and the Souls The Re When Christ was born.


Oh, What'd you Think? Wow. That's what, yeah, very moving. Yeah, incredibly moving. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. And then I noticed some little kind of musical songwriting things like she sneaks in an extra measure when she holds out a note. Oh, I hadn't noticed that. Yeah. Little things that where you go, oh, I see. Is that just, yeah, That's the kind of thing you would notice. I guess so, yeah. Yeah. So that Samara Joy song was a song that I chose, but other than that, the songs we've been hearing Today, we chosen by David Byrne.


It's his Christmas playlist. And David, I'm so grateful to you for coming back on the show and doing this. It's been so much fun and you've introduced me to songs I didn't know and performers I didn't know. I knew some of them, but not all of them. So thank you for that. I personally thank you for that and I wish you happy holidays and Thank you. Same to you. Happy holidays. Thank you. Hope you make it through the holidays. Yeah. David Byrne and his Christmas playlist recorded last year. You can find and listen to the Christmas playlist that he put together for us on our website, Fresh Air dot npr.org, or in the show notes on the podcast, David Byrne co-founded and fronted the band Talking Heads, the restored version of the Band's 1984 concert film, stop Making Sense, is available for rent or purchase on various streaming platforms after we take a short break.


The best films of 2024 as chosen by our film critic, Justin Chang, who is also a film critic for the New Yorker. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Capital One offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank. Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities@capitalone.com slash commercial A member FBI C.


This message comes from Progressive Insurance, where drivers who save by switching save nearly $750 on average. Get your quote@progressive.com and see if you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average 12 month savings of $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary.


This message comes from the John d and Catherine t MacArthur Foundation, recognizing extraordinarily creative individuals with a track record of excellence. More information on this year's MacArthur Fellows is@macfound.org. This is Fresh Air. Our film critic Justin Chang, spent a lot of 2024 in movie theaters at film festivals, and in front of his tv he says that it was all in all a stronger year for movies from around the world than it was for Hollywood. Here's his list of the best movies of 2024. It's often said that December for film critics is like tax season for accountants. This is our crunch time when we try to take stock of the past 12 months worth of movies and determine our favorites.


Good luck getting us to agree on anything earlier this month. The New York film Critics Circle gave its best picture award to the brutalist Brady Corbett's sweeping post-war drama about a Hungarian Jewish architect's American rebirth. A few days later, the Los Angeles Film Critics Association of which I'm a member, gave its top prize to a Nora Sean Baker's madly entertaining farce about a Brooklyn sex worker. It says something about the quality of the movies this year that as much as I like an Nora and the Brutalist, both titles landed just outside my own personal list of favorites. Here then are the 10 no 11 best movies of 2024.


My number one movie of the year is, close Your Eyes, the latest from the legendary Spanish filmmaker Victor Ese, who's best known for his 1973 Classic. The Spirit of the Beehive. Close Your Eyes as the first feature He's directed in roughly three decades, and it's an intensely personal work about a long retired filmmaker trying to solve the mystery of what happened to an old friend who vanished years earlier. What begins as a kind of cinephile detective story gradually morphs into an emotionally transcendent drama about the power of love, the agony of loss, and the pleasures of getting lost in the movies.


The next two movies on my list are both indictments of corporate greed with faintly apocalyptic vibes. Do not expect too much from the end of the world is a bracingly foulmouthed comedy from the Romanian director Radu Judah, about an underpaid production assistant. Driving from one thankless gig to the next evil does not exist is Ruske Hamma. Gucci's haunting follow-up to his Oscar winning Drive My car. It's set in a remote Japanese village that comes under environmental threat from the construction of a glamping site. Up next are the two most daring and inventive American movies I saw all year.


One of them is a different man, Aaron Berg's, audacious and assured horror comedy starring Sebastian Stan as a man whose face is covered with tumors due to a genetic condition called neurofibromatosis. He experiences a miraculous recovery, which is when his nightmare really begins. The other terrific American movie on my list is Nickel Boys. Ramel Ross's stunning adaptation of Colson Whitehead's novel about two black boys living in horrific conditions at a reform school in the Jim Crow South. In this scene, one boy's grandmother, beautifully played by ingenue Ellis Taylor is heartbroken and not being allowed to see him.


She expresses her sadness to one of his friends and asks him to please give her grandson a package of letters. They told me that he can't have visitors. I just put you, please put you please. Yes ma'am, I came all this way. It's a crime, but they won't let me see him. That's a crime. What kind of place is this that they won't let me see him?


My next two favorite movies put an enchanting modern spin on ancient myths in Laki Mera, the Italian director, Aliche Roacher riffs on the tail of Orpheus and Uri as a Tomb Raider in the Tuscan countryside, Josh O'Connor has never been better. The other one is music. A brilliant rethink of Oedipus Rex from the German director. Angela lik her storytelling is enigmatic to the point of baffling, but it's also moving beyond words. Next on my list is No other land, a searing documentary from a collective of four filmmakers to Palestinian and to Israeli who chronicled the demolition of homes in the occupied West Bank.


It has yet to find a US distributor. Despite having won numerous prizes at festivals and from critics groups, no other land would make a harrowing double bill. With my next movie Green Border, a ripped from the headlines drama that embroils us in the chaos at the Polish Belarusian border. The veteran Polish director on Eska Holland has spent much of her long career depicting the plight of refugees in wartime Green Border is one of her very best. The last two movies on my list illuminate the lives of their women characters with rigorous realism. All we imagine as light is a quietly shimmering drama about three Mumbai women who find solidarity in the face of societal repression.


It confirms the Indian Director Py Cap Padia as a remarkable new talent. And last on my list is Hard truths in which the great English director Mike Lee reunites with the actor Marianne Jean Baptiste, almost 30 years after they work together on secrets and lies. All I'll say about it is that Jean Baptist gives the greatest performance I've seen in ages, and it will be watched and remembered long after this year is over. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. His list can be found on our website, Fresh Air dot npr.org. The new Bob Dylan biopic opens Christmas Day.


Tomorrow we'll feature two related interviews from our archive. An interview with folk singer Pete Seeger, who's played in the film by Edward Norton and one with Bruce Springsteen, who was called the new Bob Dylan early in his recording career and later inducted Dylan into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. I hope you'll join us. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Anne Aldona, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Childer, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producer is Molly CV Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross. All of us wish you a Merry


Christmas. This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer, registered investment advisor, member S sipc,


support for NPR and the following message come from Saatva. Saatva. Luxury mattresses are every bit as elegant as the most expensive brands, but because they're sold online, they're about half the price. Visit s aa tva.com/ NPR and save an additional $200.


This message comes from GiveWell. GiveWell provides rigorous transparent research about the best giving opportunities so that donors can make informed decisions about high impact giving. To learn more, go to givewell.org and pick podcast and enter NPR at checkout.