
This message is from NPR sponsor Total Wine and More this summer season with so many bottles to choose from, it's easy to find your favorite and more. Find what you love and love what you find. Only at total wine and more drink responsibly. B 21.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Tanya Mosley. And our guest today is Ebon Moss Backrack. He's won two consecutive Emmy awards for playing the role of Richie in the FX series, The Bear The Show, which has won 21 Emmys Altogether returns this week for its fourth season. Moss Backrack spoke to Fresh Airs. Annemarie Baldonado. When we first meet the character Richie in The Bear, he's loud, abrasive, and ornery. We get the sense that he's like this all the time, but he's also dealing with the recent death of his best friend and business partner Michael and the return of Michael's younger brother Carmi Carmi left Chicago to work at the world's best restaurants and now he wants to transform the neighborhood sandwich shop Richie used to run with Michael.


Here's e Moss Backrack as Richie with Jeremy Allen, white as Carmi and Iowa De s Sydney from the first episode of the series. Hold on, let listen. Let's just have a conversation for a second. Whoa. Is this, this Is Sydney. I'm starting today. You're wedding today. I'm Sydney. She's helping us out today. Cousin, you ordering different mayonnaise? Brona bananas? No. All you chef? Yeah, all you chef this Biff, he was using them to make a giant nutball. It was a play on a panton. It would've been beautiful If you let me finish it. Alright, Richie, Jere. MoVI. Pleasure to meet you sweetheart. Say Sweethearts you car. You're so woke. I meant nothing. Buy it. Sydney saying Sweetheart's just part of our Italian heritage. That's beautiful. Corner. Okay, listen, I'm trying to talk to you.


Okay. Don't be rude and start doing a million things like I'm smart right now to take care of your mom for Don't I got all kinds of receipts from my divorce lawyer backing up? 'cause all the time I've been trying to put your family back together. 'cause you're too much of a gonna come home. The guys are texting me. You're telling 'em to do all sorts of weird backwards. Don't do that Carmen. Don't go messing with our heads and ordering different mayonnaise and hiring new bras without talking to me first. This is your brother's house. Okay. Yeah. Remember I was running it fine without you. Why didn't he leave it to you? Then, As the show goes on, the viewers grow to love Richie learning all the ways that he's hurting, which include the end of his marriage and his worry about losing a relationship with his young daughter.


Moss Backrack has won two Emmy awards for best supporting Actor in a comedy series for playing Richie. He played Desi on the TV series, girls and starred in shows including and or, and The Punisher. He's also appeared in many plays and films over the decades and next month. He co-stars in the next big Marvel film, the Fantastic Four for Steps. Ebon Moss. Backrack, welcome to Fresh Air. Thanks. Thank you. I know that you're very protective of the characters that you play, so I want you to know, I mean this in the best possible way. I think that Richie is the character I've done the most dramatic 180 on maybe ever.


We just heard Richie from the beginning of the series, but as a show goes on, I know I'm not alone when I say that we are rooting for Richie, I feel that in many ways he's the heart of the show, which is a testament to the writing and to your performance. What did you know early on about the journey that Richie was gonna take? I knew that this was a man who was suffering, who was finding himself in a world that he didn't really recognize anymore, who felt under threat back against the wall, kind of, you know, trying to grab anything that was, could keep him afloat and somebody in that position.


I think that kind of a part can hold a lot of volatile, dangerous, spontaneous behavior. Sort of like a lot can be justified by somebody who's fighting for their survival. And then as, as, as somebody who's like at a certain point in my life, you know, I also related to this guy of just seeing, you know, so many things that I loved in my neighborhood, in my city, changing and seeing things, everything becoming a bank, you know, I, I really related to him in that way. I will say that The Bear can be a pretty stressful watch. You know, there's yelling often adrenaline always, and there's, you know, this anxiety that pulses throughout a lot of the time.


What is it like to film? Does it feel that pitched as you're doing it? Does it feel that like high octane? It's funny for me to think about like a set that would be like how the, how, how the scenes are. Like they call cut and then everyone's screaming at each other and putting out the cigarettes that were in the scene and then lighting up cigarettes that they're gonna smoke in between takes. No, I mean, to make something that alive feeling in a way, I think, you know, it takes an enormous amount of rehearsal between the actors, between the actors and the camera department and the props department. Or like, we have such a deep and wonderful crew that, you know, it really requires a lot of sensitivity and listening.


I think the people involved in making The Bear listen a lot more than Richie Sydnee and Carmi. So it's a, it's a very loving, fun, calm, well run set. I wanna play a scene from season three of the show. The restaurant is getting off the ground, but both Richie and Carmi are still battling. They've just had a huge fight on the first day of service for friends and family and they really yelled hateful things at each other. The character Richie even calls Carmi Didi, which is car's mom's name and calling. That may be one of the biggest insults Richie could give because you know that mom is pretty, you know, troubled.


Yeah. Anyway, they're trying to get back on track and have the restaurant be successful, but they have different ideas about how to do that. So here's the scene. Hey Chef Sid, have you seen my iron also? When you have a sec, would you ask Chef Carmen what the do with my tables up Front? Chef Sid, would you please tell Richard that I thought I would set him up for success and arrange his tables in a more efficient pattern? Is that what you do? Yes, that's what I did. It was really funny. I, I walked in and it was so strange. It looked like the person who had done it previously had never left the city of Chicago. I can leave the city of Chicago out of it. Zero flow, no efficiency. If so, I thought I'd give you a hand. Chef said, would you tell Chef Carmen that?


I can give him a hand if he Wants. He wants to gimme a he can gimme. I just might suggest that, that the both of you stop. 'cause 'cause I don't like this at all. Said it's fine. Chef Carmen uses power phrases 'cause he's a baby replicant who's not self-actualized, which is maybe why he repeatedly referred to me as a loser. Richie, I apologize. No, No, no. It's all good. I don't need your apology. I know how you feel now. Also, I respect your honesty and bravery from inside a locked vaults. You know what? Matter of fact, chef Sydney, I don't remember Richard apologizing for all the shit. He was Literally screaming at me while I was, Was like, I love you. Nope. What? You know what out there? That's my dojo. It's rearranged without my approval or consent. It creates an environment of fear. And fear does not exist in that dojo.


Richard, I added more two tops. 'cause all those four tops were nonsense. Okay. You added the four tops in the first place. I moved the flowers because Jesus Christ. That was a lot of flowers. Those flowers apologizing. And you're screaming. Am I? Yeah. Yeah you are. Oh yeah, that's is it? Is it rich? Rich? You wanna get shut up please. Sorry, Syd. It's just textbook sublimation. You seen it once. You've seen it a thousand times. I actually Don't know what to do right now. That's a scene from season three of The Bear with Io de Jeremy Allen White and Ebon Moss Backrock. When a scene is like that with that much screaming, is it written that way?


Or are you sort of improvising how you approach the arguing That scene to quote Walter in the Big Lebowski eight year olds? Dude, that scene was as written. I mean, you know, at this point in, in Richie's life, you know, he's trying to do some work. He's reading some self-help books and I, you know, I don't really have that kind of vernacular at my disposal, like, you know, all the self actualization and I'm sure there, there were some changes in words from take to take, but yeah, I wouldn't call it like improvising. I wanna ask you about a few beloved episodes of the show.


One is from season two called Fishes, which was a flashback episode going back five years before Michael's death and the changes at the restaurant. And we learn about their family, the Burdo family. The episode takes place on Christmas. It's a Christmas family dinner. And for those of us who grew up in families where there's a lot of yelling, friction and also alcoholism, this episode is so good, but it can be triggering. And I know you say, you know, your favorite episodes of The Bear take place with the family of the restaurant, the staff that works there. But this episode has this impressive group of guest actors like Jamie Lee Curtis as the matriarch of the family.


There's also Bob Odenkirk, Sarah Paulson, John Mullaney, Gillian Jacobs, and some of the rest of the regular cast members. What was it like filming this episode? Was it as frenetic to film as it was to watch? Yeah, we shot this over two days. It was different. All of a sudden there was SUVs on set and they, and the food was a lot better. That was kind of different. I think that they, they rolled out the red carpet a little bit for, for all of our esteemed guest stars that, that that week. Yeah, I mean, it's funny because, you know, these were actors that, you know, were, they're, they're so high powered and we all know their work so well, but then they were guests on our set.


And one thing I've noticed over the, you know, the years that I've done this is like no matter how experienced you are and how many sets you've walked onto, it is always a little bit nervous and you feel a little bit shy, or I feel a little bit shy every time I walk onto a new set. And so I was sort of observing these incredibly talented actors go experience that. And I was, I don't know, I think at least for my part, I was very empathetic and trying to make everybody feel at home. And welcome. There's an episode that's focused on Richie's character called Forks, and it's great and it sort of marks a transition for Richie where he seems to find new purpose.


It's season two, they're trying to open the restaurant and Carmi has sent your character Richie to train at another restaurant, one that's called one of the best restaurants in the world. I've read that you found filming this episode to be Lonely. It's a quieter episode and you're really the only member of the regular cast. And it, what was it like filming this one? Yeah, I found, I mean, I found it lonely in a way. I thought the lighting was cold. It had a very different color to it than the rest of our episodes. There's usually a real warmth in The Bear, and this one felt kind of blue and austere almost like a, like an operating room.


I mean, I really love the people I work with and my favorite scenes to shoot like we sit are like the group scenes where, you know, I'm talking with, with Liza and, and Lionel and Edwin and everyone's sort of talking over each other and there's this, this, this shorthand. And here I was without any of those kind of hallmarks of the, of the experience that I'd grown to love and was, was looked forward to. And I was working with all new actors. I remember the, the layout of this restaurant was so confusing. I could never find what, like, where the bathroom was or where my little chair, I carved out some little, I put my chair in like some corner where I could sort of be alone and look at my lines and think about scenes and stuff.


And I could never find my way back to it. I was just confused. I think most of the time I think that comes out in the episode actually, that darkness and that confusion. Yeah, I mean, it's an episode that I don't, I've seen it once kind of through, you know, like squinting eyes behind hands, just, it's just a lot of me for me to take in, you know, to be honest, One thing that's heartbreaking about Richie is how he mourns the end of his marriage. And because of flashbacks, we know that it seems like on the timeline, as recently as five years ago, Richie and his wife were together. They were about to have a baby and they were very much together.


But by the time we meet Richie, five years later, his marriage is over and his ex-wife is with someone else. And I wanna play a scene from that episode. Forks Richie is working at the Michelin Star restaurant for that week. He's taking a break and gets a phone call from his ex-wife, played by Gillian Jacobs. Hey. Hey, how are you? I'm, I'm great. I'm great. You know what's going on? Is he okay? No, she's great. She's totally great. Yeah. Oh, yo, Jimmy, I got those Taylor Swift ticks.


You did? Yeah, Because I'm ba Oh, she's gonna be so excited. I know, right? That's incredible. Actually, I got three If you wanna come, you know, you don't have to. No, no, no. It's, I I That's so sweet. That's so sweet. I, I just, I know you're really busy, so I wanted to just tell you something and it's a little bit hard to say. Okay. Are you all right? I'm fine. Yeah, I'm fine. I just want you to hear it from me. You What?


Frank proposed to me. What'd you say? I said yes. He is like a really good guy. That's great, TIV. Thank you. I and I want you to know that nothing's gonna gonna change between us. That's awesome. You know, and, and I love you. That's a scene from season two of The Bear. Will we learn more about what happened to their marriage in that relatively short period of time? Yeah. That scene Bear a comedy.


Yeah, that Scene seems Brutal. Gillian Jacob's such a, such a great actress. I love working with her. Unfortunately, most of our scenes are phone calls because they're, they don't have much of a relationship anymore. Actually. I do think there's a lot of tenderness there and she, she genuinely loves them. Do we learn more about what happened with them? We spend more time with them together as parents, as exes in terms of like a literal sense of like a flashback of the two of them. That's not something that we've shot. Do you do work to fill in what might have happened to them? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I spent a lot of time kind of daydreaming and thinking about these things and filling in the blanks.


And these are, these are thoughts and fantasies and ideas that I will never share. Understood. I think one thing that makes viewers love Richie is the way that he is with his daughter. Even though he's divorced, he's so devoted to her and doing the right thing by her and trying to be a good dad. Besides having what seems like a tough upbringing where he sort of, you know, so much so that he becomes part of the family that owned the restaurant. You have two daughters and I think that being a parent of girls can be very, a very specific parenting experience.


What did you wanna make sure that you brought to Richie as a father? I mean, some of the things that are, that are challenging for him and making it difficult for him to navigate his way through the world, like loyalty, honesty, in a way. You know, so these things I think are sometimes hindrances and sometimes, you know, they're really great qualities. And I wanted, I wanted to see the kind of converse of some of these things in, in his relationship with his daughter. Obviously he, you know, he's a dad that would doing anything for his daughter, like so many parents, like most parents, I would say.


And then he's really into her world and where he doesn't listen as well on the outside with her. He, I, his time with her is so limited that it's so valuable. And I think each minute is something that he really invests himself and tries to be present in a way that he's not when he's at the restaurant. I also, I don't know, I just enjoy doing scenes with that little actress so much. I think she's so great and we, I don't know. She's so fascinating. She's such a, she's such an eccentric young girl. There's a scene later in that episode where Richie has completely won everyone over at the fancy restaurant. He's really getting it and getting the value of his work, and he is driving home singing along to the Taylor Swift song love story.


And it's this great triumphant moment for Richie. How did that moment come about? Like, was that always the song I read? You weren't necessarily a swifty before you shot this. It's just such a great moment. Yeah, it is a great moment. I'm not gonna comment about my swifty or non swiftness, but I, it's, it's, it's, that's a minefield either way. It's just, it's, Sorry, it just doesn't feel for me. I'm sorry. I, I'm sorry. Yeah. I, I can't believe I did that to you. I'm sorry. Yeah, please, please, come on. But I think that scene is a great scene and I, it's so nice to spend just a few minutes, like singing something loudly and celebrating and, and having exuberance and, and, and, and dri you know, driving and, and singing along with a song that you love loudly.


I mean, that's such a visceral great kind of release. Something that we don't see that much, I think in movies and TV shows or certainly certainly stuff that I'm not being asked to do all that much. So yeah, I really enjoyed that evening. I love those speed bumps. I love the squeaks, the squeak of the suspension in the car, but that was always written with that scene. I'm sure it was a process, finding her, tracking her down, getting permission to use the song, but I don't really know about the, the, the details of that process. Well, there's something perfect about that song. 'cause it's like a triumphant young love story, which seems like an echo to Richie's story.


And then also just that he got her Taylor Swift tickets. That's like, I, I mean that's like dead of the year material, so I feel like it just wraps it all together. And then also as you're driving, you're still cursing as you're driving the character. Richie is still cursing at other drivers, which I think is also pretty Richie. Yeah. And you, what you couldn't see is all these, these Arby's, these empties Arby's cups in the backseat, just jumping up with every kind of speed bump, the, the chaos within the car. My guest is Eben Moss Backrack. The new season of The Bear Premieres this week more after a break. I'm Anne-Marie Baldonado and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.


This message comes from Ian's Travel Insurance. You've packed your bags, booked your flights, and you're all set for the beach resort vacation of your dreams. Then you see the nightmare weather forecast. You are hoping for hurricane cocktails, not an actual hurricane. Always make sure travel insurance is a part of your packing list. Trip cancellation benefits might be your silver lining when all you see is clouds. Learn more@allianztravelinsurance.com.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join joinm ID i.com.


Support for NPR comes from the Wallace Foundation, an independent non-partisan research foundation collaborating with grantees and partners in the arts school, leadership and youth development. more@wallacefoundation.org. This is Fresh Air. I'm Anne Marie Baldonado, back with actor Ebon Moss Backrack. He plays Richie on the FX Show of The Bear. Season four starts this week. Moss Backrack has won two Emmy awards for best supporting actor in a comedy series for the role he starred as Desi in the TV series Girls and was in shows including and or, and The Punisher. He started out as a stage actor and next year he'll make his Broadway debut in a stage production of Dog Day Afternoon.


Next month he stars as Ben Grim, AKA the thing in the new Marvel film, the Fantastic four First Steps. One of the first film roles you had was in the Wes Anderson film, the Royal Tenenbaums. You played a bellboy at the hotel where Royal Tenenbaum played by Gene Hackman, where he lives. Here's a little bit of that scene or all of that scene. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. There's a call for you, Mr. Tenenbaum. Who is it? Frederick. Mr. Pagoda. That's you in the Royal 10 Balls. What was it like being in this film? Was it one of the first times you were on a set and if that's true, what do you remember about it?


I re-watched that movie the other day. Oh. With one of my kids and God, it's such a good movie. Yes. I'm so happy to be a part of it. And even in this tiny, tiny little way. And I think finally enough time has gone by where I was like, you know what? I'm pretty good. That's Frederick the Bellhop. I'm okay. I'm okay. It was the second time I was on a set, probably my first time in such a fancy hotel. I remember mostly Wes Anderson's attention to detail. Him coming down like a tailor and sort of adjusting the hem of my pants, fixing my hair, adjusting my little pillbox hat.


I mean, I got that part because I had a like quite a good head of hair. Yeah. At the time you had kind of curly hair that comes out of the pillbox sort of at the bottom. Yeah, exactly. It kind of explodes. It's like a upside down volcano or something. Well, one of your breakout roles was in the TV show Girls. You started out as a guest star who is only gonna be in a few episodes, but then became a series regular. When viewers meet you, you're auditioning for a Broadway play and you meet the character Adam, who's played by Adam Driver, who's also auditioning and just starting out. And by the way, Desi is a successful actor.


You know, he auditioned for Broadway play and he got the role. How did you see Desi? I saw him as a little bit of a con man. Hmm. Really well put together on the outside, but a lot of crisis and chaos going on internally. A bit of a searcher. I feel like he was not committed necessarily to acting. He was a musician. I'm sure he painted. And a lot of maybe like clothing that if I'm being like really not charitable, like maybe pre distressed Yeah. Jeans. Yeah. A lot of pre distress denim. Yeah.


But also, you know, somebody that felt very deeply loved, deeply a baby. Yeah. A little bit. I wanna play a scene from girls here. Desi is a regular cast member and is now with the character Marni. They started out as a musical duo with some success. Eventually Marni and Desi get married, but they're also this musical duo to, in this scene, they're arguing about what music to use in their upcoming showcase for a record label, which is important to their future career as musicians. Here's the, here's the scene, it's preposterous. You know what?


We should open our showcase with this song. Mm. We only get two songs for the showcase. Yes. We get an opener and a closer and this should be our opener. Yeah. I mean, this is a great song. Thank You. But this is now one of our top two. What do you like better? Rattlesnake Cowgirl Hartford Sale. Whoa. Wow. Wonderful song for Marcus Garvey, WCA Blues co Capelli, Shelly. I mean, that's top six right there. Mm. Yeah, I know. I just feel like it's our chance to show some range. Okay. See what I think about the showcase. Yeah. We put our best foot forward. Agreed. And if half of our set is a syrup P love song, that's a total mislead babe. You know? But we sing love songs.


Not really. We sing like Modern American folk with an indie itch. I tell people that we're like she and him, but with actual romance, But we're nothing like she and him. We're not. Whoa, You're blowing my mind right now. Marni. We are nothing. I hope we're like she and him. My God, We are not. Are you kidding me right now? You're freaking me out. We are nothing like she and him. Okay. We are nothing like that band. How can we have completely different takes on the same band that we were both in? That is bizarre to me. I'm Starting to wonder if maybe you don't like up because I wrote it instead of you. No, I like this song that Are you sure I loved this song. Okay. What do you mean loved this song?


And then you told me that you're writing she and Hym songs and now like my whole, I gotta do a heavy rethink here. How about we talk about the partnership that I thought we were in, we a partnership whereas recently, no. Recently it's just been me writing while you tinker with your motorcycle. I'm, that's my, that's my mode of transportation. Marni. That is my mode of transportation. That Doesn't change, that doesn't change Anything. That's how I get That's weak, dude. That's my mode of transportation. That's a scene from girls. Did you watch Girls at the time when it was airing? I didn't, no. I watched a little bit of it the first season, but I also was, I was like so jealous that I wasn't, I really wanted to be a part of it and so it was complicated for me to watch it. It Was filming right there. It was filming like right by you.


Yeah, exactly. I would walk by and then once I was working on it, I wouldn't watch it much just because I didn't want it to sort of affect the way I was gonna continue to work on it. You know? I didn't, I didn't want it to make me self-conscious. What do you think of that scene? Oh my god, that scene is that. That list of songs is really, really funny. Let's take a short break and then we'll talk some more. My guest is Emmy award-winning actor Ebon Moss Backrack, his show The Bear Begins Its new season this week, more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from Dell Technologies. The new Dell IPC with in Telco Ultra helps fast forward through busy work leaving more time for you time. Get a new Dell IPC starting at 7 49 99 at Dell dot com slash ai dash pc.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Anne-Marie Baldonado, back with actor Ebon Moss Backrack next month. He stars in the new Marvel film, the Fantastic Four First Steps. He's won two Emmys for his portrayal of Richie on the FX show, The Bear Next Month. You truly enter your Marvel era. You've been in the Marvel universe before, but you're becoming a main character in the new movie. The Fantastic Four First Steps. You play the character Ben Grimm, who develops mutant Supernatural Powers and becomes the thing this first movie is coming out. And then you'll reprise your role in the two new upcoming Avenger films.


So you're definitely, you know, in for more than one movie. What was it like being in this film? Yeah, very different kind of part for me. I guess the biggest departure would be that it's, it's motion capture, performance capture. So I wear these groovy looking pajama kind of tights and top and then I have wires strapped to various points of my body. And then I have a helmet with kind of GoPro looking cameras, kind of on a little extended gimbals right in, right in front of my nose to sort of capture my, my eyes and my mouth and my facial expressions.


And where are you, do, what space are you in when you're doing this? I am in on the set, you know, and I haven't, I, I haven't seen the movie yet, but one thing I do know is that the, you know, the art department and the, and our production design is really spectacular. And so we, so they were really pretty incredible set builds, like things that I had never seen before that like reminded me of like o old style, like DW Griffith, kinda like movie making, huge big sprawling sets of New York and Times Square and, and the Lower East Side, incredible mid-century modern house that, that the fantastic for a living in. Yeah, so I'm just on all these really cool sets and very much involved as I would be, you know, I'm just in there with the, with the other people in the scene and I'm interacting with them and they're in, they're in costumes and I'm just sort of in this other strange techie kind of, you know, placeholder for will then be built around me, animated, you know, this much bigger Orange Rock guy.


Can you describe your character, Ben Grimm? Who is the thing, I'm not sure how much of the original story from the comic book series and from other movies are still part of this character. You know, people feel so strongly Yes. About, about this. You can't stray too far from the path, you gotta keep it pretty Canon. Ben is from the Lower East Side. He is from Yancy Street. Hmm. Which is maybe like a little bit like Delancey Street maybe. And he's a school friend of Reed Richards, he's a football player. He is a wrestler. He becomes a star pilot, really amazing pilot.


And Reed is this genius scientist that convinces Ben and his wife Sue and her brother to go up and to steal the ship and go into outer space. And there's like a storm, some kind of space storm and these gamma rays penetrate the ship and they all return changed forever. Ben is more changed because he has physically been altered. He has this new rock kind of dermis, which is so, he looks like a, like a monster and he doesn't change back and forth like the Hulk or anything. That's just how he is for the rest of his life with a couple of exceptions. Oh, that's right.


Yeah. You're a character stays as a rock. Yeah, that's really key to his psyche. I think. I haven't seen the Fantastic four yet, but I like that you're playing another character that has this rock exterior in this case literally he's made of rock. You've said that this acting compared to your other roles, it's almost like another job. I was thinking that you show so much emotion through your face and through your physicality. What did you mean that it's almost a different kind of job? What are other ways that it's different? I would think about it a lot in two ways and my, over the course of a day, like my brain would go back and forth, one speed was that I was just trying to imbue this character with as much humanity as I could because I felt like I had to in some ways fight through all of this animation.


And because I was interested in, I I, I think it kind of was similar to probably Ben's experience on a day. Whereas he knows how he seems and he knows he looks like this horrible monster. And so he's making concerted effort to bring his humanity through to, to make people feel okay, to make people feel less, to make people be less mean towards him, to sort undercut his external appearance. So I had that, that that was going in one way while simultaneously I always had all this physical freedom and that the, in many ways this technology and this animation was like, like a, like a, a a mask. And I had a, I wasn't confined to my body and my physical appearance the way that I am for any, any other part I've ever done.


So there was things I could do with movement, with heaviness and the way he would, he has huge hands, huge feet the way he, he would interact with things. So it, that became a much more imaginative fantasy, sort of almost like how I would play make believe when I was a kid, you know? So you are thinking about movement in a different way? Yeah, well certainly. I mean, I, I had to, he can't, couldn't really move the way that I can move. I mean he's very, very heavy. He weighs thousands of pounds at the same time. He's very nimble, but I mean I'm a kind of uncoordinated, lanky sort of, I know Wet rubber band or something.


So He is, he is, he is a much heavier, grounded dude Now, it was recently announced that you'll be on Broadway next year in a stage play Dog Day afternoon. It's based on the same real life robbery that the 1975 movie Dog Day afternoon was based on. You Star with John Bertha, who is someone you co-star with In The Bear. You're also on the show The Punisher with him, and I think you've done plays together. I actually read that you recommended him for the part of Michael on The Bear. Is that true? Yeah, that's true. Yeah, I got John that job, so he got me this dog day afternoon gig.


So now, now we're this Well, so what, and you know, what was it about him that you thought would be good for Michael? Who's the best friend and Yeah, you know, the brother who passed away who committed suicide And we don't really see, correct me if I'm wrong, but we don't really see him at all in the first season until maybe just the very end of the season in a flashback. Is That, I think that's true. I remember remembering that correctly. I think something like that. And in my mind when I were reading the, I was reading the scripts, I kind of felt like we would never see him and I thought that that was probably the way to play it because he's so talked about he's this specter sort of informing everything and I just thought it would be disappointing or maybe I just like that idea of let everybody in the, in the audience let them have their own idea of who this person is who's larger than life.


And so when Chris store our showrunner was asking me if I thought I've had any ideas for who could be played Michael bi, I, no, I was like, I was like, I don't think we should ever see him. I just think that was just diminished 'cause anything. And then at one point I did, I was like, you know what, actually John is such a larger than life magnetic, charismatic person. I was like, you know, what would you think about John Bernthal? And I, I suspect that Chris all along was sort of encouraging me to reach out to John. I think I'm pretty sure that he, all along this is he was just waiting for me to come to this realization when I think John John's, you know, terrific, really, really great in this part.


And also like one of the few actors that could fill the, the shoes of this guy. What is your connection to the story and the film Dog Day afternoon? Because you'll be playing the role of Sal, which was originated by the actor John Casal, who appeared in only five movies before passing away too young. But the five movies were The Godfather, the Conversation Godfather, part Two, dog Day Afternoon, and the Deer Hunter, he was also a theater actor, like an actor's actor. I was wondering if a young Evan Moss Backrack dreamed of having an acting career like John Kaza. Oh, 100%. I mean, what a gift. What an incredible gift he was.


Yeah, the conversation's like probably my favorite movie. I mean, it's a tragedy that we that that he died so young, but it a lung, lung cancer. Yeah. In this, in this short term here. Oh my gosh, what a force. Yeah. So yeah, I do feel, you know, it's like I'll try to do my best to to to honor this guy, but we're gonna make it a bit a bit different like something else. Yeah, so it's based on the same source material, which was this true story of a bank robbery that happened in New York and that became the movie, but the playwright is going back to that original material Too. Yeah, there's a lot of stuff going on in that robbery before that robbery that's not in the movie.


That's really interesting that we're digging into. There's a lot there. When you announce something like that, a Broadway show that you're going to do next year, what is the process of preparing? Because I'm sure you're doing other things too, but is it just that that's sort of when it fits into your schedule or do you do things in the year lead up or both? My process right now is to pretend that it's not happening for as long as possible and to delay, delay, delay. But yeah, I don't know. I'm very, very, very excited to do this thing and to spend a few months with my dear friend John, and I'm sure it'll be a wonderful C and and I like nothing more than like working on New American plays. It's kind of my favorite thing to do to be in that rehearsal room with when the writer's there, the writer's alive, they're there.


It's a work in progress. It's a deep, deep collaboration between writer, director, dramaturg and the whole cast. It's like everyone's getting their hands dirty. It feels very alive and exciting and it's been a long time since I've done that. Ebon Moss Backrack, thank you so much for joining us. Thank you. Thanks so much for having me. Ebon Moss Backrack speaking with Fresh Airs Annemarie Baldonado, his film The Fantastic Four First Steps comes out next month and season four of The Bear premieres. Tonight after a short break, TV critic, David Bian Cooley reviews a new documentary about Jane Mansfield by her daughter, Marishka Harte.


This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Capital One presenting sponsor of the 2025 Tiny Desk contest. More than 7,000 unsigned artists entered NPR music's tiny desk contest. This year the judges will pick one winner to perform behind the tiny desk at NPR R'S headquarters. Then the Tiny Desk contest is heading on the road. Join the fun this summer as the winner travels to 10 cities for one of a kind concerts in Los Angeles, Chicago, Nashville, and more. And at each stop a unique surprise headliner who has played the Tiny Desk will join the bill with the 2025 winner. Visit npr.org/tiny desk contest to buy tickets. Then get ready to get out there with the Venture X card from presenting sponsor Capital One. With Venture X, you earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy, turning all of your purchases into extraordinary travel. Capital One, what's in your wallet terms Apply see capital one.com for details.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, the official Gilded Age podcast from hbo. Unpack each episode and hear from the people who bring 19th century New York to life. Listen to the official Gilded Age podcast wherever you get podcasts.


This is Fresh Air. On Friday, HBO premieres a documentary film called My Mom Jayne. It marks the directorial debut of Law and Order, SVU star Marishka Hargitay, who sets out in the film to learn about her mother who died in a car accident when Marishka was three. Her mother was Jane Mansfield, the famous movie Star of the 1950s and sixties. Our TV critic, David Bian Cooley says that My Mom, Jayne turns out to be much more intimate and full of genuine surprises than he expected. At the very start of My Mom, Jayne, producer and director, Maka Harte lays out the basic facts as she knows them about her parents, siblings, and early childhood.


She has only the vaguest memories of her mother, Jane Mansfield, the sex symbol star of such films as The Girl Can't Help It and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter Jane Mansfield died in 1967 in a car crash at age 34 when Marishka, one of her mother's five children was only three. She was raised by her father, who also was a celebrity of the 1950s. He was Mickey Harte, a former Mr. Universe, and to young Marishka, he was the only parent she ever really knew. My dad, who was my rock, died in 2006 and there were so many questions that I never asked them.


I've also never really talked to my siblings much about their experiences, but I want to understand her now because it's a part of my life and a part of me that's always felt locked away. One method Maka Harte uses to unlock her family secrets is to do the research she had previously avoided. She reads Celebrity Tell all biographies and magazine articles and collects as many of the existing TV and movie appearances and recorded interviews as she could. Mariska's mother was raised in Texas, played classical piano and violin, and spoke several languages.


She married young and persuaded her then husband to move with her to Los Angeles to pursue her dream of a career in show business. He didn't last long and neither did their marriage, but Jane Mansfield persisted and explained in an early interview how her plans for being a serious actress were affected by the way some people responded to her looks and especially to her very curvy figure. I did a soliloquy from Jonah Va for Milton Lewis, who was the head of casting at Paramount Studios in order to audition. And he just seemed to think that I was wasting my, as he said, obvious talent and he lightened my hair and tightened my dresses.


And little bit above. In 1955 when she was only 22 years old, Jane Mansfield became a Broadway sensation as the scene stealing co-star of the comedy will success spoil Rock Hunter movie Rolls followed quickly first as the sexy star of the early rock and roll film. The Girl Can't Help It, which also featured Little Richard and Fat's Domino. Then in the movie version of Will Success spoil Rock Hunter, also in that film was Groucho Marx, who later welcomed Jane Mansfield to his TV show, tell It to Groucho. By that time she was trying to shake her sex symbol image, but as a clip from Groucho's Show illustrates even her strongest supporters couldn't resist perpetuating it.


Actually, and I've told this to other people, you're not the dumb blonde that you pretend to be, and I think the people ought to know that you're really a bright, sentimental and understanding person. And this is a whole, this is a whole facade of yours that isn't based on what you actually are. Oh, That's sweet of you. Thank you So much. Well, I I think you are aware of that, Jane. This is, this is a kind of an act You do, isn't it? Oh, it's, you know, Most people don't know that though. I, I think that it's like this, the public pays money, the back back staffers to see me a certain way and, and They get their money's worth too. So I think it's just all part, it's a role I'm playing as an actress.


My Mom, Jayne, is equally thorough about looking into Mickey Harget's past and how he and Jane Mansfield met and fell in love. But after delving deeply into the public record of film's, TV clips, and vintage interviews, Maka takes an even deeper dive into the private record. She interviews her brothers and sisters who share detailed memories with her for the first time and who are invaluable contributors as both sources and on camera supporting characters. Maka also examines the vast contents of a family storage locker that had remained unopened since 1969. And like the Determined detectives, she's played on Law and Order SVU since 1999.


Marishka follows the clues wherever they lead. Those clues include faces cut out of family photographs and stories about that fatal car crash, which it turns out was survived by the children in the car, including Young Maka. By the end of this documentary, the information she's uncovered upends and rewrites much of what Marishka Harte knew about her parents and herself. The first half of My Mom, Jayne, is a somewhat standard well done biography, but the second half shifts into a wild emotional mystery story. Eventually there's a lot of hugging and a lot of closure, and every bit of it is arrived at.


Honestly, as a first time documentary filmmaker, Marishka Harte has done something special here. But as a daughter telling the unvarnished truth about her parents, she's done something even more impressive. David being Cooley is a professor of television studies at Rowan University. He reviewed the documentary, My Mom Jayne, which premieres on HBO this Friday. Our president said, and I agree, that we must balance our economy. There are problems that we all must face, and luxuries are out of place.


JFK, you are right, I'm joining in the fight. I don't want expensive treasures. I prefer the simple pleasures like a Longfellow poem, a Cadillac Rome, a villa in Roma in Spain. I am just Lane Jane. Oh Jane, you're just too Marvelous. I have no eyes. Tomorrow on Fresh Air Pulitzer Prize winning fashion critic, Robin Gavan joins us to discuss her new book, make It Ours, crashing the Gates of Culture with Virgil Ablo to traces the late designers unconventional path to luxury fashion, how he challenged tradition and opened once closed doors, and why she believes he may be one of the last of his kind.


I hope you can join us with Teri Gross. I'm Tanya Mosley.


This message comes from Ian's Travel Insurance. Your European bike tour is planned to perfection, then your bag takes a detour. Baggage delay protection can help when travel hassles try to take the air out of your tires. Learn more@allianztravelinsurance.com.


This message comes from the Capital One Venture X card. If you love to travel, capital One has a rewards credit card that's perfect for you. With Venture X, earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy and turn all of your purchases into extraordinary travel and you get premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels. When you book on Capital One Travel Plus, you'll get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Capital One, what's in your wallet term supply. See capital one.com for details.


This is Ira Glass of This American Life. Each week on our show, we choose a theme. Tell different stories on that theme. All right, I'm just gonna stop right there. You're listen, listening to an NPR podcast, chances are, you know our show. And so instead, I'm gonna tell you, we've just been on a run of really good shows lately. Some big epic emotional stories and some weird funny stuff to download us this American Life.