
This episode's sponsor is Carvana, which offers the following message. Whether you're looking to sell your car in a hurry or thinking about parting ways with your trusty ride, Carvana is the convenient way to sell your car. Go to Carvana dot com to get an offer for your vehicle in seconds.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross Today. we continue our series, classic films and movie icons and hear interviews from our archive with Meryl, Streep And, Sidney Poitier. I spoke with Streep in 2012 when she was nominated for an Oscar for her portrayal of British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. In the film, the Iron Lady, she won, she'd previously won for her performances in Kramer versus Kramer and Sophie's choice. She holds the record for the most Oscar nominations, a total of 21. One of the things she's known for is her uncanny ability to do accents. Let's start by hearing how she sounds. As Margaret Thatcher, the film begins after Thatcher has lost her husband and is suffering from dementia.


She's imagining that her husband is still with her and talking to her in this scene, street portrays Thatcher after she's become the first woman to lead the conservative party. She's speaking before the House of Commons. The right honorable gentleman knows very well that we had no choice but to close the school Because this place, Because his union pay masters have called a strike deliberately to cripple our economy. Teachers cannot teach when there is no heating, no lighting in their classrooms. And I asked the right honorable gentleman, whose fault is that?


Me think the right honorable lady to screech too much. And, and, and if she wants us to take her seriously, she must learn to calm down. If the right honorable gentleman could perhaps attend more closely to what I am saying, rather than how I am saying it, he may receive a valuable education in spite of himself. Margaret Thatcher later took voice lessons from a drama coach to help her sound more authoritative here streep as Thatcher. After those lessons addressing parliament about the war and the Falklands, We were faced with an act of unprovoked aggression.


And we responded as we have responded in times past with unity, strength, and courage. Sure. In the knowledge that though much is sacrificed in the end right, will prevail Over wrong prevail. Meryl Streep, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you so much for being here, and congratulations on your Golden Globe and your Oscar nomination. Thank you very much for having me, Terry. I'm a huge fan. Oh wow. Thank you. So we just heard you before and after Margaret Thatcher has voice lessons, voice lessons to teach her authority and power so that, so that she can speak more powerfully to the parliament.


Did she really have that kind of vocal training? She did. My memory is a little cloudy, but I remember reading that Lawrence Olivier had something to do with arranging for her to have. He, he demurred, he said he wouldn't care to do it himself, but he steered her in the direction of a good vocal coach. And she did go and, and it did help her. And it was part of the Balian process that Gordon Reese put her through. So can you talk a little bit about what you think she learned with those vocal lessons and how you transformed your voice as her after she really learned her way around as a public figure and had the advantage of those voice lessons?


Well, I, I think that voice lessons really just bring out a voice that you already possess. So she already had whatever the sort of stint tones that she acquired over time, they were all lying in wait there and within her arsenal. And she'd also had elocution in her high school, the equivalent of high school in Grantham. She had changed her way of speaking. Her accent from Grantham had disappeared by the time she went to Oxford to study chemistry. And she had decided on a sort of a, a plummy kind of aspirant upper middle class, what we would call upper middle class voice.


And so what the voice coach did was enabled her to expand her breath, deepen her voice, bring it to a place where men could listen to it in its most emphatic tone. How did you change your voice for the before and after for the more confident and experienced Margaret Thatcher versus the early Margaret Thatcher? Well, I had evidence of both voices, you know, from the public record so I could listen to them. And it's sort of my fun to sing along with records and imitate people that are on the telephone that have different ways of speaking.


I mean, I, I, I pick things up like that. So it's not a, a thing that's a, a struggle. It's, it's work, but it's not a struggle. It's fun. And she had a very particular way of emphasizing points and making her point. And that had to do with bringing out a word that you didn't normally think was the most important word in this sentence. Do you know what I mean? Yes. And she also had an, a sort of a way like a railroad train of going, taking a breath and starting quite quietly and making a point in a way that you don't really know that this is, this point is going to be made through several examples.


And there will not be a break in the speaking voice at any point. And you, if you think you are going to interrupt, you're really not going to have the opportunity because she's, she's just got capacity. It's just really stunning as I looked at interviews. So you need a lot of breath to keep talking like that. Did you have it? I've just been talking like that. Yeah. I did need a lot of breath. I had mu I needed much more breath than I have after all my expensive drama school training. I couldn't keep up with her. I think it's interesting that when you're doing the voice of a real person, or I suppose if you're learning an accent too, you think of it as singing along with a record.


So is that what you do? Like you play Margaret Thatcher giving a speech and you you do the equivalent of singing along with it. You give this speech as you're listening to it. I say that because that's the my way in, in the very beginning. Yeah. How to, how to enter it very quickly in the process. I don't think about voice being separate from the way you hold your head or the way you sit or the way you dress or the way you put on lipstick. It's all a piece of a person. And it's all driven by conviction in other characters. It's driven by insecurity or in, or it's driven by fear or there's always a driver and the all the physical manifestations you need your way in.


So yeah, when I was a kid, when I was 16, 17, I'd come home from high school and my dad collected all of Barbara Streisand's records and she was very young that I think she was, she probably had three records out and she was 21. And we had them all. And I knew every single song, every breath, every illusion, every swell. And I, I sang along to it. but it, for me, it was a way to get out the feeling of the song and also to get out the feelings that, you know, royal in high school to ex express something that I had no other way of expressing.


And of course, now I'm rich and famous and I met Barbara Streisand and I told her that she was nonplussed. She was just, we can't know what we mean to each other. You know, artists you can't know. You can't know that. But she was really important. I have another Margaret Thatcher question for you because you aged several decades through the, through the course of the film. Four. Yeah. So you had to wear, you know, like a prosthetic older person's neck and your face has a lot of makeup or, or something because you know, you age for decades.


So is it harder to be expressive when you're underneath something, you know, are there a lot of makeup or prosthetic or whatever? Well, I mean, you managed to be very expressive, but I'm wondering if it's, if it's, you know, more difficult. It can be, but I didn't want it to be. So I, I've worked for 35 years with a master artist, makeup artist and hairdresser, that's Roy Heand. And he's done everything bleached my eyebrows for and hair for Sophie's choice. And he gave me a brown mullet in Silkwood. And you know, he got me ready for the Golden Globes and he understands the job and changing the outside to get at something inside.


So in conjunction with this British prosthetics designer, mark Coulier, he and Roy and I, we did tests and it was all about taking away, taking away, taking away, you know, we start with what Mark would carve the sculpture of me. They took a life mask and then he'd, he'd add on with clay or whatever the material is, age. And then they'd cast it in sort of this silicone thing. And then I would wear it and we'd test it. And then I would say inevitably less, less, less, less.


So it's kind of remarkable how little I really am wearing. And, And when, when you're saying less, less, I want less, is that partly so that you can move your face and to be free and be expressive? Yeah, it's All about being free and having, so I can look in the mirror and see me not stuff. And it, it all has to do with, you know, it's not about the audience. It's all about fooling the other actors into believing that you are who you say you are. Because that's hard when you walk on set and it's a big makeup job and it's, makes it hard for them. And I take my entire performance from them. So if they don't look at me and hate me appropriately or love me the way they're supposed to or find, you know, an old face, but, but see the young one underneath, which is Jim Broadband's task as Dennis Thatcher, then I'm lost.


I don't have anything to go on. 'cause I can read that immediately in their eyes, you know? Gee, I never thought of it that way. That you ha have to convince the other actors that you're Margaret Thatcher. That's the whole deal. The whole deal. You know, I hear a certain similarity between your voice in the Iron Lady as Margaret Thatcher and your voice in Julia and Julia as Julia Child. It almost striked me as if, and I never thought about this till hearing you in both those films, that if Margaret Thatcher kind of drank too much and, and started being like surprised and delighted about how her, like food concoction was behaving, that she might sound like Julia Child.


What do you think? Well, they had a similar flut in, especially in the younger Julia Child had a, a floatiness. Yeah. You Know, which is, and it's also part of her class, her, the way that there are women of that time and of that class. We don't like to talk about that in America, but there are classes in America and she was of a class of women who were wealthy, privately educated, went to Smith, moved in that sort of circle. She was conscripted into the OSS, which is the early CIA, which was all filled with Leys and Princeton, Harvard people and a few women who were typing mostly, but also had something to do.


And they had a way of speaking. I mean the, the, the last person you would know we were also recognized as having that way of speaking is Catherine Hepburn probably when I was in at Vassar and I came from a public high school in New Jersey. There was a way of talking that the private school girls had that was different than the way I talked from New Jersey. Let me play a little bit of you as Julia Child in Julia and Julia. And this is a scene when you're on TV early in your TV career and you're making some kind of like mashed potato pancake concoction that you're, you're about to flip.


And it, it's not, it kind of doesn't go well, doesn't go well. It kind of splatters in the air and half of it lands on the stove instead of in the pan. So let's hear a little bit of that. And this scene alternates with you on TV and with Julie watching you on tv. Amy Adams. Yeah. Yeah. Amy Adams is Julie. I'm going to try to flip this thing over now. Which is a rather daring thing to do. She changed everything Before her. It was frozen food and can openers and marshmallows. Don't knock Marshmallows. You need to try, when you flip anything, you've just got to have the courage of your convictions.


Especially if it's a loose sort of mass. Like, oh, that didn't go very well. But you see, when I flipped it, I didn't have the courage. She's so adorable. I needed to, the way I should have. Oh, but you can always put it together. And you were alone in the kitchen. Who's to see pearls To learn? The woman is wearing pearls in the Kitchen. Just got to practice like the piano. I'm Julia Child Bon petite, You know, I love that. 'cause she talk about studying someone's voice as if it's music.


And she has such a musical voice. Mm. And she does. And, and you And she has no breath. Yeah, I was gonna say, say that exactly. It sounds like she's been running up a hill. She always sounds like that. I feel like that when I'm in the kitchen, don't you? Well, I'm not a very good cook, but Me neither, honestly. I just, I believe that's why I find myself why delis exist so that I don't have to cook. But, Well I got better after this and my entire family really did appreciate it. Usually they're resentful of movies that I go off and make. But this one had a bonus attached. But yeah. You know, I compared, I compared her voice and Thatcher's voice before.


But, but breath wise are the opposite. 'cause she's almost like gasping for air and Thatcher has this like endlessly long breath. Well she's so alive. Julia Child and Margaret is so, is so designed. She's so intent upon making her point. That's the most important thing is that she win the argument. And there is nothing that stands in the way of that train, you know? But Julia is just alive in front of you. That's part of why people loved her. They lived it with her. They breathed it with her and the mistakes were all part of it. But she was adept too at what she was doing.


Incredibly adept. Okay. So here's a story i I read, which I assume is true, but you can tell me if it actually happened. That in for the 1976 Dino Dientes remake of King Kong, you auditioned for Dino Dientes and his son Yes. Who are Italian. Yes. And Dino Dientes said in Italian. What did he say? I don't know. I can't speak Italian anymore 'cause I'm so old and forgetful. But he said something like, but this is so ugly. Why do you bring me this, This being you?


Yes. I'm sitting in front of him at opposite the desk. He's smiling, he looks impeccable. He has everything beautiful. And his son is very kind. His son has said, 'cause his son had seen me in something and he said, no, you know, dad, she's a wonderful actress. And because I had just, I'd studied a year of Italian at Vassar, I could understand what they were saying. And I said, you knowto, I'm, I'm very sorry that I'm not as beautiful as I should be, but you know, this is it. This is what you get sort of.


And I, I left. I mean I was very upset, but I didn't show it. Yes. It's a true story. So a very interesting story because you were being told early in your career basically that you're not beautiful. Yeah. You're not qualified. Your face is not qualified for this role. And you're also Face and body I believe, and body. But then you're also making the decision to let them know that you understand what they said. They were intentionally speaking in Italian so that you wouldn't understand them. Right. Right, right. But you did understand them. You let them know you understood them and 'cause they did. They, they think actresses are stupid. That was the other thing that, I mean, not they, 'cause I don't think his son was that way.


His son was my champion. I mean he, that he was the reason I was in the office. But the dad, he wasn't being mean to me. He was just speaking to his son in Italian. But he had no idea that I would, that I would understand because they think Americans are stupid too. So Did you worry that you were basically, I mean you hadn't been in any movies yet, so did you worry that you word would spread about you? That you were, that you spoke back a pain? The to directors? Yeah. That you were real pain and that you were Yeah. That you were a problem. So like, avoid her. I am a pain in the as. How can I hide it? I mean, yeah, that is the package, you know, and but I I was not, I was not probably suited to that role either.


I mean, that was the truth. How much did you want it? Not much. I mean, I did want a, a break, but I didn't, I didn't think I would be good in it. Honestly, I didn't. It represented something that I don't know, I wasn't drawn to. So I suppose it was easier to be obstreperous in the meeting because, because of that foot was an audition for Sophie's Choice and Alan Ko had said something like that. I maybe would've swallowed it 'cause I wanted it so badly. We're listening to the interview I recorded with Meryl Streep in 2012.


We'll hear more of that interview and hear my 2000 interview with Sidney Poitier after a break. As we continue our series, classic films and movie icons, I'm Terri Gross and This is Fresh Air


Support for NPR. And the following message come from GoodRx. Kids are heading back to school and cold and flu season is approaching with GoodRx. You can find big savings at the pharmacy all year round. GoodRx compares prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly finds discounts of up to 80%. Plus GoodRx could even beat your copay price. So for simple smart savings on all those back to school prescriptions, go to goodrx.com/fresh.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva, maker of quality, handcrafted mattresses, founder and CEO Ron Russon shares one of their core values At Safa. We believe sleep does unlock a superpower. When you wake up and you're totally refreshed, you go after things more. And it all starts with being on the right mattress. And that's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started visit S aa tva.com/npr to save up to $600 from now through Labor Day Weekend.


Waylon, how much do you think it would cost to buy one of those big digital billboards in Times Square to promote our show? The indicator from Planet Money and Big Lights. Ugh. In this economy. I mean, you're probably right, but this question is the exact kind of thing that we find answers to on our show. We take one big economic idea, make it understandable and you know, even fun. That's the indicator from Planet Money and NPR.


You were engaged to the actor John Cazale, whom most people know as Fredo and Godfather one and two and in Dog Day afternoon. In Dog afternoon. Why am I blanking on the title? And and he had a, a small part in the Deer Hunter. You were nominated for an Oscar for your part in your, in the Deer Hunter. It was like one of your first films. And so you were, you were engaged and he died of bone cancer shortly after in 1978. Yes. We were not engaged, but we were a couple. We lived together like three years. So he probably died not knowing how famous his roles were gonna be, how famous those movies were gonna be.


I know, I know he had, well he had a, the Godfather movies were unbelievably popular. You know, they were just popular isn't the word. They were Well they've entered into iconic. Yeah, Yeah, absolutely. And they did early, I mean, early, early on they had that importance. Certainly in New York where we lived, you know, we would walk along the street and people would roll down the window and go Alfredo, you know, and we could never pay for a dinner if we went to Little Italy. Never. Which was great. We went all the time. But he, yeah, he made five movies and all five of them were nominated for best Picture.


You gave a terrific commencement address at Barnard in 2010. And one of the things you talked about was how you think of your first character as being you in high school when you wanted to be the pretty popular girl. So what you did was you studied Vogue and met Elle and what were some of the things you taught yourself to do? Bleach my hair and curl it. And there was a elaborate thing 'cause there weren't hot curlers in those days, so you had to go to bed on sleeping on rollers, which is just a torture. Like maybe sleeping on one of those mai wooden plugs that they put under your neck in the boma, you know, to go to sleep.


Did You ever use the tin can thing? Putting a tin can on top of your head? That was for the people with curly hair. I see. Right. I was interested in curling. I get it. My bone straight hair, which won't bend, you know, under any circumstance. Yeah. But the girls with curly hair put it on cans so that it would straighten it out Right. During the night everybody was miserable. So you, you said that you adjusted your temperament to, in trying to be popular and appealing to boys. Yeah. Oh sure. What did you change? I remember that well, opinions took a backseat. Opinions were not, you know, attractive. I mean, this is stuff I remember thinking in when I was quite young, you know, at my house.


In order to be heard, you had to get your opinion. No, you had to get your opinion out. No, no. Nope. Don't interrupt me. You know, dad, he did that again. And you just, you got it out. You, you learn to rise above the contending voices. But I recognized early on that that wasn't attractive on a date. Like if he said something stupid, you go, no, I don't agree with that at all. That's, how can you say that it's idiotic. And that would not get a second date. So I would learn to go, wow. Yeah, cool. You know, and that, that would be okay.


So it's a form of acting for a purpose which girls learn to do. And girls are good at it. If they care to be. Now, I don't think they, what do I know? I have three daughters and they're all, they're all doing it on their own in, in their own way. I mean, getting along in life on their own terms. And I don't feel they make those accommodations quite in the way we did. But this was something people did. Yeah. One of the thing actresses I think worry about, you can be the leading lady in your twenties and thirties. Once you're in your forties, it's really harder to get roles. There's character roles and you know, the parent roles.


I think things are starting to change. But have you been satisfied with the roles for women of your age as you've changed ages over the years? Or have you been frustrated with what's out there? Both. I remember when I would turn 40, I was offered within one year, three different witch roles be Literally, which Witches to play. Three different witches and three different contexts. but it was almost like the world was saying, or the studios were saying, we don't know what to do with you. And I remember, I mean I've repeated this before many times, but I remember being shocked to find out that Betty Davis was 40 or 41 when she did all about Eve and was playing an over the hill done out of your, your finished actress.


And that she was only 50 when she did Baby Jane and Hush Hush Sweet Charlotte and those grotesques of witches, you could call them witches. So yeah, I think there was for a long time in the movie business a a a period of when a woman was attractive and Hmm. Marriageable or something. Not marriageable, I guess is The word. You can't really say that on the radio. Say that. Oh, okay. Well you know what I'm saying, you substitute something better. But We could, we could bleep it. Okay. It will have been bleeped by the time listeners hear that.


Okay. So that's, that was it. And then after that they, we really didn't know what to do with you until you were the lioness in winter. Right. Until you were 70. And then it was okay to, you know, driving Miss Daisy or Trip to Bountiful or things like that. But that middle period, what we call the middle, the most vibrant years of a woman's life, arguably from 40 to 60, where completely nobody knew what to do with them. And that really has changed. Completely changed. Not for everybody, but for me it has changed. And part of it I think has to do with the fact that I wasn't that word that I just said that you bleeped before when I was a younger actress, that wasn't the first thing about me.


Sexuality wa was not the first thing is what you're saying. It was not The first thing. Sexiness. Yeah. Because when that goes away, cute. I was never cute. So when cute goes away, 'cause that goes away with age. Well, Meryl Streep, I really regret that. We're out of time. It's been great to talk with you. Thank you. Thank too so much talk for being on our show. Oh, thanks Terry. I enjoyed it. My interview with Meryl Streep was recorded in 2012. After we take a short break, we'll hear the interview I recorded with Sidney Poitier in 2000. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Discover, wouldn't it be great to go to twice as many concerts? Well, here's music to your ears. Discover automatically doubles the cashback earned on your credit card at the end of your first year with cashback match. Put that toward double the reunion tours. Imagine getting to see your favorite band when they get back together and break up again. It pays to discover. See terms at discover.com/credit card


Support for this podcast comes from the Neubauer Family Foundation supporting wy Y's, Fresh Air, and its commitment to sharing ideas and encouraging meaningful conversation.


Let's get back to our series, classic films and movie icons. With the interview I recorded with Sidney Poitier in 2000, after the publication of his memoir, Poitier said he always believed that his work should convey his personal values. When he started making movies in 1949, it was hard for black actors to get significant film roles much harder than today. It was even difficult to get small parts that weren't stereotyped. But in the fifties and sixties, Poitier starred in a string of films that addressed the racial tensions of the time. Films like The Defiant Ones in the Heat of the Night, lilies of the Field. And guess who's coming to dinner? In 1963, he became the first black actor to win an Oscar for best actor.


He remained the only black actor to win in that category until 2001. When Denzel Washington won for training day in the seventies, Poitier directed such films as Buck and the Preacher Uptown Saturday Night. Let's do it again and stir crazy. Poitier grew up in The Bahamas on Cat Island and Nassau, his family was poor. He was born in 1924 and arrived prematurely, weighing only three pounds. His father prepared for his baby's imminent death by buying a little casket. His mother went to a fortune teller. Poitier died two years ago at the age of 94.


Your, Your first audition was as a result of a classified ad that you'd read for the American Negro Theater, which was looking for performers. You say when you got to your audition, you had trouble just reading the script. You certainly hadn't been in an audition before. You had no training, but you didn't have much schooling either. No, I didn't. So when I went into to this place, I could read, for instance, the Watha pages and I, I could recognize words like janitor and dishwasher and stuff like that. Just across the page from the wantad page was the theatrical page. And there was this sign that said actors wanted.


And I, I went to this address, I said, maybe I can, I tried dish washing and janitors and all that stuff, maybe I'll try this. And I went there and there was a gentleman there and he asked me, he said, have you, are you an actor? And I said, yes, I have. And he said, okay. He gave me a script and sent me up on this little stage and he said, turn to page 28. And I did. And on 28 I saw that there was a, a name John. And underneath the name John was an awful lot of writing. And these, I suppose these were the words that John would be saying.


And then it was another part named something else. And he was going to read those parts. He said, so he told me to, to look it over and take a second look it over. And when I was ready to let him know, so I read the page and then the following page, and then I said, okay, I'm ready. And he said, okay, you start. I said, alright. And I started reading, well, of course I had never read for anyone in my life except maybe in the, in the elementary area in my first year in, in school in Nassau. So I started out, I said, so where are you going tomorrow?


So, so the chap, I guess his eyes flew open and he looked up on the stage and it all came to him, you know, that I was a fake. So he came running up onto the stage and he snatched the script outta my hand and he grabbed me. I was a kid, you know, and he spun me around and he grabbed me by the scruff of the neck and my belt in the back. And he marched me to the door. And on the way he said, these were his words, as I remember he said, get outta here and stop wasting people's time. He said, why don't you go out and get yourself a job you can handle? And as he opened the door and as he chucked me out, this last line to me was, get yourself a job as a dishwasher or something.


What did you do to try to improve your auditioning skills before going back to prove that this guy was wrong and that you could do it? Well, my first job was to, because I had this Caribbean accent as you, I'm sure you're acquainted with, Well, let, let me just stop you there and say, I can hear the accent much more in this interview than I hear it in movies. Oh yeah. Well I had it very intensely and so much so that he made a remark about it. And I knew that from what he had said, that I had to do something about that first and foremost.


So I saved up enough money to buy a radio and I thought that the best way to, to correct it was to listen to a radio here in America and try to learn the sounds, the pronunciations and stuff from people I heard on the radio. And I did that and I listened to the radio between dishwashing in, in terms of, in other words, when I'd get home, wherever I was sleeping, I would plug in this little radio and I would listen until I fell asleep. And whatever was said on the radio, I would repeat it. So you went back to the American Negro Theater Company and auditioned a second time?


Yeah, I certainly did. That was my aim. I went back six months later and to audition, but I was really not, not really prepared because I didn't have a scene or a monologue from a play. I didn't know that one could buy such things in, in certain bookstores. So I bought what I thought would be appropriate for an audition. I bought a True Confessions magazine and I memorized two or three paragraphs of this, of, of one of the stories. This thing I, I didn't know any better.


So I got up on a stage and I'm reading this thing and I was hardly through the first paragraph when they stopped me. Oh my God. Just thinking about it. So it's amazing really that you were able to actually get a part after all of this. What, what, just tell me what was the thing that you did that you think convinced the right people at the theater company to give you a shot? They didn't give me a shot. They, they rejected me after the, they saw my audition and I, I made some observations myself while I was there. I noticed that they did not have a janitor there. And I proposed that I would do the, the, the cleaning up stuff if they would let me come and study.


And the people to whom I was speaking, they were the administrators of, of the American Ego Theater at that time. And they were somehow impressed with my determination. And they said, if you wanna study that bad, that badly, you, you okay. You can come in. And so they had, they got, they took me in and, and I would, I was the Janitor. Let me advance the story a little further and take you to, to the early part of your movie career, specifically to Blackboard Jungle, which was released in 1954. This was an important film for you. You had one of the leads in it. This is a, like the most famous high school film, I think opens with rock around the clock. Glen Ford plays the new teacher at a school just filled with juvenile delinquents.


And in your first scene he catches you and some of the other guys smoking in the bathroom. You're washing your hands with your back turned toward the teacher. For most of this scene, let, let's hear this scene. What's your name Wise guy? Me, Miller Gregory Miller. You want me to spell it out for you so you won't forget it? You don't have to do that. I'll remember my name. Sure. Chief, you do that or maybe you'd like to take a walk down to the principal's office right now with me. Is that what you want? You holding all the cards? Chief, you want to take me to see Mr. Suwanee? You do just that. Who's your home period teacher? You are chief.


Well, why aren't you with the rest of the class? I already told you came in to wash up chief. Alright then wash up. You should cut out that chief routine. You understand it? Sure, chief. That's what I've been doing all the time. Sidney Poitier. How did you like your role in Blackboard Jungle? I liked it. I liked it. This young guy that I played, he was really on the cusp of, of, of finding himself in useful ways or losing himself to, to forces. He, he, he couldn't quite understand by then.


And so he had some complications, he had some complexities, he had some, some depth to him. And I, I liked Playing him. We're listening to the interview I recorded with Sidney Poitier in 2000. We'll hear more of the interview after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from better Help. It's back to school time. And even if you haven't been to school in a while, you can still learn a thing or two, particularly about yourself. Therapy can help you do just that by helping you discover your strengths, set boundaries, and adopt new coping skills and better Help. Online Therapy is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Visit better help.com/npr to save 10% on your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/npr.


If you think the economy makes no sense right now, You are probably right because even economists can't explain it lately. But our podcast, the Indicator from Planet Money, We're a little dose of clarity on the biggest economic questions of the day And About the forces that affect your Life in 10 minutes or less every weekday. The indicator from planet money, from NPR, From your car radio to your smart speaker NPR meets you where you are in a lot of different ways. Now we're in your pocket. Download the NPR app today. Let's get back to the interview I recorded with Sidney Poitier in 2000.


Well, you, you became the African American leading man in the sixties. What were some of the things that you felt you weren't allowed to play or express as an African American leading man in the sixties in Hollywood? I, that is a very good question and the, the true answer is I have no such imagery of what I was not able to express because taken, taking the times as they were, the fact of my career was in itself remarkable.


Right. Just the fact of it. You see, it would've been a luxury. I would not have spent much time on trying to determine what was missing. What I what was missing was not so much for me, but what was missing for the overwhelming majority of other minority actors at the time. Well, Well I'm glad you brought that up. What, what were some of the things you heard from your fellow actors at the time about stereotype roles that they had to play in Hollywood when you, when you came to Hollywood? Yeah. Well, you know, I I, most of us I think were obliged to play what was available.


I did not, I did not take advantage of that. I couldn't, it was not what I needed to do for my life. I, I had elected to be the kind of actor whose work would stand as a representation of my values. Let me talk with you about a scene that I think represents the kind of values that you're talking about. And this is a scene from in the Heat of the Night in that film, rod Steiger plays a local police chief in a southern town. You're a homicide cop from Philadelphia passing through the southern town, but you're arrested for being suspicious because you're a black man from out of town carrying money in your wallet.


The police chief doesn't really believe that you're a cop. So he calls your boss in Philly and your boss suggests that you stay in this small southern town to help them solve this big murder case that they're working on. 'cause they don't have cops who are nearly as experienced as you are. So in this scene, you and Rod Steiger, who's still very skeptical of you, go to question one of the leading white businessmen in town. And I'll just explain in case it's confusing as our listeners hear it, that as you're questioning him, the businessman slaps you and then without missing a beat, you slap him right back. Here's the scene. Let me understand this. You two came here to question me.


Well, your, your attitudes, Mr. Endicott, your points of view are a matter of record. Some people, well, let us say the people who work for Mr. Colbert might reasonably regard you as the person least likely to mourn his passing. We were just trying to clarify some of the evidence. Was Mr. Colbert ever in this greenhouse, say last night about midnight? Good. That be, yeah.


You saw it when I saw it. What are you gonna do about it? I Don't know. I will remember that there was a time when I could have, had you shot Sidney Pody in your new memoir. You say that's not the way the scene was originally written. Originally, you didn't slap this businessman right after he slapped you. What did you do in the original scene and why did you wanna change it? The original scene called for the businessman to slap me and for me to absorb it and, and, and leave.


I, I found it reprehensible that the writers writing for that period would, would not have written it differently. And I felt that the natural emotional response to being slapped as, and I'm speaking not as Sidney Poitier, but I'm speaking as a Philadelphia detective, that the natural response to a a man slapping him, he's gonna slap him right back. And I thought that that would be, since those kinds of moments were never found in American films from the inception of, of films in this country, that kind of a, of a scene which would be electrifying on the screen was always either avoided, not thought of.


And I insisted that if they wish my participation in the film, that they would have to rewrite it to exemplify that they were meaning the direct, the director Norman Jewison, who was and is an exquisite artist and the producer, Walter Marish, who is, I mean, his record is fabulous. And we've been very good friends all these years. Both of them said, Hey, that's great. Let's do it that way. So we did it and it indeed did turn out to be a highlight moment in that film. but it, it also spoke not just of the two characters, it spoke of our time, it spoke of the time in America when, when in films at least we could step up to certain realities In that film, you use something that you've used in a lot of your films, a very indignant stare, A stare that carries a lot of weight.


Can you talk a little about how you perfected that? Look, First of all, I don't acknowledge that I have such a look. I mean Right, right. Because I see myself differently than other people see me, obviously. Right. But is is that, is that, do you think a look that, that came from real life or one that you just developed for your acting roles? No, my acting roles are at, at the core of them, cells a part of me. So whatever that look is, I mean, it, I cannot manufacture such a look. It comes out of, of those forces that are churning in internally in the individual, you know, and so I I, I just have that look, I suppose, even when I'm thinking of things that are quite contrary to what the look might suggest.


Well, I thank you so much for talking with us. Thank you for inviting me. Sidney Poitier recorded in 2000. He died in 2022 at the age of 94. Our series, classic films and movie icons continues tomorrow featuring interviews from our archive with Dennis Hopper, who made his movie Comeback with the film Blue Velvet and Isabella Rossini, who starred on that film too. She's the daughter of two other movie icons, actress Ingrid Bergman and director Roberto Rossini. I hope you'll join us In the Heat of the Night.


Seems like a cold sweat creeping across my drive. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Anne Ri Bodo, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Heidi Simon, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Childer, Susan MCee, and Joe Wolf. From our digital media producers are Molly c Nesper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America Company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Squarespace Kickstart or update written content on any website, product description, or email with Squarespace AI generating instant personalized results that know and show your brand identity. Explain what your site is about, choose your tone and enter what you need to get short or long form text, no matter the placement. Squarespace AI makes it easier to go live, stand out and succeed online. Use code NPR to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.