HGTV Home by Sherwin-Williams (0s):
Support for this podcast and the following message come from Onset with Onset with the new podcast from HGTV. And Max takes you behind the scenes of the most iconic sets from the shows that change television history, like the Sopranos and Friends. Listen to Onset with wherever you get your podcasts.

1 (21s):
This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross Today. we wrap up our series classic films and movie icons with writer and director Spike Lee, and with actor Samuel L Jackson, who's appeared in several Spike Lee films, including Do The Right Thing, jungle Fever, Mo Better Blues and School Days. We'll start with Spike Lee. His first feature was the now classic 1986 film. She's Gotta Have It, which earned him a place as a central figure in independent cinema and in black cinema. 30 some years later, he adapted the film into an expanded 10 part series of the same name, which is still available on Netflix. That was the occasion of my most recent interview with Spike Lee, which we recorded in 2017.

1 (1m 3s):
The central character, and she's gotta have It is Nola Darling, a young artist who loves sex but isn't interested in a committed relationship. She's seeing three men each a different type, but each wants her to himself. In the 1986 original Spike Lee played one of Nola Darling's boyfriends, the Bboy Mars Blackman, who's deep into hip hop culture. I asked Spike Lee to describe the character.

2 (1m 28s):
Well, Mars Blackman is the original Bboy, the original sneaker head. He wears a chain her on his neck. Neck that says Mars. He wa he, he was wearing the Fresh Air Jordans. We call 'em Fobs. Fresh out the box. I mean, Mars is just crazy. I got the na It is funny. I asked my grandmother, I, I and I didn't have a name for this character. and I asked my grandmother, who lived me a hundred years old. My grandmother put me through Morehouse and NYU and gave me the seed money for she's gonna have it. Not that she was rich, she just saved the Social Security checks for 50 years. She taught art and I was the first grandchild.

2 (2m 13s):
But, and I had your name. She said, I had a crazy uncle named Mars. Said, I said, bang, all that's what's gonna be. His name is Mars. So the only reason why I played in the film is because we didn't have any money, the pa an actor to play Mars. So my whole life changed after that. Not just because of the film, but because two individuals, Jim Rold and Bill Davenport at the WY and Kennedy Advertising Agency, their client was Nike. They saw the film and got the ideal to pair my character Mars Black with Michael Jordan. And that changed the world.

1 (2m 54s):
So I get the impression from this that you never planned on acting.

2 (2m 58s):
Nope. Well, you, I don't even like it really to tell you truth. I, I don't even do it anymore.

1 (3m 2s):
Why don't you like it?

2 (3m 4s):
Because I'm not a, an actor.

1 (3m 9s):
Okay.

2 (3m 10s):
But the pop up Mars Blackman became so popular that, you know, people wanted me seen other stuff. So I played Half Pin. And shorty, my best performance of, if I may say, of my limited acting skills is Mook can do the right thing. That was good in that one.

1 (3m 29s):
So I wanna hear a, I wanna play a scene with you in it from the original 1986. She's gotta Have It. And this is a scene where it's the first time Nola invites your character Mars up to her apartment. And Mars is surprised at how spacious and nice it is and how much of her artwork is around. So here's the scene

3 (3m 51s):
D know Nola took you long enough to invite me up here.

4 (3m 56s):
I don't let just anybody up here.

3 (3m 58s):
Am I supposed to be anybody?

4 (3m 59s):
You're not. Anyone. That's why you're here.

3 (4m 1s):
Yeah. It took long enough. That's nice. Thank

4 (4m 8s):
You. My birthday's May 19th. You know what that is

3 (4m 11s):
The 19th of May. and I supposed to know. You're supposed to know. I'm supposed to know. Yes. Why?

4 (4m 16s):
It was Malcolm's birthday

3 (4m 17s):
The 19th of May. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. He was down by law. This whole place is yours, huh? Whole place. I likes, I likes What's the rent? It's cheap. Yeah. Yep. You know, we could put a divider right here and you'll have a roommate. Me, but never know I'm here.

4 (4m 34s):
You're right. I'll never know. How come every time I let a guy up here, the first thing they wanna do is move in.

3 (4m 39s):
Well, you work, you got a nice crib and you're fine.

4 (4m 42s):
What makes you think I want somebody to take care of?

3 (4m 45s):
I didn't say that. You know, I didn't say that. I pay my own way. and I look for no meal ticket. Yeah. So what do you do? What's your job? I'm

4 (4m 55s):
A lay out pay stuff artist. I do mechanics for magazines.

3 (4m 58s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know what that is.

4 (5m 1s):
There's something about you,

3 (5m 2s):
About me. Good or bad? I

4 (5m 5s):
Haven't figured it out

3 (5m 5s):
Yet. You let me know though, right? You'll

4 (5m 7s):
Be the first to know.

3 (5m 8s):
You let me know. You let me know. Yeah. You let me know. Sure. You let me know. Yeah. Good.

1 (5m 15s):
Spike Lee as Mars Blackman. And do the right thing. So your character, as we heard in that scene, repeat certain lines over and over most famously. Please baby. Please. How did you come up with that kind of repetition for your character?

2 (5m 31s):
I can remember what the next line was.

1 (5m 38s):
Oh, oh, seriously

2 (5m 41s):
True. I kidding you. Not. Oh,

1 (5m 43s):
So that's where you kept repeating it.

2 (5m 44s):
I couldn't re can't remember what the next line was. I was gonna keep repeating the line I'm on.

1 (5m 51s):
That's hilarious. 'cause it's a, it's such a kind of quirky, funny characteristic. So it really works

2 (5m 59s):
Well. It is an accident.

1 (6m 4s):
So Brooklyn is so important in your life and in your movies and on your hats. Oh, can I, can I just say something real quick, quick ahead? Yeah.

2 (6m 12s):
It's the, it's the Republic of Brooklyn.

1 (6m 15s):
Okay.

2 (6m 15s):
The Republic.

1 (6m 16s):
You know, it's so funny, the Republic, I, I grew up in Brooklyn and it was so, so where Sheephead Bay,

2 (6m 22s):
What? Did you go to high school in Brooklyn? Yes. Where?

1 (6m 25s):
Sheephead Bay.

2 (6m 27s):
I went to John Dewey.

1 (6m 29s):
Where was John Dewey?

2 (6m 30s):
Coney Island. Oh,

1 (6m 32s):
I used to go to Coney Island a lot. Yeah,

2 (6m 34s):
Yeah. You went to Nathan's.

1 (6m 35s):
Oh, absolutely.

2 (6m 37s):
You run a cyclone.

1 (6m 39s):
Yeah, but not a lot. It, it's a little,

2 (6m 42s):
The Wonder Wheel

1 (6m 43s):
For me. Yeah, the Wonder Wheel. The Wonder Wheel, and then all the bumper cars.

2 (6m 46s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah,

1 (6m 47s):
Yeah. So anyways, Brooklyn was not, no one was claiming that Brooklyn was kind of hip or cool or republic that I was aware of when I was growing up. And so it's just interesting to see what Brooklyn has come to signify like, so that's quite a change. So when you were young, before you lived in Fort Greene, you lived in another neighborhood, right? Cobble Hill?

2 (7m 9s):
Yes. Cobble Hill. The Lees were the first black family to move into Cobble Hill. Cobble Hill at that point had been historically a Italian American working class neighborhood.

1 (7m 24s):
And what did your parents move there, knowing they'd be the only African Americans in

2 (7m 28s):
The neighborhood? Oh, we were, it was a, my, my mother, you know, who was running things said, you know, we need to get it. We, my mother always wanted a brownstone. So we, we rented two floors in a brownstone, Warren Street between Henry Street and Clinton Street and Cobo Hill. And then my mother said, you know, we gotta buy brownstone. So we bought our brownstone on Washington Park between Myrtle and Willoughby in 1968 for like $45,000. Back then, the realtors wouldn't even use the, the name for green. They would just say downtown vicinity.

1 (8m 10s):
So when, when you were probably very young when your parents moved to Cobble Hill and it was an Italian American neighborhood, what was that like for you as a young African American boy?

2 (8m 22s):
Well, we got called the N word for like two weeks. And then when it finally dawned 'em, there were not gonna be hundreds of black families founding leaves and the na then the neighbor was going to go black all overnight. Then we were just like, and any other kid, two weeks after that, the Edward start, we were just, a lot of my friends today are these guys. I grew up, you know, in, in Cobble Hill at a very young age, especially the Tucci Lou and Joe Tucci. Shout out.

1 (8m 58s):
So what was the school like? Was the school mostly white?

2 (9m 1s):
I went to public school PS 29. After a couple years, you know, some Puerto Ricans moved in into the neighborhood. but it was, it, I had a great, wonderful childhood, and I'm sorry, I'm glad our child, I mean, we forget these video games. We played street games. We weren't doing, just sitting in front of television. We were playing stick balls, stoop balls, softballs two end touch, Johnny on the pony, Ringle l down the sewer, which is, I mean, we just played

1 (9m 39s):
Down on the sewer. Was that the

2 (9m 41s):
Last one down? It's a, it is a top game, you know, spinning tops. Yeah. For the sewers had a hole in it. And the goal was to knock the other guys top down the sewer. I imagine. I mean, we never played

1 (9m 54s):
That.

2 (9m 55s):
We, it was creative. We made up games, we played on the streets. We were running around, we, there was physicality, I mean, running bases. I mean, we had fun. And the summertime was the best because it wasn't, it wouldn't get dark till like nine 30, so you didn't have to come home till it got dark. So you leave the morning, you leave the house in the morning and you, you didn't have to show up till it got dark. Oh, it was joy.

1 (10m 29s):
And your father was an artist, a jazz musician, bass player, composer. Yes. Also plays piano. Some piano. So what did you learn about what it means to be an artist and try to support a family from watching your father? Oh,

2 (10m 45s):
Well, I learned that there's nothing poetic about being a starving artist. I knew that and I knew that I wanted to, as the user of one of the greatest lines from the Godfather, I wanted to wet my beak. If my films made money, I wanted to be able to get my fair share of the money that's being made for my artwork. I just knew that, that I just saw my father struggle. Great, great, great musician that there's nothing cute about being, you know, poor. At one time, my father was a leading jazz bassist, jazz folk bass played Bob Dylan, Judy Collins, Pete, my, that's my father.

2 (11m 31s):
On, on Peter Paul, Mary's Puff, the magic dragon, Theo Quel, Odetta, all those things. And when Bob Dylan decided that he wanted to go electric, everybody else in the folk world did too. And so my father to this day has never played one fender base or one electric instrument ever. And up to that point, my mother didn't have to work. 'cause my father was, was most, he was in demand. But when he made decision that he was not gonna play electric bass, my mother had to become a teacher. And, you know, in a lot of ways, I I I looked at my father's integrity, but on the other hand, he had five kids.

2 (12m 19s):
But to him, it didn't matter. He wasn't gonna play electric bass.

1 (12m 24s):
Did you resent that? Did you want him to play electric bass so that the family

2 (12m 29s):
No.

1 (12m 29s):
Would have more money?

2 (12m 31s):
Nah, and I, I'm just very fortunate that I was able to use the great talents. My father, he scored all my films in NYU film school. He did the score for, she's gonna have it school days, a great, great, great score for do the right thing, mo better blue. So I was very happy that, that it came around. So I was able to employ my father.

1 (12m 59s):
What kinda music did your father introduce you to?

2 (13m 2s):
Jazz.

1 (13m 4s):
And you have shout outs to jazz in, in this series? Yeah.

2 (13m 7s):
I mean, here's the thing though. We, growing up in my house, we had to sneak to listen to the Motown and the Beatles. My father would hear that. He said, turn that bad music off. It was jazz. Only music could be played out loud when he was in the house. It was jazz. And it wasn't jazz. You had to turn that mess off, as he would say, turn that mess off.

1 (13m 33s):
Did he introduce you to Johnny Hartman? Who I think I heard in, in the new version?

2 (13m 38s):
Oh yes. My father, I mean, he didn't play with him, but he knew everybody. Everybody knew him. Yeah. I mean, I'll give an example. Late in his life, I did a video for Miles Davis. It was called Tutu and the Vid I was called, oh, the video

1 (13m 53s):
For Tutu. Oh yeah. Okay.

2 (13m 55s):
Yes. And, and the first thing he said, spike, I know your father. I love your father's work, so I'm not gonna curse you out. First of all, it would've been an honor for Miles Davis to call me M Fett. That was his favorite word. So I wish he would've called me M Fett. But he said, you know what? I know your father's Bill Lee. Great musician, great composer. So I'm gonna leave you alone. True story. I I still think about that today.

1 (14m 23s):
So when your family moved to Fort Greene, you were probably what, around 10?

2 (14m 27s):
11.

1 (14m 28s):
11. Okay. So what was it like for you to move to a predominantly African American neighborhood after living in Cobble Hill? It

2 (14m 34s):
Was great Fort Greene. It was black and Puerto Rican. It was great because we were living, we weren't rent anymore. We had a big old house right across the street from Fort Green Park.

1 (14m 46s):
Did you ever take piano lessons since your father had a piano and played?

2 (14m 52s):
Man for a minute, the, the, the one that that was a really good pianist was my brother David. And it was my, his piano teacher was in Harlem. So it was much, since I'm the oldest, I had to drag his ass on a subway every Saturday, take him for piano lessons. Boy, I hate doing that. Do I have to do it? Yes, you do. You're the oldest. Back in the day when your parents told you to do something, you had to do it. There's no negotiating, none of this stuff. You had to do it.

1 (15m 29s):
Have you been that way as a father?

2 (15m 32s):
Nope. I mean, nowadays, IIII be sent to jail.

1 (15m 41s):
What do you mean?

2 (15m 42s):
If you hit a kid, you go to jail.

1 (15m 44s):
Oh, oh, oh. Did your parents hit you?

2 (15m 47s):
Oh yeah. I mean, it wasn't murder, but if you said something, my mother say, I'll slap the black off you. And was worse because like many black families in the north, when summertime came, your parents shipped your black ass down south to get a break. So you would spend the summer down south with your grandparents and down south they don't play. They get the switch. You know, the switch is, it was brutal because they make you choose the switch you get beat with.

2 (16m 31s):
And if you choose a two little switch, they'll get, they'll pick their own switch was three times the length of the small one you picked. Woo boy.

1 (16m 46s):
What earned you getting hit with a switch?

2 (16m 49s):
Oh, it didn't matter. They didn't like something. You go get that switch, son. So

1 (16m 54s):
Is that what I

2 (16m 54s):
Do?

1 (16m 55s):
Was that an effective form of punishment for you? Or was, did it just like, really make you angry and want to rebel Belmore?

2 (17m 2s):
No, no. That that's which hurt. Woo Lord. And it, it would be so hot and there was no air conditioning and those mosquitoes would eat you alive. Oh my God. And then we, the area made of us, because we talked different and I, we couldn't understand what people were saying. I remember one summer we came down south with Afros. 'cause Afros took a while. Everything takes a while to get down south. And when we got off, when they saw us with Afro, they looked us like we were three headed martians.

1 (17m 43s):
Were there things you were told you couldn't do in Alabama because of race? Ra racism was the line different than it was? It,

2 (17m 51s):
It, we never in Brooklyn, see there weren't any white people in snow, Alabama. So we didn't have, it was not like we were in Selma or Montgomery or Birmingham. We went snow. We were in the sticks. So we rarely ever saw white folks. We went down south. So people might call me Mr. Brooklyn, but my parents are from the south. I was born in Atlanta, Georgia. Spent many summers there and also went to college in Atlanta. In

1 (18m 20s):
Morehouse?

2 (18m 21s):
Yeah. My father went to Morehouse. My grandfather went to Morehouse and my mother and grandmother went to Spelman. These two historic black schools, they're across the street from each other. In fact, my grandmother lived a hundred years old. I know I said that before. I'm being being redundant. But her grandmother was a slave, yet she had a college degree. So I come from a long line of Edgemont Cage Black folks

1 (18m 43s):
Were Were your parents always stressed, stressing the importa of education when you were growing up? Yes. I

2 (18m 47s):
Mean, my, yes. Educators. Educators.

1 (18m 51s):
I, so what did they do to make sure that you, you got a, a good education?

2 (18m 57s):
Well, the, the best thing my parents did, not just for me, but my siblings, was, they exposed us to so much stuff and it paid off. My mother was dragging me to Broadway plays all Broadway plays museums, man, I didn't want to go to that stuff. I wanted to run, run 'em down the streets. But every, so my mother would take me and my siblings. I mean, she was dragging us while we were screaming, but every time we came home on the subway, we would say, you know what? That was good

1 (19m 31s):
Reason why. What's one of the shows that you saw that you really loved?

2 (19m 35s):
Oh, one thing was memorable. My mother took me to see Bye bye birdie, at Radio City Music called Easter Show.

1 (19m 47s):
So this is the movie

2 (19m 48s):
And the movie, and the reason why the opening credit sequence to do the right thing with Rosie Perez dancing, that came from Margaret dancing in the beginning of Bye bye, birdie.

1 (20m 2s):
Oh, that's great.

2 (20m 4s):
But here's the thing though, my mother was, so, my love of of cinema came from my mother. My father hated movies. And so I, since I was the oldest, I was my mother's movie date, my mothers wanted introduced me to Martin Scorsese. She took me to see Mean streets when that film came out.

1 (20m 21s):
What impact did that have on you?

2 (20m 26s):
I said, Bobby, this movie's crazy. What if you, if somebody could Google what year Mean Streets came out, I was definitely underage to see that film. And I've told Martin COEs that story many times and he laughs.

1 (20m 44s):
Spike Lee, it's been great to talk with you. Thank you so much.

2 (20m 46s):
Well, thank you you so much. And again, I'm a fan. Oh,

1 (20m 49s):
Thank you.

2 (20m 50s):
And it's been a minute, so let's, let's do it every time I have a project. All right,

1 (20m 54s):
Let's do it again. Absolutely. My interview with Spike Lee was recorded in 2017. Coming up we conclude our series, classic films and movie icons with actor Samuel L Jackson, who's been in several of Spike Lee's movies. I'm Terry Gross, and This is Fresh Air.

Merrill (21m 12s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.

NetSuite (21m 42s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor NetSuite. What does the future hold for business? Can someone invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 38,000 businesses have future proofed their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform with real time insights and forecasting, you're able to peer into the future and seize new opportunities. Download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash Fresh Air.

Carvana (22m 16s):
This episode sponsor is Carvana, which offers the following message. Whether you're looking to sell your car in a hurry or thinking about parting ways with your trusty ride, Carvana is the convenient way to sell your car. Go to carvana.com to get an offer for your vehicle in seconds.

1 (22m 34s):
This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross.

6 (22m 38s):
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I break your concentration? I didn't mean to do that. Please continue.

1 (22m 45s):
Okay. It's easy for Samuel L Jackson to capture your attention. It's not just the gun that gets you, it's his charisma. We just heard a clip from the Quentin Tarantino film. Pulp Fiction Jackson has been in several other Tarantino films, including Jackie Brown and Django Unchained. He's made big budget action films as well as low budget independent films. He's been in several Spike Lee movies, including Jungle Fever, for which he was given a special award at the Canne Film Festival. I spoke with Samuel L Jackson in 2000 I. Well, I love the way you speak and the way you do your lines and film. So I thought I would play one of your great monologues.

1 (23m 25s):
Okay? And this is a scene from Pulp Fiction where you and John Travolta played hitman. And toward the end of the movie, at the very end, well, toward the very end, you have a religious awakening because you believe that only the intervention of God could explain why you weren't killed in the shootout. So at the very end, you're at a diner with John Travolta when two crazy people pull out their guns and demand that everyone hand over their money. So you get the gun away from the guy and quote the passage from the Bible to him that you used to quote before killing somebody. So let's play that scene. This is Samuel L Jackson.

7 (24m 1s):
You read the Bible, Ringo? Not regularly, no. Well, there's this passage I got memorized. Ezekiel 25 17. The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who in the name of charity and goodwill shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, where he's truly his brother's keeper. And the finder of lost children and I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger. Those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know I am the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you.

7 (24m 44s):
I've been saying that for years. And if you heard it, that meant your ass. I never gave much thought to what it meant. I just thought it was some coldblooded to say to a mother before I popped a cap in his ass. I saw some this morning, made me think twice. See, now I'm thinking maybe it means you are the evil man and I'm the righteous man. And Mr. Nine millimeter here, he's the shepherd protecting my righteous ass in the valley of darkness. Or it could mean you are the righteous man and I'm the shepherd and it's the world that's evil and selfish And I like that.

7 (25m 29s):
But that ain't the truth. The truth is you are the weak and I, amm the tyranny of evil men. But I'm trying Ringo, I'm trying real hard to be the shepherd

1 (26m 0s):
That is such, that is such a great scene. And you have such an interesting contrast there between, between the Bible reading and then all the slangy stuff that you're saying. Can you talk a little bit about your line readings there of the Bible and of the more colloquial lines as well. I don't know if you actually kind of, you know, decide in advance where you're gonna breathe and which words you're gonna emphasize, or whether you just kind of do it in a more improvisational way.

7 (26m 27s):
Well, I do a lot of things. I break down scripts into beats, dramatic beats in the context of a scene, what one particular thing is trying to do, what the next thing is trying to do, and what explains what and why, which leads me to things that have to be together that don't have a breath, and things that can be breathed between, it's not a science, but it's, it's just good old fashioned theater training where you learn to understand the purpose of each particular scene and what a sentence does in terms of moving that scene along, or defining what came before it or what's, excuse me, what's going to come after it?

7 (27m 17s):
And doing something textual, like a Bible verse. You want to do it as straight as you possibly can to make sure that the quotation marks are there. And after that, the explanation of what it may mean in this way, or it may mean in that way until you get to the definitive moment of what it really means is, which is the most serious element of it, you know? But the truth is, you know, you are the weak and I am the tyranny of evil men, which is like the, oh my God, is he gonna kill him? You gotta, you have to have that suspense right there in that moment.

7 (27m 58s):
And then, you know, he shows that he's kind of been redeemed by letting him go, but you just build tension by doing those things. It's kinda hard to explain, even in an, I guess, I was actually talking to somebody yesterday who told me they taking a film class last year and all they studied was Pule fiction. And for the last two weeks they tried to break down the diner scene. I'm, I don't know how you could dissect that movie in one particular way, because it's just impossible to do.

1 (28m 31s):
Well, one of the things you do so effectively is use.

7 (28m 35s):
Well, yeah,

1 (28m 36s):
I mean,

7 (28m 36s):
Book is one of the few guys on screen that allows you to do stuff like that. Because I was actually passing by Jackie Brown the other day and

1 (28m 45s):
Passing by a screen, a screening of Jackie

7 (28m 47s):
Brown. I was watching Between Huh?

1 (28m 48s):
Passing by a screening of Jackie Brown.

7 (28m 51s):
No, I was passing, passing by it on television. Oh, I was channel

1 (28m 53s):
Surfing.

7 (28m 54s):
Channel surfing. Okay. And Jackie Brown was on television, and I was at the scene in, in the Van with De Niro when we discovered the money has been gone and I, see there's number of books in there. and I stopped to think about what happened when we were doing that scene. I would look in the bag, think for a second, and then say, it's Jackie Brown. But Quentin would say, no, take your time. And I'd do it again. I'd count to like five. And he'd say, no, no, no. I mean, you know, go through the whole thing and think about, you know, how these books got here, what was going on in that place, da, da, da. And realize it's Jackie Brown. Take as much time as you want.

7 (29m 34s):
Which consequently led me to that almost, you know, 22nd pause in that film that he left in it. and I just think that's amazing that, you know, he trusts the fact that an audience is gonna stay with you and start going through the process with you that long. 'cause a lot of times people don't want dead air in a film like that. Especially a thought process. They want to, you know, feed the audience the idea, feed the audience the answer really quick before they get, you know, before they lose their concentration. But Quentin trusts audiences like I do.

1 (30m 6s):
We're listening to the interview I recorded with Samuel L Jackson in 2000. We'll hear more of it as we conclude our series, classic films and movie icons. This is Fresh Air.

Charles Schwab (30m 16s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Charles Schwab with their original podcast, choice ology, hosted by Katie Milkman, an award-winning behavioral scientist and author of the bestselling book, how To Change Choice Ology is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Hear true stories from Nobel laureates, historians, authors, athletes, and more about why people do the things they do. Download the latest episode and subscribe at schwab.com/podcast or wherever you listen.

Mattress Firm (30m 51s):
This message comes from Mattress Firm. How do you sleep at night? Upgrade to the luxurious rest you deserve. With mattress firm's premium selection of top brand mattresses. You can sleep on your new bed for 120 nights. And if you don't love it, mattress Firm will find you a new one or your money back ready to wake up feeling refreshed. Get matched at mattress firm's best sale of the year, the Labor Day sale, and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.

1 (31m 20s):
Now that you're a movie star, you have to use a gun a lot in your films. You were very briefly a security guard when you were a lot younger. I'm wondering two things. One, did you have a gun? No. And two, were you in any real life action scenes and were you able to use the kind of bravado that you can use in movies? Did you ever try that in real life?

7 (31m 42s):
Well, I didn't have a gun when I was a security guard. I had just had a nightstick, which I really didn't want either because I didn't wanna pose a threat to anyone. I was out there as I told them I was a reporter. If I saw something happening, I would call him on a walkie talkie and tell 'em it was happening. Or probably would wait until it was over and then tell them what had had happened. Because I didn't wanna walk up on anybody doing anything. It was just a security job. I don't, I don't try and be the characters that I am on screen in, in real life because I'm not that person. Yeah. I will defend my house and my family and my friends in specific kinds of ways. And I've been in confrontations with people because of that.

7 (32m 24s):
But I don't walk around looking for trouble or I will walk away from trouble, be before. I'll stand up and let something escalate to that point the way it does in movies. Life's a little bit too volatile and people are a little too crazy out here now. and I guess, I I, I used to wonder why Bruce and, and Sylvester and guys like that had bodyguards, but they had bodyguards because people watch them in movies being tough guys. And sometimes a drunk or some guy somewhere out of his mind wants to find out if they really are John McLean or if they're rocky and they want to test themselves in that specific way.

7 (33m 6s):
So you have somebody else to diffuse that, that situation. Hopefully I won't have to be bothered with any of that.

1 (33m 11s):
N now something happened to you in real life that a stunt man might have done if it was a movie. This happened in 1988. You were standing on, I guess you were entering a, a train in New York City and

7 (33m 22s):
I was getting off,

1 (33m 23s):
Actually. You were getting off and, and yeah. Your leg got caught in the closing door.

7 (33m 27s):
Yeah, my ankle was the door closed on my ankle and the train took off. Yes.

1 (33m 31s):
So you were dragged across the platform,

7 (33m 34s):
The length of the platform up? Yeah, almost to, I was in the middle car of the last, I was in the middle door of the last car and was dragged to within a car length and a half of the tunnel. Yeah.

1 (33m 48s):
What went through your mind as you were getting,

7 (33m 50s):
It's gonna be a very sad Christmas. It happened like December, somewhere around December 18th, and I couldn't find anything to hold onto. I was actually trying to figure out a way to get out of it. And there, there were people in the train trying to pull my shoe off. There were people pulling on the door, people pushing on my foot. I was trying to find some way to figure out how I could grab hold of something on the train and get as close to the train as I possibly could as the wall approached swiftly. And then, you know, it was kind of like, okay, this is it. I'm not gonna make it. and I just kinda just kind of started, started thinking about how sad it was gonna be, or you know, who, who was gonna call my house and tell 'em what had happened or whatever. And my, my life never flashed before my eyes, so I guess I should've known I wasn't gonna die as people always tell you, oh, your life flashes before your eyes.

7 (34m 35s):
Well, none of that happened. So, but I was actually thinking of ways to survive.

1 (34m 42s):
So, so the train stopped in the nick of time?

7 (34m 44s):
Yes, I won. Pulled the emergency court.

1 (34m 47s):
And you won a lawsuit in 1996. You won about a half a million dollars.

7 (34m 51s):
Yeah. Were you hurt? Yeah, I had to have my right knee surgically repaired. I mean, it tore all the ligaments and my right knee had complete ACL tear, partial tear of the meniscus, all kinds of cartilage damage. So they had to do a lot of work to fix my knee. and I was on crutches for 10 months and went to rehab for like a year and a half.

1 (35m 13s):
Wow. Now, is there anything that you remember from that experience that you've been able to draw on in a movie? Like what real terror is? What real fear is that you are about to die?

7 (35m 26s):
Hmm. Well, no, I don't give that much thought. 'cause I never felt terrorized actually. It was, it was a, it was a very calming, kinda slow motion kind of thing. It's, it's, it's almost like people describing car accidents where everything kind of goes very slowly until you know it's over and then boom, everything comes, comes back to real life. So I never had that, that element of terror. I've had, you know, some fearful moments in my life, you know, being in a car or geez, being on a plane. I guess maybe when a plane drops enormously while you're riding hits something, you know, hits an air pocket or being disturbed in a storm like that.

7 (36m 9s):
But I don't, I don't terrorize very easily.

1 (36m 12s):
One, I hear more about your life. You were born in 1949 in Washington, DC your parents divorced when you were, how, how old?

7 (36m 21s):
Geez, I don't know. Maybe some months, maybe less than a year old.

1 (36m 25s):
Oh, okay. And then you went to live with your grandparents in Chattanooga where your mother eventually joined you. What was it like moving from the north to the south? Or were you too too young to notice the difference?

7 (36m 35s):
I never even noticed. I was already there when I woke up and realized I was in the south, you know? Right, right, right. I was an infant. So I don't know.

1 (36m 43s):
Were were your parents grandparents or your mother strict with you?

7 (36m 47s):
Yeah, everybody was, yeah. I had, I had a lot of restrictions. I had to be at home at a certain time. I had to make certain grades. I had to treat people with respect. I was expected to achieve certain things. and I was a lot more afraid of, you know, them than I was of the peer pressure. So I kind of did what they wanted me to do and not what everybody else wanted me to do.

1 (37m 14s):
When you say you were afraid of your grandparents and your mother, was that fear of their disapproval? Or was there a more physical kind of punishment?

7 (37m 22s):
Well, I didn't want, I didn't want to embarrass or disappoint them. And I, I actually grew up in the age of corporal punishment. There's something about getting, you know, hit and whipped with switches or whatever that kinda makes, you know, pain a motivator, especially when you're small. The interesting thing about that is people always say, you know, corporal punishment is bad or it's not good, or whatever. For every spanking I got, there was a hug that came along with it that explained to me, you know, how much they loved me and they were sorry they had to do that. But sometimes discipline comes in that form. I would much rather have been whipped and gotten it over with than go through some of those punishment phases, you know, where you can't go here, you can't use a phone for a month.

7 (38m 5s):
You can't, you know, when you're restricted, it's a lot easier to just do it and get it over with.

1 (38m 11s):
No, I, I think I've made it clear that I, I love the way you speak. Did, did your, did your family ever like try to correct your enunciation or did you ever have a teacher who gave you a sense of, of diction? Or is that something that you just had, or maybe you got it in the theater, maybe you were just that way? Well,

7 (38m 30s):
My aunt was a school teacher. She taught fourth grade, basically English and performing arts. So when I was very small, a lot of things were ingrained into me, especially, you know, grammatic things, learning how to conjugate, come on. We all listen to television, we listen to people talk and we kind of go, oh my God. I know I do. Maybe we all don't. But I do sometimes. Or you know, when people say, well, that's what he should have did. And you go, no, no, no. That's very simple. It's very simple, you know. So I was taught at a very early age how to speak, how to conjugate and I guess.

7 (39m 10s):
Learning the diagram sentences in that particular era was a great way of teaching people grammar. I don't even know if they still do it. I mean, my daughter couldn't do it when I was asking her about, you know, sentence structure. She's like, what are you talking about? So I don't know if it's even still taught. But yeah, English was a very huge part of my school training.

1 (39m 35s):
When, when you were growing up in Tennessee, did you see movies in segregated theaters?

7 (39m 42s):
Yeah, we had two theaters, the Liberty and the Grand that were maybe a block from each other where we went to the movies. We weren't allowed to go downtown to the theater, so I didn't even bother. I I just always was going to my theaters. It was fine. Were

1 (39m 57s):
There movies you couldn't see because they didn't come to the black theaters?

7 (40m 1s):
No, there were movies that were edited in specific ways for the whole South. and I mean they didn't just not show 'em in the black community. They didn't show him that, that way in the white communities either. What is that? Drums of the South with Sidney Poitier and Rhonda Fleming, when he was this slave who goes to the north and comes back as a union officer. That was a, a point in that movie where he slaps her 'cause she's like passing for white. And that was a point in the movie where he slaps her. They didn't show that at the white theater, and they definitely didn't, didn't, didn't show it at the, at the black theater because they just weren't gonna show black people hitting white people in the movies.

1 (40m 36s):
We're listening to the interview I recorded with Samuel Jackson in 2000. We'll hear more of it after a break. This is Fresh Air

Chevron (40m 44s):
Support for NPR, and the following message come from Chevron. The anchor offshore platform is utilizing breakthrough technology to enable us to produce oil and natural gas in the US Gulf of Mexico at pressures up to 20,000 PSIA new industry benchmark anchor is part of Chevron's plan to produce 300,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2026 in the US Gulf of Mexico home to some of Chevron's lowest carbon intensity producing operations. That's energy in progress. Visit chevron.com/anchor.

Capella University (41m 19s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Capella University with their game changing FlexPath learning format. Capella empowers you to fit education into your life without putting other priorities on hold. FlexPath lets you set your own deadlines and adjust them. If something comes up and depending on your schedule, you can take courses at your own speed and move on to the next one. When you're ready, imagine how a flexible program can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu

1 (41m 47s):
Let's get back to the interview I recorded with Samuel L Jackson as we conclude our series, classic films and movie icons. When I spoke with him in 2000, Jackson talked about his obsessive personality, which didn't help when he began to develop a heavy cocaine habit in the 1980s. A habit he was able to kick after going to rehab.

7 (42m 7s):
It's, it's, it's easy for me to understand who I am or to, to know what the message was people were trying to get to me when I got to rehab about me and understanding my personality. I mean, all the men in my family basically have died from alcoholism or some form of it. And that means that, yeah, it is a family disease. and I could possibly have that, and I probably did because like all of them, if I bought a six pack of beer, I drank six beers. I didn't drink one and put the other five up, I drank all six of 'em. I never, you know, saved anything for the next day.

7 (42m 48s):
That's my personality.

1 (42m 50s):
Do you think that that obsessive quality, you know, of like you have one, then you have six also has a, a a po po positive side through your acting? I mean, are you obsessive about learning parts and, you know, learning them and well, doing the line readings just the way you wanna do them?

7 (43m 7s):
Yeah. I'm as aggressive about my job and golf as I was about, you know, getting high and, and, and, and having the kind of fun that I used to have. I'm having a lot more fun now because I can remember what fun I had and I can talk to people about it, and nobody's calling me to say, do you really feel that way about me? What, what, what, what are you talking about? So it's, it's, it's better. When I used to wonder how I would live without that, it was mind boggling to me. Will I be as much fun? Will I be able to laugh? Will I even be able to act? All those questions got answered and I'm enjoying my life a lot more.

7 (43m 51s):
And the interesting thing for me is I was a fine actor. I was a good actor and I could do things when I was using, but when I stopped using, I became a much better actor and a lot more successful actor. I don't think that if I went back to using, I would be as successful or everything I have now would find a way to go away because that's not what God intended from me or what my public wants from me in terms of what I give them when they come to see me work.

1 (44m 28s):
My guest is Samuel Jackson. Let's listen to a clip from the 1991 film Jungle Fever, in which Jackson played a crack addict named Gator. He's pleading for money from his family, money they don't want to give him because they know how he'll use it. Here he is trying to wear them down.

9 (44m 44s):
Oh, look at him. I'm a little light though. What? Well, you didn't get your check from Soul Train yet. You know, Don lost my address. Come on, hit me some cash in my head.

1 (45m 5s):
Now you got a special award at the Con Fils Film Festival for your performance in Jungle Fever in which you played a crack addict having been a cocaine user. Were there things that you felt you really understood firsthand about, you know, someone who uses drugs that you could use in that role?

7 (45m 23s):
Oh, definitely. I understood that it was easy to play the effects of being high and just do that on the surface of what's going on with Gator. But I also knew that the family dynamic and how people ruin their relationships with people in, in, in there drug use was the important element of doing that particular role of alienating everybody around him. To the point where when he dies, everybody kinda understands it and knows what his father was going through and how he just collapsed every bridge that he had to humanity by doing that, because we all did it.

1 (46m 11s):
Were you close to doing that, just burning a lot of bridges?

7 (46m 14s):
Oh yeah, definitely. I mean, I had, I had used up everybody's friendship when I said, you know, oh man, I broke so, so, so I need some money to do this. People knew that, okay, he's gonna buy some drugs with that. Or I had alienated everybody in my house, you know, was scared to talk to me. The few friends that I knew, or the few friends I used with, we were all kinda looking at each other strange too, because we were using each other up. So it's a, it, it was really important to me to show that this guy was personable.

7 (46m 53s):
He used his connections to people to use them to abuse those friendships so that in the end he was alone. So by the time he died, his death meant something to the people around him. It, it, it was, it was not so much a tragedy as a relief. And a lot of people that I met or ran into after seeing that film, you know, describe Gator as their brother, their husband, their sons, somebody close to 'em, any family member, because they've all been abused that way.

1 (47m 28s):
You're kind of a sex symbol now.

7 (47m 30s):
No kidding.

1 (47m 32s):
And I'm wondering if like, you see your own body in a different way, you know, now that, now that so many people like would desire you. Do you know what I mean? Now that, now that there's so many people who are, you know, imagining you No, I know Don. I don't, I don't have to keep going, do I?

7 (47m 49s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tell me,

1 (47m 51s):
So do you see yourself differently?

7 (47m 55s):
No, I see myself as the same guy I always was.

1 (47m 58s):
Do you ever sit home alone and bored for a few minutes thinking, well, I may be bored now, but I know a lot of people are probably really thinking about me.

7 (48m 5s):
No, but you know, to be honest, I actually do some days walk the street and I wonder how many people are gonna recognize me today.

1 (48m 15s):
And,

7 (48m 15s):
And I walk through, through crowds of people sometimes to see who will notice that I walk through that crowd. I do that. I mean, I'm not, you know, crazy enough to think that people aren't, aren't going to notice me or I'm not so confident or bored by the attention or bothered by the attention sometimes that I try to avoid it. Sometimes I'm like, you know, just walking around, just trying to see what'll happen if somebody sees me.

1 (48m 49s):
My interview with Samuel Jackson was recorded in 2000, and that concludes our archive series, classic films and movie icons. Tomorrow we're back to new interviews. If Kamala Harris wins the election, she'll be our second biracial president. What it means to be biracial, the meaning of race itself and how that keeps changing is the theme of the novels and the memoir by Tamara's guest, Danzi Sena. Her mother is white and comes from an eminent Boston family. Her father is black and grew up in an orphanage in Alabama. Ziana was born in 1968, a year after the Supreme Court overturned all the state laws that outlawed into racial marriage.

1 (49m 30s):
Her new novel is called Colored Television. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at npr Fresh Air. Fresh air's executive producer is Danny Miller, our technical director and engineer Ji Benham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers and Webo Dondo, Sam Brier, Lauren Renzel, Heidi Seman, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Trialer, Susan kdi, and Joel Wolfram. Special thanks to NPR plus producer Nick Anderson. Our digital media producers are Molly c Neper and Sabrina Seaward.

1 (50m 14s):
Roberta Schrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross.

Discover (50m 22s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor. Discover. When you hear a good idea, it's natural to do a double take. Check this out. Discover will automatically double all the cash back you've earned on your credit card at the end of your first year. See terms at discover.com/credit card.

Wild Card Podcast (50m 41s):
On this week's episode of Wild Card actor, Jeff Goldblum sings his way through our conversation. 1, 2, 3. One is the loneliest number two, just the two of us. We can make it three oh we three. We are not alone. I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPR S Wild Card podcast. the game where Cards Control, the Conversation.