
Support for this NPR podcast and the following message come from Carvana, the convenient way to buy a car online. Carvana has finance options, so you can customize your terms down to the penny or explore a different down and monthly payment options. Get pre-qualified for an auto loan in under two minutes at Carvana dot com.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian Cooley. This week we're featuring our classic films and movie icon series of interviews from our archives today. Westerns first up, Clint Eastwood. He became a TV star as Rowdy Yates on Rawhide, but left that series in midstream to go overseas and make movies with Italian film director Sergio Leone, Eastwood's, stoic, and vengeful character who appeared in several films was dubbed the Man with No Name. But those Italian films made Eastwood not just a star, but an icon. Terry Gross spoke with Clint Eastwood in 1997.


At the time, he was the subject of a biography by film critic Richard Schickel. Well, in some of your action roles and some of your westerns and like Dirty Harry films, not only don't say a lot, but what you do say, you're saying often through clenched teeth, you know, in that, in that really guttural voice. How did you develop that style of speaking? I don't know what you're talking about. Well, I think that the, the character just drives you in, in that is a character who is maybe frustrated with the things that the common person on the street are frustrated with, the bureaucracy that we live in, the nightmare that we as a civilization have placed on ourselves.


And it, I think this is a person who is, who was frustrated with that, especially if you're trying to solve the case in a limited amount of time. So make my day line or the, do you feel lucky punk kind of lines were, were lines that people gravitated towards. Did you have a sense of that reading the script that, you know, presidents would be, you know, making, you know, improvising on those lines and that they'd be, they'd be people just, they would just enter the general vocabulary. Could you read a script and say, these lines are gonna last beyond the film? Nobody can say that for sure.


I think the appeal of some of those early characters was the fact that the, the man would have the right answer. and it was always usually very terse kind of right to the point, but with a little bit of humor involved. So everybody said, God, I would love to be able to do that. Have You ever been able to do that? Have just the right comeback at just the right moment? Very rarely. Right Now when you're, when you're doing a line like, make my day and you know, okay, this is, this is a really good line. Do you like go home and do line readings and go make my day, make my day, make my day, and just do it over and over until you figure out exactly how you wanna do it. Looking into the bathroom right. And mirror and doing some of your best acting Now, Are you talking to me?


No, I don't, I don't go over the lines. I don't, I don't play 'em out loud. I just cut. I'd rather play 'em for the first time when I do 'em. No, really. And I, and I usually do 'em by the motivation of what the feelings are at the time. So I start 'em from what, what the intent is, and then, then let it kind of go out. It's sort of like a blowing through a, a trumpet or something. You start and the sound magnifies as it comes out. If you sit there and practice line readings to yourself, you'll just get confused. I wanna get to your spaghetti westerns, the films you made with Sergio Leone. You started the Sergio Leone films when you were still making Raw Hide, the, the, the TV Western.


How did Sergio Leone get to see Rawhide and decide you were the one to star in his Western? He, he had seen a, an episode that an agency had in Rome, and he had seen an episode and, and they thought, well, here's a chance to hire a, a American actor who has been doing Western but has, is not very expensive. And that they didn't have any right. They didn't have any money to spend. So they, they didn't have a lot of choices as far as names of the moment. There's a lot of really interesting facial closeups in your movies with Sergio Leone.


And he had a very iconographic way of, of shooting faces, particularly your face. And your face in those closeups is often well mysterious un unknowable instead of the fa the facial closeups like reveal revealing this essence of who you are. They reveal the unknowability of, of who you are. And I've always wondered, what were you thinking during those closeups to get the right expression on your face? The first response would be to say absolutely nothing to get the George Kor used to say he'd, he'd tell Greta Garbo sometimes to look into the camera and stare and, and don't think about a thing.


But that, that's maybe a little oversimplification or a weight. He got a certain effect out of her at that time. But you think about what the demands are of, of the plot, usually because this character, though, he wasn't saying a lot, he was plotting a lot. And so you just thought about what your next moves were. It's just a question of thinking like you would in regularly in, in real life. You, you have an inner monologue. Every actor plays an inner monologue as you're playing your outer character. And sometimes your outer character is saying, good evening. It's, it's wonderful to see you, but underneath you might be saying it dirty rotten. So you know, you really don't care. And so that's your inner monologue.


And so I might have been saying something like that to myself at the, the time is, you know, you develop, I don't like these guys. I'd like to, you know, blow 'em all away. But, but, but I'd be very pleasant at the moment. You developed a squint also in some of those closeups. Well, that was just the sunlight and Was it? Yeah. Yeah. They bombed me with a bunch of lights and you're outside and it's 90 degrees. It, it's hard not to squint. Now, in, in Richard Chile's book about you, he says that, you know, rawhide followed a, the, the strict production code of the time. You couldn't show a fired gun and the victim of the bullet in the same shot. There had to be an edit in between. What was your reaction to Sergio Leone's really vivid approach to violence?


Well, it, it, that was true. The Hayes office at that time had a rule for westerns only, ironically. and it, you couldn't show the shoot and the shooter or in the same shot. It couldn't be a tie up shot in other words. So you'd have to do it as an individual cut. And if you look at even later American Westerns of High Noon, you, you won't see the tie up. But s Sergio didn't know about all that, and I wasn't about to tell 'em because I was really enjoying this. It was breaking all, we were trying to break all the moles and, and in breaking all the moles, the, it made those pictures a hit or somewhat of a revisionist idea or a certainly an out outsider's point of view became they became popular.


But they also brought with it some resentment. There were a lot of people felt, who, who was this upstart? We, we didn't come in and bless this guy to come along and we didn't bless these movies to come along an Italian interpretation of the great American genre. So there was a certain resentment that that, that hung around with those pictures. For some time now, as people look back on 'em, they enjoy the fact that there, there was a different, it was a different period and then it went on to somebody else. And Sam Peck and Paul came along later and he did another look at the Western and someone else comes along and does another one. Then I come back to 'em and take another shot and then somebody else down the line.


That way it keeps a great American art form alive. CLINs what I thought that your choice of, of directing and starring in the Unforgiven was such an interesting choice. 'cause it's a movie about a man who goes from bad man to good man to myth. And it's also interesting because it's about, it's about the difficulty of killing someone and what it takes out of you when you do kill someone. And you'd been in so many, so many mythic movies and been in so many movies where the, the character that you played killed a lot of people. So I'm in interested in how you related to the story in the unfor forgiven and how it dealt with myth making and with violence. Well, those exact things that you mentioned are what attracted me to the project.


The fact that, but even though I had done pictures where I've been a police officer and, and Western films where I've done had a lot of gunplay and stuff, it's not that I approved that sort of thing. And I don't necessarily approve of, of the romanticizing of gunplay. And I don't think it's, and I thought here was a chance, here was a story that had sort of shot holes in that, if you'll pardon the pun, you know, and the, and it, it was, it brought out the truth about gun play and the fact that there is some loss to your soul when you commit an act of violence.


And, and to play a person who was deeply affected in his life because of some of the mayhem that he'd been responsible for was, was to me, made the character more interesting. It was more interesting for me to play and, and the, the that particular, in fact, I never thought the film would be really commercial when, when I was making it because it, it had all these statements about, about mayhem and violence and, and I thought maybe this might not be a straight ahead action movie that people wanted. But I, I liked the story and I felt it was worth telling. Well, clin, so I feel like I must talk with you a little bit about music.


Let's listen to this. Oh, give land, lots of land under stories, guys, a above. Don't fence me. Let me ride through the wide open country that I love. Don't fence me, be by myself in the evening. Listen to the murmur of the cottonwood trees. Send me off forever. But I ask you, please don't me just turn me, Terry.


You should have seen the pain in this room. Right? And that's, that's from the album Clint Eastwood sings Cowboy Favorites, and there's a picture of Clint Eastwood as Rowdy Yates on the cover. Roy Hides Clint Eastwood sings Of my favorites. Yeah, I actually, I was the Millie Vanilli of the moment There. I, I did, that wasn't me. Oh, yes, it was. I actually like your singing voice. I, I really do. I mean, this is, this is a strange album with strange arrangements and, and not always good songs, but I, I really like your singing and I, I imagine you, you're also like influenced by Chet Baker and you singing and Well, that wasn't f first place, that wasn't the kind of songs that I would normally like to sing The, the songs on here.


I'd imagine not. Yeah, you got to sing Cole Porter. Don't Fence Me In. There's nothing wrong with that. Cole Porter is certainly wonderful, but what happened is that somebody had the brilliant idea that, that I should do some cowboy songs. Not not country western songs, Nashville type, but, but real straight cowboy songs. And I wasn't sure whether I liked the idea, but they said, well, you'll do it. And we have a session tomorrow. And I said, well, tomorrow I'm leaving. Well, will you do it? You just stop by the studio on the way to the airport. So I did a whole album. You think about people who take six months to, to make an album, but this one that we did the whole album in one session and I didn't know the songs.


I had to come in and, you know, learn 'em real quick. And some of 'em I knew some songs like that you've heard as a child, but you don't really know 'em. And so it was, it was a little frustrating. It wasn't, wasn't my favorite musical experience in life, but it was, you know, there you again, you learn something every day. Would you Like to sing more or play more or No, I, I don't have any, any one of my key sayings, yes, A man must know his limitations. Clean Eastwood speaking with Terry Gross in 1997. Coming up we hear from actor Eli Wallach, who co-starred with Eastwood in the classic Sergio Leone, Western The Good, the Bad and the Ugly This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder and CEO Ron Russon shares why Saatva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At Sofa, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice. Save up to $600 through Labor Day weekend@tva.com slash NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Discover, wouldn't it be great to go to twice as many concerts? Well, here's music to your ears. Discover automatically doubles the cash back earned on your credit card at the end of your first year with cashback match. Put that toward a double the reunion tours. Imagine getting to see your favorite band when they get back together and break up again. It pays to discover. See terms at discover.com/credit card.


Eli Wallach already had played villains in westerns before he appeared opposite Clint Eastwood as Tuco in the Good, the Bad and the Ugly Tuco was the ugly one and also was one of the toughest of the tough guys. In the 1960 movie, the Magnificent seven, Terry Gross spoke with Eli Wallach in 1990 and asked him how he got that part. When I first read the script, I said, well, I wanna play the the crazy. It was based on the Seven Samurai. I wanna play the Crazy Samurai. Oh no. They said, that's the love interest horse. Ose is gonna play it. What do you want me to play? They said, the head bandit. I said, well, in the Japanese movie you just see his horse's hoofs and he's a man with an eye patch.


I don't wanna play that. Then I read the script carefully and I come in, ride into town on the first minute of that movie, shoot somebody and ride out. The next 50 minutes of that movie are devoted to me saying, is he coming back? When is he coming? I said, I'll do it, I'll do it. And I loved, I used to arrive on the set early in the morning, put on my outfit, get on my horse with my 35 bandits, and we'd go for an hour ride through the, through the brush in Lan in Mexico. And I loved it. I loved it. Did you have to learn gun play and horse riding for the role? No. If it says I shoot somebody, I shoot them.


I'll never forget what my son said. You'll bring a shot and killed me in this movie. And my son was about seven and he said to me, gee, dad, couldn't you out draw Yu Brenner? I said, Peter, when you read the script, you read whether your shot or not shot. So I I love, I love those kind of films. They're fun. Now, another famous western that you did is the good, the Bad and the Ugly right now this was, this was the, this is the most celebrated of the Spaghetti westerns. Correct. And the director Sergio Leone, is now considered one of the great directors of our time. He was not known though, when you worked with him on the Good, the Bad and the Ugly.


Did you think of him as a great or potentially great director then? No, I, when I was making a film in California, when the agent out there said, there's an Italian here, who wants you to be in a movie? I said, what kind of movie? He said, A western. I said, he said A spaghetti western. I said, that's an anomaly. That's like Hawaiian pizza. I don't know. He said, he wants you to look at a few minutes of one of his other movies. And I looked at a few minutes and I said, I'll do it. Where do you want me to go? He said, I want you in Rome on such and such a date. And I arrived and I spent the next four and a half months working every day on that movie. and it was an exhilarating experience. Well, no, what had he seen of yours?


Evidently the magnificent seven. So that, I don't know how, you never know how things happen in the movies. Did it seem ironic to you that that you and Clint Eastwood who had played an American westerns were now making a western for an Italian director? Originally all those Italians changed their names. Two of the biggest stars in Italy are Terrence Hill and Bud Spencer. Their real names are Mario Girotti and Carlo Poli. And they changed their names because no one wanted to go and see Italians playing westerns. But I, after the good, the Bad and the Ugly, I spent about six years off and on in Italy doing westerns.


You you played a, a Mexican in the Good bed and the ugly. Yep. So once again, you had to, you had to do a Mexican accent, but it was a light one. It was kind of light Mexican accent. I wanna play a short clip from the movie. Oh, okay. And this is, this is a scene, if anyone remembers the, the story I'm sure of a, a lot of our listeners do, you and Clin East would have the scam going, there's a big price on your head. Right? So Clint Eastwood brings you into the law and just, just as they're about to hang you, he cuts you loose and you both ride away and you split the bounty. Exactly. So you, you split the price that that was on your head. So this was after, this was after the first time when you're about to be behind Clint East would freeze you and you, and you're splitting up the penalty.


Right. There are two kinds of people in the world, my friend, those with the roper around their neck and the people who have the job of doing the cutting. Listen, the neck at the end of the rope is mine. I run the risks. So the next time I want more than half, You may run the risks, my friend, but I do the cutting. We cut down my percentage cigar, I interfere with my aim. But if you'll miss you, I better miss very well whoever double crosses me and leaves me alive.


He understands nothing about ko, nothing. I love that little sadistic laugh at the end, but I Don't think it's a very good Mexican accent. I I, you know, it, it's standardized. It, it isn't, I didn't do the, the cliche of I think maybe I do la you know, I don't, I didn't do that. I, I wanted specifically to be clear in what I was saying, The, the good of the Bad and the Ugly is really one of the most kind of brutal sadistic westerns In way No, it's done with tongue in cheek. It's not brutal. I know, I know. It is it, I know there's a lot of humor in it, but what, what kind of mood did Leone or Leone? I'm never sure which it is. Leone did tell you that he wanted One, one of the things he said to me, he said, I want every shot to be done like Vermeer.


I want the light to come in from the side windows. And he said to me, I don't want you to have your gun in a holster. I said, where will I put it? He said it with a lanyard around your neck. I said, oh. And then it dangles between my knees, right? He said, yeah. He said, when you want it, you twist your shoulders. And I cut, and the gun is in your hand. I said, show me. He put it around his neck, he twisted his shoulder, he missed the gun. It hit him in the groin. He said, keep it in your pocket. So that's, that's It's interesting that you became a kind of action hero when you were, well, probably in your fifties already When, when the good the Bad and the Ugly And the Magnificent seven.


Yeah, I was No, you must've in your forties in the Magnificent seven. But you know, like today, most action heroes are are a lot younger. It's like they start off in their twenties and thirties playing that kind of role. Yeah. Did, did you, did you feel like it was an odd match? Well, you wear very tight pants in these, in these movies. And to get up on a horse, I, they'd always have to cut. I'd put my foot in the stir, but then they'd cut away to somebody looking at me. And the next thing I was on the horse see? So, no, I tell you in the good, the Bad and the Ugly, I did most of the stunts and they were very dangerous. I was sitting on a horse with a noose around my neck, and Clint's supposed to shoot the rope, then it, they put a little charge of dynamite in the rope and it would explode.


And then I would ride off on this horse. I said, did you put any cotton in the horse's ears? They said, what do you mean cotton in the horse? I said, he can hear the explosion. He's gonna be terrified. My hands are tied behind me. Well, they didn't do it. They shot the rope and that horse took off. I, now I'm riding not using reigns, just using my knees and praying that that horse would eventually stop. And eventually he did. but it was frightening Actor Eli Wallach speaking with Terry Gross in 1990. He died in 2014. Coming up we talk about the films of Italian director Sergio Leone, who bucked the traditional Hollywood Western for his own version.


Also, what it's like to jump on the back of a galloping horse while it's pulling a stage. Coach, we hear from stuntman Hal Needham, I'm David Bean Cooley, and This is Fresh Air. The Neubauer Family Foundation supports WH Y's, Fresh Air, and its commitment to sharing ideas and encouraging meaningful conversation.


Support for NPR comes from the station and from Bank of America, offering access to resources and digital tools designed to help local to global companies make moves to their businesses. Learn more at Bank of America dot com slash banking for business.


And from indeed designed to be an end-to-end hiring solution for businesses of all sizes to attract interview entire candidates all from one platform. Learn more at indeed.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from Better Help. It's back to school time. And even if you haven't been to school in a while, you can still learn a thing or two, particularly about yourself. Therapy can help you do just that by helping you discover your strengths, set boundaries, and adopt new coping skills and Better Help. Online Therapy is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Visit better help.com/npr to save 10% on your first month. That's better. HE p.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Land's End Outfitters. You've worked hard to build your brand. So why settle for one Size fits all clothing Land's End Outfitters creates apparel your employees truly want to wear. See why Land's End Outfitters has been a branded apparel supplier to some of the world's most respected brands for more than 30 years. Go to business.lanzen.com/pod 20 and use Code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product. That's business.lanzen.com/pod 20. Code Pod 20.


Let's continue with our series about classic films and movie icons featuring interviews from our archives. Today we're looking at westerns and though it's common to think of the genre as classically American, thanks to the films of John Ford and others. In the 1960s, some of the best westerns were imported from Italy. That's when the Italian director, Sergio Leone, made such films as a fistful of dollars for a few dollars more the good, the Bad and the Ugly. And once upon a time in the West, his brutal westerns revived the genre, made a movie star of Clint Eastwood and created a visual style that influenced many film directors around the world.


He also introduced many of us to the film music of any o Moroni. Yet despite all that Leone's films at the time were disparagingly called Spaghetti Westerns. In 2005, Terry Gross spoke with Christopher Fraley, one of the world's leading experts on Leone at the time. Fralin had written the book Once Upon a Time in Italy, the Westerns of Sergio Leone. What's a scene from Leone's First Western, A fist full of dollars that you loved in 1967 when you first saw it and that you still love now that you could describe for us, Gosh, four or five bad guys sitting on a five bar gate in the main street of a fly blown Spanish town standing in for a northern Mexican town.


And the, the man with no name, the hero walks up to them and there's this satisfying sort of crunch on the soundtrack as his boots walk down the main street and lots of dust, and they start in, in true macho style, they start abusing each other and they start laughing at him. And he looks down and lights his cigarillo and says, my mule don't like you laughing. He gets the crazy idea. You're laughing at him now if you just apologize to my mule. And then there's silence and there's a whirring sound on the soundtrack, and you get the eyes and you get the puff of smoke and suddenly an explosion and all five bad guys fall off the, the five bar gate. It's, it's an ama it's a sort of parody of the Western confrontation.


It's so extreme and very, very stylish. and it was the first really big closeup of the young Clint Eastwood who was fantastically good looking in those days, only with a designer stubble smoking a charro with his eyes screwed up as he looked into the sun. It's a very memorable moment. It's stayed with me ever since. Well, I think we should hear that scene because it's classic Clint Eastwood talking between his teeth. So, so here, here's that scene that you're talking about and the explosion that we hear at the end is, is is him shooting all those guys who are waiting for him, Amigo person, stranger. and you get the idea. We don't like to see bad boys like you in town. Go get your mule.


You let him get away from you. See, that's what I wanna talk to you about. He's feeling real bad, Huh? My mule. You see, he got all riled up when you in fired those shots of his feet. Hey, you making some kind of joke? Mm, No. You see, I understand you, man. Were just playing around, but the mule just doesn't get it. Of course. If you were to all apologize, I don't think it's nice you laughing.


See, my mule don't like people laughing. It's the crazy idea you're laughing at him. Now if you apologize, like I know you're going to, I might convince him that you really didn't mean it. That's a scene from Sergio Leone's First Western, a fistful of dollars. Why did Sergio Leone love westerns?


Why did he wanna make them in Italy? Well, you've gotta imagine a a a child growing up in 1930s, Rome at a time when Mussolini was the dictator. And when most American movies were banned and those that were seen were dubbed into Italian. And the young Leoni first saw his West Hollywood western movies in the 1930s at that time. And his heroes were Gary Cooper and Clark Gable and films like Stagecoach. And to him, they represented an absolute model of freedom. The white, he lived in suburban Rome in cramped conditions, and he saw these wide open spaces, this unimaginable desert that goes on forever.


He saw these car, he couldn't understand what they were saying. He couldn't, he never heard the, the, in fact, he never learned to speak English. Sergio ii that's what's so extraordinary. But he, he, they, they were, they were dubbed into a different language, not very well, but nevertheless, they, they, they clicked in his mind. Then in the 1950s when he went into the film industry, he found that nobody was really very interested in the Western. A lot of Hollywood veteran directors went over to Italy to make epics. Films like Ben Hur and Helen of Troy and Tis and Leoni hung around these films. Sometimes he was the assistant director and he talked to directors like Fred Zimmerman who'd made High Noon, Robert Aldrich who'd made the last sunset and Apache and films like that.


And they all said to him, the western's dead. It's finished. We don't make westerns anymore. So basically Leoni made westerns because Hollywood had stopped making them. And because in Europe and particularly in Italy, there was this huge interest in the Western and a huge knowledge of it as well. So the whole thing starts in a kind of folk memory of American Westerns that went back to the 1930s. And it's partly political. But the other thing was that Leone felt that Westerns had got a bit talky. There was too much tor in them. He liked westerns where Rin Tin Tin did all the thinking, you know, old fashioned westerns where lots and lots of action and not too much talk. He didn't like psychology. Freudian Freudian westerns got on his nerves.


Well, You know, but he knew he was making, he knew he was making westerns that were different from American ones. Like he, he said, and I think this is to you that he said this in, in your interview with him, that, that John Ford, the great director of westerns, was full of optimism, whereas I, on the contrary, am full of pessimism. Well, that's the thing. He loved the, the look of the Western and the idea of the Western and the fairytale of the Western. But he didn't like some of the ideologies for, he didn't like John Wayne very much. And some of the, the sort of crusading element of the western that you got in fifties and early sixties, westerns so loved the visuals, didn't like the ideology very much. So he takes the concept of the Western and makes it much, much more cynical.


I mean, the hero, for example, when people ask him, why are you doing this for us? As someone actually asks in the fistful of dollars, the first of his westerns, why are you doing this for us? Instead of saying, you know, because a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do. Or there's some things a man can't just ride around, things like that, that he says $500, he works strictly for ready cash. So he has a very streetwise 1960s cash only attitude to life. And this was a very different kind of hero to the old fashioned crusading hero. And I think that the modern movie action hero begins with the Clint Eastwood character in a fistful of dollars where you identify with the hero not because of what he believes in anymore.


'cause he doesn't actually believe in anything you identify with him because of his style. You know, the way he wears his clothes, the way he walks, the personal style of the man. And that of course is, is the basis of identification of all modern action heroes. And I think it begins with Clint Eastwood in a fist full of dollars. Let's talk a little bit about the casting in those westerns. His, his casting is so good. Of course, Clint Eastwood is the most famous character in his westerns, the Man With No Name in, in, in, in the Fistful of Dollars. Trilogy Clint Eastwood was known as Rowdy Yates on Rawhide, the TV cattle herding series. What did Leoni see in Eastwood, you know, in the mid 1960s when he cast him?


Well, it, it was partly because Clint Eastwood wasn't very expensive. He, he came for 15, $16,000 in those days and they had a very, very limited budget on fist full of dollars. But mainly he wasn't the first choice either that Leoni had in mind. Henry Fonder, right at the, even at that early stage, he had in mind James Coburn and one or two other actors, but they all proved to be and Charles Bronson. And they all proved to be either too expensive or they didn't read the script. and it has to be said, the script in its early stages, which was badly translated from the Italian, is a very peculiar read. We will go to the Hill of Boots, you know, that sort of thing.


And so I'm not surprised that they turned it down. Then S Leone watched an episode of Rawhide on 60 millimeter in Rome at an agency and saw Clint Eastwood. And what he saw was this man who walks in this very cat-like light way, that light Californian voice the squint of his eyes. And the legend has it, I dunno if it's true or not, that Leoni started coloring in the picture with some stubble and some rough clothes. Sheepskin waist coat, a dirty denim shirt, roughed him up a bit, made a lot of makeup. There's a lot of makeup in these films, the surprising amount by today's standards to make him look much more dark. And sunburnt. He wanted a a, a sort of rougher character.


And of course the sherut, the cigar. 'cause in the 1960s the Sherut was sort of masculine and hard and a controlled person. So he roughed, Clint Eastwood up a bit, and together they discussed the part. I think that Clint Eastwood is probably the only actor in history who's actually fought hard for less lines that he read the script and thought he was saying much too much, it was much too talky. And he had these long speeches of motivation and everything, and Clint Eastwood just put a line through them and said, look, you can say this in one line. Christopher Fraley speaking with Terry Gross in 2005 coming up broken bones and near death experiences we hear from former stunt man, Hal Needham.


This is Fresh Air,


This message comes from NPR sponsor NetSuite. The less your business spends, the more margin you keep. But today, everything costs more. Head to NetSuite dot com slash story to learn how smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle.


Okay, so tell me if this sounds like you, you love NPRs podcasts, you wish they weren't interrupted by sponsor breaks like this one. and you want to support NPR R'S mission of creating a more informed public. If this does sound like you, then it's time to sign up for perks across more than 20 podcasts with the NPR r plus bundle Learn more at plus dot npr.org. If you are hearing this, that means you haven't gone sponsor free with NPR Plus, join us on the plus side for awesome podcast perks across more than 20 NPR podcasts, including bonus episodes behind the scenes content sponsor free listening and more. Learn more and sign up@plus.npr.org and never hear this promo again.


Hal Needham probably was one of the most famous Hollywood stunt doubles. He did all kinds of stunts in all kinds of movies, but he got his start in Western movies and TV shows such as Laramie Laredo and Have Gun Will Travel on that show. He was the show's stunt coordinator and the stunt double for its star Richard Boone. After many years of jumping on horses and stage coaches and falling from great heights after being shot, Hal Needham became famous for car stunts. Terry Gross spoke with him in 2011 when he had written a memoir called Stunt Man, my Car Crashing, plane Jumping Bone, breaking Death, defying Hollywood Life.


Now, what were some of the standard western stunts of the fifties and sixties when you were making the westerns? Well, it had mostly to do with what we call a saddle fall where you get shot and fall off the horse. We did horse falls, raring falls, wagon wrecks, buggies and so on. And so a thing called a bulldog where the bad guy's trying to get away, the good guy comes up behind him, jumps from his horse and then knocks the guy off the horse and it normally winds up in the big fight. And we did high falls and some roping stuff and pretty well covered the major of them anyway. Yeah. Now one of, one of your early stunts was four have gun will travel and you were jumping from a rock about 30 foot high onto a stage coach that was moving by.


Oh yeah. Yes. And you're supposed to land on the top of the stage coach as it rides by. Tell us what happened. Well, first of all, that was my second stunt on have gun will travel. I had double boomed the day before and he was kind of impressed. And he said, all right, you can do some stuff tomorrow. I got out there and they said, can you jump from that rock to the top of a coach as it's going by as it's passing? I said, I think so. So anyway, the rock was 30 feet high and the top of a coach is six feet long and four feet wide. They said, you wanna see a rehearsal? I said, why not? They brought that thing under me and I thought I might have let my alligator mouth overload my jaybird back in again.


But because it really looked small, it looked like a postage stamp. Anyway, they brought the coach through and I hit it right in the center. As matter of fact, I broke through the top right up to my armpit and that kind of shocked the folks inside the coach. And when they got a stop, Boone came over and offered me the job of being the stunt coordinator as well as his double on half gun little travel. So lemme ask you, when you're jumping off a 30 foot high rock onto a moving stage coach, the top of which looks like a postage stamp because it's so re relatively small from the height that you're at, what kind of mental calculation do you do to figure out when to jump?


You know what you, you can't say, alright, when the coach gets there to that mark, I'm gonna jump, you just have to look at it because you don't know how fast those horses gonna be run anything else. It's just a thing that, it's a clock inside of you that you say now and you go, then there's no way to set a mark or anything like that to, to leave the rock. Now, on that stunt, was there protection for you? Like if you missed the coach, was there a padding on the ground? Nothing. Nothing, Nothing. It, it'd be impossible. They, first of all, they'd have to pad the road in front and behind and the horses can't go through that and over the side they'd have to camouflage it.


No, it's just too much of a problem. And if you say you can do it, they expect you to do it. I say this with the greatest of respect. I think you have to be crazy to be a stunt man like you. I, I won't argue at that point. Okay, so one of the standard shots that you'd have to do is like, you're the bad guy and you're being shot and you have to fall. So You mean fall off the horse or fall off a what? Fall off a balcony. Fall off a horse. Fall off a rock. You've fallen off all of them. So, so say like, you're falling, you're shot, you're falling off from a, from a height. Yeah. So when you started making westerns, what protection was there for you to fall onto?


Well, when I started, and that's a long time ago, they would take sawhorses, you know, like carpenter's shoes. They'd take those and they'd put one by 12 pine, one by twelves across the top, put some cardboard boxes underneath it and put a mattress or two on top of it. And that's what the save save you from being killed because the boards would bend about six inches and then they'd all break and then the boxes would catch you. So that's what they had. And believe me, 45, 50 feet in, in off of that, into those about all you could handle. It sounds so makeshift.


Oh, it, it, it definitely was. but it, it, you know, that's, that's a, they could come up with at the time. And, and I'm gonna be really braggadocious here. I'm the one that brought airbags into the stunt world. What's the highest jump you've done? A hundred feet. You say One of the most dangerous stunts in westerns, and if you've seen in Western, you've seen this one. It's the stirrup drag where a guy falls off his horse, but his leg is still in the stirrup and the horse keeps galloping, dragging the cowboy across the ground over rocks and brush and who knows what else? Why is that the most dangerous Western stunt? Well, there's a couple of things. Matter of fact, I saw one of our stuntman get killed doing a, a stir up drag.


Wow. He had to go through the gate of a entrance to a ranch, and when he fell off the horse, the horse, you rehearse 'em. So they'll go where you want 'em to go. Well, this horse didn't follow where he is supposed to go. And he, when, when he came to the gate, he swung around the horse dead and it flung the guy way out to the side and he hit his set on the post fence post and killed him. So that's the reason it's so dangerous. One reason, the other is when you fall off the horse and hit the ground, you're tied to the horse with a cable to the stir up. And when you hit the end of that cable, it flings you back under the horse's feet, his back feet.


And so you gotta put one foot up against the horse's belly to keep yourself from being stepped on by his back feet. It's pretty dangerous. Now, the way we get released, you have a release on your foot to the cable and you just put a little wire up to your belt and you pull that and that's supposed to release you. If that doesn't work, you have a second release on hook to, with a cable, something back, way back by camera. And that releases the whole saddle. And if that doesn't work, you put two or three what you hope are your buddies on the fastest horses you can find, and they're called pickup men. They get out there and they see you're in trouble.


They're supposed to come in, stop the horse and get you loose. It's, it's really, really dangerous. Were You ever hurt during one of those yourself? Thank God. No, I never was. And I've done quite a few of 'em and I just got lucky. So what goes through your mind when a stunt man is, is killed is that it must be a very sobering experience. We're all aware of the fact that it can happen and hopefully when you get ready to do the stunt, you've got it figured out, you got your confidence up, you say this is gonna be okay, and you go for it. And when something goes wrong, we all understand it because we've all had things go wrong.


One stunt I did, I broke my back. Six rib punctured along, knocked out some teeth. That wasn't the way I had it planned at all. Yeah, I'm sure it wasn't one of your most dangerous stunts was for a western little big man about Custer's last stand. Right. And so describe the stunt that you had to do here. Dustin Hoffman and his wife are heading west and they're on a, in a stage. Goat's got a six up a horse, horse's hook to it, they get attacked by the Indians, the shotgun guard gets shot off the coach, the driver turns chicken and he's up there hu in the, in the boot of the coach hiding. So the horses run away a stuntman Dublin, dusty got out of the coach, climbed up on the seat and jumped to the closest horse to the coach.


I, as an Indian, came up on the outside and transferred my horse to the one right next to him. Then he stands up and jumps from that horse to the back of the one ahead of him. And I follow him then does it again out to the leader. And I followed him out there. So we, we did that three times, but we did the whole scene 13 times. And here's what's really hard to believe, we had to do a standing broad jump from the back of one horse to the back of the next one of 14 feet. And I tell you what, there's no athlete, I don't think can do that standing still.


These are horses that are in motion. Oh, they're galloping. They're run away. Yeah, run away. Yeah. Coach running away. When we were training the horse to accept us jumping on their back and everything, the way we found we could jump the feathers was to get in motion, get in sync with a horse. So when he pushed off his back feet, we would use his momentum to get us that exited two or three feet so we would get to the next horse. It was the toughest physical stunt I ever did in my life. Now I the toughest, I hate to bring this up, but it had you failed, you would've been trampled by the horses. Oh, well. Or run over by the coach, depending on where you were. Yeah. You'd had two, four, or six horses run over you plus a 4,000 pound coach.


Yeah. You couldn't fail if you, if you messed up, you was gonna be in big trouble. So you worked with a lot of horses doing westerns. You owned horses, you trained horses. Two of your most beloved horses were named Hondo and Alamo and Hondo lost his life as a result of a stunt. He broke his leg doing a stunt. Yep, That's right. What, what, what happened? Well, you know, matter of fact, it was on little Big man. I played the engine and it came down to jump from my horse to the horse on pulling the coach. The director wanted a shot of me coming off the hillside prior to that shot, prior to me transferring.


So he said, come fast, you can. I said, all right. and it was fall and the hillside, the grass was all dead and everything. So here I come off field just as fast as Hondo could run. And in the blink of an eye, I was sailing through the air and he, he had stepped in a golfer hole and broke his leg. And so he slid a long way. So do I. And I looked back and I could see he was trying to get up. So I went back and to take a survey and see what was wrong and so on. And I realized he had broken his leg. So I held him down. Here's the part that I think is shows how much I love the horse.


The, we were way out in, out in the country. And I said, is anybody got a gun? When a horse breaks a leg? Unless he's a thoroughbred or something, you, you destroy him, you put 'em out. So I said, anybody got a gun in the prop? Man said, no, I don't have one. And my buddy said, well, he had one in the car. So I said, go get it. and it came back and handed me back nothing, you know, I could not shoot that horse. And the reason I had to shoot him or somebody had to shoot him was, they said, if you don't get a vet out here and verify that he had a broken leg before you kill him, you can't collect the insurance. I said, well hell, it's gonna take an hour and a half, two hours to get a vet out here.


I don't want that horse to lay there suffering. Get me a gun. You know. So anyway, we wound up shooting him and don't tell me a big man, don't cry. 'cause I did. Did it change how attached you allowed yourself to become to your stunt horses? No. You, you know what? I made so much money with 'em and I was such buddies with 'em. I, I'll tell you two stories if you'll let me. One was, I had one of 'em and I was just practicing a little bit and I fell and came up in my, I was in my backyard or right close to my backyard. My wife is out there and I fell this horse and I was sitting there, I sat up on my butt and I was just sitting there on the ground and he came up and he put his head over my shoulder and I scratched his chin under his chin.


My wife said, if you did that to me, we'd get along a hell of a lot better. You know, so that's, that's how. But also, I have a thing in, in my book about when, when a horse, if, if I got two together, I kept those two together all the time. So they'd become buddies when you take one away, the other one would just pace back and forth in the crow until they worked up a sweat. Or sometimes if they're ill, a little ill, they got a stomach ache or something, they'll do the same thing. I've been known to go out in the crow with 'em out in the barn, take some hay and make myself a bed and get a tarp and just cover up and sleep with them out there in the barn with them.


When I do, they calm down immediately, you know, and they'll come over and sniff me and eventually they'll start eating the hay I'm laying on and things like that. You gotta have that rapport with him to understand him. Former stuntman, Hal Needham speaking with Terry Gross in 2011. He died in 2013. On Monday show, we conclude our series of classic films and movie icons with interviews from our archive with Spike Lee and Samuel L. Jackson, who has been in Spike Lee's film's. Jungle Fever, do the Right Thing, Mo Better Blues School Days and Shirac, I hope you can join us.


Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. For Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley, I'm David Bian Cooley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America Company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered Broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


Waylon, how much do you think it would cost to buy one of those big digital billboards in Times Square to promote our show? The indicator from Planet Money in Big lights. Ugh. In this economy. I mean, you're probably right, but this question is the exact kind of thing that we find answers to on our show. We take one big economic idea, make it understandable, and you know, even fun. That's The indicator from Planet Money and NPR.