
This episode's sponsor is Carvana, which offers the following message. Whether you're looking to sell your car in a hurry or thinking about parting ways with your trusty ride, Carvana is the convenient way to sell your car. Go to Carvana dot com to get an offer for your vehicle in seconds.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross Today, classic films and movie icons. From now through Labor Day, we're featuring a series of interviews from our archive with Steven Spielberg, Meryl Streep, Samuel L. Jackson, Dennis Hopper, Clint Eastwood, Jody Foster, Molly Ringwald, and Moore. Later on today's show, we'll hear my interview with Robert Duvall, who played the Corleone family lawyer, Tom Hagen in the Godfather movies, and the macho surfing obsessed Colonel Kilgore in Apocalypse. Now, we'll start with a British actor who is one of the most distinctive voices in movies, Michael Caine. But before we hear his voice, we'll hear from two people imitating his voice.


Here's Steve Coogan and Rob Bryden in their 2010 movie, the Trip Competing Over Who could Do the Best Michael Caine impression? Well, broadsheet journalists have described my impressions. A stunningly accurate, well, they're wrong. I've not heard your Michael Caine, but I assume it would be something along the lines of My name's Michael Caine. That is where you are so wrong. And you can look at my live video to proof. Let's, 'cause that's the very thing I don't do. I say that he used to talk like that. Do you? Michael Caine. Okay. I say Michael. Caine used to talk like this in the 1960s, right? But that has changed. And I say that over the years, Michael's voice has come down several Okta, let me finish. And all of the cigars and the brandy, don't let me finish it can now be heard.


Okay? I've not finished in the back of the voice and the voice. Now we, I've still not finished the voice because you're panicking. I've, because you look like you're about a bloody talk. Let me finish. Right. So Michael Kate's voice, now in the Batman movies and in Harry Brown, I can't go fast because Michael Kate talks very, very slowly. Right? This is how Michael Caine speaks. Michael Caine speaks to his nose like that. He gets very, very specific. It's very like that. When he gets loudly, it gets very loud indeed.


It gets very specific. It's not quite nasal enough the way you are doing it. Alright? You're not doing it the way he speaks. You are not doing it with the kind of, and you don't do the broken voice, but it gets very emotional, but it gets very emotional. Indeed, she was only 16 years old. She was only 16. You are only supposed to blow the bloody doors off. That's Michael King, According to IMDB. Michael Caine has been in over 170 films. He became famous in the sixties in movies like Alfie playing a Playboy. And the I course file as a crook turned secret agent. He won Oscars for his performances in Hannah and her Sisters and the Cider House roles, and starred in dirty Rotten scoundrels, Mona Lisa, educating Rita, dressed to kill and was Batman's Butler in the Dark Night films.


Kane retired from acting last year at the age of 90. I spoke with him in 1992 after the publication of his autobiography. What's it all about? He wrote about his birth in the charity ward of a hospital coming of age in a working class neighborhood. And his rise as a movie star Cana said that an actor's eyes are his most important asset. An actor's voice is the second most important asset. I asked Kane how he realized his own voice was an asset. Well, I realized that when I first went into the theater, my natural voice, having a cockney accent for a start was a difficult, but also it's where the voice is placed and cockneys naturally talk.


I, I'll try and get up there. It, it's right up in the throat here. It'd rather like John Major, our Prime Minister. He talks like that. And his, and, and, and, and the trick was to bring my voice down to, to the diaphragm. If, if you could imagine if it's right up here in the throat. And then they bring it down a little bit further, like another one of our politicians who talks like, like that. And it's rather strangulated. But if you're gonna boom out in the theater without deafening the people at the front, you've gotta be able to protect your voice. And my first wife taught me how to do that in about 20 minutes. And that was the most important thing that ever happened to me with my voice, which was it was placed.


And the second thing was that over a period of years, I never went to the normal diction lessons that you had. British actors always spoke terribly like that. And they all spoke exactly the same because they all learned how to speak at Radha, the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. And what happened to me is I worked on my own. 'cause I was never a trained actor, and I worked on my own voice. So what happened was, as I came out, out of it with, with a voice that was correctly placed by accident and, and a very, very individual accent, my accent is so individual that people who don't recognize me by sight, the minute I open my mouth, they know who I am. Absolutely.


Absolutely. Now, when you decided to work on your accent, what did you do to work on it? Well, I didn't do anything really because I went into repertory. And which means that I, I'd used to do a play a week for 50 weeks a year. And so I was always playing someone, someone different. And in England, we have a lot of regional accents, lots of class accents. And so I could do almost any accent. So it, it, it, what I actually did was I kept my own voice. What actually altered my voice tremendously was, was becoming a movie actor in the United States. When Alfie was released here, the first inkling I got that it was going to be released in America at all, because I'd never been to America when Alfie was made.


And I didn't expect the film to, to come over here. But the first inkling I got was they said, you've gotta do 125 loops, which means lines of dialogue, which are on a, on a sort of tape loop to make it more understandable to the American ear. And so I, I did 125 American Loops. And, and if, if you actually listen to the American version of Alfie, it sounds as though I can't do a cockney accent because I keep getting it wrong. But I mean, it was deliberate. But also I very quickly realized that it, it wasn't the rhythm of the voice that worried the Americans. It was the speed, the, the British speak very, very quickly and very, very in a very clipped way.


As a matter of fact, I I lived in America for a long time. I lived for nine years in Los Angeles. And I had, I remember one on one occasion I had been in America without leaving for about 10 months. I hadn't been back to England. And I was watching a British film on television with everybody talking terribly like that. The British clipped away. And I suddenly realized I couldn't understand what anybody was talking about. And I, I realized the American problem. It's, it's because we, we cut off the end of words, And. we talk terribly, terribly quickly. Did your cogni accent stand in your way at all when you were first starting to make movies? 'cause also, 'cause England has a much more rigid class system in a way than America does.


Although we certainly have a class system here. Yeah. Well, the, you have a class system here, but you can't tell it by people's accents in England. You can, I can listen to a person and I'll tell you how much his house costs, how much he earns, what sort of car he drives after listening to him for, for three minutes. That's how, that's how defined by accents you are. The, the only drawback with a, with a cockney accent was nobody, of course would put you into Shakespeare because you, you know, you have to learn how to speak in, in, in verse and iambic pentamers and everything. But even that, I did, I, I did Horatio, I played Horatio to Christopher Blum's Hamlet on television and got away with it.


But normally in England, in the theater, when I came into it, there were no leading parts written for anybody in my natural accent. I always had to put on a a another accent. So in actual fact, from that point of view, it did hold me back a a bit for a while. Now, in the movie Dirty Rutten Scoundrels, which was made just a few years ago in the states, you and Steve Martin starred, and you were this really kind of upper class elegant womanizer who, who came onto wealthy women and scammed them and took their money. Whereas Steve Martin was a real kind of nickel and dime scam artist out, out for the same thing, wealthy women.


And you taught him how to really do the more aristocratic version of it. What kind of accent did you use for That? Well, that, that would be the, the British upper middle class accent. It was always the people, the upper middle class usually have the pretensions of the aristocrat without the class and also the pretensions of the rich without the money. And so what you get is, is someone with absolutely no substance, who is all front. And so you, you, you get a voice, which is terribly like that. And it, it's very smooth and very, very slow. Now, another great role that I have to ask you about your voice and was in Mona Lisa in which you played, you, you, you, you played a, a, a crime force, like a gangster.


Yes. Who, who, and, and Bob Hoskins played some, somebody who is kind of under you in there. And you, you were really intimidating him in your scenes in the film. It's a fantastic performance by you. Can you talk about how you used your voice in that? Because you, you needed to use it in a way that showed real authority and the willingness to intimidate and if necessary hurt somebody. Yeah. What authority is shown, not only by voice, but by movement. And what it is, is first thing in authority is you never move. Only, only people who are trying to attract your attention with no power move their hands. If you look at aristocracy and, and really powerful people, they, they move very little because everybody is awaiting their every word wish or command.


And their voice is very, very slow because everybody will wait while they have their thought and wait, no matter how long it takes for them to say what they're going to say, what you have to add in, in this case, where I played a gangster, which, which would be menace and and menace would come if, if you, I mean, I, in that I had a, a gangster accent, which is again, a working class cockney accent. But there is a sort of chur, cheerful, chirpy working class sort of hallow lads. Let's all go down to pub and all this, you know, that sort of accent for the chirp, cockney lad cheerful little soul.


But then there's another one, which is, it's kind of very drawn out and it's, it's very flat. And so they will actually say things to you. I mean, I grew up with gangsters like this. And they will say, I like you. And there's absolutely no Emotion in the voice whatsoever. It's like an icicle, you know, they say, I think you are one of the nicest fellas I've ever met. Really? Do I really think you're very nice? So, and then they say, they say silly little things when you know you are in trouble with a cockney gangster. He say, he'll say something like, well, well, who's been naughty then?


Now that question means you're probably gonna get kneecap to the floor. but it, it's one of those things of just flattening the voice out. The voice just flattens right out, no matter what you say. It just flattens, flattens. Now, when you say you're in a position of power and authority, you don't move a lot. No. That means you don't blink a lot too. No. Oh, that's, that's a trick for actors on film that I, I, I used and it was told, I, I think the first place I heard it was my Leonard Dietrich said it first is that you don't blink. If you blink on camera, it, it, it signifies weakness.


It's very difficult to do this trick on radio about blinking. but it, but if, if you, if you look in the mirror yourself, look in the mirror yourself and just stare and start saying things to yourself, you'll see how powerful it is. And if you just blink once in the middle of it, you'll see how it all dissipates. It just dissipates the whole thing. And of course, if you're on a movie screen, you have to remember when you blink, each eyelid is somewhere between two to seven feet wide if you're in a closeup. That's a good point. Yeah. Well, how do you learn to not blink? It's hard to not blink. Your eyes start to hurt. You can do it for a little bit, but after a while, it's a real strain. You just walk around. I walked around all my life, not, but when I was a young lad, I, I, I, I wrote this in about this in the book when I was young lad, I, I found a, a book in the, in the li public library, how to Teach yourself film acting.


And the first thing it said in it is, you must not blink. And so I walked around, I walked around this sort of working class district of, in of, of London, which was used to some very rough people, you know, without blinking. And I, I looked like a sort of early serial killer. I'm sure I frighten the life out of people. 'cause I used to have long conversations with people and never blink. And I, I would watch people getting hypnotized and they would walk away from a quite simple conversation with me, quite flummoxed as to what actually, what went on. Well, here's What I'm wondering, you know, since you learned, obviously by making movies, how did you pick up everything that you know now about how to look into a camera or how, like where to look when the camera's looking at you?


Did you pick that up o over years after watching yourself and watching yourself? No, I, I never watched myself. I, I, I don't, I never see rushes and I'd only see the finished film once just to see how it turned out and who goofed, including me. And no, it's Film is listening, reaction and behavior. That's what film acting is. Shouldn't be called film acting at all. Because it's not acting. It's something entirely. Acting is what you do on stage, as far as I'm concerned. And people behave. They, the only time real people act is if they're showing off or trying to make an impression like a guy with a girl or something.


Then they act. And then they're artificial And. we can all see they're artificial because they're acting. But normally what you do is you listen and you react and then you behave and that, and that's all it is. And I, when people said to me, well, what actors did you watch to learn how to act in movies? I said, I didn't. What I watched was documentaries or people on the subway to see how they react to things. Because you'll see actors, like for instance, making gestures on the phone with no one there. You don't, you don't make gestures on the phone with no one there. You think you do, but you don't.


And, and, and so you, you get sort of strange things happening like that when you see actors acting. So I, I never took any notice. The only actors that I ever watched for, for acting lessons were minimalist actors like jba, the French actor, and, and someone who was remarkably similar to him, which was Spencer Tracy. I always think that Jba and Spencer Tracy, if, if you speak French, you find they're absolutely indivisible. No, but what about where to look when the camera's looking at you? I mean, you really learned how to work in front of a camera. And if you didn't spend a lot of time watching yourself, how did you learn that? No. Well, I, I learned by watching the, where the camera was.


I mean, for instance, you, you always, if you, you're gonna, the thing is you, if you're going to play a part, you're playing a part with another actor and you look in their eyes and what you do, if, if you are acting, you suddenly go, well, how do I look into this person's eyes? Now, during your lifetime, you've looked into hundreds of people's eyes every time you speak to someone, but you can't remember how you did it. And what you do is you look in, you only look into one eye. 'cause if you look into two eyes, you go cross-eyed. And the one eye you look into is the one that is nearest the camera. Because that throws the one eye that you're not looking in, not using straight into the lens. Huh? That's how you do that.


How'd you learn that? I figured it out. I figured it out how to, how to do it. I figured it out myself. Actually. I figured out a lot of stuff myself because you, you get a feeling in movies when you've, when you play someone, the actors should disappear. And people should only see the person. I mean, it's a self-defeating thing in a funny way. Because half the time people see me and they say, well, he's only playing himself. It's because I've made the actor disappear. And that's where you come down to this thing where you've got behavior and where you've got the the camera, you can come down to the absolute minimum thing to do for the camera to pick up.


And that's what's fascinating about film acting. 'cause camera always finds it Early in your career, Alfred Hitchcock offered you a role as a sadistic killer in Frenzy. That's right. Yeah. But you, you turned that down because Why? 'cause he, he was based on, I knew who he was based on, he was based on Neville Heath, who was an extraordinarily early, extraordinarily sadistic British woman killer. And I wouldn't play it. I didn't, I I mean, all those years ago, Hitchcock never spoke to me again Because you turned him down. Yeah. He never, I, I, I knew him quite well. And, and because he comes from the same part of London as, as I do. And, and I, I knew him quite well.


I mean, I wasn't a close friend or anything, and I'd never been to his home, but I always sort of saw him around Universal and restaurants. But I remember I had lunch with him for that film. And I said to him, I said, I said, there's something I've gotta bring up with you. I said, I said, you said that actors were cattle and you know, the way he talks you No, I didn't. He said, I said, actors should be treated like cattle. There's another voice. And that's, that's a sort of halfway trying to be terribly middle class. And that's a cockney trying to get it right And speaking very slowly Too.


Yeah. Ter well, hitch Hitchcock was a terribly powerful person. So everybody listened and waited for him to say anything he liked except for me. I just, I said, I don't wanna do the part. He never spoke to me again. We're listening to my 1992 interview with Michael Caine. After a break, we'll hear more of that interview and feature my 1996 interview with Robert Duvall As we continue our classic films and movie icon series, I'm Terry Gross, and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares the story of how he got started creating Saatva In 2007, 2008. I went out and I bought the most popular luxury mattresses I to them apart. And I realized based on the raw materials cost and the analysis that I had done, that I was able to sell that level mattress, but with a very affordable price. Visit SA tva.com/ NPR to save up to $600 from now through Labor Day Weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, discover, wouldn't it be great to go to twice as many concerts? Well, here's music to your ears. Discover automatically doubles the cash back earned on your credit card at the end of your first year with cashback match. Put that toward double the reunion tours. Imagine getting to see your favorite band when they get back together and break up. Again. It pays to discover, see terms at discover.com/credit card.


The Constitution, our founding document says a lot about how our country has evolved and who we want to be, but it's not set in stone. So for the next month, we'll be digging into the history behind some of its most pivotal amendments. Listen to we, the people on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


I first started to act when I was around 10 in school plays, but of course I was the first generation, I imagine at my age I'm 59. I was about the first generation of actors who, who the first actors they saw were movie actors, not theater actors. And so that left you with a different kind of role Model. It left me with, with a different, entirely different role model for of, of how to act and why I wanted to act and what I wanted to act in. I I never went. I was, I've been an amateur actor in theatrical plays, in, in little youth clubs and all that for, for years before I ever went to see a play in a theater. I'd never seen, I'd done 20 plays in a theater before I'd ever seen a play in a theater.


So your ultimate ambition wasn't necessarily to do Hamlet, it might've been to do crime films or Something. No, it was, I mean, my heroes were, were James Cagney and Humphrey Bogart and Spencer Tracy. Not, not John Gil Good. And Lawrence Olivier, who, who were the big sort of theater stars when I grew up in, in England. I guess that helped too, in terms of your class be 'cause it would've been hard for you, you to aspire to be somebody who Oh, yes. Had this kinda upper class accent and, you know, the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts kind of thing. Absolutely. And there was always a history, in any case, in, in American movies, you had working class heroes. You rarely had working class heroes in British movies.


They were, it was always about the aristocracy. If it was about the war, it was about officers. If it was American, about war, it was about enlisted men. And so I, I always identified more with the United States, with American movies and American actors than I ever did with British ones, because I thought that the, the, the American actors, and in many cases I was right, were of the same class as me. Whereas I absolutely knew from their accents and their demeanor that the British actors I was watching were not of the same class as me at all. And and therefore it negated any ideas that I had of becoming an actor because people like me did not become actors in England. Now you made 73 films in 30 years.


Yeah. And as you say, some people have criticized you for not being discriminating enough in the movies that you chose to make. Yeah. What, what has your criteria been for deciding what to make? Well, first of all, my criteria was, is nobody asked me to make anything for 30 years. So my first criteria was that they asked me at all. Yeah. You know, and then there came, I then had to learn how to make acting films. So I made as many films as possible as fast as possible in, in order to learn how to do it, because I'd never done any, I didn't have any gradual workup. I was suddenly a leading man. And I, I was fighting for my life, you know, along with all the other movie stars in the, in the world.


And I had to give a performance. So I did a lot of stuff. And then also, my other criteria were, and this is one of the great failings of, of what had the people done before. I remember after Anatomy of a Murder, Otto Preger asked me to do a picture. And I thought, here's this great Hollywood director asking me to do a picture, which was a dreadful picture called Harry Sundown. But I mean, I was so complimented that Otto Preger had even asked me to do a picture that I, I mean, I would've almost done it without reading the script. I mean, I did read the script, I didn't understand it, but I mean, I knew that Otto, I didn't even understand Otto Preger 'cause he had a thick German accent.


But I was just, I was just so complimented that this great Hollywood director had asked me to do this film. I went and did it. You know, people always talk as though, first of all, I was, I was never an American star. So I was never this person sitting like a, a Paul Newman or someone in, in, in, in, in a room where every new great script that came out came to me. First I was a foreign actor and I was never offered the Great American parts because I wasn't a great American actor. You know, I was a British actor. And so what, eventually I had to make a career out of what all the American stars didn't want, which was usually flawed people.


There is another, there's another thing with that. If, if you think in terms of, it still happens, like with British actors, we always get flawed people to play. The last three, three Academy Awards have been British actors. Daniel Dad Lewis, my left foot, a flawed person, Jeremy Irons. He played a class Bulo, a man accused of murdering his wife, a flawed person. Anthony Hopkins, a cannibal, God knows a terribly flawed person. And, and these are all parts that Great American Stars, I'm sure turned down and said, my audience will not allow me to do this. Well, let's look at the, and they quite rightfully did so and so, we, we are the actors that I've mentioned, we are stars by default in America in a funny way.


Since you've given so much thought to the placement of the camera and the difference between theater and film and so on, I wanna ask you about doing love scenes in, in front of the camera. You don't like doing love scenes very much. That's certainly the impression I get from your book. No, because you see, for a start, if, if you are a very good actor, you see and you play a scene, I will play a murderer, you know, and my wife will see the picture, she'll say, I thought that was brilliant. You know, I mean, you were so convincing as a murderer. Right? So I'm a very good actor and I played a very good part as a murderer. And my wife thinks it's very convincing and it's fabulous. And she's very pleased with me. And I'm a very good actor.


If I put the same amount of sincerity and skill and dexterity into a love scene, she says to me, was there anything going on between you two? Right. You say, so you can't win. You can't win. 'cause if you, if, if, if, if you do it for real, you, if you really a good actor, you really look as though you love the woman. You know? And it's very difficult for someone else who loves you to watch that. So I don't like doing them. I, I and also love scenes often obviously involve a lot of kissing and cuddling and sometimes nudity and all that. And I hate it. All it, it, it, it sort of gets in the way of everything and all the big stars on the old days, they never did any of these scruffy love scenes and rolling about.


And if the girl has to take their clothes off, then there's nervous breakdowns and things going on. And, and, and it's, it's not worth it. I couldn't, I couldn't do a nude scene. I, I've, I've never been able to do it. I mean, I, I, I've looked as though I was nude, but I, I never take my shorts off. I always keep my shorts on. You know, it strikes me, you are a very close observer of other people's behavior. But doing a love scene, you'd be at something of a disadvantage. 'cause it's not like you've sat around watching a lot of couples make love. Do you know what I mean? You could say, well, this kind of person makes love this way. And that kind of man makes love that way. Yeah. So you must have to use your imagination more, or to imagine your character in a romantic situation as to Oh yeah, sure. Imagine them on the telephone, which you've been able to witness or imagine them at dinner, which you've been able to witness.


Yeah. I I, yes, with, with the love scenes, but I've, I've been imagining love scenes since I was 10. All sorts of different ones. So, I mean, I've got one for every occasion, whatever. I mean, I was, I, I was always, I was very sort of oversexed when I was a, a little boy. And I, and I saw love scenes on the screen, you know, which were kissing, but was very soon found out what, what happened when they, when, when they cut to the seagull or the train going through the tunnel. I, I figured out the significance of that very quickly. And, and, and of course right through my teens, I had all these imaginary love scenes worked out, and I managed to get them all outta my system on and off screen.


Over the years, You've described yourself as a very un neurotic person. Do you think that that's affected your approach to acting? Yeah, I have a very un neurotic approach to acting. Basically, it's my style of acting is like, most actors would hold up a picture and say, look at me. I get rid of all that baggage by holding up a mirror and saying, look at you. So what I'm doing is I'm playing you, not me. And so therefore I can watch from afar and I watch for the neurosis or the behavior in people that I can reflect off my mirror.


You still do that now? Yeah, All the time. All the time. My if, if, if I've been a success and you see a performance, even if you're a woman, you should say, how does he know that about me? How does he know I would've done that there? Why would, how does he know that's the way I would've reacted it? It, it's, it's got nothing to do with the sexes or anything. It just has its humor. Behavior is remarkably similar. One more thing, and this gets back to eyes. You know how the eyes, you've said the eyes are the most important part of an actor. Yeah. You were born with an eye problem called a ble. Yes. Which puffs the eyelids. Yes. So did that make you self-conscious about your eyes?


Did it make it any more difficult for you? Yeah. It, it, it, at school they used to call me snake eyes. 'cause I have, I, if I sort of have eyes like a cobra, but when, when I, when I grew up, sometimes if you're very sleep, you look like a cod. They used to call me cod's eyes as well, but until I sort of grew to six feet tall, and then nobody called me cods eyes. And, but, but when I got into the movies, it, it came out as kind of dreamy and sexy, you know, sleepy looking 'cause so they could use, they could use makeup on them and sort of make 'em look slightly different. They put a bit of shade, which puts the eyes back further into your head and you get a sort of dreamy quality.


So it was, it was a producer once an old theater producer said, use the disadvantage. Always use the disadvantage. And, and so I, I used that. A lot of things work for me like that in my life. What, what else? Well, I was just thinking when, when he said, use the disadvantage, what, what that means is I was rehearsing, use the difficulty. I mean, use the difficulty. Used to say I was rehearsing a play and there was a scene went on before me, and then I had to come in the door and they, they rehearsed the scene and, and, and one of the actors had thrown a chair at the other one. And it had gone right in front of the door where I came in.


So I opened the door and then rather lamely, I said to the producer who was sitting out in the stores, I said, well, look, I can't get in. There's a chair in my way. So he said, well use the difficulty. So I said, what do you mean use the difficulty? He said, well, if it's a drama, pick it up and smash it. If it's a comedy fall over it. Which was a line for me for life, you know, always try and use the difficulty. Oh, that's great. Yeah. On that note, I wanna thank you so much for talking with us. Thank you. Michael Caine recorded in 1992. He retired from acting last year at the age of 90. We'll continue our classic films and movie icon series with a 1996 interview with Robert Duvall.


He talked about his roles on the Godfather Films and in Apocalypse. Now that's after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer, registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from Better Help. It's back to school time. And even if you haven't been to school in a while, you can still learn a thing or two, particularly about yourself. Therapy can help you do just that by helping you discover your strengths, set boundaries, and adopt new coping skills and better Help. Online Therapy is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Visit better help.com/npr to save 10% on your first month. That's better. HE p.com/npr.


Next up on our classic films and movie icon series is an interview from our archive with Robert Duvall. Recorded in 1996, Duval made his mark starring in epic movies and intimate dramas. In the Godfather films he played the Corleone family lawyer, Tom Hagen and Apocalypse. Now he played the macho Colonel Kilgore and the Great Santini. He was a rigid marine pilot who imposed a strict discipline on his family. In his Oscar winning performance and tender mercies, he was a country music singer on the skids, living a quiet life with a widow and her son. He also starred in the Western miniseries, lonesome Dove.


Here's Duvall in a famous scene from The Godfather. He's traveled to Hollywood to persuade a movie producer, to give a starring role to Don Lyon's godson. I was sent by a friend of Johnny Fontain. His friend is my client, who would give his undying friendship to Mr. Walsh. Give Mr. Walsh would grant us a small favor. All excuse listening, Give Johnny the partner of New War film. You're starting next week. And what favor would your friend grant, Mr. Of all, You're gonna have some union problems. My client could make them disappear.


Also, one of your top stars is just moved from marijuana to heroin. You're trying to muscle me. Absolutely talking son of a bitch. Let me lay it on the line for you and your boss, whoever he is, Johnny FTE will never get that movie. I don't care how many Dego Guinea, what grease come out of the woodwork. I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something. My cro Mick friend, I'm gonna make so much trouble for you. You won't know what hit you. The walls come A lawyer. I have not Threatened. I know almost every big lawyer in New York. Who the hell are you? I have a special practice. I handle one client. Now you have my number. I'll wait for your call. By the way, I admire your pictures very much.


But it's interesting, you know, the Godfather Films is such like operatic movies with, you know, people playing gangsters who were given to grand displays of Emotion and violence. And you are the one in the movie, the legal advisor. His job is to advise, to be discreet, to tone everything down. Right? So in a way, you're playing a very opposite type of personality than all the other personalities in the film. Yeah, Well it was a pretty interesting character in that he was an adopted son plus this, this, this legal advisor. So therefore, as an actor and as the character, you, you, you really can't cross the line. It's, it's, you're, you're kind of an outsider, but you're yet you're not an outsider. It was, I really, really enjoyed the part. I mean, those first two godfathers, that's about as good as you can get filmmaking wise.


I think. I agree. Francis was his was a top form. Although, as you say, maybe a touch, they romanticized the, the organized crime to a point. But it was such good filmmaking. You can excuse that. Do you have any favorite scenes in the Godfather films? Well, there were a lot of my lights, you know, I mean the one with Michael Gazo and, and Godfather two where I have to tell him he has to, you know, sl his wrists. That was that. I enjoyed that a lot. That scene and the scene where I had to tell Brando that Sonny died and Godfather one. That was nice. And there were other scenes I liked a lot too. But those, those kind of come to mind very quickly. My wife is crying upstairs. I hear cars coming to the house and think the area minor.


I think he should tell you Don, what everyone seems to know. I didn't tell mama anything and I was about to come up and wake you just now and tell you what you needed to drink first. Yeah. And now you've had to drink. They shot Sony on the Causeway. He's dead. You worked with Francis Ford Coppola again on Apocalypse Now. Right? Right. And in Apocalypse Now you were Colonel Kilgore.


Right. Famous for the Line. I love the smell of Napalm in the morning. Is that the one that's that's the one. It smells like victory. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was a wonderful line. People come up to me and, and and quote it to me as and say it like, it's such an in thing between, between just me and them. And like, it's like they're the only ones that ever thought of it. But that happens with everybody the same way. Did did you get the script and say, well, first of all, was that line in the script or or is that something that you have To buy? Yeah, no, that was in there and, and I think the part was offered to somebody else and, and they turned it down. And I said to Francis, I know that the part's written for a bigger guy, real tall, big guy. But you know, I, I'll just say once I think maybe I could do the part and I, I'll put in my, my plea and he gave it to me.


So it was enjoyable. It was a lovely part and I enjoyed playing it very much. What did you wanna play it? A lot? This is another part that I'm sure your father was thinking hope nobody thinks this is based on me, right? No. Well he knows. He knows. I think he never, he always kind of just shook his head. I think most of the time it's like, my uncle in Montana was a rancher. I wish he had lived to see Lonesome Dove, because that's my favorite of all. And when he saw The Godfather, he was hard of hearing my uncle. And he said I'd rather see a good western. You know, he piped out in the theater, you know, in the middle of Montana there. But my, you know, my dad, he was, I think he was proud, you know, he never said a lot my mother too. You spell that, you spell that bun.


Nothing else of the world spells like that. I love the smell of nap pump in the morning smell. You know that gasoline smell. Oh hell. Smells like victory. So, so when you saw the line in the film, I love the smell of napalm in the morning. Did you say to yourself a classic line? People will be repeating This back to me? No, no, I didn't, I didn't think of that. I didn't think that, I didn't think of it that way. I, I wasn't sure, you know, I mean, sometimes you, you're not, you're not so aware of that. Although you like, you like lines like that.


Did, did you do a lot of different line readings on that? The, The one that was most predominant there was Jimmy Keen, a friend of mine who played a small part in that from Buffalo. I made him call him you Mr. Deval for a year. 'cause that was a relationship in the movie. 'cause you know, but we're all on a first name basis. But he said, now how do you do this? And he was watching me And, we, and he did great imitation. We were always doing imitation. So the final dress rehearsal before we were film Nice. We were always doing Brando imitation. So I said, I love the smell of night palm in the morning. I paused and I said, smells like victory did my Brando. And he couldn't believe I would do that, you know, so, so then he began doing brand imitation. So then when Brandon wanted a hundred thousand dollars to do six lines of the censored stuff for the censored version of the, the TV version of The Godfather, and they wouldn't pay him.


They got Jimmy Keenan from Buffalo for $200 to, to do Brando. Oh Really? Yeah. So those imitation started in the Philippines and Jimmy got, because of those imitations blossomed into the guy that would do the censored version for Brando. Hey, they could have said a lot of trouble with Brando and Apocalypse Now, I guess. I suppose. Yeah. Well Jimmy was the guy that was there that told me all these wild stories. After I left, see, I, I did the second half of my part first and then six months later came back and did the first half. It was strange the way I had to go do another job. 'cause they, they got so bogged down with weather and with different actors and approaches and so forth. It took a long time to to, to complete that film. We're listening to my 1996 interview with actor Robert Duvall.


We'll hear more of the interview after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor NetSuite. The less your business spends, the more margin you keep. But today, everything costs more. Head to NetSuite dot com slash story to learn how smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle.


The candidates for November are set. I know Donald Trump's title Between now and Election day. We are Not going back A campaign season unfolding faster. Kamala Harris is not getting a promotion Than any in recent history. Make America Great again. Follow it all with new episodes every weekday on the NPR Politics podcast.


Okay, so tell me if this sounds like you, you love NPR R'S podcasts, you wish they weren't interrupted by sponsor breaks like this one. And you want to support NPR R'S mission of creating a more informed public. If this does sound like you, then it's time to sign up for perks across more than 20 podcasts with the NPR r plus bundle Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


It must have been really different working with Coppola on the Godfather movies and work with working with him on Apocalypse Now. Yeah, well you see, I had worked with Francis and the Rain People as I had said, and he was kind, and that Was in the late sixties, Kind of a moody guy. And I didn't quite get a handle on Francis, but then I gained a, a tremendous amount of respect for him because on Godfather one we started out, I said, okay, he is Francis again. He is not saying much little moody, you know, the way he is. He, he's a real, he never comes. I wanna write a book some day called The Rushes are great because everybody protects everybody by saying the rushes are great. Francis is one of the only guys that comes out the, the, the cutting room with a long face. And maybe that's why he's so good in that he doesn't, he's isn't always thrilled, you know, but I gained a lot of respect for him. 'cause in Godfather one physically, they had an understudy director following him around in case he failed to fire him and take over.


And I think the first ad was the best friend of that would be Hopeful director. That was, that's quite a, a lousy thing to do to a director. And I gained a lot of respect for Francis for working under that pressure. When you were young, Brando was one of your heroes, Right? Yeah, I think so. I mean, he was, he was quite a pheno. I mean, there were others too, but he, and then you have to, you grow away from somebody's influence and find your own way. So what was it like to work with him when, when he was much older, he'd physically changed? It wasn't, I think of a particularly good period for him. Especially During, well, no, the Godfather. He was very godfather. Yeah, yeah. Right, right, Right. But In Apocalyp and when I first worked with him in Well Apocalypse yeah, I, I I didn't really, I wasn't really there when he worked.


Right. I worked with him first in the Chase way back and, you know, the first day he called me into his dressing room, And, we talked about the part. I said, oh, to my wife, this is gonna be great. We're gonna be like brother. We had a great rapport and he never spoke to me again for, for eight weeks. I couldn't, I didn't, I wasn't quite used to that lifestyle of somebody not speaking to you at the beginning of a day. But that's the way he is, I guess. But no, it was, it was, I was respectful and admired him and enjoyed working with him. And as I say in, in the apo in the apocalypse now that he, he came into the jungle with his baby blue Mercedes driving down the jungle, you know, after I had left. And then when I came back he'd had finished, you know, so, but I, so I didn't get to work with him during his heavy period, I guess.


Well who was it? The Picasso Headiest Blue period is this period, is that period Brando had his thin period. Now he's heavy. Period. So, so tell me, when you were young and getting started in acting, what were your expectations? What did, what did you think would come of your career? Well, I, you know, maybe I was innocent and maybe innocent's not the same as naive. Maybe it is. I, I always felt that somehow I would fit in. I went to New York feeling I would be a stage actor. I didn't think a lot about movies. I thought about them, but I wasn't sure. I just figured I was gonna work. I, I didn't know how, but I figured it would happen. And when I got one of the worst reviews anybody could ever get, I went back to Virginia for a while and then I came back again and my friend Oodle Gross Bar, then we, we had done a View from the Bridge And, we did it again off Broadway.


And, and it was a wonderful production with John Voight. Dusty Hoffman was assistant stage manager, Susan Ach, Ray Barry, you know, Richard Castellano. It was, it was a wonderful production that helped launch my into getting more into film and tv, you know. So if you don't mind my asking, what did that terrible review say about You? I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna tell you exactly what I said. You still remember it Said Shaw has invented some impossible young men in his plays, but never one so revolting as a romantic young interest in this one. And the character is made even less palatable by Robert Duvall whose spine tends toward a figures whose diction is flannel coated and whose simpering expressions are moronic.


Now that's a pretty bad review. Yeah. And the other paper, like me to Liberace, so I had to get off the book. Liberace. Yeah, I had to get off the bus. I was physically ill. What, what was the connection to Liberace? I don't know, maybe I played him a little feeder. I, I don't know what it was. It was, it was a guy from the active studio. I don't know. He had us lying down doing Sense memory before we were doing George Bernard Shaw. I said, we should be telling jokes, not lying on the floor for sense memory. It was, the whole approach was wrong. It was a disaster. But you know, at least you, it was a, it was an experience at least. Well, Robert Duval, I wanna thank you so much for talking with us. Well, thank you. I enjoyed it. My interview with Robert Duvall was recorded in 1996. Tomorrow on Fresh Air, we continue our classic films and movie icon series.


We'll feature interviews from our archive with two actors who started as child stars. Jodi Foster and Molly Ringwald Foster became famous for her 1976 films, freaky Friday and Taxi Driver. Recently she starred in the latest season of True Detective and was nominated for an Oscar for her role in Niaid. Ringwald was in the sitcoms, different strokes and the Facts of Life, and became famous for her role in the Teen films. 16 Candles, the Breakfast Club, and Pretty and Pink. Most recently she was Infu Capote versus The Swans. Ah, hoop will join us.


Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller, our technical director and engineer as Audrey Bentham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Anne Marie Bodo, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Heidi Saman, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Chalen, Susan Yadi, Andro Wolfram. Special thanks to NPR plus producer Nick Anderson. Our digital media producers are Molly CV Nesper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross. This message comes from NPR sponsor, Meryl. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there.


But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America Company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered Broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC. Waylon, how much do you think it would cost to buy one of those big digital billboards in Times Square to promote our show? The indicator from Planet Money in Big lights. Ugh. In this economy. I mean, you're probably right, but this question is the exact kind of thing that we find answers to on our show.


We take one big economic idea, make it understandable, and you know, even fun. That's the indicator from Planet Money and NPR.