
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member DC.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. Today we're going to hear from a musician whose music is vibrant, exciting, and new, even if it sounds like it could have been performed in the 1920s. His name is Jerron Paxton and he has a new album called Things Done Changed. He brought some of his instruments to the studio when he spoke with Fresh Sam Briger. Here's Sam with More. Prior to his new album, Jerron Paxton has been entertaining audiences with his take on music that's mostly 100 years old or older. Some of the music dates back to the Civil War. He plays folk music, blues, hot jazz, ragtime and fiddle in Banjo tunes among others.


He's released several albums, but this new album, things Done Changed is his first, where all the tracks were written by him. Songs that are deeply rooted to music of the twenties and thirties and older, but reflects paxton's contemporary feelings and observations about things like Love Lost and Found gentrification, and finding yourself far from home. Paxton was generous enough to bring some of the instruments he plays to the studio today. If he had brought all the instruments he plays, he would've had to rented a van, guitar, fiddle, piano, harmonica, banjo, and the Bones is not even a complete list. Paxton, who is 35, grew up in Los Angeles near Watts and has called himself a throwback in a family of throwbacks.


He now lives in New York. Let's hear the title track from the new album. This is Things Done Changed. Ain't Sad Baby. It Hood Me To My Heart. Together so long now we got to Get Between You and Me. Seem just like time can't be like they used to be you, man.


Only wondering what it's all about. Have I Full Have it done? Fizz Loud can't be like they used to be. Smiling Faces Show could always be fine. Not seem like your smile. Don't want Me Seem just like, like they used to be.


That's a song. Things Done Changed from the new album by Jerome Paxton of the same name. Jerome Paxton, welcome so much to Fresh Air. It's good to be here. So as I said, you've released a few albums before, but this is your first album of your own compositions. Have you been writing all along but just recently decided to release these songs? Yeah, songwriting is a, is a funny part of the life of a folk musician. Most, most of us folk musicians tend to play our culturally inherited music, which isn't quite the same as doing covers of other people's music.


But you know, you play, you play mu music that's reflective of your culture and I've mostly done that and every once in a while something will inspire me and it'll stick around. And you know, I like writing music based on inspiration more so than anything. So a few of these songs, most of these songs, if not all these songs, came from a little bit of inspiration and at least a little bit of inspiration and also at least a little bit of pushing the pencil along the page, I think is Irving Berlin said, So you, you wait for inspiration rather than sit down and say, today I have to write a song.


Yes, yes. That's, that's the preferred way of doing things, especially because composition isn't really the thing I'm most interested in. I'm most interested in the learning and studying of good music that moves me. And sharing that with other people and composing tunes of yourself and wondering if they're good is one thing. But playing tunes and performing tunes that you know are good because they have moved you before is a completely different thing. And I tend to feel a little bit more confidence in the latter. Can you talk about how you approach the guitar? Like is there a particular guitar player that was very influential to how you play?


Well, I think my approach to music in general, not just to guitar, but to all the instruments I play, is to get the most out of 'em I can. That's the guitar or the banjo, the harmonic, all these things. Everything I like about those instruments and especially the piano, is that in the style of music I was steeped in and brought up in, which is mostly the world, the country blues, there was this magical thing that would happen where one musician would sit down and create this beautiful world where nothing was missing. You didn't need basses or drums or a second musician or anything.


They just sit down with their fingers and their instruments and their voice and create this world where nothing was missing. So that's the approach I took to all my instruments and especially the guitar because that was the, that was the world that I was surrounded by. And just having that access to that real full sound is something I wanna maintain. And I don't know, I think that's probably the biggest contribution to why I've remain one of the few soloists out there. There's not too many people who can hold the audience's attention for, you know, two one hour sets with just one person on stage and their instruments. But my audience has never seemed to be disappointed. And I was wondering if you could show us, perhaps with an instrumental, like how you approach the blues and the blues can be played lots of different ways.


Like one of, one of the ways that it's often played is, is like a simple three chord song, but there's a lot going on in the way you play the blues. So could you demonstrate that I, I know you brought a guitar with you and I heard when you were getting ready that this is quite an old guitar, huh? Ah, yeah, this is a, this is the cheapest guitar that Gibson made cost 4 95 when it was for sale Little Kalamazoo. I just heard a interview by Johnny S Shines where he said that he and Robert Johnson both played Kalama Kalamazoo guitars, although the Robert is pictured with a much fancier version of a Gibson guitar, but apparently he, Johnny Shine said he played a Kalamazoo just like this one here.


And and when you say 4 95, I think you mean $4 and 95 cents. $4 and 95 cents. Half a week's wages. And so how old is this guitar then? It is about a hundred years old, I think it's from 28, 29. Oh, so not yet a bird. Not a century yet, but Pretty close. No, no, this banjos getting close. The banjos from 25. So it's a old Bacon Day banjo before they had the F holes on it. Gotcha. So you said that you, when you're playing a guitar solo, you want it to sound like a bunch of instruments kind of playing together. Could you show us what that's like on the guitar? Alright. All right, I got you there. I got you there. All right, well when you, when you want that nice full sound out of the guitar, you've gotta have a nice little rhythm behind you.


And that could be just about anything. Let's try this one. That's the rhythm of the song. So now you have this nice accompaniment to back up anything you want, and then you've got your voice, which you can lay on top of it, which I ain't doing nothing now, but talking. But you also got some fingers that you could play with too. And Guitar, A nice little voice That's Jerron Paxton with his guitar joining us today.


He's a new album of all original compositions called Things Done Changed Jarron, thanks so much. That was, that was really great. I love how you can do that and just explain it while you're doing it at the same time that that, that's not easy to do, just even playing the music. Did. Was there a point in your life when like you were like, okay, I figured out how to do this. Do you remember like when it started to make sense to you? Well, I think when I got to the point where it didn't feel like a big mystery, you know, when I got to the point where I figured out I was actually doing it and it wasn't, it wasn't magic, you know, I didn't have to sell my soul to the devil or, you know, spend a ridiculous amount of money on guitar lessons and buy books and things like that when I just sat down and made music for my family and they said, oh, you starting to sound like that record.


You sound, especially, you know, my mom really, she still loves my harmonica playing and her best bit of encouragement she could give me with my harmonica playing and say, oh, you sounding like Sonny Terry, you sounding like little Sonny Terry in the house. And you know, when I figured out that it sounded good to other people, just as it did to me, I'd, you know, I figured I'd have it. I'd go up to, I'd go up to folks, I'd go up to my grandma and say, granny, do this sound good. And you know, She said, oh yeah baby, that sounds good. And I say, no, really? Do it sound good? 'cause it sound good to me. You know? And what you learn is how to keep outta your own way.


Hmm. And you have to figure out what to stop doing just to allow the music to come out of you. And sometimes it's just as simple as that to get some good music outta yourself. Jerron, you grew up in South Los Angeles near Watts. What was your home like? It was, it was a lovely place. I'd say I was, you know, we didn't have too much money, but I was surrounded by the one thing you couldn't get enough of, which was love and had a big multi-generational family. I was in the house with my mother and my grandmother, and for the first few years it was my grandpa, my uncle, my aunt. So it was with me, it was six of us in there.


And my great-grandmother was across the street and you know, three of her children were around and, you know, all the cousins would come over at least once a week to visit her. And, you know, so I grew up around lots of lovely family and a, you know, big backyard that 80% of the food I grew up eating came out of until, until me and Granny made our last little harvest the year she passed away. And yeah, it was a lovely place full of music and family. You know, I, I think I got bored there when I was living there, but now that I'm an older person and you start reminiscing, I recently reconnected with my next door neighbor and, you know, we got to commiserating each other, said, boy, those were some of the happiest times of our lives, probably.


Well, you've said that you were a throwback from a family of throwbacks. What does, what does that mean? Well, you could probably tell that just in the music, I love my aesthetic that things at a certain levels of contemporary don't quite appeal. And I tend to, like some people call it tradition, some people call it old fashioned, you know, I just like things of a certain aesthetic that tend to be a little bit older than what we have now. And my grandmother was the same way. She was born in 28 and she was sort of a, a throwback to not her mother's age, who she was born in 1906, but more her father's age.


And he was born 1886. In certain ways she was like that, but in certain ways she was a very modern woman. So when you've got a person who's throwing back to the 1880s, you know, you've got something there. And then her father was a bit of a throwback hisself. And when you're a throwback and you're born in 1886, You're going back pretty far, You going back a long way. You know, he played a throwback banjo, which is sort of kind of why I played this instrument. The instrument he didn't play didn't match his age. It more matched his parents' age, but that's the kind of person he was. It sounds like you were particularly drawn to the country blues. Like what, what do you think it was that spoke to you?


Well, it was, the thing that spoke to me the most about the music was the tone of the instruments. And it's something till yet I still have a prejudice towards. I truly, in my heart of hearts, believe acoustic instruments have more power than any other instruments around. You know, even hearing the same acoustic music through a speaker or through headphones or anything like that, does not compare with having an instrument as the same, in the same room as you. And having the air that vibrates outta that instrument vibrate you and your eardrums. And you, you know, I've done it, I've experienced it as a participant and as a audience member, just the power, the emotional power of being in the room with somebody playing the instrument quite well, it, it can't be beat.


And I think I could gather that at that young age, through those old scratchy records, not even knowing what it was or having no idea. You know, like I said, I was a seven, 8-year-old kid who, you know, first heard John Hurt and Scott Dunbar and Buckle White and people like that. And I didn't know, you know, I didn't know that there was any, that there were two kind of guitars and things like that, but that just the sonic beauty of those instruments just wrapped me up and took me away. And when did you start playing banjo? I started playing banjo before I played the guitar. I started playing banjo when I was about, oh, I think about 13 and a half, about 18 months after playing the fiddle and being pretty bad at that in my early days and realizing most of the fiddle I like was surrounded by banjo music.


And you said your grandfather played the banjo? He played the banjo, the guitar and the fiddle. So I've heard, but this would be my great-grandfather. Your great-grandfather. Yeah. My grandma's daddy, who was born way back in 86. But according to granny, they had to run off a plantation when she was about six or seven or so years old and had to leave Joe's instruments behind then. So nobody too much younger than her, which she was the oldest, which shoot, that includes everybody. She, nobody younger than her really remembers Joe playing any instruments. But she remembers seeing a banjo on the wall and hearing the sounds of it, and guitars and fiddles and things like that.


I don't know how great a musician he was, but she knows he played them. Well, you brought a banjo with you today. It's a, it's kind of a special banjo. Can you tell us about it? Yeah, this banjo, this banjo I brought with me here is one I've been playing for a while. It's a 18, 18 48 model banjo sticker model banjos, they call it. They don't know how many of these, how popular these things got, but I like the way they're, they're constructed. They tend to produce a bity sound And this says nylon strings rather than steel strings. Is that correct? Or, I don't play a banjo with steel strings. Right. All my banjo have gut nylon strings.


Even the Freddy Banjo I play have gutter nylon strings just produce a better sound. It was only, I think it was only the Gibson banjo company that produced banjos that left the factory with steel strings. I think every other company had gut strings on their banjos until, until the post-war time. It, to me, it sounds like with the, with the nylon strings you can play, your sound can be mellower, but it also seems to allow for a lot more dynamics. Do you think that's true? I think it's very true, especially on the modern banjo. You know, most Gibson based banjos only have one color to paint with, and it's a mighty beautiful color, especially with bluegrass music.


But I feel that the, the nylon strength gives you so much more control of color that you can paint with the banjo, that it ends up being a lot more expressive On the song that you play on the album. It's all over. Now in the liner notes you say that you play this stroke style is, can you explain what that is or demonstrate that for us? All right. The, the stroke style is what they called in books published at the time is, I guess what they call claw hammer banjo now, or Fralin or whatever. And I think most of those words can be traced back to none other than the great New Yorker.


Pete Seeger, Pete Seeger had a big influence on banjo culture, much bigger than he's given credit for, given credit for, which I think includes finding those words and making them ubiquitous among banjo players. But the stroke style is you, you stroke the string with the tops of your fingers, rather than picking it like that with each individual finger, you hit it with the top and you could hear it like the difference between picking and each one of those stroke notes have a little bit punchier sound, and you combine that with your, the way you play with your thumb, and you give a nice cross-cultural reference here.


Ah, let's call the brand new shoes. John, that was great. We need to take a break here. We'll be back after a moment. I'm Sam Briger and This is Fresh Air Mississippi bottom filled Clay wood, Mississippi. Bottom my heart away.


Babe. If you didn't want me, you shouldn't have to. You didn't want me. You sure didn't have to. I more lovers than a passenger train rocks. And


This message is brought to you by Lisa in collaboration with West Elm. Discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.


This message comes from NPR sponsor NetSuite. What does the future hold for business? Can someone invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 38,000 businesses have future proofed their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform with real-time insights and forecasting you're able to peer into the future and seize new opportunities. Download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine Learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash Fresh Air.


This message comes from GiveWell. There are millions of nonprofit organizations in the world. How do you know which ones can make the biggest impact? GiveWell was founded to help donors with that exact question, find all of their research and recommendations on their site. If you've never used GiveWell, you can have your donation matched up to $100 before the end of the year, or as long as matching funds last go to give well.org and pick podcast and enter NPR at checkout.


When you were a kid, did you just spend a lot of time on your own just playing music, like learning how to play, like practicing and practicing? Oh yes. Well, I did, and I think I practice the stuff I'm the most comfortable with. You know, the stuff I could talk over and play for you. I think most of that stuff and stuff in that vein I learned through muscle memory and you know, you, there's a certain point where you have to sit down and really study. You know, you've gotta be focused for about 45 minutes and figure out the, all the funny turns and twists as to what you have to do and how to position your hand.


All these things that go into being a great musician. But one thing that people tend to overlook that I found the most valuable is after I had done that, I would put on the Simpsons a King of the hill and for an hour or two, you know, after supper, just rap on my banjo and play the guitar and things like that and watch these programs. And you know, my folks would say, how you gonna be, how you going to play music and watch TV at the same time? I say, well, I got to, you know, if I'm going, if I'm going to get these two things, I really enjoy out the way playing music and watching tv. You got a multitask. Yeah, Exactly. And it also, it also makes the music become a part of you, you know?


'cause if I get to a point where I, everything stays groovy while the active listening part of my brain is focused somewhere else, well the music is a actual part of me. You know, it's like my heartbeat, like my breath. It's something, it's something I, that can just happen without me willing it. Absolutely. And when that starts to happen, then you get an opportunity to be real inventive with what's with, with what's in you. You know, this music, especially when you were a kid, the, the internet wasn't as prevalent everywhere. Like, it's not easy music to find. You have to, you have to search it out.


So like, how, how did you find out more about the music? Did you look for old 70 eights? Did you go to the library? What did, what did you do? Man, when I came up, all the 70 eights had been pilfered outta my neighborhood. And I'd love to imagine a world where, you know, there are these $10,000 country blues records just floating around the hood. And all my neighbors, oh yeah, I've got all my lemon Jeffersons and mama's, you know, mama's blues records sitting back here. You know that that has happened before, but it's not frequent. You know, I, I really wish I could have learned from a stack of extremely valuable 70 eights.


That's not the case. Poor people didn't really have the internet until, I'd say around in my area. They didn't have the internet until around 2004, 2005. And I was about 15 to 16 then. So I had a bit more access to it back then. But you know, I remember going to the local swap meets and just ask for what CDs they had of the blues. And I look, I'd look and see if there was any names I'd recognize. And if there were like Sonny Terry and Brian McGee or Big Bill Bruley or something like that, I'd take 'em home with me. And also I'd say one of the biggest exposures I had to those that good music was all those wonderful documentaries that came out on public television about the blues and things like that.


You not only got to hear the people, but you got to see 'em. So there was a few, and then, you know, you get a list of names and you know, found out that you were listening to some like Buckle White. I was listening to him my whole life. Scott Dunbar had to come up on later. But then you get, you know, I remember getting Charlie Patton's name and you know, writing down my list of people to look up and then going to my auntie's house who had the internet and lick listening to 32nd samples and say, oh, that sounds good. And asking for a bunch of records during the holidays and consuming them for the rest of the year and reading all the little pamphlets that came in the records.


So you know a little bit about the person's life. And that's kind of how I got my start with delving into the artist. It sounds like you also met people who knew some of the older musicians. Like you met people that knew the guitarist Johnny St. Cyr, because I guess he, he died when in Los Angeles when he was older. So he played with Lewis Armstrong as well as Jelly Rome Morton. And I think you play one of his rags. Is that right? Yes, sir. Johnny is a, Johnny's a great influence that Louisiana culture has been in Los Angeles for several generations. You know, you could always meet people who made the big trek from Louisiana, just like my family did in the fifties.


People made that transition. Some of 'em in the teens, some of 'em in the 1890s if you go way far back. And Johnny was one of 'em that came in the fifties and came like everybody else looking for work and then ended up finding it as a musician, which is something he pretty much gave up. 'cause I got to see one of his business cards. And there's nothing that mentions music, said Johnny Saint, sir. General Workman does General jobs, you know, Would you mind playing a little bit of that song? Let me set this down here. All I hope you're, hope you're treating that old banjo nicely. Oh no, not a bit. She's a mud cook.


Let's see.


That's great. That's Jerron Paxton playing a rag by Johnny Saint Seer who played with Louis Armstrong and Jelly Morton more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NetSuite. What does the future hold for business? Can someone invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 38,000 businesses have future-proofed their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform. With real time insights and forecasting, you are able to peer into the future and seize new opportunities. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash story.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes car selling easy. Enter your license plate or vin, answer some questions, and Carvana will give you a real offer in seconds. Whether you're looking to sell your car right now or whenever feels right, go to carvana.com to sell your car the convenient way


From your car radio to your smart speaker. NPR meets you where you are in a lot of different ways. Now we're in your pocket. Download the NPR app today. When you were a teenager, you started having trouble with your eyesight. What, what was happening? Well, I'd had trouble with my peripheral vision my whole life, but then I had two different eye diseases that start to mess with my central vision. And once that started to happen, the problems with my peripheral vision got to be pretty unavoidable.


And, you know, and some places got to be a little bit hazardous, you know, I don't know if you know, but people from South Central, especially during the day and time I grew up, we didn't move too much. And Los Angeles being a big driving culture, you sure didn't walk any place. You know, I, I left as an 18-year-old having, I think maybe walked a mile in my neighborhood and could count the times I did that on one hand. So, you know, things like curbs were a bit unfamiliar to me. So, you know, imagine a a pretty healthy strapping boy, just kind of bumbling and falling all over the place. That's what I was up to for a little while.


What's your eyesight like now? Oh, it's, it's about the same. I still have, I still have big troubles with my peripheral vision, which stops me from driving my central vision, my central vision. It's, it's, I think it's better than what it was, but part of that is the technologies improved. You know, I used to go around New York City with a little small telescope around my neck to see things like, you know, train signs and street signs and things like that now. But, but now that, you know, I, now that I'm an iPhone user, which I never thought I would be, you know, I could zoom in on something 10 times and that, that's actually a lot more handy than this little telescope I was using.


So things like that and Google Maps has made the world a lot more accessible for me. And as soon as they straighten out the kinks with these self-driving cars, I think I'll regain some of the independence I don't have at the current time. Well, I think because of your eyesight, you had to reconsider what you wanted to do for work. Is that correct? Yeah, yeah. I was going to drive trains and things like that and, you know, I'd probably have done some of the other laboring jobs and most of the folks in my family have done, but when I say not being able to drive is just about the biggest disability I have. It's really true, you know, bumping into things and not being able to recognize people is inconvenient and things like that.


But the one thing that kind of stopped me from doing exactly what I wanted in the world was, you know, not being able to drive. You know, I couldn't be a plumber without a truck. I couldn't be a, I couldn't be a farmer without a truck. A lot of the, a lot of those jobs aren't available if you can't drive, especially in a place like Los Angeles. So that's, that's one of the reasons I moved to New York City was a place where not being able to drive wasn't really a disability. And it's one of the reasons I loved this city and stayed here for so long. Since you, since you were so interested in train or you were interested in being a train driver as a kid, do you, do you particularly like train songs?


Oh yeah, I think so. As much as I, you know, as much as people who like rural music tend to get stereotypes as loving songs about trains and Mama you, you can't help it, I don't think. But if I find a good train song, I'll sit and listen to it for a good while. Would you mind playing one that you like particularly? Oh, well, my favorite is probably the Pullman Passenger Train, which I can't do here. Let's see. Before you play the harmonica, I just want to say that like all the instruments you play, you seem to be able to make it sound like you're playing two different parts on the harmonica.


So I just want, I don't know if you do that in this song, but I just wanted listeners to keep an ear out for that. Oh yeah. It, it's not, it is not sounding like I'm playing two different parts. I am playing two. Well, yeah. Okay, fair enough. Let's see, maybe I'll start off, start off this way on. That harmonic's been set on. Hold on. Ooh, that's one's been set on too. Two That John, that was great.


Thank you that, that was our guest, John Paxton playing the harmonica. Was that hard to figure out how to do In the words of Fat Waller? It's easy to do when you know How. Okay, well that couldn't be more cryptic if I'd asked It would be. Yeah. I watched a video of you playing and singing a song. Hesitation Blues. Yeah. And no, no, no. But, but at one point you were singing and then you, you played the harmonica with your nostril at one point. Hey, there's a lot of different ways of skin, a cat and entertainer audience you that.


Well, thank you for doing that. Cheers. Our guest is musician Jerron Paxton. He's got a new album of his own original songs called Things Done Changed. We'll be back after a short break. This is Fresh Air


Support for this podcast. And the following message come from Humana employees are the heartbeat of your business. That's why Humana offers group dental, vision, life, and disability plans designed to protect them. Exceptional service, broad networks, and modern benefits. That's the power of human care.


This message comes from Capella University. Learning doesn't have to get in the way of life. With Capella's game changing flex path learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your own schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to earn your degree. Instead, enjoy learning your way and pursue your educational and career goals without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hi, it's Marielle Sagara from Life Kid. There's a first time for everything including giving to NPR. Whether you're a brand new listener or a longtime fan, please join the community of NPR network supporters today. Make your gift@donate.npr.org. And thank you. So you, you said you moved to New York because in part because of the difficulty you were having with your eyesight, but I've also read that you moved to New York in part to learn maybe and and play more Stride piano. Was that, was there no real scene for that in Los Angeles? You know, I got to the state to go to college in Poughkeepsie, New York, and one trip down kind of made that realization.


So I didn't cross the country because I figured New York would be a good place to get along as a visually impaired person. But once I got to the other side of the country and took a trip down to New York City, it was like, oh, I didn't need a taxi cab, a cell phone or anything. I just, you know who you remember MapQuest? I bet. So I remember looking some directions up old MapQuest about how to get to the Jalopy Theater from Poughkeepsie, New York. And after that I was like, all right, I guess I could be independent. The Jalopy Theater has a lot of old time music in it. Yeah. So, but, but tell us about Stride piano in particular.


I, I guess one of your heroes is Fat Waller. One of my heroes is Fat Waller. And even a bigger hero than him is someone who's still alive, which is Mr. Dick Hyman. Mm, I, I kind of got drawn to New York 'cause I heard, oh, there's a jazz scoot. I later found out this wasn't true and Mr. Dick Hyman had moved to Florida at the time. I said, but I got New York got on my radar because I heard there was some schools out here, some jazz schools where they'll find somebody who plays a style you love and get them to teach you. And I was like, oh, well if I could study with Dick Hyman, I'd be great.


'cause I don't know if you know Dick Hyman, but he's sure he's just a master of all the great styles of jazz piano. And you know, I was casually listening to a Art Tatum interview and he was talking about all the great musicians he'd sit and listen to and he'd say, oh, have you heard this young cat called Dick Hyman? He's just a fantastic music now when Art Tatum is singing your praises, you know, you the cat's pajamas, you understand. And so I'd say even more so than Fatz Waller, who is, I'd say he's pretty low on my list of my favorite Stride piano. And I think the most fav, the first one I noticed was Willie Lyon Smith.


I think my most favorite is probably Lucky Roberts. And then right after him would be j James P. Johnson because James just a master of the piano and you know, fat Waller sounds like a human version of James P. Johnson. So I figured if I wanted to sound like James P. Johnson and I could, and I, you know, and I, you know, shooting for the moon and missing, I'd land amongst Fat Waller and be able to write a handful of keys and ain't misbehaving and things like That. Not too shabby, I would say. No, ain't that pretty good? Well, he, he did better than his mentor, as a matter of fact, you know, he did in certain ways. He was more famous and more known to today in James P. Johnson, although I think James P'S royalty checks outdoes anybody's Well, I wanted to play a bit of you playing sort of old time jazz piano, and this is from a duet album that you did with the Clarinettist and mandolin player, Dennis Liman.


The album is appropriately called Paxton and Liman, and this is part of the song called Caution Blues. And we're gonna start sort of partially into the song where Lachman's playing some clarinet, and then we'll hear you play some piano. So let's just listen to this.


That's my guest, Jerron Paxton, playing from a Duetta album that he did with clarinet as Dennis Liman. So Jerron, when you got to to New York, did you find sort of more like-minded musicians who played the kind of music that, that you enjoyed playing yourself? Oh yes. New York was a, a good town for the music I was getting into at that time, which was jazz. You know, there was some great musicians in Los Angeles, but very clearly not enough action down there for a person who, like I said, couldn't drive around the town support a livelihood. But when I got to New York City, boy, I, the culture for traditional jazz around here was absolutely amazing.


It still exists, you know, tra jazz, New York City Jazz is a part of New York's folk culture. And you know, as a, as a folk musician you off, you often deal with the idea that folk music is something rural. But you know, there innumerable folk songs that are made right here in New York City. You know, one of my favorite is Hall the Wood pile down that, you know, people think it's some ancient Anglo sea shanty or some country song from Georgia, Florida or something like that. But it's a Broadway song written in New York City in 1887, but it became a southern folk song.


You know, same with things like the chicken reel, songs from Boston that, you know, tend to emblem the south and folk culture of various city songs. You know, and coming here and just having this access of people that's like, oh, I, I play some James P. Johnson. Having people like Dalton Ryour who plays that style and having Terry Waldo here that plays like, you know, protege Ubi Blake and you know, just having that culture so palpable here. It was a amazing change. Well I wanted to end with the song that I think you like very much. It's written in 1928 by Irving Berlin.


It's called Sunshine. I'm gonna play this from the album that you did with Dennis Lman called Paxton the Lman. But before we hear it, could you tell us about this song? Like when you first heard it and what you like about it? I first heard it, I think the first person to play that for me might have been Frankie Fairfield or Mike Keefer. Mike Keefer was a great record collector and Frankie Fairfield doesn't need much of an introduction. And I think, I think we were sitting around listening to Vitaphone Shorts, which Mike Keefer collects, and I might have heard it there for the first time, but the first time that it really stuck with me is when Frank played it for me and we watched it again and he just fell in love with the song and the lady singing it and he started playing it on guitar and singing it.


And you know, I think I picked it up from him and soon got to be one of my favorite songs. And so Vita Vitone shorts are like shorts that they would play in front of movies. Yeah, it was some of the early, some of the early sound in theater process, I think made by Fox movie tone way back in the twenties. And so there'd be a lot of shorts and things like that. Comedic acts and their first film of things like vaudeville and things which later ended up killing the business. Well, we'll hear the song in a second. But first, Jerome Paxon, I just want to thank you so much for coming in today and bringing your instruments and playing some music for us.


Thank you very much. Thank you Sam. And this is Sunshine written by Irving Berlin. Lots of cobwebs in your head. You getting rusty? So you say you feeling badly and everything looks great. Are you feeling rusty?


Yes indeed. I know exactly what you need. A little sunshine will make you feel. Okay. Give the blues, find a sunny place. Go and paint your face a little bit of sunshine. Pay your doctor. Toss away his be Because You can cure your ears with a little bit of sunshine.


Why don't you take your tear, drop one by one before it is too late. Hang them out in the sun so they evaporate when your trouble starts pounding that jewel. Just Rub that in your with a little bit of sunshine. Giron Paxton spoke with fresh Air's, s Sam Briger. Tomorrow on Fresh Air, our guest will be Visual artist Mickaline Thomas.


Her art was described in the New York Times as bold and bedazzled paintings and photographs in which she centers images of her mother herself, her friends and lovers in sumptuous or art historical tableaus as a celebration of black femininity and agency, I hope you'll join us. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Welcome back Audrey. We're so happy to see you. Our thanks to Adam Stanski for his splendid job filling in as our engineer these past couple of months during Audrey's absence. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross. So they,


This message comes from NPR sponsor, betterment. Confusing. Eye contact with a mysterious stranger is never chill. But your investing portfolio should be, betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances. No more thinking about them more than their thinking about you. Because Betterment will be thinking about you and how to optimize your investments. Well. You'll be thinking about that mysterious stranger Betterment, be invested and totally chill. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


This message comes from Doctors Without Borders when an emergency strikes every second counts. That's why Doctors Without Borders Teams don't waste a single one. Learn how to make a lifesaving donation today@doctorswithoutborders.org slash npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Oxfam. Oxfam operates in more than 75 countries around the world providing lifesaving aid to people in times of crisis while fighting inequality for the long term. This Giving season, donate@oxfamamerica.org slash npr.