
Support for this NPR podcast and the following message come from Carvana, the convenient way to buy a car online. Carvana has finance options so you can customize your terms down to the penny or explore a different down and monthly payment options. Get pre-qualified for an auto loan in under two minutes at Carvana dot com. This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley. And right now tens of thousands of people have converged on the United Center Stadium in Chicago for the Democratic National Convention. We Hereby call the in-person portion of the 49th Quadrennial Democratic National Convention to order Like the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee for the RNCA few weeks ago.


The United Center Stadium has transformed into the beating heart of the DNC in the presidential race. It's a tradition that has endured for over 150 years. Stadiums are the epicenter of politics, sports, and entertainment. And as my guest today writes in his new book, there are also venues where people go to wrestle with defining the Soul of America. Frank Gordy's new book, the Stadium, an American History of Politics, protest and Play is a deeply researched look at the role of stadiums in the United States from the 1920s pro-Nazi rally at Madison Square Garden to the 2020 Barclay Center Racial justice protests in the wake of George Floyd's murder stadium's.


Gor rights are our nation's public squares where we battle over race, class, gender, and sexual inequities. He also delves into how stadiums have become billboards for corporations and their influence on urban development and gentrification and how it came to be that taxpayers often pay to build and maintain stadiums with little economic benefit for communities. Gordy spent 15 years conducting research for his book, his previous book, the Sports Revolution, how Texas Changed the Culture of American Athletics is about the Sports Revolution of the sixties and seventies when civil rights and feminist movements were reshaping the nation.


He's a professor of history and African American studies at Columbia University and Frank Goriti. Welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you for having me. It's, it's great to be here. What a timely discussion because your book actually starts off by taking us to the Democratic National Convention. A hundred years ago, it was June 28th, 1924, 17,000 people crammed into Madison Square Garden. And as you write division was high, the country was in the throes of discontent over a changing America. This sounds very familiar and there was a defining consequential issue that turned the garden for two weeks into the center of political theater.


Tell us about it. Yes. The resonances between 1920s America and 2020s America are, are really hard to avoid in the historian's mind. So at that time, you know, the US is wrestling with all sorts of questions and one of them being the question of immigration, right? There's a moment when millions of people and tens of thousands of people have migrated to the United States from Europe and other parts of the world as well. And it's a moment where we're seeing resurgent nativism, strong movements in the Democratic party, actually not the Republicans in that sense. It's different, you know, against immigration. And one of those forces catalyzing that nativist movement was the advent of the Ku Klutz Klan.


It's second iteration when it emerged in the 1920s. And the Democratic party is wrestling with this because the Democrats were dominated in part by Southerners, right? Who were presided over Jim Crow segregation in the South. And so one of the issues at that convention was, you know, should the party pass a resolution condemning the clan and it becomes this major, major point of contestation and they are literally fisticuffs at the garden, you know, for two weeks to try to figure out that and to figure out who the nominee was going to be. And at a certain point, Andrew Irwin, who was from Georgia, the son of a confederate, gets up there and turns the garden upside down and says that the Klan is the most destructive force in America.


And people are stunned that this Georgian saying this, and it just turns the convention on its head. And so in the end, the resolution doesn't pass by one vote. They wind up landing on a compromised candidate, John Davis, who eventually loses easily to Calvin Coolidge, the Republican nominee that year. And so, you know, that was the longest political convention in American political history and it happened a hundred years ago in Madison Square Garden. You started there because it really is such a powerful illustration of how stadiums had at that point become like the public square for public discourse and a, a show of what was happening culturally and socially within our country.


That's exactly right because we tend to think of stadiums as places to see things that we saw at the Olympics, right? Extraordinary athletic performances. Or we see our favorite concert performers, Beyonce or Taylor Swift. But what I'm trying to show in this book is that stadiums have had a much larger role in American history. You know, they're by definition political 'cause they're contingent on political processes to make them possible in their management and in their construction, but also they become political because, you know, We fight our political battles in stadiums. And that 24 conventions is one of many examples of the ways in which we see, you know, all sorts of contending forces for the status quo, for the perpetuation of a Jim Crow segregation or corporate domination to the social movements who contest those hierarchies that pervaded American history.


And so many of those battles happen in stadiums because they're places where people congregate 'cause they're large, because they can accommodate all sorts of people. And They become ideal places to stake your claims on what you want from the United States to be. We're going to get into some of those social and political movements that really shaped the stadium experience. But before we get to that, I wanna talk to you about why taxpayers fund them. So in the book you go way back to the 18 hundreds and you write about how it would've been inconceivable that taxpayers would be on the hook for construction and upkeep back then private entities actually paid for arenas and stadiums.


So how did it come to be that taxpayers now essentially pick up the tab When stadiums are emerging, as you know, as I see them as circus tents and, you know, wooden constructed ballparks. You know, they're built by entrepreneurs who are kind of carrying the kind of 19th century amusement culture and what becomes eventually what we know as the entertainment industry. And that's an industry in, it's an embryonic state in the late 19th century, early 20th century. And it really isn't until, you know, two things happen. Number one, Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal helps begin the process by which public funds are building stadiums. Part of his Public works project was building stadiums across the country, right? In small towns.


And even in a place like Miami where, you know, where the Orange Bowl, which had existed for a long time was a New deal stadium construction. but it isn't until after World War ii when we see the exploding growth of both the sport and the entertainment industry. When the United States really becomes a nationally sports craze nation where sports franchisees start to make the case to politicians that, you know what, if you want to have a team in your city, you need to build a stadium for us. And politicians discover that they can gain a lot of political capital by bringing a major league team to their city. And that accounts for the exploding growth of publicly financed stadiums in the 1960s and seventies and really until this day. And the argument for that oftentimes is that, oh, you know, a a new stadium will bring jobs, they'll bring people into a city, for instance, and then those people will spend money.


And so those are the short run impacts that can be significant. But what are some of the realities of the financial benefits for cities to then have taxpayers fit the bill for, for construction in upkeep? The economic argument for stadiums is fairly novel. It's only the last 30 years where we see this argument that essentially stadiums that can become revenue generators or can help catalyze economic revitalization in dormant inner cities. You know, before that, you know, the argument was, yes, we want major league teams, but that these buildings were seen as monuments to local civic identity. I mean, whether it's the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum or, or you know, so many states, Memorial Stadium in Baltimore. These were, these were seen as memorials as much as they were sports or cultural facilities.


That civic identity has faded as stains have been turned into, you know, essentially corporatized structures that are now have the names of corporations on them now. And they've been dressed up as sort of, you know, I would argue temples of worship to the corporate garage to the 21st century. Right? You know, they're, my name is the State Farm insurance or Toyota or American Crypto Arena. Crypto arena. And the names change constantly, right? And so, so this notion that stadiums are places that help generate economic development is a fairly recent argument. And it's one that's been debunked over and over and over again by economists who've shown because of the enormous amount of costs that is incurred when you build them and maintaining them, that in fact whatever revenues they generate right, are outweighed by the cost of construction and maintenance.


And so, and that's an argument that has been, you know, argued about over and over again over the last 30, 40 years. And sometimes municipalities see the value in not billing a stadium, but more often than not, they actually capitulate to these arguments than they wind up billing stadiums more and more. And we've seen it sort of an upsurge of stadium construction, you know, over the last several decades. And what that does, I mean, I'm going back to that thing you said about stadiums being a marker for civic identity. So before there were all of those ads everywhere and corporations then took over the names of them. There was, I mean, I grew up in Detroit and I remember Cobo Hall, a Cobo Arena, and there were, you write about this in your book, but I remember it that it was a place that felt so Detroit when you went inside, there were markers.


The people who who worked inside and outside of it were characters. Now, I guess they feel like cookie cutter or corporations in many ways. You know, it's funny because when Camden Yards and Baltimore is built in 1991, it really transforms the meaning of stadiums and even their location. You know, it's built in downtown Baltimore and it, it is this kind of manufactured homage to the city's industrial past, and it's hailed by ballpark enthusiasts all over the country. And it helps unleash this phenomenon of kind of the retro ballpark construction that takes off in cities all over the country. Everybody wants to build a, a stadium, you know, modeled on Canyon Yards in Baltimore, but then that becomes a, a generic formula, right?


Where, you know, they have very similar architectural styles, they have brick constructions and cast iron and, and all sorts of things like glass, where now they all look the same. And then when you add the corporate name to them, then, you know, like right now I would argue that most of these facilities feel like no place, right? Because they all have the same sort of arrangements of ads and same types of scoreboards, same sorts of, you know, sort of rituals that we see at the, at the contemporary stadium and arena. And then I would also argue, you know, minimal or less civic usage than they used to be in previous decades. Ironically, I think the contemporary stadium, more often than not obliterates a sense of space rather than actually creating a sense of a local identity. Frank, let's talk about America's favorite pastime and how it has essentially shaped the stadium experience that we know today.


So baseball stadiums used to be, as you mentioned earlier, these wooden structures before they turned into these architectural landmarks that we know of them. And they used to be in neighborhoods. And I wanna play a clip of the 1952 World Series between the New York Yankees and the Brooklyn Dodgers. The series was played at EBTs Field in Brooklyn, New York, the home of the Brooklyn Dodgers. Let's listen The final game of the 1952 World Series, and I know that you're anxious to know the official identities of the starting pitchers, and so quickly, quickly we go right down to the playing field and show you, as you would expect, right-handed Joe Black of the Brooklyn Dodgers as previously announced by Chuck Dressen making his third appearance in this series as the starting picture.


That was a clip from the 1952 World Series between the Yankees and the Dodgers at EBTs Field in Brooklyn, New York. And I'm talking to author Frank Goriti about the social and political history of stadiums in our country. And Frank, you heard the announcer mentioned Joe Black and Jackie Robinson also played in that World Series. And as we know, he broke the major league color line in 1947, Robinson brought black fans into the stadium in record numbers. What was that integration experience like? The story of racial integration and the impact of Jackie Robinson on that process has been told over and over again and with good reason, right?


I think there's a way in which American Post World War II identity is very much tied to the way we imagined that we overcame Jim Crow segregation and the role of Jackie Robinson and Sports In general in that process. And that ballparks like T'S field become places of this enormous cultural and social and political transformation. Now, it's not just because Jackie Robinson shows up in a Brooklyn Dodger uniform, it's because people have been agitating for the desegregation in the elimination of Jim Crow for decades in New York City. For sure. And that's part of the backdrop that, you know, compels Branch Ricky to sign Jackie Robinson.


Not the only factor, but it's a major one. And we see this all across the country, particularly in the south, when the stadium in, in that case, it's not just a baseball stadium, but the college football stadium becomes this kind of shrine, this temple that is designed in part to not just stage football games, but to actually exemplify and celebrate the Jim Crow South. And its imagined legacy in the Confederacy, right? And slavery. And so, you know, stadiums up until the mid 20th century, particularly in the South, were all white affairs, right? Or certainly designed to sort of exclude people of African descent and non-white peoples. But because of the impact of the freedom movements across the South and in other parts of the country, you know, we see this major shift playing out in public at stadiums across the country, right?


And so Americans are able to experience that, you know, live, you know, at your local facility. You write about how stadiums in the thirties also became like these places to cultivate mass loyalty, for example, singing the Star Spangled Banner and raising the flag, which are synonymous with sports events. It it almost like, without even thinking about it, that's just what you do. I can't imagine a world where a game would start and, and we wouldn't start that way. What were the first instances of, of that ritual? Yeah, it starts in the early 20th century where we start to see performances of Francis Scott Key's anthem in public places, right?


but it isn't until 1931 when it becomes the national anthem. And it really isn't until like, even like the 1940s where we start to see the kind of regular performance of the national, of the Star-Spangled Banner before sporting events. You know, that's not that long ago. If you think about it again, you, as you suggest, I mean, it's this thing that we just do, it's standard procedure, not just before sporting events, but you know, before concerts sometimes too, right? So, and in other countries, that's actually not the case. The US is kind of unique in that way, you know, not coincidentally in the aftermath of wars and the aftermath of World War I in the aftermath of World War ii. And then as I talk about later on, when we start to see the proliferation of, of Anthems like America, the Beautiful and others performed after nine 11, right?


Where, you know, in moments, not coincidentally where the United States is at war, when the US government really has to make the case of national loyalty to its citizens and the ballpark and the stadium in the arena becomes one of those places where that loyalty is cultivated. You write about this, but I had never thought about it in this context when Whitney Houston sang the Star Spangled Banner at the 91 Super Bowl, and everyone in the stands at the Tampa Stadium, they wave these signature, you know, these little small miniature flags that was actually a moment tied to the Gulf War as a way to engage patriotism. Yes. The very famous memorable performance of Whitney Houston, which, you know, inaugurates a, a pattern that we've seen to the present where women of color and black women performers often fulfill that function of stirring the nation at the sporting event.


I mean, we saw the Beyonce at the 2015 Super Bowl, right? I mean, and so it's an interesting, you know, kind of foreground, you know, the person from the marginalized community to bring the nation together. And again, as you say, that happens in the midst of the Gulf War, right? If you look at patriotic performances in the seventies and eighties, very different, right? I mean, like the bicentennial, you know, it's kind of a, you know, that you have the color guard out there, but you don't see this hyper militarized, hyper patriotic performance at ballparks, right? In the 1983, NBA All Star game is remembered from Marvin Gaye's extraordinarily sultry performance of the national anthem. Oh, right, right. Yeah. Very different vibe in those years after the Vietnam War.


But basically from the Gulf War forward and after nine 11, patriotic culture at ballparks and stains becomes much more patriotic. And the kind of expression of American patriotism, I, I argue, becomes narrowed in a lot of ways, right? And we see this, if you just track the performances at half times or pre-game shows as I did, and you see that transformation very clearly. You call this militarized nationalism. And it got me thinking so much about the debate around Colin Kaepernick taking the knee in 2016, because the discourse during that time was sporting events are no place for protest. But what he did wasn't inherently unusual. Athletes have used their platforms to protest for years, but the blowback was much stronger in 2016 than what we had seen in the past.


What was different about that particular moment? By the time Kaepernick takes his knee at Qualcomm's stadium in August, 2016, now eight years ago, you at that point had 15 years of Jet flyovers, 15 years of honoring the military and law enforcement. And that's the thing that's interesting. After nine 11, the ways in which these, you know, kind celebrations of the military become celebrations of law enforcement, which almost immediately, you know, partly because of those who died among the first responders of the Twin Towers, but it's more than that. It becomes a policy of pushing pro-police politics, I would argue across the country.


And so now that by the time Kaepernick does what he does, it's now 15 years of that in which patriotic expression is narrowed and descent is less tolerated in public. Certainly athletes have been persecuted before Colin Kaepernick, most famously Tommy Smith and John Carlos, when they make their black power salute at the 1968 Olympic Games in Mexico City. But I, you know, having lived long enough and have you studied this myself, you do see the absolute intolerance and the vilification of Colin Kaepernick, which I would argue was unprecedented, right? And I think it's because we have converted the stadium into a pep rally for the military and for law enforcement. So any sort of questioning, just the questioning of any sort of police action becomes intolerable, especially when the black athlete does it.


So I think that's what accounts for the absolute virulent response to Kaepernick and other athletes as well. I mean, he's most famous case, but there were others. I think that's what I would argue. I think that that's why the stadium becomes this interesting theater to look at the way in which we make sense of our world and of American politics. And I definitely think that there's a much more repressive political culture that ensues after nine 11 than what existed before. Let's take a short break. Our guest today is author Frank Goriti. He's written a new book, the Stadium, an American History of Politics, protest, and Play. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air. On this week's episode of Wild Card Soccer legend Abby Wambach says, the transition from professional athlete to normal person can be tough.


There's This innate narcissism that is almost required in order to be a high level Athlete. I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPRs Wild Card podcast, the game where Cards Control the Conversation. On this week's episode of Wild Card author Tatie Brodes Ner talks about the strange places we can find peace. I've always felt safe when I was in motion. I think that being in transit is actually the only time you can stop. Like I, I feel very safe. I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPRs Wild card podcast, the game where Cards Control, the Conversation On the TED Radio Hour legendary soccer player, Abby Wambach, remembers exactly what was going on in her mind at a crucial moment during the 2011 World Cup.


As soon as the ball came off of her foot, I knew that that ball was coming to my head. The only thing in my mind was, don't screw this up. How to apply sports psychology to everyday life. On the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR, Truth, independence, fairness, transparency, respect, excellence. This is NPR. I wanna talk about some of the historical social movements that give us a deeper understanding of where we are now. In the book, you take us to 1972, to Los Angeles, to Wattstax, what was Wattstax?


Wattstax was a concert political rally celebration of the black community all in one. It was organized by black cultural activists in Los Angeles who had already organized the Watt Summer Festival, which was organized in the aftermath of the very famous Watts uprising of August, 1965, in which the black community rose up against police violence and economic deterioration and political repression. And black Angelenos decided right after that that nobody would ever forget Watts. And so we see as an interesting moment across the country, but in LA in particular of a kind of explosion of black cultural activism and black activism, In general and African Americans are making inroads into local politics.


Most famously through the election of Tom Bradley, the first black mayor who gets elected in 1973. So you see this influx of African American political and cultural power after Watts actually. And so those organizers come together with Stacks Records, a very famous record company based in Memphis, Tennessee that I recorded some of the leading soul acts of the day, most famously Isaac Hayes, the Staples Singers among others. And they motivated by a sense of corporate responsibility come together with these organizers and stage this event at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, which featured all of their artists. You know, it was essentially a benefit concert to raise money for black Angelino institutions, right? It's this convergence of the record company, the organizers. And it was documented for posterity in the very famous Wattstax documentary.


So it becomes this celebration of black power politics, finance in part by corporate money, but also made possible because the La Coliseum was a public institution where events like this had happened over and over again, right? And so that's why the Wattstax concept becomes really significant culturally and politically Right? It's a memorial, a concert in a political rally all in one. And I wanna play a clip from the opening ceremony. In this, we hear a young Jesse Jackson, he steps onto the Coliseum stage at the time, he's the founder of Operation Push, which is the people united to save humanity. And when he looked out onto the crowd, he saw this large mass of black people.


It was the largest as you write, since the march on Washington, nine years before. So here is Jesse Jackson engaging the audience to repeat a chant. I am, I'm somebody, somebody, I'm I somebody, somebody. I may be poor, I may be poor, but I'm somebody, somebody, I may be on welfare fast, but I'm somebody, I may be unskilled, I may be unskilled, but I'm somebody, somebody, I'm beautiful.


Wow. I must be respected, I must be protected. That was Civil rights leader, Jesse Jackson, giving the opening ceremony of the Wattstax concert at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in 1972 to Mark what was the seventh anniversary of the 1965 Watts Riot. And Frank, the event was intended to be this celebration of black culture and this demonstration of community resilience and pride. It also showed the shift in the community's relationship with the Coliseum. What did it tell us about the political leverage black activists and public officials actually had at that time at the Colosseum, It shows us how black Angelinos were having increasing political power, no doubt, right?


And so we see, you know, black elected officials emerging slowly but steadily again with Tom Bradley being elected the, the year later. But on the Colosseum Commission, the commission actually governed and managed the facility. We have African Americans on that commission, right? So it's not by accident that wat Sac becomes the venue, in part because it's in South Los Angeles, which at that time, right? And still is a predominantly black community. That's the other part of the story. You know, we are seeing the promises, you know, at least at that moment, 1972 is a kind of apogee of black power politics. The Gary Political Convention, the black political convention happens just a few months earlier. Shirley Chisholm has historic candidacy for the presidency that year, 1972, right? And so, you know, all of that is coming together at the La Coliseum on that August afternoon.


And I think that, that you're seeing the kind of ascendants of black political power. I mean, and a lot of the promises were not fulfilled. But nonetheless, you see the kind of optimism and the, and the notion that things are shifting for African-Americans in the country at that time. Let's take a short break if you're just joining us. My guest today is author and scholar, Frank Goriti. He's written a new book about stadiums in the United States called The Stadium, an American History of Politics, protest, and Play. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh Air. Do you want in on a secret like why bro culture is making a comeback or why a makeup fad is suddenly sweeping your feed on the, it's Been a minute podcast.


We know these things don't happen by accident. So join me as we go beyond the trends and find out the why. Follow the, it's Been a minute podcast from NPR This summer on Planet Money. We're bringing you the entire history of the world, at least the economics part. It's Planet Money Summer School. Every week we'll invite in a brilliant professor and play classic episodes about the birth of money banks and finance. There will be rogues and revolutionaries and a lot of panics Summer school every Wednesday till Labor Day on the Planet Money Podcast from NPR. If you think the economy makes no sense right now, You are probably right because even economists can't explain it lately.


But our podcast, the indicator from Planet Money, we're A little dose of clarity on the biggest economic questions of the Day and about the forces that affect your Life in 10 minutes or less every weekday. The indicator from Planet Money from NPR Frank, it's interesting how you note the stadium, like the school board, like the government, like media was also a battleground for gay liberation, in part because baseball stadiums were where as you describe this segment of anti-gay movements took hold. What did that look like? What were the ways anti-gay sentiment was expressed in stadiums and at games?


Well, it's expressed in the fact that I think the dominant culture at, at most stadiums was, you know, very hetero masculinist for sure. Right? but it isn't until the, till you start to see the advent of the gay rights movement, or in its iteration after the Stonewall uprising in New York in 1969, where you start to see this, you know, this anxiety in this pushback, strong pushback against the presence of gays and lesbians and queer people, you know, throughout American society, but in particular at ballparks, right? And, and one of the most famous cases, or infamous cases of this was the 1979 Disco Demolition event that happened at Chicago's Comiskey Park, in which a local disc jockey Steve Dahl, decided to create the ceremony in the, in the middle of a baseball doubleheader to blow up disco records, right?


And this is the moment when the kind of anti disco movement was emerging in the United States, and it was very much an anti-gay movement, right? It was very much fueled by homophobia and racism, even though doll insisted it didn't. But if you actually look at the evidence, it's very clear. And so, you know, you start to see, you know, that event turns into a riot where literally people charged the field and the games are, are canceled. The second game of the double headers canceled on that on that evening in 1979 in Chicago. So the ballpark becomes this battleground, and it's because in part, gay activists take their struggle to the stadium. And they do that in San Francisco with the advent of the gay games movement, which is created by Tom Waddle among a host of other organizers who decide to create kind of an anti Olympic Olympic right, to sort of create their own athletic competition that showcase the athletic talents of gays and lesbians.


And that's what they do in San Francisco in the early 1980s. And their first gay games happens in Kezar Stadium, another public controlled stadium In the summer of 1982 At the gay games opening ceremony. Tina Turner performed thousands attended, they played lots of different games. I wanna play a clip from a documentary from the BBC, Sarah Waddle. Loewenstein was a founding board member of the Games and widow of, of Tom Waddle. In this clip, she talks about the feeling that everyone felt the first day of the games When we marched in and we had all of these people on both sides of the stadium clapping for us, we all cried, we all cried.


May I welcome you athletes and spectators from all over the world to the first gay games That was Sarah Waddle Loewenstein talking about the first gay games in 1982 in San Francisco. You talked about Frank, how really there was this movement that had already been happening for several years that led up to the formation of the gay games. What impact did the games then have on the broader L-G-B-T-Q movement? So, I mean, San Francisco is this extraordinary place in the 1970s. It's this flourishing of all sorts of gay institutions, you know, and some of that is, is showing up in the sports world where the proliferation of gay softball leagues and all sorts of other recreational activities, you know, for, you know, gays and lesbians and other, other folks who identified as queer that we would say now queer, right?


And so, yeah, so it's, it's not by accident. This is happening in San Francisco and Waddle himself had been an athlete. He actually performed at the 68 Olympics, right? He actually was one of the few people who actually stood in solidarity with Tommy Smith and John Carlos. Right? And so, you know, you know, what he was trying to do was to showcase to America that gays and lesbians are, you know, can be athletes and can be normal. Right? Some of the, he's something he would say over and over again actually, right? And so, and many other folks are like, well, no, we don't, that's not to show how normal we are, but we could show the extraordinary cultures that we have that we've been developing in our communities, you know, in the bars. But what Waddles movement and that movement does, it allows it to bring it out into the public, right? And it's not by accident, they bring it out to the local stadium.


Keysar Stadium was a local institution, right? It had been the place that the San Francisco 49 ERs NFL franchise had played for 25 years. And so here we see in the eighties, you know, Keysar becomes this space where the anti-war movement in the seventies and now the gay movement in the eighties is showcasing itself in all of its glory, right? And that's what we see happening there. And so it has an enormous impact, you know, politically. And it also showed that, of course, at that time, this is the moment when gays and lesbians were having political influence, right? Obviously in, in the seventies is when we have Harvey Milk get elected to the local board of supervisors. He's assassinated by Dan White, of course, most famously. But, so we've got kind of the gay lesbian movement really emerging and it shows itself very clearly at the local stadium and it stadiums in other parts of the country as well.


Right? I mean, it also sounds like this is the beginning of a movement for gay and lesbians place in sports more generally, which is something that we still have a conversation and discourse about. Like it is still in many instances a contentious topic. No doubt. And, and it was then, because one of the things that happens, part of the story I didn't get to is that the International Olympic Committee actually goes out of its way to make sure that this movement can't use the Olympic word at all. It was actually originally Called, so that's why it's just gay games. That's exactly right. They actually, now they follow a lawsuit, but they, I mean, they go outta their way to harass and make life miserable for that organizing committee. Right. And so, you know, they're, they're combating homophobia in sports.


Absolutely. And this was something near and dear to that, to Waddle and his and his colleagues and to those athletes, right? And I think that, I mean, as I read the accounts and your audio brings this through over and over again, the enormous impact that it had to see athletes in all shapes and size from all over the world, not just from the United States, you know, showcasing themselves publicly and unapologetically, and then performing their own, you know, their own dances, you know, doing disco dances during the, the, the ceremonies as well after years after disco supposedly had died. Right. And so this was about showcasing the gay, lesbian, queer community, all of its fullness. What did you find out about safety challenges?


I'm thinking about the 2021 Astroworld Festival in Houston, Texas, and just to remind people, 10 people died and there were hundreds of people that were injured. The crowd surged onto the stage while rapper Travis Scott was performing. Was that an outlier or a signal of bigger issues around safety? That's a great question. You know, stadiums, you know, show us at our best and can show us at our worst, right? I mean, if you're a follower of soccer in Europe, you know, there's long standing traditions of hooliganism and, and stadiums are designed to actually keep fan bases apart because of the kind of tribalistic affiliations that people have to their local soccer clubs, right?


So safety, of course, anytime you're gonna bring tens of thousands of people together, safety's gonna be a question. Right? No doubt. Absolutely. Right? And, and that becomes a major issue after nine 11 when we see the larger securitization of American society. I mean, we're seeing that even on college campuses where I work, where, you know, now you need to have ID swipes. I mean, securitization is a fact of life, right? Unfortunately, I would say. 'cause it really curtails our ability to engage. I think so, so certainly yes. I mean, that's an issue at stadiums, no doubt, you know, but if you actually look at the function of security guards and stadiums, they're usually there to keep the crowd segregated. You know? That's the thing that I've No, absolutely. I remember. Do You mean by that? What do I mean by that? So when I, if I remember going to Bruce Springs Sting's last concert at the old LA Sports arena, and, you know, it was, it was one of his favorite arenas, a very small, intimate setting he performing and I watched what the security cards were doing and what they were doing.


They were making sure that the VIP crowd can go into these sections and that, that the, you know, the general public can go in these sections, that that's actually what most often private security guards do if you actually look at what they do, right? And so even the question of safety and security has this interesting other element that is often not thought about. You know, early on you talk about how in the early 19 hundreds and before stadiums were places for the elite, and I'm thinking about today with the VIPs. I mean, you can spend a lot of money to have a VIP experience to go to a sporting event or a concert and have like the top of the line. I mean, you can really take it up there, you know, with what you get in a private box and everything.


Like do those experiences mirror each other? Yeah, well, I mean, I think this is part of the larger phenomenon of capitalizing on aspirations of the VIP life, which we see in the airline in the airplane, and we see at the local stadium. Absolutely. Right? And so, you know, you're paying more for A-V-A-I-P experience. And so because the VIP sections take up much bigger amounts of real estate than seats for the average fan, and the average fan is not a working class person. The average fan is somebody who's upper middle class or somehow gets a ticket. Also, seating capacity is much smaller now. So you have large parts of the stadium real estate devoted to the VIP crowd, to the corporate crowd, right?


And you have less, you know, space devoted to the, for the average sports fan, right? And this is something that sports fans lament over and over again. And you could say, well, well, people could just watch sports or watch whatever they wanna watch on their, on their device, right? But what we discovered in 2020 is that the fan really matters, right? Right. That playing sports in front of empty seats, you know, there were people actually writing articles before 2020, like, you know, we really need fans in stadiums anymore. And the 2020 shows actually we do need 'em there, right? Yes. And that the athletes want 'em there and that the public wants to be there because it is a place to be. I mean, again, this, think of stadiums as institutions. Think of 'em as places where, you know, people want to go and congregate, you know, with good reason.


And I think that, you know, that's the stadium at its best when we actually, you know, use it for that purpose. So that why not open it up to a wider swath of people. Frank Goriti, thank you so much for this book and this conversation. Real pleasure to be here. Thank you. Author Frank Goriti. His new book is called The Stadium, an American History of Politics, protest and Play. Coming up Rock critic Ken Tucker reviews Neil Young's 1974 album on the beach on its 50th anniversary. This is Fresh Air. If you are hearing this, that means you haven't gone sponsor free with NPR. Plus, join us on the plus side for awesome podcast perks across more than 20 NPR podcasts, including bonus episodes behind the scenes content sponsor free listening, and more.


Learn more and sign up@plus.npr.org and never hear this promo again. Okay, so tell me if this sounds like you, you love NPRs podcasts, you wish they weren't interrupted by sponsor breaks like this one, and you want to support NPR R'S mission of creating a more informed public. If this does sound like you, then it's time to sign up for perks across more than 20 podcasts with the NPR r plus bundle. Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org. The Constitution, our founding document says a lot about how our country has evolved and who we want to be, but it's not set in stone.


So for the next month, we'll be digging into the history behind some of its most pivotal amendments. Listen to we the People on the Through Line podcast from NPR, Our rock critic Kin Tucker continues his summer series about great albums celebrating their 50th anniversary and what could be more appropriate for summer series than the Neil Young album called On the Beach. It's not all sunny, though Young has referred to his 1974 album as one of the most depressing records he's ever made. Ken explains the context behind that remark and why he thinks Young's downbeat music is actually thrilling, even inspirational.


I need a, my problems that don't make. I need a crowd of people I can't.


On the title song of On the Beach, Neil Young sings, I need a crowd of people, but I can't face them Day to day, two years before the release of this album in 1974, young had put out Harvest a huge hit that attracted that crowd of people. It remains his bestselling album, but that success freaked him out. He started to write songs that were more downbeat, more guarded and prickly. His marriage to actress. Carrie Snodgrass was collapsing when his guitarist, Danny Whitten and one of his roadies, Bruce Berry, passed within months of each other in drug related deaths. He told Rolling Stone that he held himself partly responsible.


Young, went into the studio and started talking about feeling like a blood sucking vampire. I'm a va, blood from va.


I am a, The recording sessions for On the Beach were gloomy affairs fueled by a lugubrious drug mixture. The musicians called Honey Slides. In this context Revolution Blues Young's rumination on psycho killer Charles Manson fit right into the overall mood. Young enlisted Levon Helm and Rick Danko, the rhythm section of the band to power up his memories of once Trading guitar licks with Manson, the song Ventures to get inside Manson's warped head with shocking, vivid details. It's one of the best songs young has ever written and performed. I a, With My car being on, I keep hopping, my ammunition's gone, but I'm still not.


I feel There's Something I The revolution. I see bloody mountains and 10 millions coming down the mountain. I hear full, but I, Is it any wonder, Neil Young was Johnny Rottens favorite hippie, the bleak, but beautiful music young was making during this period, mixed folk and country with rough production and pinched piercing vocals.


It was Young's early homegrown version of punk rock. All the sailors with the Seasick mama hear the sirens on the Shor singing songs for Taylor. You charge $10 at the door. You can really learn a lot that way.


It'll change you in the middle of the day. Though Your confidence may be shatter, it doesn't matter. One thing on the beach demonstrates is that artists can make good art no matter how hemmed in churlish or depressed they may be. What might emerge from such low moods can prove revelatory and relatable in the way that the best songs about feeling bad can feel so good to a listener with typical willfulness. The summarizing message of On the Beach can actually be found in its very first song.


Walk On Quote. Sooner or later, it all gets real. I hear some bring up, I Can't tell them.


The album cover depicts Neil Young, alone, barefoot in the Santa Monica, sand his back to us all, but shouting, get Off My beach. His songs are stormy warnings beware. I'm no role model, but its music also says we're all in this together. A bummer and a downer on the beach takes us not to the edge of the ocean, but to the abyss Rock critic Ken Tucker reviewed Neil Young's 1974 album on the beach on tomorrow's show, how One investigative reporter says Donald Trump has changed federal law enforcement. David Road argues that since 2016 Trump has used conspiracy theories, co-option and threats, Tobin Justice Department and FBI officials to his will.


R's new book is where Tyranny Begins. I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our senior producer today is Sam Rigger. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annemarie Baldonado, Lauren k Crile, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Challenor, Susan Kudi, and Joel Wolfram. Our digital media producers are Molly CV Nesper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta Schrock directs the show for Terry Gross.


I'm m Tanya Moseley On this week's episode of Wild Card Musical Icon, Ani DeFranco. I get a lot of, you know, oh, I loved you in the nineties. You know, it's a lot of, ah, in the high school, you know, we're both 50. She lets me in on the Secret to reinventing yourself when you feel stuck in a certain box that's on the Wild Card Podcast. the game where Cards Control, the Conversation, They're all over the internet and bumping out of people's cars. They're the songs of the summer, and this year includes the domination of Charlie XCX and Brat Summer. She's Really tapping into this moment where we are all chronically online, but also chronically outside.


We are talking about the songs of the summer and why they're so catchy and inescapable. Listen to the Pop Culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.