
This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana.


This is Fresh Air. I'm teary gross. I always look forward to a new Richard Price novel. And after nearly 10 years of waiting, he has a new one called Lazarus Man. During those 10 years, he co-created and wrote for the HBO series, the Night of and the Outsider, and wrote for the HBO series, the Deuce. Before that he wrote for The Wire, one of the best TV series ever. Several of his earlier novels were adapted into films including Clockers, Freedomland, and The Wanderers. He also wrote the screenplay for the film. Al Pacino considers his comeback film Sea of Love. Price is considered one of the best writers of urban fiction and one of the best writers of dialogue and I think that's true of his new novel, which is set in Harlem, where price has lived since 2008, the same year that the novel is set.


The story revolves around the collapse of a five story building whose impact is like a very small scale. Nine 11. It's devastating for the people in the neighborhood, including the survivors and the people grieving for loved ones who've died. The collapse changes the lives of each of the main characters, including a young street photographer, a police community affairs officer, a funeral director who can't keep up with the quota of bodies he needs to stay in business. And a 42-year-old man who has been feeling like he's lost everything and has little to live for and is found buried in the rubble. It's remarkable that he's still alive, which is why the novel's called Lazarus Man. Reviewing the novel in the Washington Post, Ron Charles wrote For a Nation Riven and Terrified Lazarus Man is the strangest of urban thrillers.


A thoughtful, even peaceful story about stumbling into new life. Richard Price, welcome back to Fresh Air because I love your writing. I wanna start with the, a reading from the very beginning of the book. Alrighty. It was one of those nights for Anthony Carter, 42, 2 years unemployed, two years separated from his wife and stepdaughter, six months into cocaine sobriety, and recently moved into his late parents' apartment on Frederick Douglas Boulevard. Went to be alone with his thoughts, alone with his losses, was not survivable. So he did what he always did, hit the streets beating, hit the bars on Lennox one after the other, finding this one too ghetto.


That one too Scandinavian tourists, this one too loud, that one too quiet. On and on. Taking just a few sips of his drink in each one, dropping dollars and heading out for the next establishment, like an 80 proof Goldilocks thinking maybe this next place, this next random conversation would be the trigger for some kind of epiphany that would show him a new way to be. but it was all part of a routine that never led him anywhere. But back to the apartment. This, he knew this he had learned over and over, but maybe this time is a drug you never know is a drug. So out the door he went, When we spoke in 1986, after your novel, the Breaks, you said something that reminds me of something that you wrote in the paragraph that you read this whole kind of like maybe this time that the whole idea of maybe this time can be a drug.


You were talking about your feeling of discontent when you were, you know, younger and feeling like you're over here, but it's over there and the minute you're over there yeah, it's over here. This feeling of restlessness and discontent and maybe wanting to be someone else and Well, well, you know, it's just some people have like this constant state of low key agitation that the thing, the very thing that's going to make you whole is like one micro dot outside your fingertips and then you can't find it at all and repeat if necessary. It was a level of dissatisfaction I felt, but I don't feel that anymore.


I grew out of it and now I'm kind of, I wouldn't say chill, I'll never be chill, but you know, at least I'm, you know, more relaxed and settled than I've ever been. You wrote this novel during the Covid shutdown, at least part of it during the Covid shutdown. And I'm wondering if you were feeling more vulnerable at that time. I mean, you live in, in Manhattan, which was a city that had like trucks that had been turned into morgues. Were you thinking a lot about mortality and the unpredictability of life? Well, everybody was, you know, the first wave. But on a writing level, what happened to me is I love to go out on the street, talk to people.


It's a lot more fun than writing. and I couldn't do that. I couldn't get fed, and it's called fiction, you know, you make things up. But I'm so addicted to that type of interaction in the service of a novel. You know, just 'cause it happened doesn't make it art. But the trick is to go home and make it art. and I couldn't go out for years. I mean, I could, but I not to like beat people. Hi, how you doing? What's your name? Shake my hand. And that sort of messed me up. So you go out and talk to strangers, Just being on the street, just the random things that you overhear or the conversations you get into, because so many people, Harlem is like a little different than the rest of New York in terms of people make eye contact, people nod, even if they don't know you, if you say something, they're gonna say something back and next thing you know, you're standing there on the corner and you and you're talking.


And I've never met a person who hasn't come up, at least with one thunderbolt of offhand observation or commentary. You know, the book is called Lazarus Man. I'm wondering what the role of religion was in your life growing up. I knew not to curse on Yum Kipper, so God wouldn't put me in the book of death. Did you Fast? I don't know. I went to Hebrew school until I was bar mitzvahed. And then after that my relationship with being Jewish was pretty much the only time I really felt Jewish is besides Sandy Koufax not pitching is when there was an antisemitic moment, an incident, then I felt very, you know, tight with my religion.


Other than that, I was pretty much a humanist. I didn't raise my children to be, I made a deal with my wife. I won't circumcise them if you don't christen them. I mean, it's sort of like a humanistic relationship. Did you both keep that deal? Yeah, I think, how would I know? Oh, I'm taking the kids out for a walk. I'll be back. Well, why are they all dressed up in white? Oh, it's a nice day. White looks good in April, who knows? But I, I imagine that we kept to that. Yes, Your character of Anthony says this later, when things go good, we say God is good, but when things go south, that's apparently on us.


Do you find a lot of truth in that? I, it, it was just my feeling and, but he, it's a very complicated thing that he's setting up here, which is to say, you know, it'd be easiest for me if I could find in the book what he says. Sure. Yeah. No, absolutely. Yeah. He's a, a little bit of a celebrity because he is the Lazarus Man. He has survived 36 hours in the rubble when no one detected any kind of sign of life. And yet he was miraculously found. This is what he's saying to people to give them hope.


You know, at this funeral, for a young kid who was shot trying to get in between two gangs to calm people down, as I said before, I've never been a deeply religious individual and I still don't consider myself one, but I feel guided now. And my purpose in being here today is to deliver to you a message that just might make it possible to accept your aching hearts and continue to live the life that he has given you. For a brief moment, he stood there speechless, amazed at what he was about to say.


What I have learned since that day in the rubble is that whatever befalls you in life, whatever appears to you as an impossible burden, an unbearable weight in the end, if you persevere, if you hold fast, will turn out to be a gift. Whatever befalls you, no matter how heartbreaking or onerous will turn out to be the best thing, the perfect thing, because of what is to come out of it. In fact, it will be the best thing that could possibly happen to you. There is a fair amount of gratitude in the novel and I think, you know, gratitude and a gratitude practice has sometimes come to seem like a cliche.


on the other hand, gratitude is a really important thing to have in your life and to be able to find gratitude in life. And I'm wondering for you as a writer, how do you take something that could be a cliche and turn it into something that's not? When I read my reviews and they say what has resonated with them, they'll use words like gratitude. But I wasn't thinking, oh, I'm, I'm gonna really use gratitude as a thing. I mean, the God just survived a miraculous thing. And you gotta be grateful for that. And all of a sudden in that gratefulness, you, you see how precious life is because you almost, were not here anymore.


And if you're inspired, you wanna spread that message, the getting of grace. He just says, at some point, every minute of every day, everything is precious. When I was pulled out of that rubble and I could take my first uner cake breath, all I want to do was to live and live and live. It just happened to me in a way that very low key. I feel like I, I am the person I was when I talked to you the last time, but I'm not the person I was when I talked to you the last time. and I'm not religious, believe me, it's happiness.


I just somehow discovered peace in my life. Like my earlier books, there was always this propelling anxiety in me that I have to make it like dazzling and spectacular and blow people away. And it was very high pitched in me and not healthy. But I've settled down, you know, my heart has lowered the volume and, and deepened the base it feels like. And so I write a book like this where, you know, other than this calamitous event of a five story tenement, pancaking on itself, everything else is people's lives with that in the background of their experience on that day.


That's all I need. Now I wanna talk with you a little bit about race, writing about race and, and race. In this novel Anthony, the character who was found under the rubble after the five story building collapsed. He's biracial. His, his white father was kind of a race man. He taught African American history and you're right. What his father could never understand was how all of his righteous defiance in the end had cost him nothing because he could come and go in his angry white skin as he pleased. Despite marrying a black woman and having mixed race kids, there was no such thing as an honorary brother. No matter how many times you raised your fist in solidarity or how many prison writing workshops you conducted, or how many times you got up in some cop's face.


And I'm wondering, like, when you write about biracial or black characters or Latino characters, as you've done, like throughout your career, have you faced any pushback by people saying you're appropriating other people's stories and you have no right to tell them? No, I haven't. But even with clocks, which I wrote in 19 90, 89, 91, I was really aware of the whole notion of cultural piracy and like, how dare I write about someone who quote unquote, you have no idea what it's like to be me.


And my responsibility is to create a character that is as fully three dimensional as I can make that character. And in terms of racial sensitivity, well, listen, if you're writing to the stereotype of, of a person of, of that race, then you deserve to be pilled. You've always, to my knowledge, lived in multi-ethnic multiracial communities. Including when you were growing up in the projects in Bronx. I Did. Yeah. So that must be helpful in writing. No, you know, I, you know, I said that to somebody, well, somebody when I was writing Clockers and I and somebody said, well, how can you write about African Americans when you're not African American yourself?


And when I said, well, I grew up in, you know, like housing project that was very mixed schools that were very mixed. This, that She said, you sound like a southerner. You know, who's saying? I was very close to those people, you know, trying to say like, I, I know those people. And that struck me. I mean, the fact that you grow up as somebody, just because it happened, like I said, isn't, doesn't make it art just because someone exists doesn't make them an artist. And it just all comes back to be, just do the best you can, do the best you can. You're not just hatched from an egg, you know, make everybody equally human and then let it go.


One of the characters founded a group called Put the Guns Down. This is like an, an anti youth violence group and also founded a youth mentorship program, young Scholars for the Future. And these are all former, you know, gang members, many of them who'd been in prison, who now want to be of service to young people and kind of convince them they don't want that life. So, you know, when they're in the park, they're, they're there and giving, you know, inspirational speeches from former gang members and I just wanna quote a little bit of it. Sure. So the founder of the group says in terms of, you know, mentoring young people, we'll become their surrogate fathers 'cause that's what they need.


Because in my experience, and no disrespect to you ladies, but in my experience, it takes a man to raise a man. I'm not leaving out the young girls. We also have females in our organization who will work directly with the young girls to teach them mannerisms, etiquette and how to be classy young ladies. You know, I have such respect for the people who, this is me talking not no longer quoting the book. I have such respect for people who do this kind of work, but the, there was this inherent sexism. Sure. I mean, that's the whole point. Yeah. I mean, that's one of the points. Yeah. Yeah. So talk about that a little bit. Well, you know, people can be for social justice, people could, you know, put their lives on the line.


They can put in the hours to save, you know, youth from going down the wrong path. But that doesn't mean they're saints. That doesn't mean they get the whole picture. They could still be sexist, they can still be man comes first women and the priorities of the skies, we're gonna, he, I imagines these women, but he's like a woman like in, in the 1950s, let alone, you know, the, the 1250s. He's saying it in goodwill, but you know, he's revealing where his enlightenment comes to a dead stop. Also, I, I know you love malaprops, like words used inappropriately and, and, and this character says that we'll work directly with the young girls to teach them mannerisms, etiquette and how to be classy young ladies.


I think he means manners. But you're saying mannerisms. She, but this is the thing, you know, I mean, that's the importance of dialogue to me. People say stuff and it's like a fingerprint for that character and you gotta hear it. You can't, it's, I mean, to correct it would be to kill it. I mean, this is the way people speak. This is the way people think, and that that's gold because it tells you so much more than the information that's coming out of their mouth. This, this is just a small thing from the book, I just wanted to ask you. I'll, I'll read the sentence. The good thing about hooking up in a chain hotel as opposed to a one-off was that once you got over the sterile layout of the appointments, you weren't as preoccupied with catching something that would permanently alter your biology.


I have often wondered in hotels, how many people have had affairs, how many people have had sex on this blanket that may or may not have been washed since, or the bedspread that may or may not have been washed since. Do you wonder about that when you're in hotels? Not if I can help it. I mean, I don't go to like, you know, hot sheet motels, but what you don't know probably could, would, would stun you and horrify you. I mean, the character in the book, it's an affair. The main Mary, the, the detective is having with another detective. And you know, they were, they go to like cheap hotel motels before they went to change.


And this guy gets, gets a, a ultra light, I forgot what it's called, luminol. It's something casts a blue light that brings out things that you can't see with the naked eye. And they usually use it at crime scenes, you know, to pick up blood patterns or, you know, body fluids or God knows what. And first time he used brought it to their motel and put it on the bedroom. It was like a psychedelic circus. And that's when they, you know, it's just God knows who's been here doing what.


And you know, there's stuff here that you know, that could kill a horse that you can't see. And that's why they went to chain chain hotels. But who knows if they're any better. Let's take another break here and then we'll talk some more. If you're just joining us, my guess is Richard Price. His new novel is called Lazarus Man. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air. This is Ira Glass of this American Life. Each week on our show, we choose a theme. Tell different stories on that theme. All right, I'm just gonna stop right there. You're listening to an NPR podcast. Chances are, you know our show. So instead I'm gonna tell you, we've just been on a run of really good shows lately.


Some big epic emotional stories, some weird funny stuff too. Download us this American Life.


If you listen on the regular to the Fresh Air podcast, then I know you'll love some of the other NPR podcasts too. Here's why NPR Plus is worth your time and money. You get perks like sponsor free listening, bonus episodes, early access shop discounts, and more for over 20 different NPR podcasts like this one. Support what you love and stop hearing promos like this1@plus.npr.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. Let's get back to my interview with Richard Price. His new novel, Lazarus Man is set in Harlem where he lives and follows the lives of several people whose lives are changed after the collapse of a five story building, including one man who was found in the rubble price is the author of several novels that have been adapted into movies including Clockers, freedom Land and The Wanderers. He co-created and wrote for the HBO series, the Night of and the Outsider, and wrote for the HBO series, the Wire and The Deuce. There's a story in your book that I really love. It's the woman who's a postal worker and her son was shot in the calf.


He wasn't the target, but he was no collateral damage. And she, she's sure of who did it. And he's a really large guy and she goes up with to him, with her son and says, I have no idea who did this to him, but, but if you know, can you tell him that my son's a really decent kid and he runs with some troublemakers, but he's a really good kid. Yeah, he goes Right to the Yes. Yeah. I mean basically her, you know, the, when the kid's in the hospital, he just had a grays room and the detectives he won't talk 'cause he knows better. And the detectives turned to her and she says, mommy, can you do your mommy thing? Get him to talk. And she doesn't. She said, I'll take care of this myself and her strategy, which is great.


I think I loved It right up to the guy who shot him. Yeah. And just introduce yourself, have your son there and talk to him indirectly. If you see, if you happen to know who did this, can you communicate to that person and you know, just un man him and then make sure you, you give him your name, your son's name, and his, and you have his name. Just so it all becomes personalized. I mean, the cops say the the best way of community policing is know the people that you're on the block. Let know their names.


Let them know your name, you know, and it's much harder to pop off when somebody has a name that you know And, you know, so she introduces herself, she tells 'em what floor she lives on, and she says, look like now we know each other. If we pass each other, like we should say hello and talk to each other. Right? And She, she sort of makes him shake her hand. and I mean that's like brilliant. I think so too. I so admire people who have that ability to, instead of like confronting somebody in anger, just kind of, you have to that disarm them with, with, with humanity, You have that confidence. Yes. And you have to have grown out of being a five year old in a 40-year-old body, emotionally, you have to not be a victim of arrested development.


So you have your wits about you, you don't fly off the handle. You look at this and say, how am I gonna peel this onion? You know? And there are people who do that. There are other people you know, you know who, who shoot you in the back. 'cause 'cause you, you wrote a drill rap lyric that's offensive to them and it's worth getting killed over. It's, it's, it's a whole world out there, you know. So there's a con in your book, and I'm wondering, what are some of the most interesting street cons you've come across in your life? Well, that's, I don't, you know, you know, I'll tell you one, it's like you're walking in the street and these couple of guys are walking the other way, and all of a sudden it seems they went outta the way to bump into you.


And all of a sudden you, you see a paper bag and it's dropped. It says, Hey man, you know, you made me drop this. And it turns out, what, what is, it's a bottle of vodka and then you, you broke it and it, you know, they try to get you to pay them. And you, you can't be, when it's a novelty, you can't think straight. So you believe it. And I said to her, well, what brand of vodka was it? Of course the guy has to come back and say, gray Goose, you know, so he's 40 bucks. and I just felt like, and the minute I paid him off, I just, I just felt like smacking myself in the forehead throw.


I mean, that was, you know, you, you have this delayed reaction to the con. But the second time somebody tried to pull that off on me, he turned to me and I and I just said, listen man, somebody just pulled this on me two weeks ago. And the guy just smiled. And he said, all right, I get it. You know, like, I tried, you know, but it, it was kind of like cool about it. and I, I said, well, hell hit, hit five bucks just for, you know, you're just trying to make ends meet. And next to me was three young women, and this is up in Harlem.


And it was so furious that I gave him money. He said, he's trying to rob you, why'd you give him that money for, you know, and then I, you, it's like, it's another type of shock. You like people in that area. You don't toss around money to somebody who you know, you don't know and is actually kind to do something. And it was more of an education for me, their reaction. Let's take a short break here and then we'll talk some more. If you're just joining us, my guest is Richard Price. His new novel is called Lazarus Man. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air. Okay. So does this sound like you, you love NPRs podcasts?


You wish you could get more of all your favorite shows and you wanna support NPR R'S mission to create a more informed public? If all that sounds appealing, then it is time to sign up for the NPR plus bundle. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


If you need a moment to catch your breath and calm your nerves, listen to the latest all songs considered from NPR music. We've got an all new mix of songs to slow the blood and recalibrate your day. Plus reflections on gratitude, joy, and the power of kindness. Listen to new episodes of all songs Considered every Tuesday, wherever you get podcasts.


Joe Biden's on his way out. Donald Trump's on his way back, wanna know what's happening as the presidential transition is underway. The NPR Politics podcast has you covered with the latest news and analysis. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with Richard Price. Price is the author of several novels that have been adapted into movies, including Clockers, freedom Land and The Wanderers. He co-created and wrote for the HBO series, the Night of, and the Outsider, and wrote for the HBO series, the Wire and the Deuce. You, you got an award in 2020 and said that screenwriting saved your life. You, you said, I was so ripe with despair, you could smell it on me. Screenwriting saved my life, my mental life, my spiritual life, my financial life, and actually my physical life. So how did it change your life? Like what changed about your spiritual life from screenwriting?


I don't know what I meant by spiritual, but I just felt lost because I, my first four novels were so ref, self-referential that I had nothing else to say. I mean, I mean, I have four novels, 32 years old, and they're all variations of me and my life. You know, I, I mean, my throat was parched. I couldn't go on it. The, the books were being written with more and more desperation trying to find a spark. But when, when the Wanderers was published, a lot of people in Hollywood, because of the good dialogue thought it'd be great writing screenplays, which is ridiculous because dialogue, the actors don't give you good dialogue.


What, what a screenwriter needs to give you is shape. The shape of the story has to go like a pyramid from the base at minute one to the tip of it in 120 minutes. I mean, it's an arch. It's more about architecture than, than a good ear. But what it gave me, it forced me outta myself to write the color of money I had to, you know, I had to learn this stuff. I had to hang out with pool hustlers and, you know, for sea of love, I, you know, I had Tori do ride alongs with cops.


and I realize, you know, they always say, write about what you know, but if what if what you know is not enough, learn something more than that becomes what you know. And keep learning and what, you know, keeps expanding and expanding. And it's also the success of what I wrote showed me that I could work with not all that much information that's, you know, journalistic, journalistically, accurate. I can make stuff up. All I need is a little bit of hamburger helper, a little bit of face-to-face, little bit of observation.


and I could bring it home and I can shape it up in a plausible way. The other thing that happened, so I felt so lost as a novelist, and then I started having success as a screenwriter. I started making money for the first time I got married. I had two children, have two children. And all of this happened because of screenwriting. I'm not, you know, screenwriting is like typing, you know, it's, it's speed. Chess, it's not a screenplay is nothing. It's, it's a bunch of post-It notes to the director. There's no narrator, there's no voice, there's no sentences.


but it, it was proof to me that I could be so much more, I could know so much more in the world. I'm not trapped in a corner with myself in a one room apartment. And that gave me a, a, it felt great. It felt great and was not for eight years. That's what I did. And then something, you know, the circumstances of Clockers came about. And that resonated with me in such a way as I have to write this as a novel, knowing I can go out there and learn and feel reinforced in and not insecure.


Of course you're insecure 'cause you're writing, but that's how screenplay writing saved me. When you say the circumstances around Clockers changed or something along those lines, what do you mean? Well, what happened was, I was doing research for Sea of Love and I was in Jersey City and That was about cops. Yeah. And I was with these cops and they had to go into this housing project to, you know, find either a witness to a homicide and I was shocked by the housing projects, but they, it was a madness.


It was so chaotic and bedlam like, and felt dangerous. And cocaine was destroying, not cocaine, sniffing cocaine, but rock crack and I had a cocaine problem for two years. It was sniffing coke and it, and I had three books under my belt. and I was doing like crappy Coke. It was probably half dandruff and it still ruined my life for that time. And it wasn't until my wife's, we went to a trip to Italy for a month and I felt like, I am gonna stop now because I don't know how to get it.


and I stopped and I, it was great. You know, it was like an aa they call it the pink cloud, you know, the euphoria of sobriety before the work gets hard. And I was terrified that when we got back to the city, I know how to get cocaine again. All I gotta do is punch these numbers on telephone. And I'm, I'm back as a, as a cokehead. And my wife came back with me obviously and said two words that, that changed everything. And those two words were, well, it's three words, but you know, constricted, I'm pregnant.


And right there it was like, that's it, that's it for Coke. And that's, that was the case. So when I went into this project, not only did I grow up in a housing project like this, that at a more, when it was more functional working class, but I was so haunted. I'm still haunted by my cocaine abuse, you know, in the early eighties that it all came together for me. and I just wanted to understand what happened, what is it like to be in the projects this time written by a guy who still had cocaine nightmares and still does.


I had so much personal stuff going into the desire to write that book that I, I didn't want to like, give it, make a screenplay, you know, and let Hollywood, you know, say, oh, well this is too bummer. This is, you know, can, can this character be a little more heroic? I, I finally, I found something after eight years that made me feel like, okay, this is a novel. I'm back. You know, I'm not writing about, I kept myself out of the book. I didn't need to be there. I just wanted to be the eye that wrote the book. You're 75 now. Is there anything surprising you about getting older? It hurts.


You know, all of a sudden it's like, ouch, this, ouch that, but not really. I feel like I'm still me. I look in the mirror and I I, there I am probably not as good a shape as I want to be, but you know, I mean, my heart works, you know, I don't mean heart like cardiac heart. I mean, you know, I, every, everything that's important. Is there, This the kind of age where you start having friends who are getting sick or dying or, you know, having signs of dementia and what's, what's it like assuming that's happening in your life that you have friends to whom that's happening?


How are you handling that? It's not easy, but most of the, most of the people I know or I knew who have passed in my life, I was not that close to. I just, you know, I, I feel like within a week of reading the obits in the New York Times, there's five people that I knew or I interacted with or I had history with, and that's kind of scary. It's like whack-a-mole, you know, when you know, you know, when's that mallet gonna come down on your head?


They're dropping like flies. But it's not that much so far. No, I don't even wanna jinx it. I'm not even gonna continue talking about this stuff. But yeah, I mean, the older you get some people, you know, go manically the other direction, I'm apr. You know, I just, you know, I know I'm getting older. It doesn't stop me for anything, but it doesn't leave my consciousness as much as I would like it to. Right. In your acknowledgements, you thank your children who raised you, what do you mean by that? I just feel having children molded me, remolded me.


It wasn't all about myself. To finally have people in your life that you're more scared for than you're scared of, of anything, for yourself to finally have people in your life that you just surrender to and just, and educate you by just being who they are and evolving from year to year to year, they made me, they, you know, I was before my kids. I, you know, I was, I was just a guy and they just reawaken something in me that I didn't really know this, this profound keenness and tenderness towards them where it wasn't all about me anymore.


In fact, you know, I'm not saying I became like not, you know, I surrendered to them, but it, it was such a rich and profound thing that they pulled up in me that it was just so different. They raised me, they changed me. Did it relieve the burden of being trapped in yourself since you were responsible for others? Yeah. I, I love that. Not because it helped me escape from myself because it was just natural. I mean, it's like Anthony comes out and, you know, he's, he just wants to be of service.


You know, I don't, I've never made these connections to my life in the book before this interview. But I mean, the joy of thinking about somebody and they, they, they come out, they, they drop into your arms and God says go, you know, and you go and it's a lifetime thing and it's, I mean, before that, I, I think I was my own baby Richard Price. It's always great to talk with you. Thank you so much and congratulations on the novel. You're welcome. Richard. Price's new novel is called Lazarus Man. Coming up, Maureen Corrigan reviews what she describes as two much needed books.


This is Fresh Air,


Every weekday NPR r's Best political reporters come to you on the NPR politics podcast to explain the big news coming out of Washington, the campaign trail and beyond. We don't just wanna tell you what happened. We tell you why it matters. Join the NPR politics podcast every single afternoon To understand the world through political eyes.


NPR brings you the updates you need on the day's biggest headlines. The Senate narrowly passed the debt ceiling bill that will prevent the country from defaulting on its loans, Stories from across the world. Knowing How to forage and to live with the land is integral to Ames culture. And down your block from CPR News, this is Colorado Matters, and you can find all of that and more in your pocket. Download the NPR app today.


This message comes from DSW. Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


This is Fresh Air if you're in search of some inspiration, beauty and leavening humor in what you read in the coming weeks. Our book, critic Marie Corrigan, thinks she may have just what you're looking for. Sometimes I do believe there is a book, God who sends the book I need When I need it. This week, the book, God sent a special delivery of not one, but two much needed books for years. Billy Collins has been both blessed and burdened with the tagline that identifies him as one of America's favorite poets. I say burdened because if a poet is popular, the suspicion arises that they're a mere rime stir, a step or two up from a Hallmark assembly line Troubadour.


Even at this late stage in Collins career, he's in his early eighties now, has served as poet laureate and has published 12 earlier collections of poetry. His simplicity of language invites cynics to regard him as simplistic. Those of us who've long read his work know better Water. Water. Collins Collection of 60 new poems takes its title from the romantic poet, Samuel Taylor Coleridge's Ballad, the Rhyme of the Ancient Mariner, and it's often misquoted lines water, water everywhere nor any drop to drink.


Coleridge is also the guy who talked about making the familiar strange and the strange familiar, which is an apt description of what Collins has always done in his own work. If anything has shifted in Collins poems over the years, it's that the theme of aging is more prevalent, specifically the way aging makes a person estranged from their former selves. And others take the poem called When a Man Loves Something. Like most of Collin's work, it appears to be autobiographical, narrated in what Collins himself.


Rolly calls the first person selfish point of view. Collins starts out remembering a night when he heard the blues singer Percy Sledge perform in a roadhouse on the edge of a California desert. A loopy, interlude follows, follows years later. Collins says, when I lived in Florida, we had a plumber whose name was Lynn Hammer. I like to introduce people to one another, but Lynn Hammer said he had never heard of Percy Sledge and put his head back under the sink. So many miscues like that these days near the poems, end Collins imagines there's a planet called the past and he's on it orbiting the Sun Collins is his own most eloquent critic.


In a poem bearing the stripped down title of your poem, he suggests that one of the go-to emotions in his work is buoyant ease in the shadow of mortality. This whole collection is filled with poems that strike that rare attitude. And some of them, like Emily Dickinson in space, which unfortunately is too long to read here are among the best poems that Collins has ever written. Now for something completely different, I usually hesitate to review graphic novels and illustrated books because it's hard to do justice to their visual power.


But James Norbert's illustrated adult fable called the Dog who followed the moon, fell into my hands a few weeks ago, and I've been under its spell ever since. Norbury, who's the bestselling author and illustrator of the philosophical Big Panda and tiny Dragon Books, is a practicing Buddhist. His books are not meant to comfort as much as they're meant to accompany readers on their own hard journeys. The dog who followed the moon opens on a winter dawn in the mountains, Norbert's blue, white, and brown watercolors on the opening pages are influenced by zen art.


They make readers feel the stillness of this imaginary world. A puppy named Amaya, who's become separated from her parents who wanders into the snowy landscape, starving and lonely. She mistakes a wolf pack for friendly dogs. The wolfs circle, her and attack just as am Maya is about to be torn apart. She's rescued by an old wolf, the former leader of the pack. Together they set off through a fantastic landscape of ancient ruins and despair and loss, always looking for the moon to lead them and struggling to keep the faith when it disappears behind clouds.


Norbury says in his afterward that his moon was his art and that he spent 25 years with very little money, depressed, anxious, defeated, addicted before coming out the other side. Inspirational is a word that's become cheapened, but it's a fitting word for the dog who followed the moon. An inspirational and gorgeous book about not giving up. Marine. Corgan is a professor of literature at Georgetown University. She reviewed water, water, the latest collection of poems by Billy Collins, and the Illustrated adult Fable, the dog who followed the moon by James Norbury.


If you'd like to catch up on Fresh Air interviews, you missed like this week's interview with journalist Annie Lowry about what scientists are learning about the causes of chronic maddening itch and how to treat it. Or with Zani Minton Betos editor-in-Chief of the Economist about international reaction to Trump's agenda. Check out our podcast. You'll find lots of Fresh Air interviews and to find out what's happening behind the scenes of our show and get our producers recommendations for what to watch, read, and listen to. Subscribe to our free newsletter@wy.org slash Fresh. Air Fresh air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham.


Our engineer is Adam Stanky. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Roberta Schrock and Aldona, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Childer, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producers are Molly c Neper and Sabrina Seaward, Susan Ya Kdi directed today's show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross.