
The candidates for November are set. I know Donald Trump's title. Between now and Election day, we are not going back A campaign season unfolding faster. Kamala Harris is not getting a promotion than any in recent history. Make America Great again. Follow it all with new episodes every weekday on the NPR Politics podcast.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Dave Davies. If you read tomorrow that the Justice Department had charged a politician or a business executive in your community with fraud after an FBI investigation, how would you regard the news? Would you suspect that the charges were really an inside job, the result of a personal vendetta or a political rivalry, rather than a genuine effort to root out wrongdoing? Our guest today, veteran investigative reporter, David Road, argues that in Donald Trump's four years as president and three years out of office, he successfully used online attacks, conspiracy theories and threats of violence to discredit, divide, and intimidate FBI and Justice Department officials.


His new book reviews years of Trump's interaction with the justice system from firing his first FBI director to pardoning allies convicted of crimes to attacking the investigation of January 6th as a witch Hunt Road argues that the norms and practices implemented in the Justice Department after the Watergate scandal made law enforcement more vulnerable to Trump's attacks. Since career government officials were reluctant to fight back lest the appear to be involved in a political dispute, David Rhode is a two-time winner of the Pulitzer Prize, who has worked for the New York Times, the New Yorker, and other publications. He was twice kidnapped and held in captivity covering conflict zones once in Bosnia and once in Afghanistan.


He's now the National Security Editor at NBC News. His new book is where Tyranny Begins, the Justice Department, the FBI and the War on Democracy. David Road. Welcome back to Fresh Air. Thank you so much for having me. You know, a lot of this book covers events in the Trump years that were intensely reported on, you know, the firing of James Comey, the Mueller probe, the January 6th attack and prosecutions. Why did you wanna go back and revisit these events? Speaking with people in the Justice Department and the FBII Was very interested in the, the career civil servants in the Justice Department in the FBI. These are people who work in the Justice Department and the FBI for decades.


They serve Republican presidents and democratic presidents and get a sense of how they viewed the Trump years and also the Biden years where there was intense pressure from Democrats for a prosecution of former President Trump. And I was impressed by them. I I found a group generally speaking, that are committed to being fair and being impartial to administering the law in an equal way, equal justice under law. That all Americans are treated the same in court, whether you're a president or not. And it's sort of, you know, their story, how the hyper-partisanship of the Trump and, and Biden years has impacted our most powerful law enforcement agencies.


You know, the title of this book where Tyranny Begins, is drawn from a quote by the philosopher John Locke in 1689, long before the United States was founded with the Constitution written. You wanna share that quote with us and tell us why you began the book with it? Sure. It's, it's very simple. It's where law ends tyranny begins, and I chose it because it was, you know, as you said centuries ago, but one place where you see authoritarian governments emerge and democracy come under threat is when a legal system is co-opted by one side or another side in a country. And that's the danger here, I think, is it's both that I think there have been some attempts to sort of co-opt the DOJ and the FBI for political purposes.


But beyond that, there's a widespread belief on both sides of the partisan divide that the other party is co-opting the legal system co-opting the DOJ and the FBI and using it unfairly against, you know, the, the president that an American voter might support. You know, you mentioned in the introduction that I have covered to civil wars in the past overseas, and that makes me maybe biased in a way or maybe overly worried, but law is how we sort of resolve our differences, our political differences through laws and elections peacefully. And so having covered civil wars in other countries, you know, I am very worried about the level of rhetoric in this country.


I am worried about the, the suspicions each side has of each other. And to me, it's not a game. 'cause I saw in other societies how, you know, both sides in a civil war think they're the victim and they think their cause is just, and I, I don't think we're there yet. I I don't want to, you know, overstate the situation, but part of my motivation is to sort of look at what actually happened in these institutions in an era when there's just so much charged, you know, rhetoric and claims from both sides. Now you begin the book with a meeting, I think it's in the FBI headquarters this two years ago, August, 2022, between senior officials of the Justice Department and senior officials in the FBI.


What were they there to talk about? They were there to talk about the Mar-a-Lago search. One official who attended it referred to this meeting. It came after weeks of, of disagreement and sort of paralysis about where the investigation should go. But this official referred to that meeting as a come to Jesus meeting. And it was a, an effort by Justice Department prosecutors who were eager to search Mar-a-Lago. They were convinced that there were additional classified documents being held there by former President Trump. And they were afraid that a foreign power could somehow, you know, an operative could get in Mar-a-Lago and get hold of these, you know, top secret documents, endangering sources and American spies and, and other Americans.


And whereas the FBI folks were very hesitant. There was a feeling from the FBI agents that rushing this search played into Trump's narrative of the FBI being this sort of deep state organization that was unfairly persecuting Trump. Right. And we should note that this wasn't like the first time that they had sought documents. I mean, the archives had requested stuff, they were unable to get it. And then Trump's attorneys had had finally handed over some stuff and represented that a thorough search had disclosed. There was no more than the FBI had gotten information that in fact there were more documents that they had been moved. Right. They'd gotten security footage that showed all this.


So it seemed that documents were being hidden and that that investigators were being lied to. Is that about Right? That's how the Justice Department prosecutors saw it. The FBI officials, particularly the head of the Washington Field office, Stephen Donno, felt there was a way to keep negotiating with Trump and that there was some way to get to a consensual search. And this was this sort of heated meeting. Every person in the meeting is a male that's very common for better or worse in the DOJ and the FBI, they're all in suits and ties and it begins, and prosecutors are just saying, you know, as you mentioned, they went down to Mar-a-Lago, Trump's attorney said, here are all the remaining documents.


And then they got hold of surveillance video that showed that dozens of boxes had been moved just before the DOJ prosecutors showed up down there. So there were still documents there, there's been accounts by other journalists about this meeting. But some of the details that I was told surprise me. One was that FBI agents were so suspicious of DOJ prosecutors working the case that they had, I don't know how they got the information, but they looked up the campaign donations of Jay Brat, one of the main Justice Department prosecutors working the case. And it turned out that he had given donations years ago to various Democratic political campaigns and that made these FBI agents very suspicious that Jay Brat was maybe pushing too hard for this Stephen Donno kept thinking, what's the rush here?


And Donno wanted to be fair. He said maybe also it was ambition that Jay Brat and these prosecutors were pushing so hard because this is this incredibly high profile case, the first at that point, criminal prosecution of a former president. but it was extraordinary to me that America's hyper-partisanship had penetrated the Justice Department and the FBI to the point where it was infecting this key meeting about when to search Mar-a-Lago and delaying it. Yeah. One, one of the interesting things here is that you have, you know, it's the FBI agents in this case, Ana, who was the head of the FBI field office in, in Washington. Right. He, it is usually the, the investigators who want to go in there and get the stuff right, we're gonna knock the door down, whatever, I want to get this guy.


And he's saying, hold off. And one of the things you report him saying is, if we search his place, meaning Trump's place, we're walking right into his mo What did he mean? He meant you're gonna fuel every conspiracy theory that's out there about the FBI wanting to get Trump. And when the search actually happened, there was, you know, big questions around the country and even inside the FBI about why the search was done. There were, you know, conspiracy theories that FBI agents had planted the classified documents. That's not true at all. But Donno was right in terms of the, the, the, just the incredible response, it was unprecedented instead of some, you know, members of the Republican party supporting the FBI and, and you know, the FBI always pursues classified documents.


The Justice Department always pursues them. This is like a key thing to them. They had dozens of cases they've handled in recent years, which involved going into houses and searching and securing these documents. So that wasn't unusual. But one other thing that struck me was that among FBI agents, it was seen at this point as a career ender to get a highly politicized case like this to work on, it would ruin your career at the FBI. Because no matter what you did, you'd be criticized by both parties. If you weren't aggressive enough on Trump, Democrats would attack you. If you were too aggressive or perceived as too aggressive, Republicans would attack you.


So, you know, everyone was sort of incredibly frustrated that this was dragging on and on. And even the Justice Department officials didn't relish this case. They all saw it as sort of a political hot potato and a lose lose for them. You know, one of the norms that the Justice Department is supposed to adhere to, and, and it, my personal experience that seems to me that they do is that you don't talk about an ongoing investigation. And one of the reasons is that even if you're suspect someone of a serious crime, and even if you've impaneled a grand jury and you're getting evidence, you know, they may not have done it. They may never be charged with a crime and it would not be fair to tarnish their names and reputations by talking about stuff that's ongoing.


And so in this case, once the search was executed, the Justice Department and the FBI did not disclose it. Trump took care of that for them, right? Yes. Don was actually relieved initially after the search was completed. There was no incidents, Trump made no public statements. I think the FBI had left or were close to leaving. And then there was a blast from Trump about how this was, you know, no, nothing like this had ever been done to a former president, which was true and just a, you know, an incredibly angry message about, and he also said that the FBI was occupying Mar-a-Lago, they'd actually left at that point. And one of the things that I discovered was that there was a, a case of, I believe it was a Cincinnati field office, was, you know, attacked by an armed individual.


He tried to get inside of it, the person fled and was killed. That was one incident that occurred after Mar-a-Lago. But there were three more attempts to infiltrate FBI field offices around the country in the days after the Mar-a-Lago search. And the bureau kept that secret. They didn't tell the American people that, and that frustrated some FBI officials because there's, there's a, there is a correct thing. You do not talk about a court case, a legal case, until someone's been indicted by a grand jury of their peers. It's a, going back to John Locke, it's a, you know, you don't just have a judge indicting people, you don't have district attorneys doing it on. There has to be a jury involved, but there's a frustration that maybe the FBI is too cautious and the Justice Department in terms of not even explaining their actions, which is what happened after Mar-a-Lago.


Right. This is a theme that runs through the book. I mean, once, once the search happens, I mean the, the Justice Department's protocol says we will do our talking in court when and if there are charges, all of this information will be detailed until then we're not talking about it, which leaves the field wide open for their critics to say whatever they want. Like it was a Gustapo style raid. Right, Exactly. Was it a Gustapo style raid? No. I mean they, there were FBI agents who came in and windbreakers and they, they, you know, did the search and, you know, and left. But, you know, and again, in terms of the hyper-partisanship of this era, you had President Biden separately investigated by a special counsel Robert Hur for his own, you know, mishandling of classified documents.


And it was the rhetoric, you know, I think wasn't as strong, but that there was a similar dynamic, you know, when her published his report and he remember he was explaining why he didn't charge Biden for mishandling documents. It was, you know, her said that he felt that, you know, president Biden would be seen by a jury as a, you know, well-meaning older man with memory issues, her was savaged by the Biden White House and by Democrats for putting that language in there. And he was, her was trying to explain why he didn't think he could win a conviction or, or a, a trial was pro was merited for, for Biden. And you know, I mean, some people can say it was wrong that President Biden dreamt outta the race, but President Biden having memory issues is now a, you know, widely accepted thing.


And, and that was just an example. And I, I really am trying to be fair in this book. I think it's really important to have journalism that is tough on Republicans and tough on Democrats. But that was Democrats going after a prosecutor who was stating a fact that the country soon learned after the debate between Trump and Biden. You know, you described this intense debate among FBI agents and Justice Department officials about whether it's the right thing to go in unannounced and execute a search on Trump's compound in Mar-a-Lago on reflection, was it the right call? That meeting I mentioned goes on and on and just ends in deadlock. The DOJ officials leave and go back to the Justice Department and there's a private meeting among FBI officials.


And again, Stephen Dono, the head of the Washington Field office says to his colleagues, I'm not carrying out this search, you know, immediately unless I'm ordered to do so by my superiors. And the person who actually does this, there is a consensus at the top of the FBI that this is the deputy FBI director Paul Abate. He's a career public servant. There's only one political appointee in the entire FBI and that's the director, that's Chris Ray, but it's Paul Abate who orders the Washington Field office to carry out the search. They do carry it out. Most senior FBI officials decided they had to, they had to hold the former president accountable to be consistent and to uphold the rule of law.


You know, Trump and his allies accused the Justice Department and the FBI of, you know, engaging in a witch hunt and of politically targeting them, which was offensive to career officials in the department. But, you know, you note that the Justice Department and the FBI have not always pursued justice impartially. They, their authority has been abused. Do you wanna mention a couple of those more notable cases? Yes. And you know, one of the best known cases and the most familiar names is j Edgar Hoover, who throughout the Cold War, you know, ran, he helped create the FBI and then ran it for decades. And during his tenure as FBI director, he targeted political groups from both the right and the left that he saw as threats to the United States.


He saw Martin Luther King as a communist and tried to smear him and plant evidence of wrongdoing by him that was false. And he also investigated the John Birch Society, a right-leaning group. And one detail about Hoover was that he also provided eight presidents, the eight presidents he served for Democrats, for Republicans, with dirt on their political rivals. And a lot of this came out after Watergate, and there were sort of sweeping reforms enacted to prevent FBI directors or attorneys general from using the FBI in DOJ for political gain, whether at the behest of a president or on their own.


During the Nixon years, John Mitchell, the Attorney General under Nixon, he investigated anti-Vietnam War, left-leaning protestors and black nationalists. And he also investigated people who leaked politically damaging information about President Nixon. So the idea was that these post-Watergate reforms would, you know, let the American people that, that this would be an independent justice department, that it wouldn't, you know, act as a political arm of the president and it would enforce the law equally against all Americans, including presidents and their aids. Yeah, and we should note that, that the Nixon's Attorney General John Mitchell was himself convicted and went to jail for his role in planning and covering up the, the burglary of the Democratic National headquarters in the Watergate.


So, so what were the reforms? How, what, what were the new rules or practices that were established to try and make the, you know, the Justice Department and FBI clearly impartial and apolitical? There were two key leaders. William Webster became the director of the FBI, the first one under these reforms. And he told FBI agents that they had to sort of, you know, enforce the law in the way the Constitution demands and that they should be defending the Constitution as part of their efforts to enforce the law. And that he really did change the culture of the FBI. And then there was an amazing attorney general in the mid seventies named Ed Levy.


He was the president of the Union of Chicago, but, and he was appointed by President Ford and he made a tremendous effort and gave speeches all around the country about why the role of the Attorney General is somewhat confusing and contradictory. On one level, the Attorney General should carry out the policy priorities of a president. If a president, in terms of law enforcement wants to, you know, crack down on corporate, you know, tax cheating, that's absolutely fine. If the president wants a crack crackdown on violent crime, that's absolutely fine. But the Attorney General must be independent when it comes to individual criminal investigations. And so it was vital that the Attorney General not act on the behest of the president when they are investigating anyone that they, they didn't want to get into a situation where, you know, the President is telling an Attorney General go investigate.


You know that CEO because he didn't gimme enough campaign donations. And that norm held for 50 years from Gerald Ford through Barack Obama that there was a, a political cost that I think no presidents, no Republican, no democratic president, wanted to be seen as meddling or ordering a criminal investigation of arrival or defending an ally because they have feared another Watergate. They feared being driven from office. We're speaking with David Rhode. He's a two time winner of the Pulitzer Prize and currently the National Security Editor for NBC News. His new book is where Tyranny Begins, the Justice Department, the FBI and the War on Democracy.


He'll be back to talk more after the short break. I'm Dave Davies, and This is Fresh Air.


If you are hearing this, that means you haven't gone sponsor free with NPR Plus, join us on the plus side for awesome podcast perks across more than 20 NPR podcasts, including bonus episodes behind the scenes content sponsor free listening and more. Learn more and sign up@plus.npr.org and never hear this promo again.


The Democratic National Convention is underway in Chicago after a whirlwind start to their campaign, vice President Kamala Harris and her running mate, Minnesota Governor Tim Walls are celebrating their newly minted ticket and Democrats are pitching their platform to the nation. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast for the latest news from the DNC


Here at Shortwave Space Camp. We escape our everyday lives to explore the mysteries and quirks of the universe. We find weird, fun, interesting stories that explain how the cosmos is partying all around us from stars to dwarf planets, to black holes and beyond. We've got you listen now to the Shortwave podcast from NPR


Truth, independence, fairness, transparency, respect, excellence. This is NPR. J Jeff Sessions, who was Trump's original attorney General, eventually resigned Trump. Trump was furious at him for letting the Russia investigation get underway and he was ultimately replaced by Bill Barr. And you know, as you describe it, bill Barr's attorney is, as Attorney General, was one in which he really followed Trump's practice of kind of shattering the norms of operation for the department that had been in place since the Watergate scandal of the seventies.


You cite a lot of example this, you wanna maybe focus on one or two. Yeah. And, and Bar, to be fair, he, he really believed that the Watergate reforms had weakened the presidency too much. He gave a speech when he was Attorney General about the United States with this big country and, and when it really is in crisis during the Civil War, when there's a national disaster, the only way to hold the country together is to have a strong president. And, you know, this is a widely held belief among many conservatives. And then Barr thought it was also appropriate for an attorney general to sort of be political. He felt that the Trump Russian investigation was very unfair. So he was very open about saying that this was, you know, he felt it was an outrage that, that the Trump Russian investigation was one of the biggest scandals in the history of the Justice Department.


And when In, the summer of 2020, when there's protests after the killing of George Floyd, he's frequently echoing Trump in terms of their Antifa activists who are out there causing this violence. And then in the lead up to the 2020 election, he's criticizing mail-in voting, he's warning that there will be large scale fraud going on in the vote that's unprecedented. Attorneys general, again, are not supposed to be overtly political according to the post-Watergate model, but Barr was Right. And then there were cases of actual prosecutions, for example, when it was time for, if, if, if I'm remembering correctly, the sentencing of Roger Stone, a long time Trump ally.


And he intervened to reduce the recommendation for the jail term that, that he would get, right? Yes, he did. Barr did that because he felt the sentence was excessive given Stone's age. And he also generally felt the, the, the Trump Russia investigation was just illegitimate. And it was, again, he felt that was the right thing for him to do as the president's appointee. And if, you know, voters disagreed with his decision to reduce the sentence, then the ultimate arbiter should be voters that it's okay for an attorney general to sort of be overtly political because they'll be held accountable every four years through the presidential election. but it, it infuriated many career justice department officials.


Several resign when that happened. And it made many liberals see Barr as sort of a shill for Trump. And it was very interesting and important because there was a real danger. People felt that if you basically don't cooperate, Roger Stone did not cooperate with prosecutors. It showed that the president, you know, himself or the Attorney General would pay you back for remaining silent. Because before Trump did leave office, you know, he, he pardoned Roger Stone. I wanna talk about Merrick Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland was appointed Attorney General by Joe Biden after Biden was elected in 2020, very close election. He, Merrick Garland had almost become appointed to the Supreme Court.


That didn't happen, but he had been an appellate judge for many years and he inherited a bunch of really politically sensitive cases, right? I mean they were investigating Rudy Giuliani and the Republican response to the Arizona vote recount and the Hunter Biden investigation. What kind of temperament and approach to handling these matters did Garland bring? If, if there was a true believer in the, the Post Watergate Justice Department, it's Merrick Garland. It's the idea of the Attorney General being completely apolitical. He served under Janet Reno who frustrated Bill Clinton many times.


'cause you know, she appointed multiple special counsels, independent counsels as well that that led to Whitewater and other investigations of Clinton. But Garland's core belief was that by acting in an apolitical manner was the best way to regain the trust of the American public. And to counter all the partisan criticism and some of the conspiracy theories about what was happening. And I think unfortunately, that proved to not be true today. Different polls show different things, but 75% of voters don't trust the, have very little or no confidence in the Justice Department.


And, and roughly 87% of Republicans have little to no confidence in the Justice Department. So Merrick Garland has spent, you know, three years trying to follow, do things by the book. And it hasn't had any impact, it seems any significant impact on our deep partisan divide. So had he not followed the book in a way, I mean, should he have publicly responded when the more often when the department was attacked as being, you know, you know, motivated by a witch hunt in political vendettas, It's a catch 22. He did respond publicly after the Mar-a-Lago raid, when there was this incident of a, an an armed individual trying to get into the Cincinnati FBI office.


And he stood up and said, I ordered this raid. This was a legal raid, a judge signed off on this search warrant. But there was a sense in the FBI, there's a one former senior FBI official I talked to who was very frustrated that there wasn't more communication from the department and the Justice Department in those days. And In general, basically this, this this former FBI official said that in the digital age and in an age of hyper-partisanship, trust me, doesn't cut it. That you can't sort of say, well we'll file all this, you know, all these documents and things later that will explain in court why we were searching Mar-a-Lago, you actually, there is a way to get some information out to, to explain to the public, to be more transparent to the public about how the FBI works, how the DOJ works to counter some of the conspiracy theories.


You know, as a reporter, I covered a lot of federal investigations, often of local politicians accused of corruption. And I mean, try as I might, I could never get, you know, assistant US attorneys, federal prosecutors to tell me anything that was not in the public record. Defense attorneys, they would talk, but not the prosecutors. And I think they were bound by this tradition that is, you know, you do your talking in court. And part of that was that I think they felt they would jeopardize cases if judges found they were out there, you know, you know, providing confidential information. Is that what was going on here? It was, and I want to talk again quickly about Stephen Dono, the head of the Washington Field office who delayed the search of Mar-a-Lago, which in many ways, you know, you would think, oh, this guy's like in the tank for Trump or, or likes Trump.


He was actually trying to defend the FBI, he was worried that if they did the search, it would play into all these conspiracy theories about the FBI. Ironically, after the search is carried out after the deputy head of the FBI orders it to happen. Donno is like the focus of a Fox News monologue by Tucker Carlson and Tucker Carlson accuses Donno, who he previously worked for the FBI in Michigan. donno was somehow part of a plot of men being accused of, of plotting to kidnap governor Gretchen Whitmer in, in Michigan. And he did have a peripheral role in that case.


Then Tucker Carlson pointed out that Stephen Donno was the head of the Washington Field office on January 6th. And essentially, you know, Carlson accused him donno of being some sort of deep state agent. And Donno told me how he was sort of heartbroken about this. He was a public corruption investigator for over 20 years. He told me God and Country for 27 years, and then you get blasted by Tucker Carlson and called Corrupt. And my parents have been forced to see that in my kids, and that's not right. And Donno said he felt like his job as an FBI was sort of akin to that of a baseball umpire trying to enforce the rules of a game fairly and and prevent chaos.


And he, he told me all I was trying to do was call a good game. He said, all I was trying to do was to keep both teams from killing each other. We need to take one more break here. Let me introduce you. We are speaking with David Road. He is the National Security Editor for NBC News. His new book is where Tyranny Begins, the Justice Department, the FBI, and the War on Democracy. We'll be back after this short break. This is Fresh


Air, They're all over the internet and bumping out of people's cars. They're the songs of the summer. And this year includes the domination of Charlie XCX and Brat Summer. She's Really tapping into this moment where we are all chronically online, but also chronically outside. We are talking about the songs of the summer and why they're so catchy and inescapable. Listen to the pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR


The Constitution. Our founding document says a lot about how our country has evolved and who we want to be, but it's not set in stone. So for the next month, we'll be digging into the history behind some of its most pivotal amendments. Listen to we, the people on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


Okay, so tell me if this sounds like you, you love NPRs podcasts, you wish they weren't interrupted by sponsor breaks like this one, and you want to support NPR R'S mission of creating a more informed public. If this does sound like you, then it's time to sign up for perks across more than 20 podcasts with the NPR plus bundle Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org.


You know, a central theme of the book is that the norms and practices of the Justice Department intended to keep it fair and impartial. Like I, things like you don't talk about ongoing investigations, so you don't, you know, taint the reputations of people who may never be charged. That, that those norms aren't simply no match for a president who would attack law enforcement publicly with great abandon, often with disinformation, you know, messages reinforced by, you know, you know, an aggressive conservative media and members of his political party. I mean, it's a persuasive case that, that those things do kind of handcuff, well, I don't wanna say handcuff, but it, it, it, it does make them the department vulnerable.


And I'm wondering what should be done about it? Should the Justice Department's rules be changed? I think it's more important than ever that the Justice Department be independent. There are some very basic reforms. There were some proposals in Congress to con to limit the powers of the presidency. A lot of 'em came from Jack Goldsmith, who was, he was, he worked in the George Bush administration, George W. Bush, you know, basic things right now, the, the, it's the, the president is the power to invoke emergency powers under the Constitution with no limit. And they can do that unilaterally. He called for legislations that would prevent that they're basic pardon reforms.


It would make it a crime to use a pardon in exchange for someone cooperating in an effort to obstruct an investigation that, that would make it a felony to do that. And again, to deter a president from using the pardon power to, to stop criminal investigations. And even, you know, there's a very basic reform he made, he proposed Jack Goldsmith in terms of transparency that would require presidents to make their tax returns public. None of those very basic reforms, you know, were enacted by our very divided, you know, Congress. And, and so this is again, what worries me the most is the hyper-partisanship sort of preventing us from enacting the reforms we need to, to use the lessons of each presidency, whether it's a Democrat or a Republican who's abusing power to, to refine our laws.


And instead we just seem to be more and more divided, more and more name calling, more and more conspiracy theories from both sides. And again, I I think the answer to stabilizing our democracy is more nonpartisan public service, not less of it. And I guess in a way it means winning elections, right? For people who believe in those ideals because congress has to do it. And one of the, it was interesting, one person I spoke with in, in the course of working on the book and writing different stories was Jamie Raskin of a Democrat, you know, firebrand. And he said that, you know, he was pushing forward with the January 6th committee, but he said, it's very important that we win this battle politically.


And he was saying, and, and a lot of justice department officials say this, that the legal system actually isn't the best way for us to resolve our political differences. If you look at what happened to Trump's ratings, his popularity ratings, they soared after he was indicted by Jack Smith. You know, every indictment, every case, instead of discrediting him, they actually increased Republican support for him. And I had Senior Justice department officials say to me that the Justice Department, the court systems, you know, trials aren't the way, you know, they're not equipped to resolve our political differences, that elections are the ways we resolve our political differences every four years and two years.


But the problem with this sort of moment is when you know, honestly, like when former President Trump will not accept the results of the election, then you've got a problem. You don't that core basic fact, if there's no agreement on it, that's what, you know, puts us I think at, at great risk. And I, and I just wanna say there's many skeptics out there whose question, what happened in 2020? Again, great example of nonpartisan public service. There was about 70 federal judges, including the Supreme Court, that considered the different challenges from Trump to the 2020 election results he lost every time.


It, it is not true that there was massive fraud in 2020. Joe Biden won the election. These were judges, some of them appointed by Trump himself, some appointed by George W. Bush, you know, by George HW Bush. And they did the right things, a conservative state. Supreme Court justice in Wisconsin talked about the deep threat that this represented to democracy, to uphold a, a false claim of election fraud, how dangerous that was in the long term to our democracy. And he rejected Trump's claim of voter fraud in 2020. And I've, I've long felt that whatever happens in court cases about, about the 2020 election, if tens of millions of people believe that you can steal tens of millions of votes and without leaving any evidence, we are in big trouble.


You know, it's interesting that, that, that some republicans, Steve Bannon among other have urged MAGA voters to get involved in elections more directly in party committee races and actually run for precinct election boards, volunteer at polling places. And this kind of terrifies a lot of folks who think that they're gonna try and steal the election that way. In some ways, I think it actually might be a really good thing because I mean, having covered a lot of elections have been to a million polling places, having observed recounts. If you do that up, if you see it up close, you see that, you know, pollings are won in neighborhoods by people who were trying to follow the local election code and get it right. And when there's a dispute, they're, they're handled by civil servants who they're not gonna risk their careers and pensions to like stuff ballots.


I mean this, you know, there are, the elections are always a little messy, but it's pretty much on the up and up. And I think if more people got involved and saw it firsthand, I actually think it might shake their belief in, you know, the stolen election theory, That's democracy, that's people getting out and running for office, that's people coming out and as volunteers and there's a long tradition of a Republican observer and a democratic observer sitting there and, and watching the votes get counted. And when you, and, and again, you know, I'm a mainstream journalist obviously, and, but I've covered government officials and around the world and, and here and I've that, you know, there's definitely corruption, there's definitely problems with what happens, but there's a lot of people who are trying to do the right things, whether it's counting votes or carrying out a policy by a democratically elected president.


You know, I I, my last book was about, you know, is, is there a deep state? And I found that the career civil servants are more biased towards their own organization. The FBI agents, I found, you know, were most interested in defending the FBI itself. DOJ officials or, or the Department of Agriculture. They would leak information to get a higher budget, you know, from Congress or do something to help their, you know, their, their friends, you know, their colleagues, their department, their tribe, if you will. There are bad actors. I think, you know, we've gotta divide power between three branches of government. You need transparency. As a journalist, I love to see transparency, but you know, most conspiracy theories on the left and the right that I've looked into haven't proven to be true.


Well, David Road, thanks so much for speaking with us again. Thank you. David Road is a veteran, investigative journalist and currently the National Security Editor for NBC News. His new book is Where Tyranny Begins, the Justice Department, the FBI and the War on Democracy coming up book critic, Maureen Corrigan reviews Paradise Bronx. The new book about the New York Borough from Ian Frazier. This is Fresh Air. Hey, I'm Robert Smith from Planet Money and this summer we are bringing you the entire history of the world, at least the economics part. It's Planet Money Summer School. Every week we'll invite in a brilliant professor and play classic episodes about the birth of money banks and finance.


There will be rogues and revolutionaries and a lot of panics summer school every Wednesday till Labor Day on the Planet Money Podcast from NPR this summer on Planet Money, we're bringing you the entire history of the world, at least the economics part. It's Planet Money Summer School. Every week we'll invite in a brilliant professor and play classic episodes about the birth of money thanks and finance. There will be rogues and revolutionaries and a lot of panics Summer school every Wednesday till Labor Day on the Planet Money Podcast from NPR Every weekday NPR r's best political reporters come to you on the NPR Politics podcast to explain the big news coming out of Washington, the campaign trail and beyond.


We don't just wanna tell you what happened, we tell you why it matters. Join the NPR Politics podcast every single afternoon to understand the world through political eyes. Writer Ian Frazier started walking around the Bronx about 15 years ago. Those walks spurred frazier's fascination with the Burroughs rough and resilient history captured in his new book, paradise Bronx. Our book critic Maureen Corrigan, has this review The Bronx, you gotta be kidding me. That's how I imagine a lot of people might react to the thought of reading a 500 plus page history of the Bronx, the only borough of New York City attached to the mainland of the United States, and therefore the drive-through borough.


The Bronx has been sliced and diced and almost destroyed by interstate highways, expressways, and parkways. But read the opening chapter of Ian Frazier's new book, paradise Bronx. And I think it's a good bet that like a car stuck on the major Deagan expressway, you'll stay put for hours except voluntarily Frazier's signature voice, droll ruminative generous draws readers in his underlying subject here is even bigger than the Bronx. It's the way the past bleeds through the present.


Here's Frazier at the end of that opening chapter describing the thrill of looking at a white wampum bead that a friend of his unearthed the truth of a place often is not hidden, but can be seen in plain sight, bulldoze enough dirt, slap down enough paving and run enough traffic over the past. And you can sometimes eliminate it in one location only to have it pop to the surface in another. I don't know, Frazier says why this kind of survival fascinates me. I guess it's connected to the idea of eternity to the way the world might be in the mind of God or in the non-existent mind of the God who doesn't exist in paradise.


Bronx Frazier embarks on a roughly chronological ramble through Bronx history and places he begins with the native peoples whose mounds of left behind oyster shells can still be discerned on the shore of the East river and ends with the current revitalization slash gentrification of the Bronx. In between Frazier vacuum packs over five centuries of facts and stories about the Bronx. He devotes an extended section to the crucial role the Bronx played in the American Revolution and especially Revels in the boroughs boom era of the early 20th century when immigrants fled the jam packed lower East side to paradise.


Bronx streets were filled with kids playing stickball and on every corner stood a candy store spouting forth egg creams. During this time, Leon Trotsky, WEB Du Bois and Eugenics Madison Grant, whose racist bestseller, the passing of the great race garnered a fan letter from Adolf Hitler were all simultaneous residents of the borough. And Frazier explores how after World War II the Bronx would be, as he says, the victim of planned destruction, aided and aggravated by indifference.


But let's not skip over hip hop. Born in 1970s Bronx. During the very same time when arson fires were raging and the borough was crumbling, Frazier digs deep into hip hop's origins as many other historians and critics have done. But its passages like this one that make paradise Bronx the vibrant ode to the borough that it is. Here's Frazier describing the moment. In 1974 when one of hip hop's creators, Grandmaster Flash heard the music of another creator, cool Herc. For the first time at a party in the Cedar Playground in the Bronx, every violence that could be visited on a place short of carpet bombing had been visited on the Bronx.


It had been burned and raised and bulldozed and run over by highways and blasted with dynamite. It had been disrespected and un benignly neglected. Now the Bronx was answering back huge machines had assaulted it. Now huge speakers blasted a response. What Herc was playing was not only the loudest music flash had ever heard, it was the loudest sound he had ever heard. When I stopped by Cedar Playground, as I do from time to time, Frazier says there are never a lot of people there.


The traffic on the major deacon speeds or crawls the site of Fort Number eight. The Revolutionary War fort taken over by the British is on a cliff above. What did the fort's cannon sound like long ago? How did those cannons sound echoing and re echoing in this canyon? Only a poet, historian like Frazier could make me resolve to open my window and listen the next time I'm stuck on the deagan. Maureen Corrigan is a professor of literature at Georgetown University. She reviewed Paradise Bronx by Ian Frazier on tomorrow's show, foreign policy analyst Daniel Biman offers insight on two critical conflict zones.


He looks at the impact of Ukraine's incursion into Russian territory and whether it can change the dynamics of a long and bloody war. And he'll explore options for the future of Gaza when the Israeli military operation ends. I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air.


Fresh air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Benham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers Ann Marie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, er, Susan Ya Kdi, and Joel Wolfram. Our digital media producers are Molly CV Neper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta Schrock directs the show for Terry Gross. Antonia Mosley. I'm paid Daves. Do you want in on a secret like why bro culture is making a comeback or why a makeup fad is suddenly sweeping your feed on the It's Been a Minute podcast. We know these things don't happen by accident, so join me as we go beyond the trends and find out the why.


Follow the, it's Been a Minute podcast from NPR. You care about what's happening in the world. Let state of the world from NPR keep you informed. Each day we transport you to a different point on the globe and introduce you to the people living world events. We don't just tell you world news, we take you there and you can make this journey while you're doing the dishes or driving your car. State of the World Podcast from NPR Vital International Stories every day.