
Support for this podcast and the following message come from Onset with Onset with the new podcast from HGTV and Max takes you behind the scenes of the most iconic sets from the shows that change television history, like The, Sopranos, and Friends. Listen to Onset with wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Fresh Air. I'm TV critic David Bian Cooley. 25 years ago in January, 1999, HBO premiered a new drama series called The Sopranos, created by David Chase and starring James Gal Feeny as New Jersey Mob Boss Tony Soprano. It had a major impact on television viewers and TV history from start to finish, especially that infamous finish on the show's Silver Anniversary. HBO looks back with a new documentary on The Sopranos and the people who collaborated to make it. We'll look back too, revisiting some of our archival Fresh Air interviews from some of the artists who worked on the series.


But first, let's start with my review of the new HBO documentary director Alex Gibney's two part documentary presented this weekend on HBO and then streaming on Max is called Wise Guy. David Chase and The Sopranos. It's new to television, but already premiered in June at the Tribeca Film Festival. In Gibney's long career, he's done deep dive documentaries on everything from Enron and Scientology to Robin Williams and PornHub last year, he directed an outstanding two part documentary called In Restless Dreams, the music of Paul Simon. And now Gibney directs another Inventively framed two-parter, one that also aims to examine the life and process of a creative artist David Chase.


This profile establishes Quickly was turned on by movies Fellini's. Eight and a half was the first lightning bolt, followed by films by Polanski Godard and others. Chase's Dream was to write and direct for the big screen, but he ended up working in television instead, give me Speeds through the apprenticeship phase of Chase's career much too quickly. It's my only criticism of an otherwise perfectly crafted documentary. Chase's early work on such significant TV shows as Northern Exposure and I'll Fly Away is dismissed in a single sentence. And what I consider one of Chase's most instructive and impressive early efforts.


The 1970s Cult series, col Check The Night Stalker isn't even mentioned. But otherwise, Wise Guy David Chase in The. Sopranos is a very complete and compelling case study. Chase obviously trusts Gibney as a fellow creative artist and gives him gem after gem from The Sopranos Vault. Original audition tapes by actors who were and weren't cast outtakes from throughout the six season, seven year series. Tearful excerpts from Chase speaking at the funeral service for James Gandolfini, who died young at age 51. That was six years after The Sopranos televised that still controversial finale in 2007.


Chase gives Gibney so much trust in fact that he agrees to sit down for interviews with him in a replica of the office of Lorraine b Bronco's, Dr. Melfi, who guided Gandolfini's Tony Soprano through therapy. This time it's Chase in the hot seat with Gibney doing the probing. The first morning of filming their conversation, chase is effusive, but after lunch returning to the office and to chairs, that seems so much like Melfi. Chase tells Gibney he's eyeing the exit And I would leave now, but I see what you've done. All this stuff and yeah, what it was, round Office, it looks a lot like it.


I did say I'd do this, but what I said was, yeah, I'll be part of this Sopranos documentary, but I didn't realize it was gonna be about me. David Chase may not be having a good time here, but Gibney sure is. He uses The Sopranos opening theme song for his documentary's own credits and reshoots the credits so that the typeface are identical and Chase not Tony Soprano is seen driving the familiar route to New Jersey. Gibney laces together the dream sequences from various episodes and uses new and vintage interviews to get insights from and about all the major cast members. The trivia collected here is dizzying.


When Chase first wrote The Sopranos, it was a self-contained movie about a mobster and his domineering mother, and he wanted Robert De Niro and Anne Bancroft to star. He hired one cast member for the series from an open casting cattle call in New Jersey and hired Steven Van Zant guitarist for Bruce Springsteen's e street band. After watching him on tv, inducting the Rascals into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Van Zt tells Gibney his side of that story. I get a lot of scripts for music, not for acting. I I wasn't an actor and David Chase calls, you know, I get him on, get on the phone. What was that first conversation Like?


Well, it was a little weird because he says, you know, what do you think? I said, well, it's great script. What kinda music you thinking of? He says, no, no, no, we want you to be in it. I said, I'm not an actor. I mean, I isn't that a kind of a prerequisite for this whole TV thing, you know? And he says, yes, you are an actor. You just don't know it yet. Van Zt read for the role of Tony Soprano. He didn't get it, of course, but Chase loved Van Zand so much. Chase wrote a new character, Sylvia o Dante, just for him. And all the audition tapes, not just his, are fascinating. You can really see and hear why Nancy Marchant was cast as Tony's mother, Olivia, and most of all why James Gandolfini won the starring role of Tony Chase tells Gibney that Gandolfini simply was Tony, but suggests his performance may have come at a cost.


It's an assessment. The actor himself in a vintage interview clip doesn't dispute. We hear David, Chase first, then Gandolfini. I think what Jim didn't know or expect, it's just how difficult it is to be the leader of a series. I had no clue. I walked in with a big smile on my face and I got punched, right? Right. The nose and I said, okay, I gotta figure out some way to do this. I had no clue. I had to prepare for it, Give me guides, chase gently, but firmly through all this terrain. Some of it is rough and emotional, but some of the conversation is chatty and funny even when it's insightful. Like the very quick exchange about the show's entire concept of a mob boss undergoing therapy.


Theoretically, Therapy's supposed to make you a better person. Alright, Let me hear it Instead. It made him a better mobster. Then there's the revelation about Chase's particular writing method. He tells Gibney how he drew his own spreadsheets for each season, making squares for each episode and character, then filling them in. It was always 13 episodes, so I'd make 13 lines. Then I'd start making lines like that. It would say, Tony, what does Tony do in episode one? What does Tony do in episode two? What happens? And that was containing a plot. Then I started adding Carmela, what's Carmela doing? She had her own season.


Chris had, they all had their own seasons. Some of them had two or three. Tony would have two or three lines of what happened to him in that season. Then I would get back, I would lay it all out for the writers so they knew what the direction of the season was, and then we'd sit down. We'd say, all right, episode one, I know what it says up here, but what's this really gonna be about? You'll Learn a lot about The Sopranos from watching this two part documentary. Some of it is general, like why The Sopranos really is one of the most important series in the history of television, but it's also for fans of the show, thrillingly specific in that fake therapy office. Gibney even gets chased to address the show's still wildly debated finale and how inspiration for it was drawn, partly from, believe it or not, Stanley Kubrick's 2001, A Space Odyssey.


Gibney handles this discussion of the show's last episode, and it's cut to black final image in a way that delighted me to no end. Literally after the second season of The Sopranos, Terry spoke with David Chase, the show's creator and executive producer. He also wrote and directed many of the episodes. Before we hear an excerpt of that interview, let's hear a clip that displays the humor in The Sopranos in this scene early in the series, James Delini, who plays Tony Soprano, is talking with another mobster Bobby played by Steve Shepa. I really went downhill after the World Trade Center. You know, Quasimoto predicted all this.


Who did what? All these problems. The Middle East, the end of the world. Nostradamus Quasimoto is the hunchback of Notre Dame. Oh, right. Notre Dames, Notre Dames and Notre Dame. It's two different things completely. It's interesting though. They'd be so similar, isn't it? Then I always thought, okay, hunchback a Notre Dame. You also got your quarterback and your halfback a Notre Dame. What's a cathedral? Obviously, I know. I'm just saying it's interesting, the coincidence, what you're gonna tell me. You never pondered that. The back thing with Notre Dame?


No, Terry spoke with David Chase in 2000. It seems to me that The Sopranos started off with a little bit more comedy and that it's become just more, more tragic for the characters as time goes on. I know people have said that, and I, I didn't realize that. I, I don't see it that way. So it's pretty That way difficult. Don't, I don't. The last show we did a sudden U-turn, if that's what people are talking about, The show, show of the second season, The last show of the second season in that There was a plan, there was, we had a plan for Tony's emotional growth or lack of growth throughout the first season.


The idea of carried over from the first season was okay, based on what, what we seem to remember about therapy or know about therapy. If you compress it all in a case, of course it takes much longer than this, and it's, you get to a point, your my parents did this, my parents did that. You're slamming your parents, you, the shrink is saying, oh, those parents you had, what do you expect? You can't be any better than you are because, and you go through that, and then you get to a point where it's, okay, so your parents were your parents, now what are you gonna do? You know, you're gonna, as, as a, as a shrink once said to me, what are we, what would you like to do? Should we have an auto defay and burn the old lady at the stake, and she's your mother. What can you do about it? And so we got to that point in the show, and the second season was to be, was about actually Tony realizing that, that people kept saying to him he was his own worst enemy.


That, that the seeds of his own destruction and his problems were internal as they are with all of us. Really in the end, you're, you're here and there's no excuses for who you are. As we were doing show 13, I suddenly something in me kind of snapped and I got tired of, of some of the moralizing that some of the characters were doing. and I began to feel that Tony Soprano is a gangster. He is a mobster end of story. And that's, or that's enough said about him as regards his quote unquote internal development for now. And so in the end, the feeling that I got from the end from the last show was that, and I thought it was also necessary to remind the audience, this is a mobster, this is a gangster.


You may think he's lovable. He's also a very, very scary man. Let's hear a scene between Tony and his psychiatrist, Dr. Melfi, from about three episodes from the end of of last season. And this gets a little bit to what you're talking about. This, this conversation isn't, isn't about Tony's mother, it's about who Tony is and the kind of problems he's responsible for of his own volition in, in, you know, in the work that he's doing and in the crimes that he's committing. So here's Tony with Dr. Melfi. Do you know why a shark keeps moving? They gotta keep moving or they'll die, they can't breathe or something.


There's a psychological condition known as alexithymia, common in certain personalities. The individual craves almost ceaseless action, which enables them to avoid acknowledging the abhorrent things they do. Abhorrent what? Certain personalities, Antisocial personalities. My future brother-in-law ran over a guy.


No reason guy's paralyzed has to piss into a cathode tube. What happens when these antisocial personalities aren't distracted from the horrible shit they do? They have time to think about their behavior, how what they do affects other people about feelings of emptiness and self-loathing haunting them since childhood and they crash The scene from The Sopranos, my guest is the creator and executive producer of the series, David Chase.


Where does that scene take us in the development of Tony? Well, it was, it was intended to be building toward some sort of conclusion or some kind of self-awareness on Tony's part, self-awareness on Tony's part that he, that it, it's, it's no longer, you can no longer blame your parents, your mother. You cannot go through your life or go through therapy just leaning on that crutch all the time. That after a while it's you. The problem is you, it's strange. As you were, as you were playing that scene, I, I became, I felt the scene with Melfi. I, I felt very sorry for Tony Soprano. I got, actually got choked up. I I, I sort of heard it for the first time because she's not only saying to him, this is what you do to other people, but she's saying to him that underneath that there's this just little scared person who just hates himself.


We, and I and I, I felt compassion for the guy. Well, you're so lucky to have found in James Delini, someone who has such an interesting face to watch and his face is kind of mercurial. I mean, although I'm sure he, he's trying not to betray what he's thinking. You can see what he's thinking on his face and sometimes he looks very weak and vulnerable and sometimes he's incredibly cold-blooded looking. How did you find him? Well, Oh, and let me ask you one thing too, in terms of looking for him. You've casted the center of the series, someone who is a very charismatic actor, but he's not a leading man kind of looking actor. He is, got a potbelly receding hairline, pudgy face. It's not, it's not Al Pacino.


No. I I would, if the, I always go for the actor. If, if the actor who came in to read for this part had been Carrie Grant and it had worked, I probably would've said, fine, let's do that. But we didn't. What we, what what, what really we were blessed enough to have happen is that James Gal Feeney came through our door and, and I honestly mean this, this is, you know, there's, without Jim Delini, there is no Sopranos, there's no Tony Soprano. He is so integral to, I think a lot of the people always ask me, what do you attribute? Why do people like this show so much? Why the furor?


And it's because of him. That's what, that's why the whole thing I think, is so identifiable to so many people because he just is so human and people respond to him, their hearts and their heads go out to him despite the heinous things he's doing on screen. There's only very average guy looking about him. Oh, it's more than that, I think. I don't think he is that average. I think there's a, I think he's a very, very sensitive hypersensitive man. And, and I think he reflects his environment in a very, very rarefied way. And he comes off as the regular Joe, you know. But that's, but I think what's going on there is you have a very, very extremely emotional person and sensitive person.


And that's what Tony Soprano has become as a result of, of him. Ededie Falco plays the role of Carmelo. What did you tell Ededie Falco about the character of Carmelo after you cast her? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Just comes in. Does her work? Was Carmel No direction, honest to God, no direction, no nothing. That's the case with most of these actors. There's very little directing going on. Well, here's a scene between Carmela and Tony from The Sopranos. I hope you apologized to him. For what? Tony? You promised him you were gonna be at his swim meet. Oh, shit, I forgot. How could you forget Something I had to do?


Tony? He almost came in second. You should have seen his face when you weren't there. Yeah, well, I saw his face the other day when he had to go to the mall, when I wanted to take him to the movies. What are you, six years old? And I said, I try to be there. What is with you, Tony, this whole week? You're like an alien life form among us. There's nothing wrong. Thank you for sharing. You know what, leave me the alone. I'm exhausted. I'll make it up to him to swim, meet. So where were you? Did you go see Christopher at the hospital? Yeah, I, I went to see Christopher at the hospital. Wherever you were. It couldn't have been more important than letting your son know that you care about him.


No. Only you care. My guess is David Chase and he's the creator and executive producer of The Sopranos. When, when you were growing up, were there movies that really scared the heck out of you but you couldn't take your eyes off of them? Oh, Of course, yes. That's the kind of movies I always grab. That's the kind of movies I always liked. As I said, I, I was a scaredy kid, and yet I've horror movies and scary movies to me were, I I I could not get enough of them. And, and I think I found things to be terrified of in movies that other people didn't. I, I, the, I think a pretty big influence on me was this William Wellman movie, the Public Enemy, which I saw on Million Dollar movie when I was probably eight or nine.


And they play it. They would play a movie all week long. And in it, there's a, the gangster, Tom Powers this, you know, it's the one where Cagney's finally after this life of crime, and actually the mother is very important in that movie too. He is, he's got this sort of sweet little old Irish mother. But after this horrible life of crime and smashing the grapefruit into that woman's face and everything else that he did, he gets shot and he says, ah, it's not tough. And he collapses on his knees. But at the end of the movie, he's in a hospital and he's, and they, the, the, the rival gangs calls his mother's house and says, we're sending Tom home. And his brother runs up upstairs and says, ma ma, they're bringing Tom home. And she starts, she puts on this, I'm forever Blowing Bubbles record, and it's playing and she's making the bed, and she's sort of singing, and feathers are going every place she's happy.


And, and his brother's all excited. He is coming home. And then the, there's a knock on the door and the brother opens the door and you see Cagney's wrapped up in a blanket with his head all in bandage from the hospital, tied up like a mummy, and he's dead, and he's dead eyes. And he just sort of topples toward camera right into the lens. That's the end of the movie. This was the most frightening thing I'd ever seen. I, I was scared about this for a month. I could not get that outta my mind. What was it that was so scary? I, I dunno, to this day, this the idea those people's expectations in the house, it's actually making me kind of sad. I don't know their expectations of what was gonna happen and what really did happen.


That they were so happy that he was coming home and, and he was dead in such a horrible way, and how he wasted his life. David Chase, the creator of The Sopranos, talking with Terry Gross in 2000. The series is 25 years old, a new two part documentary, Wise guy David Chase and The Sopranos Premier Saturday on HBO. Coming up, we hear from two of the cast members from The Sopranos. I'm David Bean Cooley, and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Capella University. With their game changing, FlexPath learning format. Capella empowers you to fit education into your life without putting other priorities on hold. FlexPath lets you set your own deadlines and adjust them. If something comes up and depending on your schedule, you can take courses at your own speed and move on to the next one. You're ready. Imagine how a flexible program can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu,


this message comes from Mattress Firm. How do you sleep at night? Upgrade to the luxurious rest you deserve. With mattress firm's premium selection of top brand mattresses, you can sleep on your new bed for 120 nights. And if you don't love it, mattress Firm will find you a new one or your money back. Ready to wake up feeling refreshed. Get matched at mattress firm's best sale of the year, the Labor Day sale, and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


The groundbreaking HBO series, The Sopranos premiered 25 years ago in January, 1999, Lorraine Brocko, co-starred in the series as Dr. Melfi, Tony Soprano's psychiatrist. Before that, she started as the wife of Wise guy Henry Hill in Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas. Terry Gross spoke with her in 2006. At the time she had written a memoir, which in part revealed her own bout with depression. Here's a scene from The Sopranos. Tony Soprano is in Dr. Mel's office. He's just told her he hates his son, AJ. Anthony, I think your anger towards AJ has been building for some time.


We have to deal with this. All I know is it's a good thing my father's not alive. 'cause let me tell you, he'd find this hilarious. Find what? Hilarious. The kind of son I produced. You mean? Because Anthony doesn't conform to your father's idea of what a man should be. His mine or anybody's. Lemme tell you, if Carella let me kick AJ's ass like my father kicked my ass. He might have gone up with some S like you. Yeah, like me. He might have also grown up taking out his anger at his father's brutality towards him, on others.


He might have grown up with a desperate need to dominate and control. Anthony, we've been dancing around this for years. How you live, what is it you want from your life? I couldn't even hit him if I wanted to. He's so little. It's Carmella's side of the family. They're small people. Her father, you could knock him over with a feather. Okay? But I have to point out what you resent Carmella doing for aj, protecting him from his father is the very thing you had often wished your mother had done for you.


Lorraine Brocko, welcome to Fresh Air. Now, David Chase, the creator of The Sopranos, wanted you to play Carmela Tony's wife when the series was starting. But, but you turned that down. It's, it's such a big part and such a great part. You say in your book that you didn't wanna play another mob wife after you became so famous for that in Goodfellas. But I still think, think that must have been really hard to, to turn that down. Did you ever have second thoughts about turning it down, seeing what, what a what a great role it was? Well, I, you know, again, you know, with David when we talked about it, I I, I did it. I didn't think I could do it any better.


And Melfi jumped off the page for me. I thought she was an Italian-American educated woman. Someone we've never seen a relationship with a, with a mobster character that you've never seen that was exciting to play. Now, when, when the series started, you were going through a terrible depression, which you write about in your new memoir. You were going through a bad separation with Harvey Kittel, who you'd been with for, for years. You had a daughter together and you were having a custody battle over your daughter. Oh. And you were very, very deep in debt. Like $2 million in part because of the steep legal fees that you had to pay.


And you finally went into therapy. Did therapy help you through that depression? Oh, ev yes it did. And medication helped me. What are the therapy, since you're playing a therapist now and have to really think about the value and the limitations of therapy, what, what did the therapy do for you? What, what are some of the insights that it gave you that you, you could actually use to change your life? All right, well, the, you know, when, when you ask that question, my mind is going all over the place. Couple of things I wanna want you to, to know. David Chase has been through therapy and when I met David and we talked about Dr.


Melfi, one of the things I said to him was, listen, I don't really know you very well right now, and you don't know me, but I've been in therapy and I've been in crisis mode. and I said to him, the therapy had been very important to me. and I wasn't willing to make a mockery of therapy. I wasn't willing to become the psycho killer. I wasn't willing to, to become the sex fiend psychiatrist. And if he had those plans for this character, I was not his girl.


And David was very honest and open with me and said he'd been in therapy and been through, been through a lot, and no, he wasn't going to make a mockery of the therapy. Would he take a little artistic license? Yes, I said that I could live with. Now you first became really well known for your role in Goodfellas as Karen Hill, the, you know, the woman who becomes the wife of, of the Wise guy of the film, the small time mobster, Henry Hill. It was directed by Martin Scorsese, who you already knew through your longtime partner, Harvey Kittel. So you say in your book that, you know, you had auditioned from one of Scorsese's earlier movies and and he didn't give you that part, but he said he would give you a part someday and, and Goodfellows was that someday.


And you also say that you didn't exactly audition for it. What, what was, if it wasn't an audition exactly. What what was it? Well, Marty had met me. He, he knew me. I had already worked a little bit. So I, so he'd seen me on the screen and what he did was he had me come up to his apartment and meet him and Ray Liotta and we sat and talked and had a drink for a while. and I think what he was doing was really matching me up with Ray. Well, I wanna play a scene from Goodfellows.


And this is a scene you and Henry Hill have recently married, but you're living in, you're, you're both living in your parents' house. And in this scene, Henry Hill has been out all night and it's not the first time. And your mother is really mad at him. And, and I think she's kind of mad at you from marrying him in the first place. Okay? So this is a scene with you and your mother And just, I know this has got nothing to do with nothing, but you realize Su Suzanne Shepherd, who plays my mother in Goodfellas plays, come on, Terry, come on. It's a great trivia question. I don't know.


Plays Edie's mother in Sopranos. No, really? Same actress. I didn't realize that. Ah, see, Ah, you got me. That's great. All right. Just a little trivia. Well, that's great. Well, well let's hear the scene and we can think about that as we, as we listen. He didn't call, He's with his friends. What kind of a person doesn't call Ma? He's a grownup. He doesn't have to call every five minutes. If he was such a grownup, why doesn't he get you to an apartment? Aye, don't start, mom. You are the one who wanted us here. Listen, you're here a month and sometimes I know he doesn't come home at all. What kind of people are these?


Mom, What do you want me to do? Do what can you do? He's not Jewish. Did you know how these people live? Did you know what they were like? Your father never stayed out all night without calling. Stay out. Daddy never went out at all. Ma, keep out of it. You don't know how I Feel. Phil, how do you feel now? You don't know where he is. You don't know who he's with. He's with his friends. Dad, Will you leave him out of this? He suffered enough. The man hasn't been able to digest a decent meal in six weeks. That's my guest, Lorraine Brocko with Suzanne Shepherd in a scene from Goodfellas. I have another question about Dr. Melfi. One of the things I sometimes wonder about Dr. Melfi is this, when seeing Tony Soprano, would she really be wearing skirts and stockings that reveal her very beautiful legs?


Or would she be trying to be as like non-sexual as possible in a therapy relationship like that? Okay, so I have a couple of things on the subject. You ready? Yes. One Terry. Yes. It is a TV show and Mr. Gandel Feeny goes to our fantastic costume designer, Juliet, and begs her to shorten my skirts. Just so you know, little artistic license there.


You know, I, if if if you know me and if you meet me, you will see I'm a much more alive woman than Dr. Melfi and I. I have a big sexuality about me. So Dr. Melfi is for me. I work so hard to tone her down. Yes, there's a part of me I bring in, but I have to glue my ass down to the chair. I have to get rid of me to make her. Lorraine Brocko, thanks so much for talking with us.


Oh, you're sweet, Terry. I hope you had fun. Lorraine Brocko speaking with Terry Gross in 2006. Coming up we hear from Michael Imperioli who played Tony Soprano's impulsive nephew. Christopher This is Fresh Air


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Chevron. The anchor offshore platform is utilizing breakthrough technology to enable us to produce oil and natural gas in the US Gulf of Mexico at pressures up to 20,000 PSIA new industry benchmark anchor is part of Chevron's plan to produce 300,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2026 in the US Gulf of Mexico home to some of Chevron's lowest carbon intensity producing operations. That's energy in progress. Visit chevron.com/anchor.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Charles Schwab with their original podcast Choice ology, hosted by Katie Milkman, an award-winning behavioral scientist and author of the best-selling book. How to Change Choice Ology is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Hear true stories from Nobel laureates, historians, authors, athletes, and more about why people do the things they do. Download the latest episode and subscribe at schwab.com/podcast or wherever you listen.


Michael Imperioli played Christopher Ante, Tony Soprano's hotheaded nephew in The Sopranos. More recently, he co-starred in the second season of HBO's White Lotus, playing a Hollywood producer with a sex addiction. Even in the premier episode of The Sopranos, Christopher was too cocky and sassy even with his powerful Uncle Tony. In this scene, Tony played by James del Feeny sees Christopher seated by himself on the porch at a family barbecue brooding. When Tony approaches him, Christopher starts complaining. And Tony, who's recently started therapy, accepts the attitude at first. But therapy goes only so far.


And when Christopher keeps pushing, Tony grabs him by the collar, lifts him out of his chair and talks to him literally nose to nose. What's wrong with you? You know, a simple way to go Chris, on the Triborough Towers contract would've been nice. That's, That's, You are right, you're right. I have no defense. That's how I was parented. Never supported, never complimented.


You know, my cousin Gregory's girlfriend is what they call a development girl out in Hollywood, right? She said I could sell my life story, make fucking millions. I didn't do that. I stuck it out with you. Tell you whatcha gonna do? Go Henry, fill on me now. How many mos are selling screenplays and screwing everything up? She said I could maybe even play myself. Oh yeah, yeah. Forget how they would screenplays. Forget those distractions, huh? What do you think I have in that office? Terry Gross spoke with Michael Imperio in 2000 and asked him to describe his character in The Sopranos.


I'm kind of a younger, more hotheaded, impulsive, young mobster who wants to be made into the mafia, which means officially become a member and go through the, the the oath and ritual, which assures you a lifetime place in that family. And often my attempts to do that kind of backfire and cause me to get into more trouble. That's, but he's a hard worker and has a, I think he has a good heart. When you started working on The Sopranos, was most of your knowledge about the mob from movies and TV shows?


Well, yeah. I mean, I had done a couple of roles and for those roles I did a lot of research. So I guess just the life and, and the kind of characterizations and the type of people was something that I was familiar with from growing up. What kind of neighborhood did you grow up in? I grew up in a mostly Italian neighborhood in Mount Vernon, which is right on the border of the Bronx in New York. Were there guys who were rumored to be in the mafia or guys who you knew for sure were There were guys who were connected to them, but not guys who I would say were like, were made guys who were part of the family that lived in my immediate neighborhood. And what was your attitude toward them?


Were there people you looked up to or people you wanted to stay away from? Well, you know, when we were kids growing up, the Godfather was like hero, you know, that was hero worship to us. We, the Godfather kind of made us proud to be Italian because I mean, we didn't look at them, those characters as just violent, you know, criminals. We, we, we look them at them with appreciation because of their sense of being empowered in American society and being able to kind of take the law into their own hands. And we also were attracted to these bonds of loyalty and, and blood, you know, blood family meaning that version of blood and, and tradition.


No, you, before The Sopranos you had a, a small part in Goodfellas. Yeah. One of Martin Scorsese's movies about the mob, about pe people at the lower echelon. Describe your part in Goodfellas. I played a kid who worked in the social club where the, these Wise guys hung out. And specifically you see me serving drinks at a card game. I make go buy them a sandwich if they wanted it, or make them a sandwich for the card game, or kinda like a gopher of sorts. That's what I, that was my character. His name was Spider. And you got shot. Yeah. Well that was based on a true story apparently from what, from what I understand that there was a character who was this kid and one of the guys kind of was getting a little hot under the collar and was fooling around and wanted me to like, in an old Western, you know, move a little quicker.


So he was shooting the ground, he wound up shooting me in the foot and then in the next scene he, he's kind of bothering me and saying, come on, you know, kind of doing the same thing and I have this huge bandage on my foot and I get upset and kind of tell him to go, you know, blah, blah, blah. And he gets really upset and winds up killing me. But it's kind of a, it happens right in the middle of the movie and it's, I think there was no reason really for me to, to my character to, to die. And it kind of really showed that was Joe Pesci, who, who shot my character in the movie. And it was a, a point in the movie where it really kind of shows he's taken a turn into like, I guess depravity where he's really, it's not about business anymore.


It's really, he's just kind of becoming psychotic where he's just killing whoever he wants to for whatever reason. Let's hear an excerpt of that scene, Even though you guys that you could dance, give us a little, give us a co a couple of steps here. Spider, you tell the truth, you're looking for sympathy. Is that it Sweetie? Why don't you go Yourself, Tommy. Oh, right. I don't believe what I just heard. Hey, spider Air. Yeah. This is for you. Not a boy. I got respect for this. He's got a lot of balls against you. Good for you. Don't take no shit off nobody. He shoots him in the 40,000 go shot.


Let him get away with that. You gonna let punk get away with that? What's the matter, what's the world coming to, what the world is coming to Eddie like that When the Joe Peche character is really going over the edge as he's shooting at you, did you feel that Joe Peche was really doing something transformational in himself in that scene? Oh no. I mean, I was, I mean, you get into it and you're, you know, you're doing your thing. I mean, I think I was too involved in my thing to like be taken out of it and think, wow, he's really going somewhere else. I mean, we were into our own parts and playing it to the hilt.


Although I did get hurt, you know, when I, when the, in the scene when they killed me in the first take when I'm getting shot, I hit the ground and I had a, an actual glass in my hand, which shattered and I sliced two of my fingers open. So I got rushed to a hospital out in Queens, but I had these huge bullet holes and blood all over my chest. And as they rushed me to the hospital and they, as I went into the hospital, they rushed at me and put me on a stretcher. And I'm trying to explain to them that it was my hand and they just thought I was delirious and wouldn't listen to anything I was saying and thought, you know, they were gonna have to do some kind of, I don't know, trauma, surgery or whatever the hell they were gonna have to do. And then they finally understood and saw all the rigging for the blood packs and stuff like that.


And everybody kind of had a laugh and it was, but it was a, it was very funny. Sounds To me like a very effective way to get by the triage nurse. It was e exactly that. And, but once they found out that it was just then, then just my fingers, they made me wait a long time. Michael Imperioli speaking with Terry Gross in 2000. We have extended interviews with today's guests and with other cast members on our site, Fresh Air archive.org, the new documentary Wise guy David Chase and The Sopranos Premier Saturday on HBO. Coming up Justin Chang reviews Beetlejuice Beetlejuice. This is Fresh Air


Support for NPR comes from Carvana presenting this message. Whether you're the kind of shopper who knows exactly what you want or the kind who likes to weigh out every option, Carvana is the convenient way to shop for a car online. Visit carvana.com to shop thousands of affordable car options.


Need a binge listen. Check out the latest series from NPRs embedded podcast. It's called Tested. Since long before the Paris Olympics, women in sports have been asked to prove their gender. There was Chitchat about is that really a woman Listen to tested a new series from embedded and CBC about the history and future of sex testing in sports. All episodes are out now.


The Constitution, our founding document says a lot about how our country has evolved and who we want to be, but it's not set in stone. So for the next month, we'll be digging into the history behind some of its most pivotal amendments. Listen to we the people on the Through Line podcast from NPR


More than 30 years after his classic supernatural comedy Beetlejuice Tim Burton is back with a sequel called Beetlejuice Beetlejuice. Michael Keaton, again, stars as the ghoulish green haired prankster of the title and Winona Rider and Catherine O'Hara reprise their roles. Also Beetlejuice Beetlejuice opens in theaters this week, and our film critic, Justin Chang, has this review. The impish demon known as Beetlejuice has been dead for centuries, but he's enjoyed a pretty long life in popular culture. Tim Burton's hit film spawned a trippy animated TV series, which I happily devoured as a kid in the late eighties and more recently, a Beetlejuice stage musical that's now touring the US even So I wasn't hankering for a sequel to the Burton movie, which might have turned out to be just another fan servicing nostalgia, milking cash grab.


Fortunately there isn't a whiff of cynicism to Beetlejuice Beetlejuice Burton shows real affection for the first film's characters and genuine curiosity about how they're doing. Three decades or so later, Winona Rider is back as Lydia Dietz, who escaped Beetlejuice clutches as a teenager. Now she's a paranormal expert with her own talk show. Lydia has long since buried the hatchet with her artist's stepmother Delia, the sublime Catherine O'Hara. But she's having a tougher time with her own teenage daughter, Astrid. That's Jenna Ortega from the show Wednesday, whose creators Alfred Goff and Miles Miller wrote this movie.


When Lydia's father dies, suddenly the family reunites at their old Connecticut home for the funeral. It's here that Lydia accidentally winds up summoning Beetlejuice, thanks in part to her sleaze of a fiance played by Justin Thru. So you're saying that someone called Beetlejuice don't Say his name. If you say his name three times he will appear. I know this is a big step for you, but in the words of Dr. Glickman, I'm gonna give you the push you need. Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice With a sudden Bush. Beetlejuice is back played by Michael Keaton with the same messy green hair, rotting teeth, and mischievous streak as before.


First of all, I want you two kids to know this is a safe space, okay? Feel free to express yourself. Don't be afraid. I sense there's an enabler here, but we'll get to that. You are a figment of my imagination, really? Is this a figment of your imagination? Oh, Lydia winds up joining forces with Beetlejuice begging him to help her after Astrid falls into a trap and gets sucked into the underworld. But Beetlejuice has worries of his own. Centuries ago when he was still alive, he married a woman named Dolores, played by a witchy, Monica Lucci. Things didn't end well, and now Dolores is back and stalking him.


It's a silly twist and a fairly inconsequential part of the breezy. Anything goes plot, but that breeziness is part of the movie's charm like its predecessor Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice is basically a supernatural screwball rom-com in which marriage is never a matter of till death to us. Part the movie is refreshingly unsentimental about love. Whether it's Astrid getting hoodwinked by a teenage crush, or Lydia being courted by not one, but two unsavory suitors. Beetlejuice is less of a villain. This time around though, as played by a fast talking shape-shifting Keaton, he's still a pain in the neck.


He hasn't really changed much in 30 odd years in the afterlife. That's a drop in the bucket. But the living characters have changed in interesting ways. Delia no longer just a sculptor, but a multimedia artist is mere than before, though O'Hara gives her a dash of dots, perhaps channeling her Moira Rose from Schitt's Creek. Lydia played with such moody self-possession by writer in the first film is now a bundle of nerves determined to save her daughter and their relationship at any cost. At a certain point, Beetlejuice Beetlejuice becomes a kind of hellish door slamming farce with multiple characters hurdling through portals between the realms of the living and the dead.


But while the movie can be distractingly busy, it never feels frenetic or exhausting. The underworld production design is ravishingly grim. And some of the site gags, like when a dismembered corpse reassembles itself using a staple gun are as exquisite as they are grizzly. And for all the state-of-the-art technique on display, the movie retains a handcrafted look that feels rooted in the original. The result may not reach the first film's darkly funny heights, but then to his credit, Burton seems more interested in updating than duplicating his earlier achievement.


There is, however, one scene, a lovely choral performance of Harry Belafonte's Calypso classic Deo that nicely calls back to the first movie's most memorable moment. It was enough to make me imagine the late great Belafonte himself hanging out with the various misshapen denizens of this fantasy afterlife and having to his surprise as well as mine, a remarkably good time. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed Beetlejuice Beetlejuice on Monday's show, standup comedian and late night talk show host Taylor Tomlinson. She hosts CBS's After Midnight, which builds itself as the smartest show about the dumbest things on the internet.


She talks about hosting a late night talk show, finding humor in her dating life, and her diagnosis of bipolar disorder. I hope you can join us. Daylight Command me. Wanna go? Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld, and Deanna Martinez. For Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley, I'm David Bean Cooley On a drink.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Discover. When you hear a good idea, it's natural to do a double take. Check this out. Discover will automatically double all the cash back you've earned on your credit card at the end of your first year. See terms at discover.com/credit card


dreaming.


I'm Jesse Thorne on Bullseye Common tells us who inspired him. I was definitely looking up to Pete Rock and C, how Smooth And Pete Rock talks about the common albums that he loved. Yeah, One day it'll all Make sense and the two of them will talk about how they teamed up for the first time in almost two decades. On Bullseye for maximum fun.org and NPR.