
This message comes from Progressive Insurance. Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save when you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Dave Davies. If you follow the news, you know these are strange and turbulent times in Washington. As the Trump administration sinks to shrink and recast the federal government with blinding speed in fury, Trump's opponents would no doubt like to see Congress assert its authority to stop the dismantling of agencies and programs. Its past members have authorized. We haven't seen much of that, but we have seen Bills introduced to enable a third Donald Trump term renamed Della's Airport after him and carve his image into Mount Rushmore. Whatever happens, our two guests today have the experience, insight, and sources to tell this story. Annie Carney and Luke Broadwater are both veteran reporters who cover Washington for the New York Times and they've written a new book about the 118th Congress, the one elected in 2022.


It's a look Inside The corridors of power when Democrat Joe Biden was president, dealing with what the authors say was the first MAGA controlled Congress won that fully adopted the extremism and stagecraft of Trumpism. There are fascinating accounts of high stakes negotiations and of house members cursing, insulting and threatening each other, but not a lot of serious legislating. The house passed only 27 bills that became law in its two year session, the lowest number since the Great Depression. Before joining the New York Times in 2018, Annie Carney worked at Politico, the New York Daily News and the New York Post. Luke Broadwater worked For nearly a decade at the Baltimore Sun where he won a Pulitzer Prize for stories about a scandal at the State's largest hospital system that led to the resignation of Baltimore's Mayor Carney and Broad Water's.


New book is Mad House, How Donald Trump MAGA Mean Girls, a Former Used Car Salesman, a Florida Nepo Baby and a Man with Rats in His Walls Broke Congress. We recorded our conversation yesterday. Annie Carney, Luke Broadwater, welcome back to Fresh Air. Thank you so much for having us. Yeah, thank you. That is a colorful title and I thought we would begin with an audio clip of a moment in 2024, which kind of captures some of the craziness of this particular Congress and its breakdown in civility. This was a hearing of the House Oversight Committee where the ostensible purpose was to consider a motion to hold Attorney General Merrick Garland in contempt of Congress.


Now the sound we'll hear, you might've heard it before, it's a little confusing at moments we'll hear eventually from Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. But it begins when Texas Democrat, Jasmine Crockett is criticizing Republican representative Marjorie Taylor Greene and Greene makes an insulting comment about Crockett's eye makeup. Let's listen. Do you know what we're here for? You know we're here about A Oh, just I don't think you know what you're here For. Well, you the ones talking about, I just, I Think your fake eyelashes are messing up. What? Ain Hold On, hold on order. I do have a point of order and I would like to move to, to take down Ms. Green's words. That is absolutely unacceptable.


How dare you. A political appearance of another person. Are your feelings hurt her words down? Aw. Oh, oh girl, baby girl. Oh really? Don't even play baby girl. We're gonna don't think we are gonna move and we're gonna take your words down. Thank you very much. I Second that motion. I'm just curious, just to better understand your ruling. If someone on this committee then starts talking about somebody's bleach, blonde bad built butch body, that would not be engaging in personalities. Correct. Oh, what now Chairman, I'm sorry I make, I make a motion to strike those words. I don't, I don't think that's a, come on. I'm trying to find clarification on what quality chairman Motion to strike those words.


No, I know what you just said. We're not gonna, we're not gonna do this. Look you guys earlier, Literally just, oh, you did it first. Just voted Good times under the Capitol Dome. That was an insane night. Yeah. Well, so either of you can pick this up, but just tell us a little, give us some context for this and, and what it tells us about this Congress. Well first of all, let's remember this is a hearing that's happening at night to start with and why is it happening at night? Because some of the members who are on this committee had spent their workday that day in Manhattan outside of the Federal courthouse where Trump was on trial defending him because a gag orator prevented him from speaking for himself.


So it's already a little emotional, like different vibe when you started hearing at 8:00 PM famously like anything that starts in the evening in Congress, many people are drunk. There's like something called the Drunk Caucus that other members refer to. Leadership is always wary of scheduling votes at night because drinking is a problem. You Know, sorry to interrupt, but I read this in the book and I was astonished to read this. Really? Yes, it, it's among people who work in the capitol and reporters. It's like not a revelation, everyone just knows this, but it is a revelation to most people who don't. So anyway, this is starting at night when you were playing that clip, I just couldn't help but thinking that everyone is being peak themselves in that moment.


Ostensibly like who even remembers what this hearing was about? What happens here is that green makes what Crockett thinks is a racist attack, kind of making fun of her eyelashes, which Crockett in an interview later told us she's seen those attacks online. It's like a ghetto girl thing. And Marjorie Taylor Green was picking up like some, a loaded comment to make a comment about her and all the crazy things that Green has said during her time in Congress talking about eyelashes might really not rank up there, but there is one hard and fast rule that you can't do face-to-face Ad Hom attacks. It's known as quote unquote engaging in personalities.


So there's not a lot of rules in Congress, but she actually can't engage in personalities. And this was an ad hominin attack. So they go after green and when Jasmine Crockett comes up with her famous now line, she smartly phrases it as a question. So it's not actually a direct ad hominin attack at green. So they're all kind of playing a game here. And one interesting thing is you can hear a OC getting pretty heated here, and in some ways this was a moment that Green won. Green is constantly wanting to engage with a OC. She wants to get into it with the most famous house Democrat. And usually a OC does not take the bait. But in this clip you can hear she gets to her, she takes the bait, she gets into a heated back and forth with green, which is kind of what Green wants here.


Right. Calls her baby girl. Yeah, Yeah. I mean in, in some ways this was the real moment when the Democrats in the house embraced the Republican style of politics during this Congress. The first Congress controlled by The MAGA movement, pretty much every Republican who got themselves on TV did so by emulating the style of Donald Trump. And Democrats had always believed in Michelle Obama's axiom, which was when they go low we go higher. And Jasmine Crockett clearly decided when they go low, we go lower and we're going to, we're gonna fight them down in the mud.


And you know, it sort of typified and exemplified everything that, that this congress became. Right. And that is dysfunctional ceding power to Trump really just fighting to fight to make viral moments. Right. And you know, whether going lower is an improvement or not is a matter of opinion. Whether this was like a great moment for Democrats or not is really a matter of opinion. But usually when things go viral online, it's not a great sign for the functionality of Congress. And you know, in this case, no one even remembered what the hearing was ostensibly about.


You know, it's interesting 'cause I remember the, in the book where you describe this shift in strategy by Democrats, we're not gonna sort of stay above the fray. We are going to engage and give it right back to them. And that part of the theory was that Republican members would think about what their future careers will be like if they have embarrassed themselves and adopted things, which, you know, defy reality or, or decorum. Did that strategy work at all? Yeah, so I don't believe it has, it has worked according to the election results, the right results. It seems that voters actually like the fisticuffs, they like Donald Trump's brand of politics, certainly in these red districts.


They like it. And this is a successful way to win primaries on the right is to be the loudest, the biggest fighter, the the most extreme. That gives you a loyal, loving fan base on the right. And so, you know, what we're seeing now in the Democratic Party is I think there's a desire among the populace for the Democrats to become more of the party of fighting and not the party that plays by, you know, Robert's rules and, and and keeps things super professional. You know, one other thing that I just a, a general observation about the account of this Congress that you provide us is how many times there are physical threats among members and I mean in many cases, leaders of congress, things, you know, you know, say that again and I'll, I'll kick your, you know what, or I'll drop you.


You, you both have been around a while. I, I know Luke, I know you covered City hall and the Maryland legislature. Is you ever seen seen anything like this? Not like this. I mean the, you're right, I, that was a striking revelation as well. We would often go back to people and ask them what happened in this room or that room and time after time they would recount how somebody said something to them and they would say, you know, if you do that again, I'll knock you out. Or some other sort of threat. And some of these were examples that played out on the house floor, you know, Eric Swalwell and Kevin McCarthy coming up to each other and using the P word.


Right. You had Tim Burett and Kevin McCarthy in the hallway, you had Tim Burett and Patrick McHenry on the floor. A lot of it is Republican on Republican, not just Intraparty Yes kids. Yes. Yeah. Oftentimes it's members of, you know, the same, the same caucus even getting into it with each other. Obviously we talked about Lauren Bobert and Marjorie Taylor Greene and why they hate each other so much. One thing that I learned in that scene with Jasmine Crockett in the oversight room is going back and reporting it later, is that Lauren Bobert is actually the preferred Republican of the Democrats.


That they see her as much easier to work with. And actually she has friendships on the left. When she, when her grandchild was born, Jamie Raskin of all people sent her a baby gift that said, I'm, I may take a lot of naps but I'm still woke. Reporters are sometimes criticized for revelations in books that people wish they had read, read in the newspapers as you did this. Did, did you put some of this stuff in the paper or did you mostly save it for the book? We did. I, I think that dur along the way I found reporting the book a great help to my day job writing about congress for the New York Times.


I got a lot of daily stories out of book reporting, but you can also, you're doing interviews under embargo so people are willing to tell you things that they wouldn't tell you for the daily paper when you say this is not for use until March, 2025. So I think that criticism, I understand why it's made, but it's not really fair. A lot of stuff isn't available in real time and it's, and I think it's valuable to have it out eventually for history, for understanding the moment better, but it's just simply not available to use in real time. So would you rather have it never or would you rather have it later And the book is the later, so sometimes we would be able to peel off stuff and ask sources, is it okay if I use this now?


But it's up, the agreement when you do these interviews is that it's embargoed for the book and you can't really violate that agreement. Well I wanna talk about what's going on these days in the capitol. I mean your book deals with the two year period that ended I guess in January. But boy, a lot's happening right now and Democrats are trying to how, figure out how to deal with Donald Trump who is riding a wave and with his team trying to reshape government in a, in dramatic fashion. And there are real divisions within the Democratic party on what to do about it, how to handle it. You've written about how the Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer kind of has a take it all on approach, you know, respond to everything.


Whereas Hakeem Jeffries, the leader of the Democrats in the House, kind of picks his battle, I guess a difference in emphasis. I'm wondering what you are hearing from rank and file Democrats in Congress about this debate. Frustration. I think, you know, right now what's happening is Chuck Schumer has become the bogeyman of the Democratic Party among rank and file a house Democrats and among voters for just emotion and frustration at just wanting to do more, wanting to fight back. And this is because last week he voted with Republicans to stave off a government shutdown.


If Democrats had not joined Republicans in the Senate, we would be in a government shutdown right now. And Chuck Schumer has been defending this decision for the past week saying that would've been much, much worse. Elon Musk and Donald Trump wanted a shutdown. It would've allowed them to decide which programs are essential and not essential and therefore never bring them back. His example that he's been talking a lot about is snap food stamps. They could just say during a shutdown this is not essential and during a shutdown there's no court check, so that could just go away. So on the merits, there's a good argument there, it's understandable why he did what he did on the politics.


There was white hot anger at caving to Donald Trump one day. He said he was gonna stand up and be against it the next day he voted for it. So he's under a lot of pressure right now. I think the issue with that's going on right now is there was not a lot of explaining that a short-term government spending bill in March of 2025 is not the fight. People wanna know what is the fight, where are we gonna have an opportunity to stand up to Republicans? This looked like one of the few times when Democrats had a role to play and they caved. Chuck Schumer's been hammered by Nancy Pelosi. Jeffries has been not really supportive.


He was asked, do you have confidence in Schumer's leadership? And he said, next question. So it's, there's a lot of intensity right now between the House and the Senate. You've seen Bernie Sanders and a OC out there doing these huge rallies over the past few days. I mean they don't, we, it's not clear yet what Democrats are doing, but there's obviously such a huge deep desire to do more than their leaders are currently doing. And, and people feel that Schumer is out of step with the moment. You know, and he sat for us for the book and he told us these, these are his words, that once the Republican party removes the turd of Donald Trump, it will go back to being the old Republican party.


And he described Donald Trump as being sort of an evil sorcerer in his words that had sort of cast a spell over Republicans and Republican voters. And what we really discovered reporting this book out is that every member of the house Republicans that we talked to had embraced The MAGA movement and made it their own. It was not solely the function of Donald Trump anymore. And they had taken it in some, some instances even further to the right than where Donald Trump is with maga. And so, you know, our belief is having done all these interviews that MAGA will exist long after Donald Trump leaves the political scene.


Right. And there's plenty of evidence in stories you tell in the book that if people forget The MAGA base, they will pay for it. And so yes, it's not just Donald Trump, it's the people who have come to believe. Right. A lot another all these tes have, yeah. Another thing that's developed is it's not just Donald Trump. In fact, there's a whole right-wing ecosystem that does the work for him of threatening, of, of making you fall in line. He really doesn't need to anymore be the one to threaten you with a primary challenge if you don't vote the way he wants you to vote. There's Charlie Kirk and Steve Bannon and this whole ecosystem that knows the playbook and doesn't need direction. So it kind of just exists on its own now.


Yeah, two of the, I guess we could call them characters in the book were Steve Bannon and Russell Vote who now are wielding even more influence in the Trump administration. And we document in this book how they were able to sort of dictate how things were happening on Capitol Hill through their allies in the House Republicans and also through their influence, especially on Bannon's podcast, he was able to text directly with members and acted in some cases like a stage parent, sort of coaching them on how to approach certain situations to get the most MAGA outcome.


You know, people know of Steve Bannon, they may know he has a podcast, but it, it's a four hour daily podcast. Is this right? He's recording four hours every weekdays and two hours every weekend. And what he's really doing, hi, his recording studio is in his basement, which is about a stone's throw from the capitol and he allows these far right members that he agrees with to come on and he gives them a platform he get, they raise money there, like he asks like where do you send donations? He prompts them multiple times during an interview. He gives them a platform that allows them to circumvent usually how you gain power in Washington, which is through leadership, through like the leadership suites and lobbyists and, and mainstream media.


This circumvents that this is just directly to the base and he gives them this huge platform and there's just this like constant stream back and forth between Bannon's house and you know, the house floor. They just walked back and forth. He worked a lot closely with Matt Gates on Unseating, Kevin McCarthy. He was like a strategist and a stage parent. So that is a whole new ecosystem that's helping the far right members. We're gonna take another break here. Let me reintroduce you. We are speaking with Luke Broadwater and Annie Carney. Both are correspondents for the New York Times. Annie Carney covers Congress. Luke Broadwater covers the White House. Both of them were deeply involved in covering the last Congress and they have a new book about it.


It's called Mad House. How Donald Trump MAGA Mean Girls, A Former Used Car Salesman, a Florida Nepo Baby and a Man with Rats in His Walls Broke Congress. They'll be back to talk more after this short break. I'm Dave Davies and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel. It is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify is the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the Internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers. Go to shopify.com/npr to take your business to the next level today.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney plus follow Cassie and or as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is now streaming only on Disney plus.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station and everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg digital producer at Fresh Air And this is Terry Gross host of the show. One Of the things I do is write the weekly newsletter And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive.


It's a fun read. It's Also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So Subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning. You know, Annie Carney, you were saying that and, and I think you both mentioned this, that there were cases in the last Congress where there were Republicans who publicly towed The MAGA line and were good soldiers, but that privately had serious qualms about it. And I'm wondering if you are hearing privately from Republican members these days, whether they're worried about the cuts that the administration is making through Elon Musk and Doge and you know, honor the effect of tariffs.


Are they concerned about what this is gonna do to Republicans popularity? Yes, I mean vulnerable Republicans are very scared. My, our colleague Katie Edmondson did a profile of David Val, a very vulnerable member from California who, I mean a huge percentage of a state is on Medicaid. So this idea, this threat that they're going to cut Medicaid is very worrisome for some Republicans across the country. And we've seen some senators trying to support Doge in abstract but trying to defend against cuts in their state. So they're scared because the cuts in their state could lead to them losing their jobs.


We've also seen senators like Tom Tillis in North Carolina try and find a way not to support some of these most controversial cabinet nominees. Tom Tillis went to great lengths to try and find a way to vote against Pete Hegseth for defense secretary and ultimately it was too hard and he fell in line. Joni Ernst too is a of Iowa, she's a survivor of sexual assault, has a military background expressed concerns about Pete Hegseth and the right wing echo chamber threatened a primary challenge and she fell in line. So we've seen tiny attempts to break with the party line and those who want a political future who care about getting reelected eventually cave, there's not a lot of room for that right now, but certainly vulnerable Republicans are very concerned about potential Medicaid cuts that would be deeply unpopular with their voters.


I'm wondering how they feel about Elon Musk generally. I mean this, you know, he came in and you know, got ahold of the payment system and the Treasury department and was able to essentially, as he said it put a ID in the wood chipper, the, the Agency for International Development. How do they view his role? I mean it, it looks to me like they are embracing Elon Musk and his mission very much so. Each chamber has set up its own Doge caucus and they are trying to implement his cuts into their various spending plans. When he comes to Capitol Hill, he gave out his private cell phone number to members.


He has tried to court people individually and you know, he's posing for pictures. But Elon Musk, his polling is much lower than Donald Trump's. The public at large does not feel the same way they feel about Trump as they do with Elon Musk and Democrats, I believe are focusing in on him as perhaps their best target. He wasn't elected, he's extremely rich. They know that there's a lot of populous anger against the wealthy. And so if the richest man in the world who has all these contracts with the federal government is coming in, slashing the jobs of, you know, regular workers and there are, you know, federal workers not just in DC but all over the country, you know, you can see how that could be a potent political weapon for Democrats to wield.


Trump has a big agenda of tax cuts coming apart from all of, you know, all that he's doing to restructure the government. You know, he wants to make the tax cuts that were made in the the last administration permanent and that's probably gonna have a big impact on the deficit increasing it. How does that look to play in the Congress? I think that that is one of the very salient points that you've made. As Elon Musk and Doge are cutting small agencies and saving pennies on the dollar. The House Republicans are planning to extend these tax cuts and they're planning to raise the debt by $4 trillion. And so there's a bit of of discordant notes within the Republican party about how much they actually care about the debt because the bigger actions they're taking are going to increase the debt.


And you know, one could see, you know, dismantling the Department of Education and dismantling U-S-A-I-D and laying off probationary workers as you know, very, very small dollar figures compared to to the amount of debt that they're going to be increasing. And so, you know, I don't know how Republican voters process that. It seems that many care about the debt when it's under a Democrat but don't care when it's under a Republican. But this Congress is planning to raise the debt significantly. Let me reintroduce you again. We are speaking with Andy Carney and Luke Broadwater, both our correspondence for the New York Times.


Their new book about the last Congress is titled Mad House. We'll talk more after this short break. This is Fresh Air


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org


These days. There is a lot of news it can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR.


Keeping up with the news can feel like a 24 hour job. Luckily it is our job. Every hour on the NPR News Now podcast, we take the latest, most important stories happening and we package 'em into five minute episodes so you can easily squeeze them in between meetings And on your way to that thing, listen to the NPR News Now podcast. Now,


One of the reasons that the last Congress that you wrote about was so chaotic was that Republicans had a majority but a very narrow one and you had about 20 or so members who simply were gonna follow their own dictates and couldn't be persuaded by Kevin McCarthy or anybody else to do what the leadership wanted. Who, who were they? What were they after? So yeah, I mean that is the basic issue of the last Congress and this Congress is that when you have a tiny majority, any member can throw themselves in the mix and make themselves the deciding vote. And in the last Congress it gave this group of the 20 who are far right members outsized power.


And I think that one of the best examples of how further right the House house was than the country was was during those three weeks when they could not elect another speaker. One of the people going for it was Tom Emer. He's been in leadership for a long time, he's from Minnesota. He at some point when he was a state legislator, voted for same sex marriage when he was up running for Speaker of the House. This position was a non-starter for a lot of these deeply Christian Red State congressmen who got up and said to him, you don't need to get right with me, you need to get right with God and I can't support you for speaker if you took that vote.


Now this was like remarkable to me because this is a moment when like you can't get elected president. Like same sex marriage is broadly popular with Republicans and Democrats alike across the country. You couldn't be elected president by being anti-SIM sex marriage probably. But in the house which is pulled right by these small faction, you can't get elected speaker with that position. These people wielded outsized influence and they're socially conservative, they're fiscally conservative, they're mostly pro-Trump and that's who really kind of decided how the house functioned last year or more likely did not function. In our book, we document how Mike Johnson plotted his way to the speakership.


He likes to say it just sort of landed in his lap, but you don't become the most powerful person in Congress by accident or by just praying. He was strategizing from January about maybe there's a path for him and he and his very canny chief made it happen. But now his entire ticket to power is Trump and he has acted more like a junior member of the White House staff than as a leader of a co-equal branch of government. 'cause he has no power without Trump. The way he gets his members to fall in line on a bill he needs them to vote for is to say, well you don't agree, you're gonna have to call the president. Right. And he's done a complete 180 on on Ukraine.


I mean one of the things that you describe is when Biden was still in office and they wanted to get that military aid package for Ukraine. Done that Mike Johnson actually quite skillfully negotiated an arrangement where that he could make that happen. Yes, we, we wrote a lot about, there was a lot more behind the scenes going on of Johnson working secretly in a very, with the White House to get this done. Like The Biden White House, right? Yeah, The Biden White House. Right. Like he, his chief of staff would meet with a top Biden advisor late at night in a dog park in their neighborhood and trade paper folders because they didn't want anything in writing. They thought that if these hard right members got wind of what they were doing, it would fall apart.


So he was really working to get this deal done. He had been convinced by the intelligence that if Ukraine did not get financial support, Putin would steamroll across to Poland and then we would have to get involved in a war. And he made the case and he did finally bring a funding bill to the floor. At the time, this was seen as fairly remarkable in the same way that Pence, Mike Pence was remarkable in that you're not really doing anything particularly remarkable. You're literally doing your job, which was bring a bill to the floor and see if it has the votes to pass. But in a moment with the pressure on him, it seemed like he had actually stood up to the pressure. And at the time Marjorie Taylor Greene was threatening to oust him from his job because of this.


So he actually did, you know, at the time, make a hard decision which was I'm gonna potentially risk my job to do what I think is the right thing. And now we saw him at the State of the Union, I actually couldn't help but knowing from our reporting all that he had done to secure Ukraine funding, when Trump, during his address to the joint session was complaining about Ukraine funding, Johnson was shaking his head on the days behind him like, I can't believe this terrible, terrible. And now he, the only way he defends what he did last year is to say, I set the table for Trump to end this war, but it's a complete 180 to fall in line with Trump's position.


And In the book we take you Inside The room for a private one-on-one meeting between Marjorie Taylor Greene and Mike Johnson as she's trying to kick him out as speaker and he's trying to fund Ukraine. And the showdown between these two is pretty incredible. So I would encourage people when they get the book to, to read that chapter, He says to her, Marjorie, have you ever been to Europe? And she says No. And he says, have you ever served in the military? And she says No. And he says, but you expect me to take your word for this over our generals, four star generals, our guys Trump guys. And she says, well, the American people know and you would know if you weren't such a P word.


Right? Those guys are all in a deep state now. Yeah, She's, yes. I, I found this section of the book interesting where you described so many Republicans who are just leaving Congress, either not running for reelection or in some cases quitting midterm. Apart from the difficulty of living in a world where if if you don't fall in behind Trump, it's, it's awful. It just isn't a great gig really. Which is, is surprising, you know, because I mean look, this is, this is a dream come true. You're a member of this body that Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy served in. What, why was it a, why was it a bad, I mean, writing this book convinced me that being a member of Congress, maybe being a senator is a nicer gig. You're not always running for your reelection. A lot of them with their nice six year terms actually make a life in Washington and like can live with their children and have some semblance of a normal life.


But for these house members, it's a slog. First of all, there's the travel, I mean you were back and forth every week. Like if you live across the country, the jet lag and the travel is just crushing then there is, yeah. Not seeing your family, like a lot of people when they leave, it always sounds like kind of a cop out or not the real reason. If you say like, I wanna leave to spend more time with my family, but it's not actually like not a factor. We talked to one Brad Wintrop who left Congress last term and he said that like his 10-year-old son would tell his wife, like, it feels like dad doesn't even exist. So that takes a toll. We talked earlier about the physical violence and the threats has become huge.


I mean that these members are under constant threats of violence and they don't have protection. If they want protection, they have to pay for it themselves from their campaign accounts. Not to mention then you're doing all of this traveling and not having a regular family life and being threatened and, and then you're look at it and you're like, for what? When we're here, the house floor is frozen, we're not actually voting, we're sitting and taking 15 rounds. It took a week to elect a speaker. Like for what? So a lot of people just made the calculation like it's just not worth it anymore. And I mean, it's broken and I'm killing myself for nothing. I was also just surprised to read that a lot of members sleep don't rent apartments, they actually sleep in their offices and then shower in the, in the member's gym.


Well that's like a, I mean it saves money. The, you know, they don't, a lot of people can't have two residences and the office sleeping is a long time thing. It kind of got less popular during COVD and after the Me Too movement because it's an awkward thing to be like living in your office and having staffers walk in in the morning and you're like brushing your teeth. But it, but people still do it to save money. Yeah, It's kind of gross. But they, I mean they get paid $177,000, which I think to most people sounds like a lot of money. But DC it's extremely expensive to live in DC and then you have a family back home and probably a house or a mortgage or at least an apartment back home.


And so you have two residences and it just, it becomes very kind of untenable for, for them to deal on one salary unless you're, unless you're independently wealthy. Which many, which a Lot of them are. Yeah, A lot of the members of Congress and a lot of the senator are extremely wealthy. But if you're somebody like a OC Right, or somebody else who comes from Right. Smaller means it, it does become quite difficult to Also, I've spent a lot of time with some younger women, female members who just doing the job drives home every day for them that this was not created for me. Like this was a job that was originally created for like older, white, wealthy men. It was not like I spent some time with Marie Gamp Perez. She's from Washington State.


So like her commute is horrible. She has a toddler, she lives in the woods. Like every dime she's on that flight back to Washington leaving her kid. She's like, this job was not created with me in mind. So that's another factor of making these jobs just really, it takes a toll. Yeah. And to, if you wanna bring it back to current events there, I mean mean there's a bill right now to try to allow women who have recently given birth right, right. To to be able to vote remotely, which is currently disallowed under the right current Rules of Congress. That's a bill that's under active Consideration. You're trying, there's a bipartisan group who want maternity and paternity leave for new parents.


Annie Carney, Luke Broadwater, thank you so much for speaking with us. Thank you for having Us. Yeah, thanks so much. Annie Carney and Luke Broadwater are Washington correspondence for the New York Times. Their new book is Madhouse How Donald Trump MAGA Mean Girls. A Former Used Car Salesman, A floor of the Nepo baby and a man with Rats in His Walls Broke Congress. We recorded our conversation yesterday coming up, jazz historian Kevin Whitehead reviews a newly released recording of Ella Fitzgerald in concert. This is Fresh Air.


Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast every weekday we bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we are already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR


At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss and we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum from A quality standpoint is the best in the World to the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips. It's very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry About planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


Jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald's concert career in the 1960s is amply documented on record with live albums from Berlin, Rome, Los Angeles, Tokyo, Hamburg, Stockholm, and the French Riviera. Now comes a newly released concert of Ella in Oakland. Jazz historian, Kevin Whitehead says, it's all right, Don't you cry. Cloud in the sky should never Make you see That way.


The the Ella Fitzgerald 1967 with a gaggle of Duke Ellington's horn players on a tune she'd first recorded in the thirties. Don't be that way. It's from an Oakland Coliseum concert, newly issued as the moment of truth that momentous title suggests. It was made at some crucial juncture for Ella and not at one more All-Star Road show on which Ellington also appeared.


Although that series was coming to an end, the moment of Truth actually gets its name from her sets rather glib, opening tune, a sort of swinging call to the altar. There will come a time Winning Looks at you, your through and through and call your name. That'll be the Day when You say I do for you. Discover that you through tired of playing in a game and then you both know you are through. Oh promise me, starts ing in your ear Wake boy. You're not dreaming The Ellington horns again there playing.


What are two obviously not Ellington arrangements on their shared concerts. Duke often sat in on piano with Ella for a number, but he doesn't do so here. Duke loved her, but may have been pushing back against the high handed ways of concert promoter. Norman Grants. Ella had her own complaints about the pace of work on grants as European tours. By 1967, she was a showbiz star and could act the part razzing audience members who arrive late or leave early and injecting a sunny and Cher reference into the lyric to Cole Porter's. Let's do it still at age 50, Fitzgerald remained one of the greatest interpreters of American popular song and a great stage performer.


She'll go from one numbers extravagant ending directly into the next song's gentle opening verse instantly recalibrating. There's a very funny feeling that is feeling's been a steal through my brain is not too big. No, but to really tell the truth though I'm not a wellth, I Honestly believe That you are. You changed That sparkle in Your eyes.


Fitzgerald wasn't fine voice in 1967. She can get a little shouty on excitable passages. The glass shattering Ella, if you will, and she has to reach for a few low notes, but she does reach them. Her middle range is as luxurious as ever. A highlight of her Oakland show is her lone recording of a sixties pop song jazz singers took to right away Burt Brack and Hal David's Alfie, I believe in love. Alfie without true love would just exist.


Never Miss nothing, let you Ella Fitzgerald's. Alfie is so good it survives a short detour into and out of Dean Martin's. You're nobody tells somebody loves you. That isn't the only bizarre choice. Here she also sings the flyaway. If insidiously catchy advertising jingle music to watch Girls by Ella ends her set with a staple of her sixties act.


Mack the Knife where she like so many 20th century Americans from all walks of life, felt the call to imitate Singer Louis Armstrong's growling. Hello. Yes, look out there. Me and your both singing the same song as There is a whiff of Ellington feeling in the saxophone backgrounds there. But this music's not about the horn section. The Pivotal Ellington in here is Duke's longtime drummer, Sam Woodyard, who anchors Fitzgerald's Trio.


The album, the Moment of Truth. Ella at the Coliseum presents her 1967 Oakland said in concert order omitting only a couple of tunes she'd recorded with Duke the year before with her stage patter included. You get a good look at Ella Fitzgerald on the road, even if she wasn't at a crossroads Around. Watch that sound because they make the most connected size. They're making music to watch Girls by. The Girls Watch the Boys while the boys watch.


The Girls Who Watch The Boys Go By I Together, they convene to make the scene, which is the name of the game. Watch a guy, watch a name on every street in town, up and down and over and across. Romance is Girl Talk. It happens everywhere. I watch Keeping track.


Jazz historian Kevin Whitehead, reviewed the moment of Truth Ella at the Coliseum on Verb. Kevin is the author of New Dutch Swing. Why Jazz and Play the Way you feel on tomorrow's show In a new book, Amanda Knox shares the difficulty she faced after being convicted and later acquitted of killing her roommate during a study abroad program in Italy. She'll also talk about her journey to reclaim her identity from the notorious tabloid stories that defined her for years. I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews.


Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our managing producer is Sam Brier. Our interviews Ann Reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers and Marie Baldonado. Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly Seing Esper. Roberta s Schrock directs the show for Terry Gross, Antonia Mosley. I'm Dave Davies.


This message comes from stamps.com. stamps.com simplifies your postage needs and adds valuable time back into your workday so you have more flexibility to focus on what only you can do. Go to stamps.com and sign up with code NPR for a special offer.


I'm Jesse Thorn this week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late aged rapper with an 18-year-old daughter, She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur, so she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and n NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term, from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics Podcast.