NPR (0s):
99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts Free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR.

1 (24s):
This is Fresh Air. I'm Teri Gross. My guest, Jason Isabel, was described in Variety as the poet laureate of American Rock. The quibble I have with that is that I'm not exactly sure. I'd call it rock because there's country and folk music blended into many of his songs. Maybe the word Americana more suits him. He's won nine Americana Music Awards and six Grammys. His lyrics are as well written as a good poem or short story. They're often very personal. And that was especially true of his album Southeastern, which was released in 2013 and was his first album since getting sober. It's also true of his new album, Foxes in the Snow on which he sounds especially naked because it's solo.

1 (1m 5s):
His band, the 400 Unit sits this one out. It's just Isabelle and his guitar. Some of the songs are about the blame, anger, and guilt when a relationship ends and about the exhilaration of falling in love again. His ex-wife, Amanda Shires, is also a songwriter and singer and violinist who performed with Isabelle. She's written her own songs about the cracks in their relationship. They were in a 2023 documentary together called Running With Our Eyes Closed, which is about the making of Isabel's 2020 album reunions on which he played fiddle. The film also end up being about the tension in the marriage, which was exacerbated during the Covid lockdown when they spent more time together than they ever had.

1 (1m 47s):
Jason, Isabel got his professional start with the band that Drive by Truckers. Before we hear some of the relationship songs, let's start with a song that opens the album. I love this one. It's called Bury Me.

2 (1m 60s):
Bury Me Where the Wind Don't Blow, where the Dust Won't Cover Me, where the Tall Grass Grow or Bury Me Right where I fall, Tokyo to Tennessee. I love them all. See the windmills, turn up 55. Still got so much To learn, still feel like Lonely Girl is all I need to tie to this world.

2 (2m 40s):
Make me believe. Well, I ain't no cow, but I can ride and I ain't, no, I've been inside and there were bars, steel Boys, and there were bars ing and

3 (2m 59s):
Swinging doors for all the time between.

1 (3m 14s):
That was Bury Me from Jason Isabel's new album, Foxes in the Snow. Jason, Isabel, welcome back to Fresh Air. I love this album. Congratulations on it. And I love this song, and I hope I don't mangle this, but I wanna quote some of the lyric. This is the chorus. I ain't no cowboy, but I can ride. I ain't no outlaw, but I've been inside and there were bars of steel boys and there were bars to sing and there were bars with swinging doors for all the time between. That's so great because you're talking about a jail with bars of steel music, which has bars delineating each, each segment, you know, e each like four notes or whatever.

1 (3m 58s):
And bars were swinging doors. Those are like old western saloons that had those swinging doors and you were a drinker for years. So that's just, it's like, were you in jail too?

3 (4m 10s):
I have been to jail, yeah. Never for longer than a day and never for anything violent. But yeah, I have been

1 (4m 19s):
For drinking too much.

3 (4m 20s):
Yeah, just from drinking, drinking and, and yelling, hollering at people who were also drinking.

1 (4m 27s):
So you imagine you managed to incorporate some of your own story into this kind of cowboy song?

3 (4m 35s):
Yes, yes. But it's also, there are, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm attempting to work on different levels. Sometimes it's not necessarily an allegorical song, but there are pieces of this song that are, are directly about me, you know, and there are details that I pull from my own life and, and you know, there, there, the the swinging doors line. I mean, that could be, you know, I'm sitting here looking at a gate out the window right now, and that could also be gates. And, and there is at least one very, very famous set of gates when it comes to writing folk music. But you

1 (5m 11s):
Know, you mean by the gates of heaven?

3 (5m 12s):
I am indeed. Yeah. And a death song, you know, so it's, it's, it's the kind of thing where, you know, I sort of let my unconscious mind build these lyrical phrases and then I go back and, and shape them into something that not only sings and scans accurately, which is, this is a huge part of the process for me that I think sometimes people don't realize how much energy you spend just trying to get something to sing naturally.

1 (5m 41s):
Was death on your mind when you wrote this?

3 (5m 45s):
I don't know that death was on my mind anymore than, you know, life was on my mind. I mean, I, anytime I think about being grateful, you know, I think I call it my hillbilly brain, but it goes to the worst possible scenario in a lot of situations. So, you know, I, I spend a lot of time thinking about death, not in a, not in a sad or fearful way, but in a way that, you know, I think, well I have already done so many things and got to see so many things and that might not have necessarily been in the plans for me at the beginning. So I'm very, very grateful for the time that I have had. And, and I think the song deals with that among other things. There was a time, though, there was definitely a time early on after Amanda and I had split up, you know, when I was just, I was driving in the car and the radio wasn't on and I was alone and I just heard myself say out loud without realizing that I was saying, and I heard myself say, is this gonna kill me?

3 (6m 45s):
You know? And I didn't even know that I was, you know, didn't know that I was thinking that question, but I heard it bounce off the, the windshield. So yeah, I mean, it's, it's, it's a combination of both of those things. Everything is, is brief, it's so, so brief, but, but it's so beautiful.

1 (7m 6s):
I'm gonna tell you my dilemma as a listener, and I'll preface this by saying, I really love this album. So I first interviewed you in 2013 after Southeastern your first album since getting sober. And at that time you seemed so much in love with your wife, who I think, I think you were already married, Amanda, who's also a songwriter and singer and violinist. And then I interviewed her in 2022 when she had an album out that included a couple of songs about fractures in the relationship. And your new album includes songs about, you know, fractures in your relationship and ending a relationship, the pain of separating, the guilt of all of it, falling in love with someone new after and listening.

1 (7m 52s):
I sometimes think like, am I supposed to be taking sides here? Because I like her songs, I like your songs. I can see both sides, you know, it's kind of like friends of yours are breaking up and you're supposed to choose to like, who stays your friend afterwards, you know? And then I thought like, no, that's not what I, what I wanna do. What I wanna do is really enjoy both of your songs and appreciate each point of view and know that there's things in each of those points of view that I identify with. So I wanna talk with you about writing these songs, but I also don't wanna trespass on your privacy. So let's find a way to talk about it without getting too personal and making anyone uncomfortable.

3 (8m 37s):
We need an audio intimacy coordinator. Yeah,

1 (8m 42s):
I love that idea. Start something new. So I guess the first thing I'm wondering is like, if you write a song that is cr critical of the person who'd been married to and who's the mother of your daughter, do you feel guilty about it? Like, how do, do you, do you fear? Is there a form of self-censorship that comes in? 'cause you don't wanna hurt the other person, or do you just write what you wanna write? And I think this is something that particularly memoirists run into all the time.

3 (9m 17s):
Well, where, where, where am I being critical?

1 (9m 21s):
The song I'm about to play, for example. Yeah, yeah. Which is gravel weed. I was a gravel weed and I needed you to raise me. I'm sorry. The day came when I felt I was raised. So it's kind of like you needed her to help you get through a period and now like, you don't need her anymore 'cause you got through it.

3 (9m 44s):
Well, now I didn't say, I'm sorry. The day came when I was raised, I said, I'm sorry, the day came when I felt like I was

1 (9m 52s):
Raised. That's true. You you say, when I felt I was raised, yes. Yeah.

3 (9m 55s):
Right. And then the next chorus I say, and you couldn't reach me when I felt like I was raised.

1 (10m 2s):
Right.

3 (10m 3s):
Okay. Yeah. So I'm still looking for the critical part.

1 (10m 6s):
So you think you're being self-critical?

3 (10m 9s):
This is, this is not my job. You see, my job is to write the songs, but it's in there. Right? If you look close enough, it's, your answers are all in there. I think that I'm always being self-critical. I think I'm being as honest as I can be. And I think I am forcing myself to work at a higher level in some ways than I have worked before. Not necessarily in the part where it's, you know, it's, it's glitter and dust and look what I can do. Look at the phrases I can turn, but in a way, let's see how much I can show people and still be neutral and still be an observer in my own life.

3 (10m 50s):
And it's there. If I've slipped, let me know because I think it's there.

1 (10m 54s):
So let's play the song and I'll say, I'm from Brooklyn and I had to look up what a gravel weed was.

3 (11m 1s):
It's like the tree, the crack in the sidewalk, you know?

1 (11m 4s):
Well, I looked it up and it, it looks like it grows really tall with flowers.

3 (11m 9s):
It does, yeah.

1 (11m 10s):
In the part of the country where you're from, which is Alabama.

3 (11m 14s):
But it is, it's, it's as Amanda and her dad would say, it's a trash plant.

1 (11m 19s):
Right? Okay.

3 (11m 22s):
Her dad's a flo, a florist, or not a florist, but a, he grows commercial flowers. And so they would call it a trash plant.

1 (11m 28s):
Alright, so

3 (11m 29s):
Not me. That's not a metaphor. Yeah. We're not doing the job right now. We're just talking right now. Okay. The, the gravel weed itself would be the kind of plant that you would pull. You know, you would pull it up out of the gravel so your gravel would look nice and neat. And most people would do that. Some people would say, wow, that grows very tall and grows flowers if you let it grow.

1 (11m 51s):
Alright, let's hear the actual song written and performed by my guest Jason Isbell.

2 (12m 2s):
I wish that I could be angry. I wish I didn't understand. I said the skin was like water. You flow right through my hands. Is there love? It's not crazy. Is there life? It's not alive. All I know is I had to go, you know why? I was a we and I needed you to raise me

4 (12m 36s):
And

2 (12m 37s):
You couldn't reach me once I felt like I was raised. And now that I live to see my, the love songs mean different today.

1 (13m 2s):
That's Jason Isabel Gravel Weed from his new album, which is called Foxes in the Snow. I wanna quote another line from there, which is, but now I've lived to see my melodies betray me. I'm sorry. The Love Songs All Mean Different Things today. Can you talk about that a little bit? Having written love songs about one person and then written inspired, I think by the same relationship songs about the relationship ending. How do those old love songs sound to you now? And do you still play them? Can you still play Cover Me Up, for instance?

3 (13m 36s):
I can, yeah. Yeah. And the old songs, they mean different things to me now because I have hindsight, you know, and, and the emotions that I'm feeling now when I'm playing those songs, they're not the same as they were when I wrote 'em, you know, they're, they're certainly not that sort of obsession. There's more nostalgia for the person that I was when I felt that way. And there's also a document of love that I had for someone, and I feel like that was reciprocated at the time. And, you know, I mean, that's, that's just art, you know, that that's our lives change.

3 (14m 16s):
And the hard part for me is not writing about it. The hard part is, is is making the decisions that lead me to peace. That's very, very difficult. But I'm not just gonna whine for the rest of my life. I have been given too much already for that.

1 (14m 36s):
So many love songs and break up songs have been written in every genre for centuries. How do you find new things to say, new words to use in a love song? I mean, IRA Gers even wrote a lyric, what can you say in a love song that's never been said before,

3 (14m 53s):
Which is a beautiful lyric. That's one way to do it. You know, what I try to do is closely document my own experience, even though I think my audience might not recognize themselves in this story. Usually what winds up happening is I come up with something that I might not be saying a new thing. I might not, you know, everybody's looking at the moon, but we're all looking at it from a different spot. And so I'm trying to say, instead of, this is what the moon looks like, I'm trying to say, this is what the moon looks like from right here. And you know, it also, you don't have to say anything new to tell you the truth.

3 (15m 34s):
You don't, you, you, you, you, you can combine words and, and melodies in a way that sounds familiar. I think my, my rule is, as long as you don't know who you're ripping off before the song comes out and you're okay,

1 (15m 49s):
I wanna play another track from your new album. And this is called True Believer. And do you wanna say anything about writing this song before we hear it? This is another relationship song, another breaking up or broken up kind of song.

3 (16m 4s):
No, I like the melody and the chorus on this one. This is one where I, I, my daughter Mercy, she's nine, she likes to listen to the pop hits of the day on her way to school and back home. And, and so I've been listening to a lot of the current pop hits and, and thought, man, I need to write this big huge melody to go with this really sad song. So I like that melody a lot.

1 (16m 27s):
Yeah, well, I did too, so thank you. So this is True Believer,

2 (16m 45s):
Take your hand off my knee. Take your foot off my neck. Why y'all examining me like I'm a murder suspect? If I got a little loose, I just forgot to be afraid. And I started out a true believer, babe, a lot of dangerous memories, a lot of bars in this town, oh, to have loved and lost and then still stuck around.

2 (17m 26s):
But I heard God in the rhyme and I crawled out the, and I guess I'm, oh, your girlfriend say, I broke your, and I don't like, it's a letter. I don't, well, I finally a match and I have to let it.

1 (18m 9s):
So that's Jason Isabel from his new album, Foxes in the Snow. The song is called True Believer. You had asked me earlier, like, give me an example of a line where I sound critical of my ex or of an ex. So from the song we just heard two separate lines, take your hand off my knee, take your foot off my neck. And then all your girlfriends say, I broke your bleeping heart. And I don't like it. There's a letter on the nightstand. I don't think I'll ever read it. So that sounds, it sounds angry and you sing it angry.

3 (18m 45s):
Okay. But those first two lines keep going. That when you said, take your hand off my knee, take your foot off my neck. What's the

1 (18m 51s):
Next, we you get to, I finally found a imagining that no, what's the next line? And you're dar me, I'm trying to remember what the next line

3 (18m 56s):
Is. It's, why are y'all examining me like I'm a murder suspect?

1 (19m 1s):
Oh yes. Right.

3 (19m 2s):
Y'all would be the plural. So the person who's being addressed is not a single person, so there's no criticism of a single person in that line. The second one,

1 (19m 13s):
Bitch, take your hand off my knee and your foot off my neck. I, I love these songs. So I I'm not criticizing you or the song, I'm just wondering like what it's like to write songs that are critical of somebody you've been so close to, or at least seem to be about that.

3 (19m 29s):
Well, I appreciate, I very much appreciate it, but, but, and I know that you're not, and I, and I don't mean to be sounding argumentative. I'm, I'm, I'm trying to show the trick a little bit. I think the closer you pay attention to this record, the more gracious the lyric becomes. I think time has a way of making us feel that way about each other after something like a breakup. I think perspective empathy for the other person starts to sink in as time passes.

3 (20m 9s):
I was hoping that that's how it would work with the lyrics on this record, because it sounds accusatory, it sounds angry. And then you go back and think, well, who's he accusing and who's he angry at? And I think, unless I'm wrong, I think in every situation, the closer you look, the more it becomes obvious that the record's about growing and changing as, as me, myself, and not about accusing Amanda or, or any other individual person. I'm trying to push myself. And I'm, I'm trying to work in a different way than how I've worked in the past.

1 (20m 47s):
So let me reintroduce you here. If you're just joining us, my guest is Jason Isabel. His new album is called Foxes in the Snow. We'll be back from warm music and conversation after a break. I'm Terry Gross, and This is Fresh Air.

2 (21m 2s):
Everything's green right now, Tennessee at the end of June, you get a day to come down. We'll ride a Roberts in the afternoon. Before the room gets packed, we'll claim a table at the upstairs bar, count the Cowboy.

Shopify (21m 28s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, no idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a Garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.

Disney (21m 47s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney plus follow Cassian and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity. Season two of Andor is now streaming only on Disney plus.

5 (22m 17s):
NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit protect by public media.org

7 (22m 39s):
At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR.

1 (22m 58s):
I wanna ask you about your early life. You grew up in two churches. Your father was part of the Pentecostal Church, your grandfather was a preacher in the church, your mother was with the Church of Christ in the Pentecostal Church. When you were growing up, the church you went to had like instruments and sounds like there were maybe electrified instruments.

2 (23m 18s):
Yeah, there were, yeah, there were big like PV amps and a and drum set and all that kind of stuff.

1 (23m 23s):
Okay. Whereas in your mother's church, church of Christ instruments weren't allowed. It was just singing. So how could you be sure, which was like the true Christian approach when you were growing up with two opposite, opposite approaches to music and you started playing music like when you were six, when you got a mandolin. So like you are really deeply involved with music and one church says instruments are wrong in church. They do not belong in this holy place. And the other says, turn up the amp.

3 (23m 51s):
I feel like that is, the question is still above my pay grade. You know, I just liked both of them. And, and I, I think I preferred the one with the loud amps to tell you the truth. But there was one moment where I'd gone to my, my dad's family's church a couple, couple Sundays, and they spoke in tongues. When it was time to pray, everyone in the church, they started praying all at the same time out loud in what they considered to be a, a spiritually motivated language. You know, not really, I think, I think chances are they were just kind of making it up, but it was sort of gibberish. But they spoke in tongues. And then when I went to my mom's church, the Church of Christ, most people in the congregation did not speak at all.

3 (24m 38s):
Usually just the preacher or a few people who were designated to speak. So when it came time to pray, the the, the preacher would do the praying and occasionally you would hear kind of a quiet amen from somebody in the congregation. But, but I got him confused and I was, I don't know, probably four years old. And when it came time to pray in the, in my mom's Church of Christ church, I just dropped down to my knees and started yelling and gibberish and oh, my mom grabbed me by the back of the neck, like, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, be quiet. You know, it was a very embarrassing moment for her. I still don't know which one's right. You know, I kind of hope it's neither of 'em at this point in my life, but musically, I, I was very, very fortunate, very fortunate because my family were all very musical people.

3 (25m 25s):
My parents didn't play any instruments, but everybody else in the family did. And that's sort of how we all bonded.

1 (25m 33s):
There's a song from an earlier album, the song's called White Beretta. And I just wanna quote a couple of the lines in it. You, you're right. I was, and I don't know if this is autobiographical, but you're right, I was raised in the blood and we were all saved before we even left home. And there's a line, I thank God you weren't brought up like me with all that shame and certainty. So, you know, we often talk about the shame instilled in us by some religions and, but I want you to talk about the certainty, the certainty that you were brought up with, that you may be later rejected.

3 (26m 9s):
Yeah, I don't, I don't know that I needed it as much as my parents and grandparents and great grandparents needed it. I think for them there's very little reward in this world. And to keep them going, probably survival instinct to keep them on the straight and narrow they needed to store up their reward in the next life or, you know, in heaven. For me, I'm very, I'm very lucky. I have been able to do the thing that I love the most every single day. And I've been rewarded for it in a way that sometimes seems ridiculous.

3 (26m 49s):
So I don't know that I have the same needs that they had, but they had to have a certainty of heaven and a certainty of hail. And, and you, you know, if we keep our wits about us treat each other well, be honest, do the right things according to the scripture, then we'll go to heaven and we'll get our reward. And if we don't, then we'll go to hail and we'll get the exact opposite of a reward. I think what really started crumbling the cookie for me was, you know, hell just seemed just way worse than it should have been. Like, it, it didn't have to be that bad. It was like the fire was like seven times hotter and the pitchforks and the constant torture.

3 (27m 32s):
And it's just really hard for me to believe, you know, that for stealing a pair of sunglasses or, you know, I don't know, kissing your buddy's girlfriend that you were gonna, you know, go to actual hail. So I started, maybe this is not all literal and then, then everything just sort of fell apart as far as organized, structured biblical religion for me.

1 (27m 57s):
So you were taught to read the Bible, literally. And I know that there was a period, and I, I don't know how old you were when, when you were doing this, you assigned yourself to read a pa passage from the Bible every night. What was that about? Why were you doing that?

3 (28m 11s):
That was about obsessive compulsive disorder. That's what that was about. Yeah. That was so I didn't die in my sleep. And it worked. It worked.

1 (28m 25s):
So what, what made you think that that's what you needed to do to protect yourself?

3 (28m 30s):
Hmm. That's a really good question. What made me think that? Chemicals in my brain, maybe trauma from, you know, growing up in rural Alabama with really young parents. For some reason I thought that someone was looking out for me, but I also was very afraid of that God. And had taught to be very afraid of my grandfather anytime when I was little. I remember being two years old, three years old, asking him, you know, what are you afraid of? 'cause he seemed like the strong, he looked like Clint Eastwood, he seemed like the toughest dude that had ever lived. And I said, what are you afraid of? And he was, the only thing I'm afraid of is God. That's all I'm afraid of. And I remember thinking, well, God must be pretty scary then.

3 (29m 11s):
And so I think I was sort of bartering with the man upstairs as a child, you know, every night thinking, well, he's not gonna let me die if I'm the best Bible reader there is among 6-year-old children in the state of Alabama for tough competition. Turns out.

1 (29m 28s):
Well, let's take another short break here and then we'll talk some more if you're just joining us. My guest is songwriter, singer and guitarist Jason Isabel. His new album is called Foxes in the Snow. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air. Do you remember when discovering

9 (29m 41s):
A, a new artist felt like finding buried treasure at all songs considered NPR R'S Music Recommendation podcast. We put that kind of magic back into discovering new tracks. We're here to make the hunt for new music, easy, delivering you the cream of the crop from every genre. We'll help you make music feel fun again, only on all songs considered from NPR.

10 (30m 4s):
I'm Jesse Thorn this week on Bullseye Fat Joe. On being a late middle aged rapper with an 18-year-old daughter,

11 (30m 11s):
She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now, you going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy.

10 (30m 21s):
That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR,

12 (30m 27s):
Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.

1 (30m 50s):
I wanna play another track from the new album, and this is called Crimson and Clay. And I know you say you don't think about what you're going to do before you start writing a song. You just sit down and start writing it. Nevertheless, I'm gonna ask to you, is there anything you wanna say to introduce the song and what inspired it?

3 (31m 9s):
This one, it, this happens to me a lot. Maybe I should sit down before I write the song and make a plan because sometimes I'll think, well, I think I think I'm gonna write a love song to my hometown or to the place where I grew up. And then usually third or fourth verse, I I, the, the, the difficult stuff finds its way in. And I think, well, if I'm gonna be honest, I'm gonna have to be honest. And and that's kind of how this song went. We were going just fine early on. And then, then you get to that, that bridge, that third verse, it's like, oh boy, outta nowhere comes the tough stuff.

1 (31m 45s):
You wanna quote that part?

3 (31m 46s):
Oh, let's see, where does it start? It starts, so when is

1 (31m 50s):
That the part with the little noose?

3 (31m 51s):
Yeah, there's a little noose in a locker. When I was in school, there was a girl who was living in the Christian children's home, just a few, couple miles away from my high school and a black girl. And almost everyone in our school, K through 12, we were all white kids and you know, redneck like poor white people. And this little girl came to school from the Christian children's home and, and there was, I think somebody hung a noose or drew a picture of a noose and put it in her locker and she changed schools, went somewhere else after that.

3 (32m 33s):
And then there was a, we had a couple teachers who were black and, you know, their, their children came to that school but didn't wind up graduating something, something happened, you know, and I'm not sure the details, but they just all sort of moved away and went somewhere else. And, and, and so that was, that was the, the picture in my mind when I was working on the bridge of that song.

1 (32m 57s):
There's also crosses on the wall someplace in the song there's rebel flags,

3 (33m 3s):
Rebel flags on the highway and wooden crosses on the wall.

1 (33m 7s):
So I, I assume the wooden crosses were Christian crosses, but I was wondering, were they clan crosses?

2 (33m 12s):
No,

3 (33m 12s):
No, they were on the wall. I mean, it's the same cross, Terry.

1 (33m 15s):
Yeah, that's true.

3 (33m 18s):
It's the same cross.

1 (33m 19s):
Well, I'll tell you what, why don't we hear the song and then we can talk about it more after we hear it. So this is Crimson and Clay from Jason Isbell's new album, Foxes in the Snow.

2 (33m 32s):
I got a little bold action my ninth birthday and I can flip a seal on a dollar from a hundred yards away, 1911 under my floor, man. And one day it just occurred to me, I got no use for that. Guess the city didn't kill me after all saying nearly took me out, was loneliness and alcohol. And I just put it down and walked away, crawled back to the crimson in the see the moon in the morning, anticipate lick the spoon, the kitchen ass crying in the hall.

2 (34m 45s):
Rebel flags on the highway wouldn't cross is on. Yes, the small town didn't suit me after all. Still so many lonely kids surrounded by the rest of y'all. And I can't seem to keep myself away. I head back to the crimson and the clay

1 (35m 16s):
Now was crimson and Clay from my guest Jason Isabel's new solo album Foxes in the Snow. You know, I love how the chorus keeps going. Like guess the highway didn't kill me after all. Guess the city didn't kill me after all. And then guess a small town didn't suit me after all. I wanna ask you about the highway. You know, I guess the highway didn't kill me after all. And the next line is, well, I thought I was a goner in that trail of fire in Arkansas. If that is at all autobiographical. What happened?

3 (35m 49s):
Oh, there. Well, so we used to have a, a pull behind, a very small pull behind trailer that went behind the van and the, the cap, sort of like a hubcap, I guess it is a hubcap. It would sometimes come off and all of the grease from inside the, the axle on the trailer would, would shoot out onto the highway and the trailer would catch on fire. I don't know how many times that trailer caught on fire more than once as we were going down the road. And people would pull up beside us and roll the window down and be waving and shouting and yelling and, you know, we'd be too tired or too stoned to realize what they were saying for a few minutes and then look in the rear view mirror.

3 (36m 31s):
And sure enough it was flames coming out of the wheels of the trailer. Yeah. So tho that really happened.

1 (36m 38s):
Was it with your parents?

3 (36m 39s):
No, no, no. This was with my rock and roll band.

1 (36m 41s):
Oh. 'cause I know, didn't you live in a trailer for a while with

3 (36m 44s):
Your parents? Yes, yes. Different kind of trailer though. This was Right. Okay. That was, yeah, that was a house trailer. But this was a, a pull behind trailer with their equipment in it as

1 (36m 53s):
Did you find that terrifying? I'd be terrifying.

3 (36m 57s):
Yeah. I mean, I don't know about ta we were pretty feral and at that point

1 (37m 5s):
I'm probably pretty drunk. Yeah,

3 (37m 6s):
Pretty drunk or hung over enough to basically be drunk or stoned or, you know, I don't know. That fear kicked in for us the way it probably should have in those days. And there were a lot of situations where, you know, we came very close to, to death and, and you know, we were just layers and layers of exhausted. And for some stupid reason kept on going and kept on working until we got to a point to where, you know, we could lay down and, and, and, you know, go to the bathroom on the bus and buy some groceries and put 'em in the fridge and hear ourselves on stage. And then people start showing up and more people start showing up and finally, you know, you you're looking for different challenges.

3 (37m 51s):
But back in those days we just put our nose down and ran at the wall.

1 (37m 55s):
So I'm assuming that was in your early days of performing with the Drive by Truckers as opposed to with your, your current band?

3 (38m 1s):
Oh, it was with the, with the Truckers and then with my current band again. Because when I, when I got fired from the truckers, I had to go back in the van.

1 (38m 9s):
When the truckers fired you, because you were so drunk and I guess un undisciplined, what message did you take away from that?

3 (38m 20s):
That, that they were being unfair to me and that they were jealous. That was the message, that was the message I took away for a long time. And then I came around and understood that I needed to get my ass in gear and honor the gift of being able to make music and be kinder to people and take better care of myself. And, you know, since then, I mean, I've reconnected with them. I consider them to be very good friends and, you know, I talk to Patterson all the time.

3 (39m 2s):
But, but yeah, at the time, IIII took away from it that they're jealous and, and mean.

1 (39m 10s):
Let's take another short break here and then we'll talk some more if you're just joining us, my guest is songwriter singer and guitarist Jason Isabel. His new album is called Foxes in the Snow. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air

Wild Card Podcast (39m 22s):
On this week's Wild card podcast. Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried in yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean, I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where cards control the conversation

Throughline (39m 48s):
On the next through line from NPR For the presidency. I'm indebted to almighty God, I'm in charge of the country and I need to serve all the American people and not just the political machine. The origins of the modern civil service listen to through line, wherever you get your podcasts.

The NPR Politics Podcast (40m 11s):
Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast,

1 (40m 33s):
You've been sober for around 15 years or more,

3 (40m 36s):
Right? 13 years. I just got my 13th tick mark tattoo. I do 'em on my on right forearm.

1 (40m 44s):
How is sobriety different now than it was in the early years of sobriety?

3 (40m 50s):
It's not as sneaky or at least not as quick. It's still sneaky, but it's not as quick. You know, there's the, the, the alcohol, the br, all all those things. I think what's really changed is my ability to recognize the addiction speaking to me and my ability and motivation to share those feelings with people that I'm close to. Early on, I was in my, in my recovery process early on I was embarrassed that I'd ever been an alcoholic to begin with. And if I wanted a drink, I just sat there and wanted a drink and I didn't have one and I didn't say a word.

3 (41m 30s):
And now if it gets anywhere near me, if I start thinking, you know, how wouldn't, wouldn't it be nice to turn these feelings off for a little while, clock out for a minute. I'll tell somebody, I'll tell somebody that I know cares about me. And that's gotten easier just like anything else. You practice it and it gets easier. You know, the last year has been tough on me emotionally. I know it's been hard on a lot of people for a lot of reasons, but I'm very grateful for the fact that I don't mind talking about it. I think that's what's kept me sober for all these years.

1 (42m 9s):
Well, this leads us right into a song and it's, it's from an earlier album and the song is, it gets easier, but it never gets easy. And it's a song about, you know, staying sober. Do you wanna say anything about writing it?

3 (42m 24s):
You know, it's, it's, it's, you think it's hard to write a love song, try writing a damn recovery song and not sounding like a bumper sticker. Yeah, that's very hard. But you gotta be personal, you know, and you gotta be very small and you know, like when I say last night I dreamed that I'd been drinking, you know, I didn't say last night I dreamed that I was drinking. And that's never how it worked for me. The dream would always be I had just taken a drink and then I would sort of come to in the dream and think, whoa, what did I just do? Why is there an empty glass in my hand? Why am I feeling intoxicated? You know, I never got to enjoy the drink.

3 (43m 5s):
It was always just, you just had a drink. Welcome to this nightmare. You know? So I worked hard on that song to make sure that, like, like I was talking about earlier, it makes sure that it scans right, that it sounds conversational, that it doesn't sound forced, like you're jamming syllables in where they don't belong. And if you can do that, you'll cut out a whole lot of your potential for cliche because it's, it, you can accept a cliche when I'm just saying it to you. If I say there's no bigger cliche than I love you, but if I say it and I mean it and it sounds natural, then you're not gonna think, oh, what a cliche. You know, it works that way in songs too.

3 (43m 45s):
If you can, you can use lyrics and phrases and subject matter that have been covered so many times in the past, but if you get it to sing just right, then people forget they're listening to a song at all.

1 (44m 0s):
So we we're unfortunately out of time, I wanna end with some music I've picked all the music for, for this interview. So it's your turn. I I want you to pick something to end with.

3 (44m 12s):
Let's see, let's play Eileen. Have we played Eileen?

1 (44m 16s):
No, we haven't. And I was thinking of that too. I really love that one.

3 (44m 19s):
Let's play, let's play Eileen. I think there's some really good turns of phrase in that song and it's lower in, in my vocal register than anything I've ever sang before. A little over a year ago, I lost my voice and I think part of this was probably psychosomatic, but also I had just been yelling for 30 years and never really learned how to sing. And, and when my voice went out, I had this really traumatic experience where I was singing a Bon Jovi song at the Music Cares tribute to John Bon Jovi. And I, you know, I know if you know this, but Bon Jovi songs are not easy to sing. And I look down and there sits John with Bruce Springsteen and Paul McCartney, and they're all sitting right in front of me and the, they start counting off the song.

3 (45m 8s):
And I know without a shadow of a doubt that I'm not gonna do a good job. And I didn't, you know, and, and it didn't kill me. And I started taking vocal lessons and got an ENT and, and learned how to sing over the course of the next year. And so not only can I sing higher than I used to, but I can sing lower too. And Eileen is a, is a really low key for me.

1 (45m 37s):
Do you feel like you've found a trap door in your throat that you could sing through without destroying your vocal chords?

2 (45m 44s):
Yes. Yes. Have, have

3 (45m 45s):
You ever had vocal lessons? 'cause that's exactly how it feels.

1 (45m 48s):
I, I have, and I wish I could say that I can really sing now, but, you know, I just s sing for myself and don't disturb others with, even my cat gets angry when you sing.

3 (45m 60s):
Well, cats kind of stay angry, you know? But, but yes, it does, it, it, the technique of it, it used to be so much work and I would get so much fatigue from night to night and yeah, now I'm, I'm very, very happy. And, and being able To learn something that's just so important to my work and to my life, you know, in my mid forties is, is, is a pretty wonderful thing.

1 (46m 26s):
Well, it's a gift to us, your fans, if you can keep singing. So that's great. Thank you. So we'll end with Eileen, but first I wanna thank you so much for talking with us. It's really been a pleasure to have you back on the show and thanks for the new album,

3 (46m 39s):
Terry. Thank you. You truly are an American treasure. I'm always a little bit nervous to talk to you because I know how smart you are and how much I enjoy listening to your show. And it's, it's an honor for me.

1 (46m 51s):
That means so much to me. Thank you so much.

2 (46m 54s):
Start it out like it always starts, try to hold the hunger back. You don't anticipate a broken heart, can't see nothing but the track. A diamonde and a Bowery Bear kicked your shoes across the floor. You regret the things that went onset, or have you heard it all before? You shoulda seen this coming sooner by all my days.

2 (47m 37s):
You thought the truth was just a rumor that

1 (47m 46s):
Jason Isabel's new album is called Foxes in the Snow to find out what's happening behind the scenes of our show and get our producers recommendations for what to watch, read, and listen to. Subscribe to our free newsletter@wy.org slash Fresh Air. Our interviews and reviews are produced in, edited by Phyllis Roberta Schrock and Medona, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Chalen, Anna Bauman, and Joel Wolfram. Susan Yadi directed today's show. Our co-host is Tanya Mosley. I'm Teri Gross

Planet Money (48m 20s):
At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum from A quality standpoint is the best in the World. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips. It's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry about Planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.

State of the World (48m 46s):
Wanna know what's happening in the world. Listen to the State of the World podcast every weekday, we bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we're already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR.