
Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels with over 300 independent hotels around the world, each exactly like nothing else. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of hotel brands. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley Comic and actor Jenny Slate's. Recent comedy special seasoned professional centers on her experiences of getting married, pregnant, and the pain and joys of giving birth. Her new book of essays life form cover some of the same ground, but critic Thomas Floyd of the Washington Post writes of the book that Slate wield Dream Logic and other devices to unpack the same experience in surrealist fashion. In her earlier Netflix comedy, special stage fright slate describes growing up in a house her family believed was haunted. Jenny Slate is also a prolific voice actor. She co-wrote and starred in the Oscar nominated animated film, Marcel The Shell with Shoes on, adapted from the web series that she co-created.


She's also done voice work for animated movies and TV shows like Bob's Burgers Big Mouth, the Lego Batman movie, the Secret Life of Pets and Zootopia. She played a laundromat customer and everything everywhere, all at once. And even though she was on just a few episodes of Parks and Recreation, many people know her for her role as Mona Lisa Saperstein. Terry Gross spoke with Jenny Slate back in March. Let's start with a clip of her recent comedy, special season professional here. She's talking about giving birth to her daughter. I had a baby. I'm not trying to skirt the issue or like deny it. Like I, I did it. I I did it.


She's there. But like, it does still feel like I'm like, it wasn't me. Like I did it. Like I, it's hard to wrap my mind around it. And like, I was pregnant for a long time and I understood that I was, but like, even on the way to the hospital when my body was like really hurting and stuff was starting to leak out, I was just like, kind of feels like someone's gonna sub in here though. Like, it's just such an extreme experience that I just, I just was like, I don't know, it just doesn't feel like something I would do, you know?


Like, would I knock on someone's door after four dates at 2:00 AM and be like, I just need to tell you I'm in love with you. Like, yeah, extreme stuff, I've done it, but like this, I was like, I don't know, it just doesn't seem like what she would do. And like, anytime something's been hard or I haven't won, do it. Like I've, I've always just been able to quit or be fired. It just, so, it just felt like, I just don't feel like this was meant to be sent. Like, I wanted to have the baby, but I was like, did you mean for me to do this though? Like, Jenny Slate, welcome back to Fresh Air. That clip is so funny. Thank you. So I'm wondering, you know, I said that in your twenties you felt like an imposter adult.


Now that you're a mother, do you feel like a genuine, actual, real adult? Well, I, I guess so, but I, I think I've also started to understand that that definition is like really rather subjective or it doesn't mean one thing, but, you know, do I feel capable? Do I feel like I'm supposed to be here doing what I'm doing? Yeah, I do, but I still have the same personality that I've always had. And that's rather, it's kind of a stunner, I guess. Who did you expect to be after you became a mother? It's So strange, but it's like, I, I do say to my husband sometimes, like, when is Ida our daughter?


Is she gonna have a moment where she's like, oh, it's, I'm calling her mom, but like, this is Jenny, you know, it's just Jenny. It's like, I think I thought maybe some, I mean, I think the good thing is that my, my cheaper vanities have kind of fried off in the exhaustion and, and also the thing like seeing, you know, connecting with things that are really, really meaningful in parenting. And, but I think I just thought maybe I would be calmer or be given info that I definitely have not been given. I have to keep finding it. You know, you say and you're special that, you know, people think my feelings are too much and no one wants to deal with them.


What Kind of feelings do you think are perceived as too much Being very sensitive? Let's see it. Yeah, it's, it's hard to think about it now, but I think because when I say it out loud, there's a part of me that's like, no, you are good. You know, but, but the fact is that it's, yeah, sensitivity, insecurity. But I think the main one is maybe not a feeling, but a behavior. And it's the like constantly checking to see if the other person, how they're perceiving a situation or like, what does your face mean?


Why are you making that face? It seems today that you have like a micro, a tiny micro bad mood. What's it about? What's gonna happen? Why is it there? Is it, is it gonna lead to something worse? Is there something you're not sharing? Why aren't you sharing it? Is it because you're afraid that I can't take it? Is it 'cause you think I'm not a strong person? Do you secretly not like being around me? Am I stressful? You know, and then that's very stressful. Yes, Yes, yes, Yes. I know. Is that just all happening in your head or you're actually asking these questions to the other person? There's very little that happens in my head that's not going directly into my husband's face. And, but I also think that I've learned to be respectful about, about that. And, you know, there are some things that are har harder for me to tolerate.


Like I see one flash of a thing and I'm like, what is that? You need to talk about it with me right now. But I will also say that I think that that's one of the things that my husband likes the best about me because I really, I deeply respect him, but I also want to know him. And sometimes I don't feel that it benefits our relationship to let something pass for a certain amount of time without discussing it. But, you know, I, I bet sometimes he wishes that I could be a little more quote unquote chill.


You know, do We have to talk about it? Yeah. Now, like right when he's falling asleep, does, you know, does he need that? I, I I actually know that that's like kind of a no, a don't do it zone, you know? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So obviously there's a very kind of sensitive, reflective part of you, but when you're on stage, you turn that into a very almost loud kind of comedy, you know, you're, you're laughing or sometimes screaming. Yeah. So how do you turn these kind of vulnerable sensitive things into the kind of comedy you do on stage? I think they're already that, the way that I would relay this experience, like if you asked me to tell you what it is right now, it would look the way it looks when I'm doing standup.


There would be screaming, there would be a doorway into my imagination where I'm like, imagining what would've even had to happen in the other person's head in order for them to interact with me in this way. And that is my experience. It, it is like kind of a, I feel like I'm having sort of like an emotional multimedia experience all the time. I'm not one of these people that's like going through her life and being like, oh, that's material. Oh, you know, like, I'm gonna do something interesting, so maybe it will be material. I'm just, I'm just going through and, and living my normal life, but I don't feel that I have to do anything to turn it into comedy.


For example, the, the first clip that you played about, you know, whether or not I've done extreme things, it's like usually it's, you know, behavioral, relational stuff that I've done. So It was knocking on someone's door at four in the morning to say, after four dates to say, I love you. That was the extreme thing that you improvised. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So when you first realized that you were sensitive and also sensitive in the kind of way where you're always like reading somebody else and trying to adjust for that, did you see that kind of sensitivity as, as a, a strength or a vulnerability, something you wanted to change? I think it was unconscious at first. It was just like something that I was doing and I didn't, I didn't notice it.


And, and that's really hard because there were returns on my perceptions and, you know, it was like, they were never flattering, just like as a kid, it was like, you're doing something wrong. They don't like it. You know? It was just like a lot of criticism that I didn't understand was, was like starting from within in a way that I was approaching general relational dynamics. Like a lot of people don't do that, or, and, and I probably could have had a different experience. But then I think that when I started doing standup and realized, and that was like, I started doing standup in my early mid twenties, like maybe 23, 24. and I realized like, oh, a lot of what I wanna talk about is, is how I feel.


and I started to be more aware of it, and I also started going to therapy. And I think I felt ashamed of how much it was so self-focused. Like, you know, what does this person think about me? I just felt like, why am I like this? Like, this is such a gross way to be, You know, I, I can see how that kind of constantly reading another person's expressions or reading between the lines of what they're saying could be a real asset as a comic. Because as a comic, or at least the kind of comic you are, you're reflecting out loud about your inner life. So what can be complicated in the moment can really pay off, I think, as a comic.


Oh, I think so too. I also think that like, it helps me to separate my, my real self from what I'm seeing in someone else. And then internalizing, one thing I've noticed about myself is that when I am upset with something that someone else is doing, I have often until very recently tried to look inside of myself to figure out where the source of their, their bad behavior comes from in me. Like, what did I do to make this, you know, person on the date or Jo Boss that I have?


What did I do to make them be like this? And then in getting on stage and telling the story and needing it to be dynamic and that like, other characters have to exist besides you, it allows you to be like, oh, I actually didn't do that. The other person, they're weird and they're weird. They did this weird thing. But then I'm also weird because my response was absolutely bizarre. And then you have like comedy, like, look at these weirdos doing weird things. And you know, with other people now it's become more of like, how do I turn this into empathy? Like, if I am interested in this person, if I see myself starting to focus on them, make it about them, ask questions, don't make weird assumptions and stow them inside of myself and, and suffer by that.


That's a really interesting point to make it more about them. Like, are you okay? How are you feeling? As opposed to what's wrong with me? When you got into comedy, how old were you and what was your very early material like? I was in the improv group at Columbia, and that to me actually feels like the start of it, even though it was, you know, like a school activity. But that is really when I started to form as a, as a comedian. Then I think when I was 23 was the first time that I started doing standup. and I believe the very first show that I did was about, like, I was talking about working in retail and how much I disliked it, but I, I can't really remember what it was and I, but I do remember getting off stage and being like, but that was a weird fit.


Like, why is it funny when I say things at dinner parties, but it's not, but I'm not talking about that on stage. And very quickly I was like, oh, it's, that's what I'm supposed to do. I'm just supposed to do, you know, what I would do on a date or hanging out with a, a fun friend, a a new friend and I want them to know what my life has been. I already do this. I already try to make people laugh in order to like engender a, a bond or a fondness. And so I just started going on stage and talking about my parents and my childhood. I think one of the main stories that I told over and over again, because I am fascinated by it, was how they, how they like got in a fight with a contractor who was working on our house, and there was like a hole in our roof because he was like, forget it.


And he left. He left. And, and how the bats, like, we had just so many bats in our house 'cause we had like an open roof for a while. Wow. And like, it really, it still makes me laugh. I won't talk about anything on stage if it's like a dead subject for me. Like I think of standup as, at least for me, you know, everybody does it differently, but it, it's like, it's like a nugget of a story that I have. And the more I tell it, it starts to like get brighter and brighter and then suddenly it reaches a peak. And you can tell the, you can feel the light like starting to go out. And sometimes something will, I'll be like, Ugh, I, this is just a rock now.


It's nothing. I don't wanna talk about it anymore. It's not funny to me. I'm, I'm done. But then like 12 years will go by and suddenly I'll be like, oh yeah, remember that story about that girl that spit on my face at synagogue at Yom Kippur? and I couldn't yell at her because it was the Day of Atonement. I'm like, that's ready to come back right now for me. I mean, like, I'm like that, that's next. I, especially now that I have a daughter, I'm still thinking about all the bats and wondering. Yeah. Did You think a lot about like early vampire films? 'cause that's what I associate bats with, but also Bats are famous for all the dung in bat caves. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.


So did you end up with like dung on your bed or on the kitchen table? No, what happened was, so first of all, yes, vampires for sure. I was so afraid of vampires as a little girl and had a, had a recurring dream of like, that Dracula was like trying to fool me into allowing him into my, my room so that he could like kill me, you know? And the, and I had this like recurring dream where I would, I would see a frog at the end of the bed and I'd be so pumped that there was a frog, like this is my personality, but I was so excited about this like big Green Frog and I was just like, yes, this is so cool.


I'm gonna catch that frog. And then I would go towards it and he would be like, whoa. And it would be Dracula in like a tuxedo and I'd be like, oh no, I'm dead. And that and I wake up in a sweat. And so I got really, really frightened and I slept with my head under the covers, which became this like, huge thing for my parents that they were like, you're gonna suffocate, you're gonna suffocate. and I just didn't care. Like I, I just, they told me this is like really unsafe, but, and they had my grandfather who was like, you know, the guy, like, I would listen to anything he said and he was like, you're gonna suffocate. and I was like, yep, got it. But I still did it. And then my dad, he would like really come out in the middle of the night in his, in his nighttime apparel, which at the time was a very, very long night shirt that he worked at the time, at the computer company called Wang, which was like before IBM like it was like one of the first computer companies and it was called Weighing.


And he had this like shirt that said, weighing on it. And he would run down the hallway with an old tennis racket and swat the bats against the hallway. And we had like bat blood on our, on our wallpaper. I remember just being like, he got one, you know, like, and just Like, instead of a mosquito, it was a bat. Yeah. Just such a bummer. Like just such an intense way to live and be. And I thought it was really funny. I talked about it on stage for so long because I was fascinated by it. Like, wow, I thought this was normal for so long that I didn't even think about it. And now I realize that this was actually very specific. Now I'm thinking also about growing up in a house that your family, I mean, including your parents, especially your father, father believed was haunted.


Yeah. So tell us about that. You talk about that in your first comedy special. Yeah, I believe it was haunted too. You know, take it or leave it. Like everyone has their own opinions about the, the spirit world and apparitions. But yeah, my, my dad had, he had discovered a packet of love letters that were written to one of the previous owners of the house, but they weren't from her husband. They were from a, some sort of a captain of a ship. And when my parents first moved in, my dad, my mom woke up smelling pipe smoke and my dad smoked a pipe at the time and she called out to him to come to bed and then rolled over and realized that he was asleep.


And so she woke him up and she was like, you left your pipe burning, you're gonna burn down the house. And so he went out into the hallway and saw on the stairs says he sort of saw it but didn't see it, but he saw it, but he didn't see it. A man in sort of like a heavy like mariner's like Siemens jacket walking up the stairs. And, and there was a bunch of other stuff that happened. And I'm the only one that never saw anything actually, which in itself is scary to me 'cause I feel like there's like a backlog, you know? It's all gonna like come at once. So between the bats and your parents thinking you lived in a haunted house, that sounds like a, a horror film.


Yeah, it does. Doesn't it? Produced a comedian? Yeah. I was scared of our house growing up. Like, I was sad, certainly sad when my parents moved out, but it was a very beautiful house. A lot of parents would say, you know, it was just coincidence or Dad just woke up and he was still like half dreaming. So don't worry. 'cause there's no such thing as a haunted house. Yeah, but that's apparently not what your parents said. No, I know they did not. I mean, I think, I think we were all a bit proud of it too. You know, it's mystical and I think it was, it was sort of a, a point of, it was kind of like a treasure, but like a terrible one to have.


And, and you know, I don't remember ever thinking that my parents would lie to me. You know, like even if it might be frightening or hurtful and I think they're very thoughtful people. But the other thing is like, they might not have known how scared I was. Terry Gross speaking with Jenny Slate in March. The comic and actor has a new book of essays that cover the same ground as her comedy special season professional. The new book is titled Life Form. We'll Hear More after a break. And Justin Chang reviews the new film Juror number two, directed by Clint Eastwood. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air


support for this podcast and the Following message come from autograph collection hotels offering over 300 independent hotels around the world, each exactly like nothing else, hand selected for their inherent craft. Each hotel tells its own unique story through distinctive design and immersive experiences. From medieval falconry to volcanic wine tasting. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of over 30 hotel brands around the world. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This message comes from Capital One, offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, you business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank. Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities@capitalone.com slash commercial. A member FDIC.


This message comes from Carvana with Carvana value Tracker. You can track your car's value anytime, anywhere. Carvana will even let you know when your car's value changes with updated emails, however you value your car, know it's worth with Carvana value Tracker


This is Fresh Air. Let's return to Terry's interview with comic and actor Jenny Slate in March. Her comedy special, seasoned professional, and a book of essays is about getting pregnant, giving birth, and becoming a mother slate. Also co-created co-wrote and starred and the Oscar nominated animated film, Marcel The Shell with Shoes On. She's also done a lot of voice work for animated TV shows and movies, including Bob's Burgers Big Mouth and Batman, the Lego Movie, as well as the Secret Life of Pets and Zootopia. I wanna ask you about Marcel the Shell with Shoes on, which started as an animated web series that you created with your, then were you still married when you created it or was he your boyfriend then?


I'm trying to get the sequence right. Oh yeah, we were just, yeah, we were boyfriend and girlfriend when we made the first Marcel the Shell short film. And remind me of his name. Dean Fleischer Camp. So, so you and Dean started the series as boyfriend girlfriend, and then you were married, and then you divorced and continued the series together, which is another story, I I should say that the film version, it started as a web series and the film adaptation, which you also did with Dean, was Oscar nominated for best animated feature. How did you come up with the idea of having a shell as the leading character in a story? Well, it started with me doing the Voice.


I was like, just as a goof doing this voice. I was like doing a weird voice while we were, Can you do it for us? Yeah, I can do it right now. This is what it sounds like. Yeah. Okay. And I was doing it while we were at a wedding, and Dean had, he said he would make a video for a friend's comedy show, but he hadn't done it. And he was like, can I interview that voice? Basically, like, we didn't have the character yet. And so we got him from the wedding, he interviewed me more, I said some more stuff. He had enough audio that it was like, oh, we're dealing with someone who's really small it seems, and and then he went to the local arts, like the craft store and the toy store in Brooklyn where we lived.


And he bought like a kind of like a knockoff of a poly pocket. It wasn't a poly pocket, it was sort of like a, just a brand X one. And, and he did a bunch of different character designs and, and finally he took some like molding, you know, like what, what would you call it? Like plasticine or like molding clay and put it in the shell hole and stuck the eye in there and glued the shoes on. and I came back to our apartment and he was like, I think this is, this is the guy. and I was like, oh yeah, that's the guy for sure. And so it was just kind of both of us feeling our way. But he is 100% responsible for the, the character design and I just think it's, so, I just think Marcel looks perfect.


I think he's a perfect looking Creature. When you were creating Marcel's voice, it's, I think you said it was a voice you'd used before. I think I had tried to use it one time when I was on SNL, but I vocally could not figure out how to hold onto it. and I had lost it and I, I couldn't find it. I couldn't do it literally. And it was like, oh, great, like another failure here. And, and I mean looking back on it, I'm really glad that I didn't spend that in that context, just 'cause it, it led to so much more cr creative control for me to do it just outside of, of that community. But I, yeah, I suddenly just came back and I held on and I was able to click into it.


And the more I do it, the more I can find it right away. Can You do it a little bit more so we can hear it? Yeah, I mean, you could probably just, like, I can, I can do it like whenever I want to, but probably at the end of a day of like recording it, I get like a little, I get tired, like my voice feels tired, but it doesn't like hurt to do it or anything. But even doing it, it's almost like if a person were to do like repeated movements with their body, they get into like a more like clarified mental state. That's like kind of how I feel about it as well. It's such an earnest voice. I've heard you say that you talk to your daughter, your three-year-old daughter sometimes in Marcel's voice.


How did you start doing that? I talk in Marcel's voice sometimes without realizing it. A lot of times I'm like, there's a running commentary, like, especially if, you know, if we're in traffic or we're in a line, it's really fun, you know, in a car with just my family to be like, oh, This has taken forever, You know, it's just, it's just like, kind of get into it and she, the first time she heard it, like her, you know, she was like, what is that? What is that? And she thinks he lives inside of me, but that's not disturbing to her. She also knows what he looks like, but she never asks to see him. She just wants to talk to him. What do you tell her and Marcel's voice that's different from what you tell her in your voice?


Marcel gets more info from her. So actually as Marcel, I just ask her questions, you know, like, why didn't you like that sandwich? What was wrong with it? What, what happened at school today? Like, she'll give Marcel a bigger answer, which is really nice. And then she likes singing with Marcel. Do you wanna sing in Marcel's Vo and tell us how you do that? Yeah, it's like, okay. This is one of the songs that Ida and I sing together. There's a bright golden haze on the, there's a bright golden ha on the, the corn is as high as an elephant's eye and it looks like it's climbing straight up to the sky.


A song from Oklahoma. I love that song. Oh, What a beautiful morning. It's The best It. Yeah. Okay. That's so great. Is it hard to maintain the voice while you're singing? I think it's easier to sing in Marcel's voice than it is to speak in Marcel's voice. Why is that? I'm not sure. I, I really actually don't know. I do a lot of voice work, but I'm not in any way a trained performer. I've not been to like an acting conservatory. A conservatory or singing classes or, you know, nothing. So I'm just kind of, I'm just working with whatever I have Now.


You do voices for other animated series. You've done Voices of Voice for Bob Bob's Burgers and Big Mouth Zootopia, other animated films. So do you wanna, do you wanna do the Bob's Bob's Burgers voice for us and tell us about creating It? Well, In Bob's Burgers, I kind of just talk like this. I play a character named Tammy. She's not nice. She's really selfish. She wants everyone to look at her right now. It's just kind of like me doing a mean, my, my version of a Mean Girl Voice. And, and they wrote that character and then asked me to play it, which I love. And then I'm also on another show on Fox called the Great North, which is so funny, written by the, and created by the Molino sisters who they were, they were wrote on Bob's Burgers as well, and I play a teenager named Judy.


And like, it's always a version of my voice, but with Judy it's like, I just kind of like lighten it up a little bit and I just sort of like, just like, don't enunciate as much and like, I'm just like kind of think about things and yeah, like, you know, I just like kind of talk about this and it's sort of my voice, but I just like, just a little bit sort of more relaxed, pulled back. Well, we have to take another break here. So let me reintroduce you if you're just joining us. My guest is Comic and actor Jenny Slate. Her new comedy special seasoned professional is streaming on Amazon. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air.


Hey, it's Aisha Harris from Pop Culture Happy hour. If you love NPR podcasts, you'll want the new NPR r plus podcast bundle. Enjoy an all-you-can-eat selection of NPR plus podcasts with sponsor free listening and bonus episodes. Plus you'll be supporting public radio. Check it out@plus.npr.org. Okay, so does this sound like you, you love NPRs podcasts? You wish you could get more of all your favorite shows and you wanna support NPR R'S mission to create a more informed public? If all that sounds appealing, then it is time to sign up for the NPR plus bundle. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


If you need a moment to catch your breath and calm your nerves, listen to the latest all songs considered from NPR music. We've got an all new mix of songs to slow the blood and recalibrate your day. Plus reflections on gratitude, joy, and the power of kindness. Listen to new episodes of all songs Considered every Tuesday, wherever you get podcasts.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with comic and actor Jenny Slate. Her new comedy special seasoned professional is about getting pregnant, giving birth, and becoming a mother. And it's about a lot of other subjects along the way. How did you know that you could do voices? Oh man. I mean, forever it's been my delight to do voices and I've just always thought the voices are the, the funniest thing. Like, as a kid I thought Robin Williams as the genie was just, it was like drugs for me. Like I, I just thought that's the best. I, I loved Saturday Night Live. I loved when people spoke in voices that weren't theirs.


I just thought that that was one of the funniest, most startling eye-catching things that a performer could do. and I, I've just always loved it and always tried to do as many voices as I can, but I'm really bad at like, accents from other countries. I can't do any like real, like real accents. Like I, I can't do any, I don't think at all. Were there other animated characters whose voices you loved growing up? Oh yeah. I mean to the like, you know, the trickle just sickening, like the, the trickle sweet voices of the chipmunks were, you know, I just like, loved how that sounded and would like use the record player to speed things up so that I could hear that tone.


But I guess, I guess my favorite voice actually on TV was Peewee. Oh, Peewee was great. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He really screamed, he really yelled at people. Right. You know, which I love. and I always thought Peewee was, I mean, Peewee has some attitude as the character, but I, I guess that got deep in me. 'cause I love to scream on stage. You do. and I was gonna bring that up. Like you have, you have so many different screams. Yeah. And sometimes you'll do several different screams consecutively. Yeah. So I'm gonna ask you if you don't mind, and if you don't think it'll blow out your voice to back up from the mic and do some screams for us.


How about before each scream? Tell us what you're thinking of that this scream represents, like what context you'd use that scream in. Right, okay. So I think like if I'm like so startled by something that I realize is happening and I can't stop it, the scream would kind of be like, like that. Like you're, like, you're going on like a big ride. But like, you know, for example, I think I just did this on Seth Meyers and I, don't think about it. I don't like preload my screams or even know that they're gonna come, but I know when I'm performing I'm, I'm allowed to do them. But like one time, like a fortune teller gave me like a really scary fortune.


And that reaction that I had was, Ah, And you know, that's the truth. The screams are like the truth. They're like the level of oh, at which I'm feeling things. What do the Fortune teller tell you? At the Bachelorette party that proceeded my first wedding, she told me that I hadn't met the right man, but that I would know it when I met him. Turned out thanks For that. But she was right. Yeah. Yeah. Should have listened. Can you do one more? Sure. I wonder what, yeah, and then like, okay, then there's one that's like, kind of like a variation that happens when there's like, you're watching something and you don't know what's going on, which is like, Oh That's sort of more tarny.


Do You ever hurt your voice when you scream? Do you know how to scream without shredding your voice? I do know how to scream without shredding my voice. So I do that like when I'm recording for the Great North, I feel like I scream a lot actually in the Great North just 'cause like they live in Alaska and they're always like falling off a cliff or you know, like they're like on a sled or something like that. But, but I do know how to do it. I will say on stage I'm looking for catharsis and there are things that I don't have a plan, but like I somewhere deep inside knows that I wanna do it and I need to do it and I will fully scream and it does like, I'll, I'll end up horse for sure after that.


But there's a difference between, you know, pretending to run really fast and running really fast. One of the things you failed at was one of the most important turning points in your life, all your life. You want to be on Saturday Night Live, and then you got the job and you accidentally turned Frick into the four-letter expletive you were supposed to use the, the euphemism. Yeah. But the real word came out. So the Frick turned into the four letter expletive and you, you were fired. I think that was the reason you were fired. No, I don't think so actually. Oh, okay. Yeah, I think I've generally just Didn't Fit in, didn't fit in. I, I socially I felt like I fit in.


Like I'm still friends with most of, you know, the, the people like that I worked with, but I did not click in as a, as a person who could work there for whatever reason. Like, yeah. I mean it's, I just was not a good fit. Yeah, I would imagine that that's why. Did, did they explain why? No, they didn't. and I, I actually found out that I was fired like on the internet, so it just kind of was like, Was that through word of mouth that was on the internet or a press release? Yeah, I think it was on like Deadline Hollywood and somebody that I knew was like, oh no, I'm so sorry.


I saw the article in the trades basically, and I was just like, what? You know, like I, I didn't see it. I hadn't seen it yet. Your first comedy special was called Stage Fright and you attribute your stage fright in part from getting fired at Saturday Night Live. What's the connection? I don't think it's like the firing, I think it was like also Twitter was like relatively new then and I had like no understanding of myself as a public person. You know, I just thought of myself the way people used to think about themselves as like just in their life and maybe if someone had a picture of you, it was like, you know, in an album, like I, I just didn't understand that there would be an online forum commenting on me and yeah, like, you know, I'm a normal person in my way.


It hurt my feelings and it made me anxious and less willing to show myself to people. But I also knew that that was not a good place to end. So I tried to work through it. When I interviewed in 2014, as our time was about to run out, we had been talking about stage fright and how you went to a hypnotist who you kind of attribute to helping you overcome the stage fright and you think you were hypnotized, so you went back to the hypnotist to help you overcome your habit of sleep eating and I had to cut off that part of the conversation.


'cause we had to end the interview. Our time was running out and so I'd like to pick up where we left off the last time. I'm not sure what sleep eating is. Well, It used to be, and also like, I used to also just like smoke a lot more weed, you know, now I don't anymore. It's, it's been maybe six years since like I've, there has been any marijuana in my life and like it makes me so paranoid and it's just, it's, I'm never going back. But maybe it was a function of, of that, of just like being hungry from what they call the munchies. But for me what it was was like I would be almost fully asleep and go into the kitchen and I would eat something and then usually not return it.


So we would like wake up in the morning and go into the kitchen and there would be ice cream out, things like that. Like things that had been ruined. I think it's a major sign of anxiety. It's not something that I don't sleep eat anymore, but I can tell when I am fretting and worrying because I usually wake up around three in the morning and have to go and have like a little snack and then the second I have it, my mind goes blank and I'm able to rest, but it only happens when I'm anxious. Do you think this hypnosis helped with that? I don't think so. I, I don't think so. and I also think that I really pushed mostly through whatever he did to me to get rid of the stage, fright.


It, it was better for a while and then, and then it just came back so much around the time. Oh really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It just came like, it's just, I really want to do a live stage show, like a kind of like a one woman show and the thing holding me back is like, I am delighted when I think about the rehearsal process, I'm delighted when I think about things like set design, what the material is and I am so terrified thinking of like grossed out, genuine, genuinely thinking of the time between like a matinee and an evening performance and like the, the, the time. Like when I play clubs, which is not that often, but I do like two shows a night and after getting off stage after the first show, the feeling of like, yeah, I did it.


And then the realization that like I have to go again is, it's like, what is the, it's like a si ian, it's just like, oh my god, I cannot believe that I have to do this again. It is, It's like tension release. Oops. Tension. Totally. Yeah. It's, it's not a comfortable feeling and it's not a, like the lady doth protest, like, you know, tell me I'm a, I'm really good and like I should be doing this. It's like, I don't like it, it's not a good fit for me. and I have to take whatever success I've earned to allow myself a schedule that is like, doable for me in a, like a neurological way. Like, like it just, it really, really messes with me.


The stage fright. Jenny Slate, it's been great to talk with you again. Thank you so much for coming back on the show. Thank you for having me back. It's really nice to, it's always nice to be invited in once, but I always say it's, it's the return, you know, that means that, that you're okay. You're more than. Okay. Thank you so much for having me much For this is a real pleasure. Thank you. Jenny Slate talking with Terry Gross earlier this year, the comic and actor has a new book of essays titled Life Form. Coming up Justin Chang reviews the new Clint Eastwood film Juror number two This is Fresh Air.


If you listen on the regular to the Fresh Air podcast, then I know you'll love some of the other NPR podcasts too. Here's why NPR Plus is worth your time and money. You get perks like sponsor free listening, bonus episodes, early access shop discounts, and more for over 20 different NPR podcasts like this one, support what you love and stop hearing promos like this1@plus.npr.org.


This Is Ira Glass with this American Life. Each week on our show, we choose a theme. Tell different stories on that theme. All right, I'm just gonna stop right there. You're listening to an NPR podcast. Chances are, you know our show. So instead I'm gonna tell you we've just been on a run of really good shows lately. Some big epic emotional stories, some weird funny stuff too. Download us this American life.


Donald Trump has won the 2024 election. How did it happen and what are his plans for a second term? Find out by listening to the NPR Politics podcast. We'll keep you informed every weekday with the latest news from the presidential transition. Listen to the NPR politics podcast.


This is Fresh Air in the courtroom. Drama Juror number two, the latest movie directed by Clint Eastwood. Nicholas Holt plays a man called up for jury duty and is confronted with a moral crisis. The movie also features performances by Tony Collette and JK Simmons. Our film critic, Justin Chang, says, it's a thoughtful, complex story and one of Eastwood's better recent films and recommends that you see it in theaters While you can. Last week, Warner Brothers opened Juror number two in limited release with minimal fanfare and no plans to report the film's domestic box office. It's not the typical treatment for a Clint Eastwood movie, especially one that some think might be the last Clint Eastwood movie.


I hope they're wrong either way. The fact that Eastwood's longtime studio would bury his latest speaks to the various crises that have befall the industry in general, and Warners in particular. At 94 Eastwood seems ever more like an anomaly in American filmmaking, a Hollywood legend with nothing left to prove, still cranking out his unfussy mid-budget dramas for a grownup audience that the major studios have all but abandoned. Juror number two is actually one of his better directed efforts of late, certainly compared with recent disappointments like Cry Macho and Le Mule.


There's a little old school John Grisham in this movie's legal thriller, DNA, even though it features an original screenplay by Jonathan Abrams, Nicholas Holt Stars as Justin Kemp, a Georgia based magazine writer who's expecting a baby with his wife played by Zoe Deutsch. It's a high risk pregnancy, and so the timing isn't ideal when Justin gets selected as a Juror in a major murder trial. The defendant James sth stands accused of killing his girlfriend, Kendall Carter after the two had a heated argument in a bar one night as the facts of the case emerge.


Justin, a recovering alcoholic, realizes that he was at that same bar on the very night in question, suddenly alarmed that he could be more involved than he thought. He seeks advice from his AA sponsor Larry, who also happens to be a lawyer, played by Keever Sutherland. So I, I went to clear my head and found myself at Rowdy's Hideaway, ordered a drink and sat there for a while. Then I, I got up and left. I went about a quarter of a mile and I hit something. So I got out the car and I looked around, I checked, I didn't see anything and I figured it was a, a deer that ran off and, and then I got back in the car and went home.


Okay, what's the problem? I got called for jury duty, the Kendall carte case. They found her body in a creek bed about a quarter mile from Roddy's Highway last October. What are you telling me? Maybe I didn't hit a deer. Larry advises Justin to keep quiet lest he face serious prison time. But Justin worried that his silence could send an innocent man to prison, tries to plead sight's case during deliberations, which quickly turned contentious. There's a creakiness to the writing here.


The bickering sounds forced and some of the jurors veer toward cultural stereotypes, but others are more sharply drawn. JK Simmons brings his hard-nosed intelligence to the role of one of Justin's few allies. While Cedric Yarborough finds the simmering tension in every line as a Juror convinced of the defendant's guilt, it all plays like a barbed riff on 12 angry men, where one man seeks to sway his fellow jurors not to bring about justice so much as assuage his own conscience. But Justin isn't the only character held up for moral scrutiny. The courtroom's most compelling figure is the prosecutor Faith played with terrific nuance by Tony Collette.


Faith does her job with skill, integrity and a great deal of ambition. She's running for district attorney and she knows that securing a conviction could help her. Chances Colette and Holt played a mother and son in the 2002 comedy about a boy. And while the actors don't share too much screen time in Juror number two, beyond one doozy of a late scene, it's still a pleasure to see them reunited more than 20 years later. Holt is especially strong as a man wrestling quietly with past demons and present dilemmas and whose response is to rationalize like crazy. After all, maybe si a man known for his rough past really did kill his girlfriend.


And even if he didn't, how can Justin turn himself in just as he and his wife are about to start a family? Eastwood may take his characters to task, but he also sees the bigger picture. He's long had a skeptical view of institutions in their failings, whether it's a corrupt police force and Changeling or the manipulations of the media in movies like Sully and Richard Jewel in Juror number two, he takes measured aim at the American justice system from the dogged attorneys muddling their way through the evidence to the exhausted jurors who just wanna deliver a quick verdict to the procedural fault lines and blind spots that can make the truth seem so elusive.


It's a thorny, thoughtful film and I wish its own studio had more confidence in it. If Eastwood does make another one, I wouldn't mind seeing him take on another broken American system rife with cynicism, self-interest and compromise, and that of course is Hollywood itself. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed Juror number two, directed by Clint Eastwood. On Monday show Marine Corps veteran and essayist Phil Cly examines the moral complexities of war, examining what he calls the growing disconnect between American civilians and the military.


I talk with Cly about his reflections on the role of the US military and ongoing wars and the priorities of incoming President Donald Trump. I hope you can join us. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer is Adam Stanski with Additional Engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld, and Diana Martinez For Terry Gross, I'm m Tanya. Moseley. Bosley, Do you feel like there's more on your to-do list than you can accomplish? Or maybe the world's problems feel extra heavy these days? We can't eliminate stress, but we can manage it. It's almost like I have a new operating system now, like I tend to live more in this light.


Stressless a quest to reclaim your calm. A new series from NPR R'S Life Kit podcast.


This message comes from NPR sponsored Grammarly. You use multiple platforms every day at work. Writing is involved for most of them. That's why Grammarly works where you work. 96% of Grammarly users say it helps them create more impactful writing. It works across 500,000 apps and websites with one click go from editing drafts and hours to seconds. Sign up and download for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's G-R-A-M-M-A-R-L y.com/podcast.


Easier said done.