
This message comes from lag of woolen single molt scotch whiskey. Wherever your curiosity takes you, there will always be more. To uncover and savor, discover new flavor notes beyond the smoke lag of woolen, please drink responsibly. Diageo, New York. New York.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley. And today my guest is John Zamo. For the last four decades, we've watched him go from a one man show and standup comedian to television and tv actor, activist, and now educator. His latest project, an ambitious docuseries on the history of Latinos, feels like an inflection point for a man who has spent his career asserting himself as a Latino American, while also discovering his place in this country. The new docuseries now airing on PBS is called VOCES American Historia, the untold history of Latinos, which he co-created with director Ben de Jesus.


It's like a textbook on screen with Lake Zamo at the head of the class, exploring Latino contributions to the Americas over thousands of years. If this sounds familiar, that's because this series is an evolution of Leguizamo's 20 18, 1 man show called Latin History for Morons, which aired on Netflix. John Lake Zamo is an Emmy Tony Award-winning performer who began doing standup in the eighties and gained critical acclaim for his one man. Semi autobiographical shows about growing up in Queens, including Mambo Mouth and Freak, where Lake Zamo portrayed dozens of characters from his life growing up in Queens, including friends, relatives, and neighbors.


He's performed in over a hundred films and television shows, including his breakthrough roles in 93 as Luigi and Super Mario Brothers, and Brian De Palma's, Carlito's Way as Carlito's nemesis Benny Blanco from the Bronx. He also starred in Moulin Rouge, and he currently hosts the M-S-N-B-C travel show. Lake Zamo does America. John Lake Zamo. Welcome back to Fresh Air. Thank you, Tanya. What a pleasure to be here with you. John. I absolutely loved Latin history for morons and for those who don't know it, in 2018, you did this one man show on Broadway where you essentially got on stage and traced 3000 years of Latin history, and the idea was actually spawned from this discovery that your son was being bullied, and it almost feels like you were working out this idea for what is now this new docuseries.


Is that what was happening? How did you come to this idea for American Historia? Oh, it taught you. That's, that's so true. I mean, the genesis was basically my son that was in eighth grade, and he was doing the history project and he was being bullied at the same time. And, and I and I wanted to help him with his project to be, you know, a good dad, get some brownie points for my wife. And I realized that there was no Latino contributions to the making of American history in his textbook. And so as super sleuth dad, I, I got all these books on Latin history and on Amazon and went to all the sites and, and it was, it was, I that was changed my molecules when I found all this information, incredible, countless facts and data about our contributions to making of the US and the world.


I became a different person from being feeling small to feeling like a giant. Well, John, your entire career, as I said in the introduction, you've kind of been asserting your latinoness. You've been the person who has been speaking about like, this is who we are and these are our contributions for this documentary, though you will choose three different time periods. And I'm really curious how you decided to choose them, because as I think I've heard you say there, there is no Ken Burns doc or Discovery Channel show, or even textbooks. I mean, you went to Amazon to find some of these books, but a lot of the history that is in this documentary, many of us have never heard before.


Tanya, you're so right. I mean, John Hopkins University and Unidos, us us sorry, did a study and found that 87% of Latino contributions to the making of the US are not in history textbooks. So that's what's in this show, that 87% that's missing. When I did the show, I wanted to be like, Latino culture was on trial and I wanted to have evidence, I wanted to have facts, I wanted to have testimonies, I wanted to have quotes. I, I wanted to have evidence to support this because there's a lot of deniers and, and they're gonna be deniers about our contributions. So I wanted to be fact check proof and, and so I got these historians, these experts, these archeologists to be on camera with me.


I got all these allies from my, my 40 years in the business as allies to come and make these quotes come to life. 'cause there's not a lot of footage at the conquest. There's not a lot of footage of the, of the 15 and 16 hundreds. So I had to get quotes as many and I pulled as many as I could. and I got Brian Cranston and Lee Schreiber and Benjamin Brad and Ethan Hawk and, and Lawrence Fishburne and, and Rosario Dawson to make them come to life. Incredible allyship and warm my heart. I mean, the facts are astounding, Right? You're like a walking textbook now. And what I also feel from you is kind of this phenomenon that always happens is once you see it, you can't unsee it.


So True. True. Like you're, you really sound like a man on a mission. Yeah, I'm, I'm like the rainman of Latin data and facts, and I'm okay with that. I I'm nerding out on you. I know, and on, on on on your public. But these facts are, are, they change your chromosomes, they change your DNA, you know, you, you go, you are a young Latin man or young Latin woman in America, and you're growing up here and there's nothing in, in literature that reflects you or history textbooks or math. And you feel very small. And then when I start reading these facts about our contributions and our empires, that our empires were bigger than European empires, that they were more advanced than your European empires.


It, it blows your mind that we, that the Aztecs had toilets with running water, that they bathed three times a day, that the Incas had superior brain surgery. That, that the modern world hasn't, hadn't achieved till after the Civil War. They had anesthesia that we gave the world, we had suspension bridges, we had bi Incas had binary code back then before computers today. These are some of the findings you, you get. And, and you're like, wait a minute, what, how is this kept from me? Why is this kept from me? And then you start to understand that he who writes the history textbooks controlled society. Plato said, he who tells the stories control society.


And you know, it's been true and it's, it's intuitive truth as well. Can We do a little Latino history 1 0 1 as as we continue to discuss this docuseries? Because for the people, I, I think it's important for us to note you shared the distinction between Latino and Hispanic, especially as it pertains to how you approached this history in the docuseries. You do this at the top of every episode. Can you very quickly share that distinction? Well, well thank, thank you for, for bringing that up. Yeah. There's a huge distinction. And we, Latinos are, are, are grappling with our identity, you know, on a daily basis and trying to do the best we can because we haven't done as well as we should have, like including our Afro-Latinos and, and giving tribute to our indigenous Latino side, which is a huge part of our DNA Hispanic means.


You speak Spanish, and for the most part, Hispanics are from Spain. But we, we are all Hispanics because we all speak Spanish. But Latino means you're, you're not from Spain means you're from Latin America. Means you are colonized means you're from the Caribbean, Mexico, central America, and South America. And that includes Brazil and Haiti. We are all Latinos who experience a lot of oppression, slavery, the, the, the stealing of our, our our incredible wealth and land, wealth and exploitation for 500 years. That's what Latino means to me. And then part and Latino Is African indigenous and Spanish.


Yes, by blood. I'm a snap to that because that's exactly what it, I feel Latino Latinos, the majority of us are mestizo indigenous and Afro-Latino. We, we have a mixture of all that. And that's Latino. There are white Latinos, but you know, they're a very small percentage. But they do run things in Latin America. And that's where, you know, with it, the colorism happens and, and racism in our own countries exists. You know, another topic that you take on in this doc is to chart how language in particular Spanish was weaponized. I mean, you actually go as far back as when the Europeans interacted with Native Americans who spoke their own language over time.


We saw this enter the school system where children were separated from their Spanish language. And Professor Valez Banez talked about a memory growing up in the southwest that was especially painful for him. I wanna take a moment to listen to what he had to say. Let's listen. Yes. Segregation has many implications of many consequences. In our particular case, Spanish language has been used as a racist trope. And for those of us who were in school, we were forbidden to speak Spanish. And for every word of Spanish that you spoke, we were hit with a bat that had been shaped with holes at the end. So you went home and your mother might bathe you when you were five years old.


And she asked, well, you know, what are those marks on your rear end? and I told her, I said, I got span. Well, did you misbehave? I said, I don't know, but I didn't know why I was being spanked. What occurs is that the child then learns to associate pain with the language that the child is speaking. Now that language is internalized very early on. The language that's spoken by a mother to her child when she's cooing her child, has a deep implication because you learn then that you've got to hate this language that your mother raised you upon.


That was Carlos Valles Ibanez, professor of Trans Borderer studies at Arizona State University from the new documentary produced and hosted by My guest today, John Lake Zamo. And John, he is touching on the mental health toll of being separated from your language. You are a Columbia born in Queens raised, and we're gonna talk about that. But what was your relationship with the Spanish language growing up? Well, what, what he said was so touching and so painful to reveal that, that I learned in, in the, in this documentary series and what he's talking about happened all over the southwest and the west because, you know, it was all Mexico, Texas, Arizona, they have our names, you know, New Mexico, Arizona's dry land, Nevada's snowy land, California's beautiful temperate zone.


Jim Crow laws were for Latinos as well. They called them Juan Crow Laws. And you would see these signs that said no Negroes, no dogs and no Mexicans. We were at the bottom of the, of the, of the Harlem Underneath the dogs. Yes, underneath the dogs, because we were the majority of the population all over the, the, the west and the southwest. That had all just been Mexico, you know, from 1830s. It stopped being Mexico when we were invaded. So I had a different sort of understanding of Spanish because I didn't grow up in the southwest. I grew up in the, in Northeast and in the East coast. And, and, and we, we, Latinos are a little younger population here, and my parents immigrated here.


So they had a huge pride of Spanish. They would force us to speak Spanish at home, you know, and I was very reluctant. 'cause I, all I saw on, on the media and in my, in my classes was English. So I I I did not wanna speak Spanish and it would force me to speak Spanish. And now I regret being such an obstinate child because now I wanna recoup my Spanish. So when you were going to school as a, a young man in these English speaking schools where everybody's speaking English, did you ever feel shame about Spanish? Oh, absolutely. You, you felt it. But then I would go back to my neighborhoods, you know, and everybody was Latino in my family, obviously, and spoke Spanish.


And, and then you, you had this confusion as to a sense of pride and a sense of shame because all you saw was negative imagery of Latinos in the news. And, and, and you were absent in, in school. Like you weren't, there was no pictures of Latinos anywhere in history, textbooks and literature and in math. So you felt small and, and you had to navigate all this, all these feelings, these complex feelings as a young man. And it made me act out, you know, I, I was a problem child because you have a certain intelligence and, and yet you don't wanna be clowned as a teenager. You don't wanna, so you start rejecting your own culture and you start acting out because you don't feel like you fit in anywhere.


Okay. I wanna talk to you about politics for a minute. You're famous for saying that Christopher Columbus was the Donald Trump of the New World, which of course had many people gagging. So you have no problem giving your opinion about politics right now, according to an N-B-C-C-N-B-C poll, vice President Kamala Harris leads former President Trump with Latino voters, 54 to 40%. And Democrats we know usually have a larger percentage edge than this, at least in the last four presidential cycles. They have. You have been very vocal in saying that if Harris wants the Latino vote, she's got a campaign for it.


Do you feel that she should be doing more? She's gotta do more because Trump is doing more. The Republic is not doing more, they're coming aggressively for Latinos. They, they did it against Biden and Hillary. They, they, they, they come to our Spanish stations, they buy ads, they go WhatsApp. You know, Trump signed those checks that went out that Latinos believed he actually did sign them, and that he does have that money. And if he becomes president that he'll give them those checks. So Kamala needs to knock on our doors, come into our towns and talk to us. You know, the thing that the Latinos care about is economics. So with what's going on, they, you know, Trump is blaming Kamala for inflation, for the prices at the grocery store, for the, the, the cost of housing.


So she needs to speak on that and, and come into our neighborhoods because we're winnable. We're getable. But you have to court us. We're not gonna come there just 'cause you want us, you have to win us over. And you, you gotta do it in, in all the, in all the states where that are vulnerable, you know, you, you gotta do that. And you gotta include our grassroots organizations that, that are always ignored. These young Latinas and Latinos who are in, in, in Arizona, Texas, Nevada. You gotta engage them. You gotta give them money and you gotta include them. They, they work tirelessly and they, and they'll give you so much bang for your buck. You know, what's interesting for me, John, is that this documentary that we're talking about, American Historia, it actually gives context in many ways to where we are now, in particular with the immigration debate.


and I was wondering, how do you see your work intersecting with this larger political debate? Because it is very political to say, Hey everyone, the narrative that we've all been taught, there's another perspective here. And in some instances what we've all been taught is straight up not true In terms of immigration. You know, I went into a, a, a pyramid that, that's 2000 years old in ti in Mexico, and in a place that no one's allowed. 'cause it's very sacred. It's a tomb, and the, the walls are painted with mercury and it's red and it's poisonous, and there is gold dust put everywhere and silver mercury in bowls. So when you came in with torches, you were in the underworld and it was splendiferous.


And what we found there was turquoise from Arizona, Jade from Honduras, we've been trading, that was a, the, the, the whole Southwest was a trading zone, you know, it was, it was the cradle civilization for all indigenous peoples in, in North Central and South America. So it's always been a porous border. And you know, we caused a lot of the problems in Central and South America that's causing all this, these people to have to escape their countries and have to go through this border. So, you know, it's a very complicated issue. Kamala's going strong against I immigration and that she's gonna be tough on it.


And she has to, to win this election because even immigrants don't feel empathy for other immigrants. You know, I, I'm different, you know, I'm an artist. I have empathy for everybody. I'm a parent and every child in the world is my child. And that's how I feel. But not everybody feels that way. You mentioned how some immigrants don't have empathy for other immigrants, specifically as it pertains to this issue around immigration. Can you elaborate on that and why do you think that is? Some immigrants feel, I guess, I guess they feel empowered by going against other immigrants and I.


I guess they feel more American or more, less othered if they attack others. I think there's a syndrome of that. And some immigrants are afraid of immigrants taking their jobs because those are the jobs that they might take. They're not coming for white jobs. Forget that. I mean, nobody, the, the, the jobs Latinos are doing, nobody wants. That's why they're doing it. And that's why we need immigrants because immigrants fuel America. They're doing the essential labor, you know, the, the, the, the Mexican immigrants that, the central American immigrants that died on the Maryland Bridge, they were doing that infrastructure work. We built Katrina back after Katrina after, after the hurricane Katrina, we built Louisiana back.


There was mostly Honduran and Mexican laborers, and then they got shafted. They, they, you know, they, they sent ice on them and, and they wouldn't pay them. But, you know, we're doing the work. We're feeding America, we're doing all, all, all that labor that nobody wants. It's jobs. I mean, America does not function without Latino immigrants. It just doesn't. It never has and never will. A lot of immigrants of color support Trump. And, and what do you think it is that Latinos, in particular, of course, knowing that Latinos are not a monolith, but what do you think the appeal is for Trump? Because he lies. He lies he says, he says crazy things that he can't do, he won't do, but they believe it.


They believe that he's gonna cut taxes, that he's gonna make taxes disappear. He, they, he, he spews so many lies and they stick and pe and la and Latino immigrants and Latinos believe it. And that's the problem. Our guest today is actor, comedian, and activist John Lake Zamo. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air. Hi, this is Molly s Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air And this is Terry Gross host of the show. One of the things I do is write the weekly newsletter And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive.


It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week and exclusive. So subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder, and CEO Ron Russon shares why Saatva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At Saatva, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful, to make sure you make the right choice. To learn more, go to SA tva.com/ NPR.


The following message comes from NPR sponsor, Ameriprise financial chief market strategist Anthony Salan. Benny shares how his team supports Ameriprise clients. It can be scary for a client trying to figure out what's happening in the economy. Our team is really focused on analysis and research on what's happening in the markets to help clients attain their goals. For more information and important disclosures, visit ameriprise.com/advice. Ameriprise Financial cannot guarantee Future Financial Results. Securities offered by Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC, member FINRA and SIPC.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley. And today my guest is actor, comedian, and activist John Lake Zamo. He and director Ben de Jesus have created a three-part docuseries now airing on PBS called VOCES American Historia, the untold history of Latinos, which explores the history and contributions of Latino people in America. Like Zamo is known for his versatile acting, having appeared in over a hundred films in both dramatic and comedic roles, including Carlito's Way, Moulin Rouge and his one man shows on Broadway, Mambo, mouth Freak and Latin History for morons, his new play, the Other Americans Begins Its run in DC this month.


In it. Lake Zamo Stars is Nelson Castro, a Colombian Puerto Rican laundromat owner determined to give his family a better life, which comes at a cost. John, earlier this month at the 76 Prime Time Emmy Awards, you spoke about the importance of representation in Hollywood. And you mentioned how you grew up seeing white actors playing characters of Latin descent and how when Latinos were in movies and shows, they were often playing a stereotype. I want us to, to listen to a little bit of it. Let's listen. I'm John Leguizamo and I'm one of Hollywood's DEI hires.


That's right, DEI. The D is for diligence. The E is for excellence. The I is for Imagination. And everyone in this room tonight has dedicated their lives to diligence, excellence, and imagination. So we are all DEI hires and man, what a beautiful and diverse room this is tonight. We, because when I was growing up in Jackson Heights, Queens a scor, little wannabe gangster. You're not from Queens, don't lie. I didn't know that people like me could be actors at 15. I didn't know the word representation, actually, there were a lot of words I didn't know back then, but I saw a lot of brown face.


I saw Marlon Brando play a Mexican and Viva Zapata and Al Pacino played Cuban gangster, Tony Montana and Natalie Wood play a Puerto Rican beauty named Maria. Everybody played us except us. I didn't see a lot of people on TV who looked like me. Of course there was always Ricky, Ricardo, Lucy. You got a lot of explaining and I know, some of you remember the Looney Tunes, cartoon Mouse, speedy Gonzalez, the fastest Ma and his lethargic, useless sidekick. Slow Poke Rodriguez, sorry, Ika, I can't play with you no more.


It's time for my Siesta. And that's how we saw ourselves, because that's all we saw of ourselves. That was my guest. John Lake was ammo at this year's primetime Emmy Awards talking about representation in Hollywood. John, what was, what was the reception to that speech? Wow, it was electric and seismic. I was a little nervous, you know, 'cause I was saying a lot of edgy things. And luckily the Emmy committee relented and allowed me, because Chris Abrego, the new chairman of, of the Emmys is Latino.


And he fought for me to be able to say these things. Did you have to show them what you were gonna say before you said it? Yes. Yeah, I had to And they had to be approved and they had to be a lot of conversations. 'cause they wanted to keep it light. They didn't want people to feel bad. So I made it as funny and light as possible, but I still got my points across, which was powerful. and I saw, you know, people in the audience, you know, nodding, hooting, hollering, snapping back, and I was like, oh my God, I got 'em. And it was quiet. Sometimes you could hear a pin drop and then the laughter and I. It was wild. It was, it was such a beautiful experience. You know, there are so many movies that we grew up with that they're just iconic, you know, thinking about when I was a kid, like Scarface, all of the guys I grew up with loved that it was playing all the time.


and I wonder, like what is your relationship with some of those movies today that really did like, sit in those stereotypes, you know, Mexican bandits and, and westerns or the West Side story with that cast all white actors to play Puerto Ricans and, and Scarface. Yeah, you know, at the time I was like, you know, I was, I didn't feel, you know, they made me feel like I didn't deserve to be the leads in, in, in our own stories. I, I was felt I was made to feel that now that I'm a grown man, it's not okay.


I'm enraged by it. You took an opportunity of a, of a, of a Latin person. You know, Antonio Bandera is playing Latinos. He's not Latino. He's a white European colonizer. It's not his fault. I'm not saying, I mean, it's, it's because we don't have Latino executives who say, look, you're not Latino. Why are you taking Latino roles? You patino, you're a white Italian. Why are you taking, playing a Puerto Rican in Carlito's Way and playing a Cuban in, in Scarface? Those should be Latino roles and it should be Latinos playing them in in, and I would say something controversial, this Menendez story being done right now on Netflix.


There's only one real Latino, there's only one real Latino in that cast. It's a Latino story, a horrible Latino story. But we, there's plenty of Latino actors to play. The dad, i, i, I love Javier Baram. I think he's an incredible actor, but he's not Latino. He's a white Spaniard and a little bit of brown face going on. And that's not cool. I'm a I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do like Kendrick Lamar going after Drake, you know, I'm sorry. But those roles should be to David Zaas, Benjamin Brat. There's ton You'll ask this, tons of Latino actors and talent out there. Put Latinos in Latino roles.


Let's, let's not do a disservice. I see so much Latin talent being laid to waste dreams allowed to desiccate use our Latin talent. You've talked quite a bit over the decades about some of the roles you were offered early on in your career, the stereotypical roles like robber number two and a gang member, stuff like that. Yeah. How did you get out of the trap of playing the stereotype? Because it seems that you, you found your lane in a way to like, navigate that. Yeah, it, it wasn't easy. You know, I was a a a ideal idealistic young man. I believed in meritocracy that talent would rise. But I was at NYU, you know, I was the only Latino kid.


and I was there with some big stars, DB Sweeney and Andrew McCarthy. And they were going to five to 10 auditions a day. and I was going to one every five months for a gang member, a drug dealer, a murderer or janitor. and I realized that, wow, they're, I don't have any, I don't have a shot just because I'm Latino. And then there's this thing called the casting breakdown that would come out every Monday. And it was like Juan Crow because it was like white actor, white doctor, white lawyer, white love interest, Latino drug dealer. And even if I asked them, my agents to put me up so they would see me, they wouldn't see me.


So I knew my opportunities were not equal and were not fair. Even if I was as good looking as Brad Pitt, even if I could write like William Shakespeare and, and Tennessee Williams, I would not be given that opportunity because I was Latino. And so I tried to find some other venues and I found performance art. And there I started creating my first show, Mambo Mouth. I would do all these characters and then I realized, oh my God, what I am saying, people are loving. And so I, I went to Wind Hammond's class and he saw my, my monologues and he loved them and he put 'em on stage at the American Place Theater. And the rest is kind of history. I got an incredible review in the New York Times and then all of a sudden my 70 fold-up seats and my loose leaf paper program, you know, there was Al Pacino and Raul Julia and John F. Kennedy Jr.


Rest in peace. Everybody was coming down, you know. And then when Latin audiences found me, oh my God, it was church. 'cause they would be crying and screaming and laughing and it was wild. And that fueled me, that fueled me for my four decades in the business. You said it, but Mambo mouth, you basically depict it. Was it like five or six characters on stage? And you've said that you felt like your body had been taken over almost like Shamanism. Can you explain what that was like? I mean, you at this point, you were like in your early twenties, right? And we're talking like late eighties, early nineties. Yeah, so I mean, I studied with some of the great acting teachers in the world, Herbert Bergoff, Hanman, Marsha Hret and, and Lee Strasberg.


And so I had great technique and, and the technique of, of being a great actress is to lose yourself. And when and when you're writing, you lose yourself. And sometimes it's not even you. You're just a conduit. And if you can get out the way, it's magic. And it's kind of like religion. So when I was doing Mama Mouth and it was rocking and rolling and I was loose and free, it was wild. You know, you've basically, you just following these impulses that you don't know where they're coming from and you're writing these things that that're just flowing through you and you just have to step outta the way. Do you remember any of the voices from those characters that kind of come up today for you?


I mean, I, I don't do them as much as I used to. I, I used to do them all the time. I don't do 'em as much. I used to, I used to do all my voices all the time. I mean, that's all I did was Voices 24 7. I mean, I was living in a basement in Queens and people thought I was having parties. They go, who? All the people coming to your house? I go, no, it's just me talking to myself, keeping myself company. Yeah, I was kind of a lonely kid sometimes. And you know, I don't do as many voices anymore, but I'm always acting, I'm always acting up a storm. I'm always cracking jokes. Our guest today is actor, comedian, and activist John Lake Zamo. We'll be right back after a short break.


This is Fresh Air.


Hey, it's Mike and Ian. We're the hosts of how to Do Everything from the team at Wait, wait, don't tell me. Every Week we take your questions and find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions. Like, how do I safely jump out of a moving vehicle? How do I dangerously jump out of a moving vehicle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything podcast from NPR.


JD Vance and Tim Walls had their first and only debate on Tuesday. What happened? The NPR Politics podcast has you covered with all the news and analysis from the vice presidential debate. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast wherever you get your podcasts,


This Hispanic Heritage Month, the Code Switch podcast invites you to listen to a side of the immigration story you don't hear often one of joy. Listen, as we spend a day at Flushing Meadows Park in Queens, talking to some of the people that make the park their weakened escape. Listen on the Code Switch podcast from NPR


This is Fresh Air. And today my guest is actor, comedian and activist John Zamo. He has a new three-part documentary series now airing on PBS called Vs. American Historia, the Untold History of Latinos. You wrote in your memoir a few years ago, and I gotta say the name of your memoir because I also am just curious how you come up with titles. But your memoir was titled Pimps Ho Play A Hatas and All the Rest of My Hollywood Friends. You wrote in that memoir that your first audience was your family by making them laugh as a kid. Do you remember when you first realized that you were funny?


Yeah, you know, I, it, it's fascinating because, you know, I I was the class clown. I was the clown at home. I, I was the cut up in my neighborhood and I took great pride in that. You know, every time I, I made my father crack up or my family crack up, that was a, a big score for me. And when I made my friends laugh, forget it, that was everything. Yeah. At house parties and whatnot. I mean, it, it was so incredible for me and it fueled me. That's what, that's what kept me going as a young man. And, and, and that's all I lived for, was to make people laugh. and I Were you doing impersonations and I was doing impersonations? I would imitate family members. I would create characters.


I would at parties, I would put on costumes and whatnot. And on the street I would just, you know, mime, you know, mime my whole character and do a whole improv thing. But then my math teacher, Mr. Zfa, RIP, he, he said, you know, Mr. Mr Zamo, you instead of creating problems, how about becoming a comedian? and I was a punk. So I said, you, but then I went home and I was like, wait a minute, maybe I can do something with my life. and I looked up in the yellow pages back then for the young people at Google. That's how old I am. and I and I called them my analog phone. and I and I started taking classes with Sylvia Lee.


And that was the beginning of, of my acting career at 17. Wow. When you told your parents that, did you tell your parents, were they supportive of this? Oh, they were not. I mean, you can't blame them. They were immigrant parents, working class. They didn't see no Latin people on film or on stage. They just thought it was a dead end thing that I was wasting my life. And they weren't very supportive at all. But I didn't care, you know, I, I, I was, you know, I I I was very independent and I was very anti-authority. So I didn't listen to my parents. I did what I wanted to do. The thing is though, if this is true, your father was an aspiring film director, right?


Yeah, but I don't know what happened to him. He was, when he was 19, he went to Italy and he studied in Chiney Chita where, you know, neorealism and, you know, all the greats, Fellini and, and Pini, all the Nies were, were were creating craft. But he must have changed his, I don't know, either he felt competitive towards me or, I dunno, he just, I think he just thought that this Latino kid, he's not gonna make it. You've said growing up you were too hood for the intellectual kids, too intellectual for the hood kids. Before you found acting in theater at 17, where did you fit?


Where did you find your people? Wherever I could, you know, I moved every year of my life until I was 15. So I always had to make new friends and, and be the new kid on the block. And so I, I got into a lot of fights and also tried to be as charming as possible. 'cause I had no choice. I used my voices and my, and my comedy to make friends. And you know, I find friends in the park, you know, you find friends. Back then it was very different. You hung if you hung out, you'd make some kind of friend, you know what I mean? There was this moment when you were a teenager, when you, you lived in Columbia for a year.


What was that like? Well, that was my parents trying to create their own wilderness program to save me. Really? Yeah. So my parents extracted me from the neighborhood. 'cause I was hanging out with, you know, I wanted to be a gang. I, I wanted to be a gangster and I, there was a lot of gangs in my neighborhood. The savage skulls, the nomads, the spades, the Tomahawks and I wanted to be a, a part of it. I wasn't just, I wasn't that good of a fighter, so they wouldn't let me in because I was too nerdy. And my parents realized I was in a lot of trouble. And so they extracted me from the neighborhood and moved me to Columbia for a year.


And then when I came back, they moved. So I couldn't reassociate with those kids. and I guess they saved me, you know, I, I was very angry at them at the moment, at the time. But now looking back, they saved me, otherwise I wouldn't be where I am today. What was that experience being in Columbia for that year for you? At first I was very depressed and, and, and, and, and so angry at my parents for taking me out of a neighborhood where I was in my prime. I was, I had girlfriends galore. I was very popular, I was funny. I was dancing all over the place and getting attention. And they put me in Columbia where I didn't speak Spanish enough. I, I didn't know these kids.


These were all really wealthy Latino kids in the school. They put me in and we did not, I did not connect, but I had a lot of family there. And that was beautiful. That was a beautiful time for me with my family. I really connected with them and, and got an appreciation for Latin culture and Colombian culture. And so that was a reconnection with Spanish. You know, John, when I first saw you, gosh, 30 plus years ago on house of Bugging, I, I thought you were just so unapologetically you, like you were fully formed an understanding of your culture. And I'm just wondering, how do you think that young guys' life back then would be different if you had known the history that you know now?


Oh my God, I would've been a different human being. Totally. I think I would've been much more rebellious. Yeah. I would've been much more anti-authority and anti society much more so. I mean, I felt small and I felt like I was only talking to my community and New Yorkers. And then when I started touring, I was like, wait a minute, what? When I got to Chicago and there was a huge Puerto Rican and Mexican Cuban population and that the black audiences also like what I was doing and the white audiences, I was like, wait, what a minute, what? And then I went to California and there was a bigger Latin population, and then I went to Texas. I was like, wait, I'm, I'm accepted in Houston, Dallas, Corpus Christi, Macallan, El Paso, and I was like, wait a minute, my work transcends New York City transcends being Colombian and being ghetto, it transcends.


That's when I found my complete power. John Leguizamo, it was such a pleasure to talk to you. Thank you so much for taking the time. Oh, Tanya, it was a blast. Thank you for giving me this space and for giving me this platform and for being so prepared. Oh my God, you you rock my world. John Lake was Amos new PBS series is called VOCES American Historia, the Untold History of Latinos Coming up TV critic David Bian Cooley reviews the 50th season premier episode of Saturday Night Live. This is Fresh Air.


If you love our Fresh Air podcast, you should definitely try NPR Plus, with an upgrade to the NPR plus bundle, you get access and perks from over 20 of NPRs most popular podcasts and more. And with Fresh Air plus you get sponsor free listening and exclusive bonus episodes every week. So basically give a little and get a lot in return. Visit plus.npr.org.


As election day approaches, NPRs consider this podcast is zooming in on six states that could determine who wins the White House, Georgia, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Arizona, and Pennsylvania. We'll ask voters in these swing states what matters to them and which way they want the country to go. Follow along with new episodes this week on the consider this podcast from NPR


Here at Planet Money, we bring complex economic ideas down to earth. We find weird, fun, interesting stories that explain the way money shapes our lives. Inflation recessions, the price of gas we've got you. Listen now to the Planet Money podcast from NPR


This is Fresh Air Saturday Night Live, the long running, late night sketch show that's run on NBC For nearly half a century now, has big plans for its golden anniversary. Lorne Michaels, who has produced SNL for all but five of those years, has a three hour live primetime special set for February a scripted movie based on the making of the show's. First episode has just hit theaters and Michaels is working on different detailed documentaries produced by both Questlove and Morgan Neville. But the spearhead of it all is the 50th season premier episode of SNL, which was broadcast live last Saturday night.


Our TV critic, David Bian Cooley has this review When Saturday Night Live premiered on NBC in the fall of 1975. Gene Smart wasn't a star yet. She had made her mark in regional theater and on Broadway, but it wasn't until the mid eighties that she hit it big as one of the co-stars of the wonderful CBS sitcom designing women. But she's been acting ever since. And earlier this month, she took home the Emmy for her starring role in the Comedy series Hacks. So she has the kind of history as well as clout that makes her the perfect host for the season opener of SNN. Thank You. Thank you, thank you so, so very much. I can't tell you how honored I am to be hosting the premier episode of season 50.


It, it, it truly is incredible to be here. I haven't gotten all dressed up and had hundreds of people clap for me in days, honestly. I remember watching the very first episode of SNL and thinking, someday I'm gonna host that show. And this is the first Saturday that worked with my schedule. Like any long running TV series, SNL has ebbed and flowed over the years, but it's always remained significant and sometimes influential because of its constantly churning core of performers and writers. Its musical guests. Decade in and decade out reflect a mixture of the popular and the just rising to pop consciousness.


And the guest hosts over 50 years have represented just the sort of excitement and inclusiveness you'd hope them to showcase. The 50th anniversary show's musical guest was Jelly Roll, who's made a lot of inroads in a lot of pop culture showcases. But on SNL, he got to sing about something that was very serious to him and counted on the studio and TV audience to accept and absorb it. The Broken glass of a bottle makes a jagged rock by And Right now I got two shaky hands on it. One way to stop it and I haven't touched a drop of seven now three minutes, highly sober it up already.


Want to quit quitting, sweating in an old church basement wishing I was wasted. I never thought I'd say this. Hello, my name is Jason. Having, Losing myself, losing Mind, I was so to be in this seat till I met a man who was 20 years clean. He said everybody here has felt the same defeat. Nobody walks through these doors on a winning street. The insanely gifted rep company comics, though are the heart and soul of SNL and always have been from John Belushi to Bowen Yang.


The show has found ways to make performers blossom and explode, and nothing is more valuable to the show in terms of comedy or impact than its political sketches. SNL opened this season with a very extended one, establishing the new or returning players who would take on this year's political figures. Jim Gaffigan and Andy Sandberg are among the new but familiar faced recruits. But Meyer Rudolph returning as Kamala Harris has her impersonation nailed down and so does a veteran SNL player returning to play for the first time the current president of the United States. We couldn't have gotten here without one man, and his name is Joe Biden.


Get on out here to Biden. Yes, it was Dana Carvey who walked out towards the podium to the delight of the crowd, shuffling like a slightly faster old man, Tim Conway on the Carol Burnett show. As soon as Carvey hit the mic, he started digressing in a way that was just as funny and probably just as memorable as the way he used to take on George HW Bush Folks. That's right. A lot of people forget I'm president, including me. Well, guess what? And by the way, I think I, I did a pretty good job.


I passed more bills than president history, but folks, we still got work to do. No joke. I mean, serious right now. Come on. It'll be tricky for the writers to hit the right comic and satirical tones for the remainder of this election. There's a lot going on and some of it on either side of the political fence just isn't very funny. But SNL has a good cast this year with some young new additions. So I'm willing to just sit back, watch and hope for the best, just like I've been doing For nearly 50 years now. David Bian Cooley is a professor of television studies at Rowan University. He reviewed the premier episode of the 50th season of Saturday Night Live.


Tomorrow on Fresh Air, we talk with economist David Wessel about the different plans that Donald Trump and Kamala Harris have for the American economy. Trump talks about high tariffs and deporting immigrants. Harris wants to tax the wealthy and provide direct help to families. I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer is Adam Stanski. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Roberta Shorrock, Annmarie Baldonado, Sam Rigger, Lauren k Crile, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Challenor, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producers are Molly CV Nesper and Sabrina Seaward. Susan Nadi directed today's show with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley. Wisconsin's presidential vote has often come down to less than 1% of the state's population on NPRs. Consider this podcast, we'll hear what's keeping Wisconsin voters up at night. We Need someone who's gonna be dedicated to what's happening for Us, Wisconsin, where just 20,000 votes could swing a state of nearly 6 million this week on NPRs. Consider this podcast. The candidates for November are set. I know Donald Trump's title Between now and Election Day.


We are not Going Back a campaign season unfolding faster. Kamala Harris is not getting a promotion than any in recent history. Make America Great again. Follow it all with new episodes every weekday on the NPR Politics Podcast.