
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member DC


This is Fresh Air. I'm Teria Gross. John La Cari wrote spy novels that transcended the genre, Philip Roth called LAI's 1986 novel, a perfect spy, the best English novel since the war. His most beloved character was George Smiley, the physically unassuming, but brilliant British spy master, the protagonist of many of La Carre's novels, including Tinker Taylor, soldier, spy, and Smiley's People. Lare, whose real name was David Cornwell died in 2020, but George Smiley returns in a new novel called Carlos Choice. It's written by Cornwell's son Nick, who goes by his own pen name.


Nick Haraway Haraway spoke with Fresh Air's, Sam Brier. Here. Sam Carla's Choice takes place in 1963 between Leary's novels, the Spy who came in from the cold and Tinker Taylor Soldier, spy Smiley, has retired from the circus, the nickname for the British Overseas Intelligence Agency. After an agent and his lover were killed in East Berlin. Their lives sacrificed for the success of a mission, a decision Smiley initially agreed to, but has come to regret. But Smiley is called back into service by his boss, known as control to conduct one simple interview, however, that leads to much more than he bargained for. The story also serves as the origin story of Smiley's nemesis in the KGB known only as Carla.


This is Nick Haraway's, first George Smiley novel, but his eighth overall, they include Tigerman, Noman, and titanium noir. So Nick Haraway, welcome to Fresh Air. Hello. Tell me how did you decide to write a George Smiley novel and why? Now, I actually decided not to. We, we had this conversation running inside the family because when we inherited the estate, the literary estate, we inherited an obligation to try to keep the books read to, to keep the name alive, but more than anything else, to keep the, the books in circulation and so on. And in, in this moment, the way that you do that is by focusing attention on them through adaptations, through new material, through essentially commercial projects.


So the conversation we were having was, you know, what can we do to, to put the books back in everybody's mind? How do we, how do we fulfill this obligation? And the obvious thing is you need a new book. So I had a list in my head of people who would be amazing at writing a new George Smiley novel. And, and I had decided I wasn't gonna suggest I should do it. I, I, I had firm reasons why I wouldn't. And we were having the meeting and my brother Simon said, so before we get started, there's a really, there's quite a compelling logic that it should be you. and I was like, yeah, I know. And he said, no, but I mean, I'm asking you, you know, will you do it?


And in that moment, all the reasons why I wouldn't, it's incredibly challenging. It's this extraordinary piece of 20th century literary history. It's this, it's that all these things became the reasons why I would. It must have been a pretty daunting task though, to when you decided to go ahead to actually start writing this book. Oh, yeah. and I mean not past tense either. It's still daunting. It's still, and and it'll be daunting after the book comes out. It'd probably be daunting for the rest of my life. Yeah, no, it's huge. But it's also, but again, that's why, you know, that's why it's worth doing. You, you, you don't do things that are safe. You do things that are scary.


And when I started doing it, yes, it was terrifying, but it also became something that I loved. What were some of the things in your head that you thought about that sort of overrode the anxiety or fear about writing this, that you were really excited to try to do in the novel? I mean, so non-specific things. I wanted a literary apprenticeship with my dad because I, I watched him write, I learned writing from him by osmosis, but we never really talked about writing very much. And so the idea of sitting down and holding the controls of the machine and operating it the way he did and working with those characters was a way to learn, which I wanted.


Let's talk a little bit about George Smiley. He's physically unremarkable. He's this pudgy, middle aged guy who you'd likely forget, well, if you saw him in a crowd. And that's in part intentional one character when first meeting him thinks he has more like the personality of a green grocer rather than a spy master, and not how she would imagine what a spy was like. And you're right, he has a wit so dry that many people miss it and mistake it for dullness. So why do you think your father originally wrote the character like that? I think he wanted, I, I mean, I think first of all, it was because he wanted to say that the spy world is not the, the world of James Bond, the one that he knew, Which was, it was almost an antidote to the James Bond now was Originally.


Yeah. And, and you know, in the UK you had, you had James Bond, you had Bulldog Drummond, you had these very, you know, very much action hero type spy stories. And his experience was not that, it wasn't these sort of incredibly energetic, combat orientated people, you know, sort of flawless heroes. It was ordinary people doing a hard, endless, possibly slightly futile thing and, and banging up against their own flaws. And he wanted, you know, to, to show the humanity, showing the humanity so that you can understand it and feel compassionate about it, is a big part of everything he wrote.


So I think that's where it is. And Smiley is in many ways the epitome of that. He's just this guy. And yet at the same time, of course, he, he's this tremendously intelligent reasoner and he's empathic and he understands people before they understand themselves. So you have, on the one hand, a character who's in every man in a world that feels appropriately run down to the universe we know. And on the other, you have a kind of Sherlock Holmes character who can explain to you the impossibly complex, stupid, brutal realities of the world that you see around you and tell you why they are that way and even control 'em a little bit to make them less so.


So it's that combination, which I think makes him incredibly appealing. I'd like you to just read a little bit from, from the book. This is As Smiley is going back to the circus for the first time, he's been asked to come back after he's retired and he's been enjoying his life. He's been spending time with his wife. He hasn't really been thinking about espionage. He's experiencing joy in a way that he hasn't in a very long time. But now he's has to return to the circus, which is the nickname for the intelligence agency. And he has to go through this transformation in order to become a spy again. And I asked you to shorten the, the excerpt, but if you could please read it for us, that'd be great.


For Smiley, the experience of returning to the circus that evening was like a willed drowning. It was as if, as he climbed St. Martin's lane in the direction of his old office, he were making his way down onto the plane of an abyssal sea. For the last months he had lived in a daylight world, had espoused its meanings and attitudes and enjoyed the simple pleasures of other men. Now, as he approached the familiar door, he found that he was once again engaging in the exercise of paranoia, which had governed his former life. Deliberately. He let the nature and movements of his fellow pedestrians function as a random factor in his own movements, making up ridiculous rules as he went along.


The notion of constant danger was a madness that men in his profession must both inhabit and put aside. And the truth was more complex, that the world could change in an instant from clear and kind to desperate and cold. And the trick to survival lay in knowing that instant before it happened, and not when this was a skill he had once possessed, but could not guarantee until he tested it again. By the time he reached the circus, he was, as he had been for the three preceding decades of his life, afraid. That's Nick Haraway reading from his new book, Carla's Choice. So Nick, tell us about that idea that you came up with that in order to be a spy, you, you really must be afraid.


I think the job of the spy, in many ways is to think the unthinkable, to ask yourself the questions, which in normal life you would dismiss as absurd. I had some brief discussions. I did, I did a, a consultancy gig here in the UK where people were asking me to look at what are the unseeable threats, what are the invisible ones? And it's very hard. You can't look at the back of your own head in the mirror. But a SP's job is to do that all the time. And it to do it, if you're an, if you're an operative in the field, to do it in the micro as well, to ask yourself whether the waiter is putting something in your drink, you know, to question whether the person you see delivering the mail is actually a postman and I mean we are to a certain extent, speaking of fantasy life, but hypervigilance that sense of, of looking at everything twice and seeing things outta place.


The the psychological trait that people develop who've been in traumatic situations for prolonged periods of time. I have absolutely no doubt that that is an aspect of being in the field in an espionage context, And this is in his own country. But you have characters that have to go behind the Iron curtain and their, their contingencies. They're worried, have I picked the right shoes? Are they scuffed enough? Are they gonna look too new? Did I forget to put on the right watch? Am I, did I just whistle a song that's gonna betray my origins? And you actually have a funny moment where a, a Soviet spy tells someone that he was trained at a facility that had a dozen different kinds of toilets.


Because the one thing that would betray you the quickest would be if you didn't really understand how to use a bathroom that supposedly you'd lived with your entire life. So, so first of all, was that something you came up with it, or have you, had you heard that? So I had a long time ago a conversation with a guy who identified himself as having been trained at a facility like that, which I thought was, I mean, the, the most extraordinary idea, you know, but the logic is impeccable, right? Yeah, it makes sense. If you don't, if you don't know like that the cold water is say, switched in the sink, then that's gonna give you up right away. Yep. I mean, yes. So it would seem some, certainly someone in a training facility somewhere apparently believes that, right?


So Nick, this could be considered a prequel to Tinker Taylor, soldier Spy, if you care to use that word. And one of the things that a prequel can do is kind of explain the background to behavior in the original book. And one of the things I really like about this book is that you, you rehabilitate the character of Anne George Smiley's wife in your father's books. Anne is almost always off stage having very public and multiple affairs being unfaithful to Smiley. And, and in fact, in Tinker Taylor, she's a sort of a pawn in a huge betrayal of smiley. And so when you read those books, like it's hard not to think of Anne as, as a kind of villain, but you turn that on your head in this book.


Yeah, I mean, with Anne specifically, I wanted to do that. But in general, when I approached the, the characters and the story that I, you know, that I knew I was fitting into, one of the things I wanted was to have a situation where there would, on the one hand, kind of be illuminated by the story, but on the other hand, that would just leave you with more questions. And so when, when you learn things about the characters in Carla's choice, and you're gonna see them again later in Tinker Taylor, if you go on and read, read Tinker Taylor and so on, what I want is for you to feel that you know them, but somehow that just makes them more mysterious. The more you learn about people, well less, you know, the more there is to know. And so with Anne and with George, first of all, when I was talking to people about Anne and George's relationship, I asked a bunch of people who love my father's books and I said, does Anne love George?


And everybody said, yes. No one has any doubt that she loves him, and no one has any doubt that he loves her. So why doesn't it work? They have a relationship, which by any measure, ought to work, and yet it doesn't. It's fundamentally broken by the time you get to Tinker Taylor. And so I wanted to elucidate and I wanted to, you know, to kind of say why that could be, how can that be? And, and then obviously, you know, the book ends where it does, and that leaves you with kind of Yeah. But how come, you know, surely there must be something they can do. One of the things that I find so sad about Tinker Taylor Soldier Spy is that George spends the most amount of his time trying to figure out two people.


Like one is his nemesis, Carla in the KGB, but the other is Anne, his wife. And they're both mysteries to him, that's not a positive view of marriage, I guess I would say, too. No, it's not. Well, and I don't think it's a secret that my dad was abandoned by his mother at the age of five. Right. And his relationships, you know, I mean, by the way, for good and sufficient reason, because his father was a monster, you know? So his relationships were shaped by that, as you would expect. I mean, and he was, you know, he was in a traumatic environment for an extraordinarily chunky part of his, his young life, and eventually kind of ran away from school and ran away from the UK and found himself a, a place to exist in, in bound and so on.


But, you know, so, you know, without wishing to be kind of armchair psychologist about it is not hard to see why, you know, particularly in his earlier writing, the female characters tend to be absent and off stage or inaccessible because that's what he knew. We will talk about your dad's family life a little bit later, but before we get to that, how did you approach the language of this book? It seems to me that you're emulating your father's style of writing, which I think is quite different from your own instincts as a writer. Like your father tended to write pretty straightforward, elegant, but but simple sentences and I think, when I read your previous books, like I feel like you tend to be playful in the structure of your sentences.


Like they, they're almost Victorian in their complexity. Sometimes I feel like I'm on a rollercoaster, and the the pleasure is sort of watching the daring of the sentence that, that, and there's like humor almost embedded in the sentence structure. So, so how did you go about writing more in your father's style? So, lots to unpack there. First thing is, my father's style isn't constant across his writing. I mean, of course it's not because it's a huge career, but with the Smiley books particularly, you have the first three called for the Dead Murder of Quality and sparking from the Cold. And they are, as you describe shorter sentences, quite declarative, they're almost noirish.


They have quite simple plot lines, and they obey this dictum that he had, that he liked to trot out of from civil service telegrams and, and civil service reports, 400 words, no adjectives. They're very clear and, and stark. And then by the time you get to Tinker Taylor, you've had a couple of books in between. You have a different, a different ethos at work. The language is much more roving, much more illusory. The book is more complex, the structures are more complex, and there's, you know, it's more poetic. So that's the first thing is that there's a lot, there's a lot going on. And then his, his language changes again in the post Cold War novels.


There's a whole other thing going on there. So that's, that's number one. Second thing is, yes, my writing in my books does tend to be denser, playful, and so on. But part of that with my earlier books is an absolutely determined attempt to put some clear blue water between him and me. And the thing that I realized when I started talking about Carla's Choice, because I and I would've been so great to have had this thought before I wrote the book, not because it would've changed anything, but it, because it would've made me feel much safer. I was born in 1972 and I grew up with my dad reading his work, new pages.


He'd write in the early morning and then come to the breakfast table, read them across the table to my mother. Sometimes she'd type them up, you know, and then he'd be reading 'em again in the afternoon from the TypeScript, or he'd be working on the TypeScript the following morning. And incidentally, I love this, they used to use scissors and a stapler that was cut and paste. 'cause we're pre-digital word processing, right? And so, but in the, in the fundamental years where I was developing language at all, an hour, two hours of my day consisted of hearing the George Smiley novels being written. So when I came to write this and I sort of, I thought, I gotta turn the dial a little bit to towards dad. It was 1%, one notch, and suddenly it was there.


Really, It was that easy to come To. It was so simple. So Nick, you, you grew up really during the height of your father's career. And when his books came out, it was an event like, everyone read his books. I remember them sitting on my parents' bedside table. And your father was one of the most famous, if not the most famous writers of his time. He was, he was a celebrity as a writer, but he was also considered a serious novelist. What was it like to be his son at that time? Like, what was your home like? So the first thing I should say is that it's, it's unknowable for me in a way, because I don't know what it was like to be anybody else's kid.


And for most of my life, I have imagined that because my mother made a huge effort to keep our lives somewhat down to earth in various ways, and was very successful in that, that, that my life was sort of mostly like everybody else's, but not in certain very specific ways. And the more I look at it now from a distance, the more I realized that's nonsense. On an epic scale, my life was very odd by any reasonable standard. I mean, so how did it actually, how did it work? I mean, I, we've talked about him reading across the table to my mom and so on. So, you know, and that's, you know, that's not something most people experience.


And certainly it's not something most people experience with kind of genre defining historical period defining fiction. I remember on the one hand, we lived, when I was little, we lived on a house on the Cornish cliff. We had our nearest neighbor was a mile away. I'm a Gen X kid. I spent my time walking up and down the coastal path with a dog by myself at the age of six. You know, I was a little bit feral. I came back with mud on my face and, you know, and I dreamed Lord of the Rings dreams because I was reading Lord of the Rings. Well, a year later, you know, and, and I, I mean, I just thought I lived in Rivendale and then every so often the house would fill up with people and those people would be in some way important that I didn't properly understand.


And they would be publishers and they would be foreign correspondence and journalists, and some of them would be politicians, and some of them would have no defined profession. No. And they were, they were fascinating. Right. We need to take another break here. We're speaking with novelist Nick Haraway about his new book, Carlos Choice. It takes place during the Cold War and follows the pursuits of Spy Master George Smiley, a character created by his father, John Lare More after a break. I'm Sam Brier, and This is Fresh Air. Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross host of the show. One Of the things I do is write the weekly newsletter, And I'm a newsletter fan.


I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning.


This message comes from NPR sponsor NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash story.


This message comes from Carvana with Carvana value Tracker. You can track your car's value anytime, anywhere. Carvana will even let you know when your car's value changes with updated emails, however you value your car, know it's worth with Carvana Value Tracker.


Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air up first. NPR News now. Planet Money, TED Radio Hour throughline, the NPR Politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcast you can enjoy, sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option Learn more at plus dot npr.org. If you love our Fresh Air podcast, you should definitely try NPR Plus, with an upgrade to the NPR plus bundle, you get access and perks from over 20 of NPR R's most popular podcast and more. And with Fresh Air plus you get sponsor free listening and exclusive bonus episodes every week. So basically give a little and get a lot in return. Visit plus.npr.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Sam Rigger. Our guest is novelist Nick Haraway. That's the pen name of Nick Cornwell. Son of David Cornwell, better known by his pen name John Lare. If all those aliases remind you of a good spy thriller, well then I guess that's appropriate. John Lare wrote, spy novels considered great literary fiction. They often revolved around his most beloved character. British Spy Master, George Smiley Lere died in 2020, but his son, Nick Haraway, has written a new novel with George Smiley called Carla's Choice. It takes place in the time period between two of Leary's best known books, the Spy Who Came In from the Cold and Tinker Taylor, soldier Spy. This is Nick Haraway's eighth novel. His other books include The Gone Away World, Noman, titanium Noir, and Tigerman.


Why did you decide to, to use a pen name? I mean, you, I think you probably could have gotten away with being Nick Cornwell since you wouldn't have been associated with your father, because, well, perhaps you would've been, but he was more known as a novelist as John Lere. So and So, there's two reasons why. And the first one you just experienced, which is saying Nick Cornwell is quite difficult. It's just genuine. Nick Caraway Is not Nick Haraway Well, but you don't have to do the double C in the middle. Right, right. The the second thing is actually you're, I mean, you're right and you're wrong about whether I would've been associated with my dad. I, the name of David Cornwall was sufficiently well known, certainly within the industry, that it wouldn't have been a very big fig leaf. But also when you go into any bookshop in London and look in the C-section for Cornwall, you find Patricia Cornwall and Bernard Cornwall.


And between them, they have, I don't know, a hundred books or something more. and I was like, I'm gonna write one book and they're gonna put it right next to these, and no one's ever gonna find it. Nevermind they nevermind. If they never look for it, even if they look for it, they're never gonna see me. and I just thought, okay, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna have a pseudonym. And the other thing was, to be honest, I knew from my father's life that having a pseudonym is a really useful shield. If somebody wants to yell at Nick Haraway, they can really do it as much as they like, in the end, however much it upsets me, it doesn't get to me. You know? But when somebody comes to you in your real name, that's a different experience. Why Haraway? 'cause it does kind of rhyme with Lare, doesn't It?


I know. Isn't that weird? I did not notice that until much too late to change it. I think it's because I just, again, like Osmotically, I believe that the rhythm of a pseudonym should have the, the second part should have 3 3, 3 syllables. Yeah. You know the story about my dad choosing his own pseudonym, that he was told he should have a good solid, like two mono syllables, good English name. And he was so irritated by this advice that he chose to make up a French name instead. So anyway, yeah, I, so I, when I decided I wanted a name, I, I went to Brewers dictionary of Phrase and Fable and I literally let it flop. Open stuck pins in the words.


and I had a list of 20 absolutely stupid names. Parkway was the last one. Can you give us another one? Do you have any, do you remember Cantaloupe Canal, Thomas Cantaloupe, which would not have been good. No. So, Nick, your paternal grandfather, Ronnie, it's, it's known that he was a conman. He did time for fraud. At one point he was an arms dealer. Your father would have periods of life with him where they would be living the high life. And then other times when they had to hide from creditors. And your father seems to have wrestled with this relationship his whole life. Like the, my favorite chapter of his memoir, the Pigeon Tunnel, is all about his father and his novel, A perfect spy considered one of his best is, is also a way where he's wrestling with, with his dad.


He died when you were very young. Did, do you know if you ever met him? I was in a room with him as a baby, and he immediately looked at me and said, there you are, you see my eyes. Hmm. At which point my mother apparently kinda stepped between us and said, no, he does not. Wow. You know, I Ronnie was a conman and he did do prison time. He didn't do enough, you know, and my dad, although he talked about Ronnie, and he, he didn't struggle with Ronnie. He was haunted by Ronnie. He was sort of inwardly terrorized by Ronnie.


Ronnie was, was walking trauma with a shiny smile. And, you know, and the weird thing, he had that thing that some really terrible people have where even the people he worst misused were pleased to see him when he turned up again, people, he canned people whose life savings he ruined would go to court to defend him, would, you know, because he was charming and he made everybody feel good. But, you know, I have, I have the privilege of having grown up with the funny Ronnie stories and not with Ronnie, but in my kind of adulthood as I look at my dad's life and, and my dad.


And, and incidentally, you know, when we say they were hiding from the bailiffs and they were hiding from the law and so on, Ronnie was hiding from the law. And his, his minor children were dragged along for the ride. Right. And your dad was off, was was at times recruited to, to work for him to, To, yeah. No, not just, I mean, not just recruited. I mean, I think the reason that Ronnie wanted his children to counterfeit the manners of the aristocracy and the elite class in the UK at the time was because that was how you got a better class of mark. Oh, really wanted. So that was just to further cr future crimes. I'm sure he told himself or told them that he just wanted them to be better than him.


But I have absolutely no doubt that he wanted them to be his doorways, his signers, his, you know, his access. Well, we need to take a short break here if you're just joining us. I'm speaking with writer Nick Haraway about his novel Carla Choice. It's a new story about George Smiley, the British Spy Master made famous in the books written by Haraway's Father John LeCarre more after a break. This is Fresh Air. Hey there, it's Tamara Keith. I cover the White House. I know this is hard to believe, but one day the election will be over, then the winner gets a lot more powerful. It's my job to report on what they do with that power. That's public accountability, but it's not possible without public support.


So please support our work. Sign up for NPR plus go to plus.npr.org On the Code Switch podcast. We think about race and identity all the time. On a recent episode, we try to make sense of the devastating violence in Gaza by turning to James Baldwin, the writer and intellectual who thought a lot about what was happening in Israel during his lifetime. His words speak to the present in unexpected ways, hear how they might help you think through it too. On the Code Switch podcast, only from NPR. All this month short wave is serving up tricks and treats from Ghost Wolf, DNA and the Science of Death to the relationship between anxiety and horror movies.


With a slate of Halloween episodes to get you in the spirit. This October, subscribe to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR This is Fresh Air. We're speaking with novelist Nick Haraway. He's written a new novel called Carla's Choice. It's set in the world of his father John LE's spy novels. When we left off, we were talking about his father's childhood. As a son of a con man, let's listen to a clip where Lere is talking about his father from the 2023 documentary, the Pigeon Tunnel by Errol Morris. The other voice you'll hear is Errol Morris.


My father was a confidence trickster. Life was a stage where pretense was everything. Being off stage was boring and risk was attractive. But above all, what was attractive was the imprint of personality of truth. We didn't speak of conviction, we didn't speak. So you felt like a dupe? No, I joined, I joined you. Polish your act, learn to tell funny stories, show off.


You discover early that there is no center to a human being. I wasn't a dupe, I was invited to dupe other people. So that's John Lare from the documentary based on his memoir, the Pigeon Tunnel. And Nick, you know, in the memoir, your father goes on to explain that, that learning how to be a liar, that watching his father's cons, like he thinks that that set him up for his two main careers, being a spy and being a writer. Because he says at one point, I'm a liar. Born to lying bred to it, trained to it by an industry that lies for a living.


Practiced in it as a novelist, I was, you know, wondering what you thought of that idea. I think it's undeniable and I. Think incidentally, I would throw in the contemporary British public school system. Hmm. Which taught emotional deceit at a very high level. You know, he was shipped off to boarding school at five, and I was talking to someone who said, you, you know, in that situation, you have to choose whether you love your family or you love the school. Hmm. And it's just less painful to love the school. Hmm. You know, and those institutions turned out our colonial governors, our military commanders, you know, they, they, it was a machine for the creation of the British Empire.


And that was what Ronnie wanted to participate in. And it's what he wanted his sons to become. And so do you see that that sort of extends to you? That like your ability as a writer is due in part to like this lineage that goes back to your grandfather? Yeah, because stories were the currency around our table when I was growing up. If I came home from school, I had a story. Dad would have something to share. We'd, you know, we'd swap stories as a way of getting to know each other. If I came back from when I was at university, when I came home, you know, what's the best story you've got? Come on, let's have it. What's been fun, what's been interesting, what's been strange? And you know, and vice versa.


And we traded stories as, as emotional currency, as a way of, of reestablishing contact and, and closeness. And so, you know, so in that situation you learn to tell stories. And I've done it completely unconsciously with my own children. In fact, we play a game where everybody in the room comes up with a, an object or a thing or a even just an idea. And you will say them out loud at the same time. And then people take turns knitting them together into a narrative that makes sense. It's a great car game for children. You can do it. You, unlike Ipy, you can do it indefinitely because it's attractive to children, it's attractive to adults. Would you practice those stories as a kid? Because if, if you knew you were gonna have to tell a story, would you, would you perform them in your mind to get them right.


No, No, no. You learn to do them first time. Hmm. You learn, you learn effectively. Basic improv. And, and that also by the way, is still still part of the curriculum of the schools that I went to. You know, that just that kind of baseline ability to start from a question to which you don't know the answer and knit a response that's plausible. and I, when I was, when we had Boris Johnson as our prime minister, I was watching him do all the things I learned how to do, just make up a plausible answer to a question you have no idea about. So you went to boarding school as well? I did not go to boarding school. I went to a a, a minor or mid grade uk, London Public School, but not a boarding school.


But were you taught to lie there as well? Oh yes. Directly very, extremely, extremely elegantly and openly. We had a moment where one of our teachers said, look, in five minutes we're gonna talk about the influence of Ludwig brand on TS Elliot. And we all looked at each other in absolute horror. And he goes, no, there is no Ludvig brand, but there will come a moment in your life, whether it's professional or whether it's academic or whatever, when you have to answer a question you don't know the answer to. and I will tell you right now, the best thing to do is say, I'm so sorry. I have absolutely no idea. But there are contexts where you cannot do that. Hmm. And you are not leaving this building unable to counterfeit an answer. Wow.


That's remarkable. I think actually incidentally, a really superb skill. Because also the other thing, it teaches you how is how to spot when someone else is doing it Well because of their language or you looking for tells or what are you doing? Well, the first, so I mean, the first thing that we were taught was you say, well, I think the really interesting thing about brand is maybe not his direct influence on Elliot, but the discussion with Pound. And then you can talk about Pound and Elliot for as long as you Like. Which, which, right. So you, you've gotten rid of the thing you don't know. Exactly. Right. And then when, but then you look back at your interlocutor and they say, of course they do because they want to be polite and they wanna be part of this interesting conversation.


They say, well, yes. And of course, you know, brand was also involved with, you know, with some of the other intellectuals in that circle. And interestingly with a lot of visual artists, you know, and you bring up then whatever, you know, whatever visual artist you wanna do. Right. And little by little in the course of the conversation, you can get more information from them about brand. And so by the end of the conversation you can actually know enough to say something obvious, but nonetheless, which they will agree with because they've just told you, but overtly about Brandon Elliot. And then they think you're very clever. Well, now I'm just questioning this whole interview. I haven't had the opportunity to do it. You know, getting back to your father's family, his mother ran away from the family abandoning him at five.


Do you think that it was hard for your father to figure out how to be a parent himself because he had no good role models? Like, I mean, it seems like he was a very loving dad, but like he had to sort of figure it out from, from scratch. I think that's true. I mean, I think he had bizarrely good role models who were not his parents. He had teachers, he had aunts, he had his Irish grandmother. He had these kind of people who stepped into those roles. Half of them were kind of con artists and chauffeurs and dancing girls. But they, you know, but they did the job 'cause it was there and they were decent people. Decent people, but crooks some of the time, you know, but not, you know, it's possible to be a crook and not be Ronnie Cornwall.


So, but yeah, he had to make it up. But then I think, I mean, I'm a parent now and you always have to make it up. You know, you said that your father was haunted by his, his father and, you know, and he tried to figure out what to make of his father through his writing. and I. I was wondering that if in some ways, if your father haunts you, not as an unwanted spirit, but because you chose to become a writer because he's such, he has such a presence as a novelist. Like when, when you're writing, do you sort of see him looking at, at your work over your shoulder? I hoped in the kind of inevitable, kind of corny movie sequence way that when I wrote this book, I would sort of look up from my desk and see him sitting in the chair by the window kind of, you know, maybe with a kind of Obiwan Kenobi vibe.


But remember the Semicolon, he's a force Ghost. Exactly. and I. And of course I didn't, and I'm not sure I even really hoped it. I just, you know, it just would've felt kind of movie appropriate. But what I got instead was the companionship of occupying the space that he occupied, that the business of standing and holding the levers of the smiley machine and, and moving them around. And, and there is a kind of unity that I get from that, which is incredibly emotionally powerful. And some days it's actually kind of too emotionally powerful.


You know, you have to kind of tamper down. Yeah. But I'm not haunted by him. I I'm even in the most benign sense, I grieve occasionally. I mean, you, you know, that doesn't go away. It, it just gets manageable, you know. But I, when he died, I had this extraordinary moment because it was the deep days of, of Covid lockdowns in the uk. And he was in a hospital we couldn't go into, he was allowed in because he was ultimately an end of life care. They would let one person in every day. And there were only two people allowed to be on that list so they could alternate. And two of my three brothers then were in town.


And one of them, Tim, who Atlas is also now dead, had a more shaky relationship with him at the time. And I had to have this extraordinary sort of moment where one of us could go and, and see him, and one of us couldn't. and I was like, well, okay, it's obviously you because I really didn't have anything that I needed to say or that I needed him to say to me. We had no unfinished business. and I felt that Tim did. And he went in and they held hands. I don't know whether they even spoke really, but it mattered to, to Tim. It was, it was important. and I hoped that the next day they would bend the rules for me because there was, you know, anything was possible in that moment, if, if, if you asked nicely enough, because it was obvious what was happening.


And then he died at sort of nine o'clock that night. And obviously on the one hand, I wish I could have kind of said hi and bye one more time. However awful that would've been. But I also don't regret the decision for one second because there was nothing outstanding between us. And your brother Tim passed away a few years after that, didn't He? Yeah, he, he, he died by ridiculous medical accident. I mean, not, not in a hospital situation. He, he had a, a pulmonary embolism, I think. Right. And, and died on holiday.


So you know that Yeah, it was, it was a rough few years. Yeah. Well, we need to take a short break here if you're just joining us. I'm speaking with writer Nick Haraway about his new novel Carlos Choice. It's a new story about George Smiley, the British Spy Master made famous in the books, written by Haraway's father John Lare More after Break. This is Fresh Air


Read about the impact of women in music with NPR R's new book, how Women Made Music A Revolutionary History from NPR Music. This stunning anthology offers original writing and illustrations, interviews and photos, and the audio book includes 52 years worth of interview excerpts with more than 60 legendary artists. Visit npr.org/how Women Made Music to Order.


Now,


Coming up on the indicator for Planet Money is Love Week, our week long series, exploring the Business and Economics of Romance. Ever wonder how cable channels crank out so many rom-coms around Christmas time? Or wish you could get relationship advice from an economist? I'm listening. That's love Week from the Indicator. Listen on your podcast app or smart speaker Love,


Do you feel like there's more on your to-do list than you can accomplish? Or maybe the world's problems feel extra heavy these days? We can't eliminate stress, but we can manage it. It's almost like I have a new operating system now. Like I tend to live more in this light. Stressless a quest to reclaim your calm. A new series from NPRs life Kit podcast.


This is Fresh Air. We're speaking with novelist Nick Haraway. He's written a new novel called Carla Choice. It's set in the world of his father, John Lares. Spy books centered around the beloved spy, George Smiley, Haraway's. Other novels include Titanium, no, no, Tigerman and Noman. There was a collection of your father's Letters came out a few years ago. It's called a Private Spy. And there's one letter to you in this book, and I was wondering if you would Wouldn't mind if I read it? Yeah, it's terrifying. I can't remember which one It is. Okay. Well, I don't think it, it doesn't read terrifying. So, but this was on the occasion of your 21st birthday.


I don't know if in in Britain turning 21 as as a big a deal as it is in the United States, but is it, It doesn't have any legal consequences anymore here, but it's still symbolically A rite of passage in some ways. Yeah. Okay. So here, here it goes. My dearest Nick, I have had this little candlestick in my workroom for the last 25 years, from the last years of my first marriage. And all through my second till today, it acquired a corny but real symbolism for me. And in bad times, I would shove a candle into it and light it as some kind of affirmation of belief in myself, my talent, my survival. For this reason, I wish you to have it now with my love as an antidote to occasional despair.


I hope it will remind you that you are a good man when you need reminding and your own man and no one else's, and that you have one life only and no candle ever got longer. And that you have a great spirit and a lot to do with all my love, David. So that's a, that's a lovely letter. Do you still have that candlestick? I do, of course I do. Yeah. No, absolutely. and I have it. And, and normally actually at the moment it's, it's in a cupboard 'cause I need to give it a, a proper clean. But normally it sits on a, a little campaign table that he had, which he occasionally used for writing, although it's not very practical, which he gave me a couple of years before he died.


So that, that's why I have the two of them together. You know, it's a, it's a, a lovely letter and a and it's, it's a very thoughtful gift. Were you able to appreciate it at the time you were 21? Or were you like, oh, thanks a lot of candle? Oh no, yeah, no, I I I knew what I was being given. I mean, it's, no, we, you know, it's very, it's it's very un British. But we did big gestures. We did, we did kind of emotional conversations. It's, he, he would almost have you believe that we were all too buttoned up to do that. But except if you, if you read the books, you realize that of course, you know, they are depictions of actually the Brits coming unbuttoned and in all kinds of, you know, extraordinary ways.


And, and he was very much that person. He was actually the most cosmopolitan soul. He was somebody who, who reached out looking for, as it were, ERs Germany or, or red Vienna, or, you know, the moments when anything is possible and people mix and great ideas are, are discovered, or great poems or written, whatever. He, he went as a child and kind of constantly as an adult, he went looking for those places. And so very appropriately, he's, he's, he's the least British Brit, despite being sort of iconically.


And of course, of course he ended up Irish. Anyway, I saved the most important question for last. So I hope you're prepared for this. I am, I Am. For a while you had a job writing copy for a lingerie catalog. Yes. Briefly. So I just, just was wondering what, what that was like. and I, you know, I, I assume that a lot of lingerie is purchased by men and not by women, you know, as gifts that perhaps women will appreciate, perhaps not. So I was wondering, like when you're writing copy, were you writing from the perspective of a man or a woman or what, what were you doing?


First of all, I think, I think we need to loosen our sense of who was the lingerie in the situation. I, fair Enough. Okay. It's open season. Okay, second of all, so this was, a friend of mine ran a, a, a boutique in, in North London. And she had this kind of wildly glamorous, goofy selection, which was beloved of all kinds of people. And She said to me, will you, you know, we are doing the catalog, will you, will you do text for the catalog? and I said, sure, what do you want? And she had created this extraordinary character, miss Lala, who was the, the kind of muse of the boutique.


And she wanted it all written in the Voice of Miss Lala. And so it was, it was less about describing the number of clips and buttons and, and how frightfully erotic the whole thing is, and more about expressing a kind of massive joy in the ridiculousness and the beauty and the preposterousness of, of the whole thing. And doing a kind of earth a kit as Catwoman kind of, you know. And it was huge fun. And it terrifies me that that biography is still out there in the world for you to find. Can you channel a little Miss Lala for us?


I, you know, I honestly can't. I could, let me see. Sounds like the j Peterman catalog from Seinfeld. Yeah, well, no, it was so, it was kind of, oh my darlings, you need to understand the sheer iridescent beauty of this piece. It's just, it makes me feel so divine. And of course, except that it was quite fruity and I'm not sure what we're allowed to say, but, you know, probably not very much. Probably not very much. No, exactly. No, it was about the joy of being liberated into a world of passion. That was the, that was the brief. Well, we should all For the briefs, We should all hope for that.


Well, Nick Haraway, it's been a real pleasure to, to have you on the show and speak with you and I, I love the new book. Congratulations. Thank you for being here. Thank you so much. It's a pleasure. Nick Haraway's new novel is called Carla's Choice. He spoke with Fresh Air's, Sam Brier. Tomorrow on Fresh Air, our guest will be painter, sculptor, and filmmaker Titus Kfar. He'll talk about his Directorial debut, a new movie based on his life titled Exhibiting Forgiveness. It's about a celebrated painter whose world unravels when his estranged father, a recovering addict, suddenly reappears in his life. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews.


Follow us on Instagram at npr Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer today is Adam Stanski. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Anne Ri Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Renzo, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, theya Cho, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producers are Molly Sivie Neper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta Schrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Ter Gross.


This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member FDC.


This message comes from Grammarly. 88% of the work week is spent communicating. So it's important your team gets it right. Enter Grammarly Grammarly's AI helps teams communicate clearly the first time it goes beyond basic grammar. To help teams instantly create and revise drafts in just one click, all without leaving the page there on. Join the 70,000 teams and 30 million people who use Grammarly to move work forward. Go to grammarly.com/enterprise to learn more. Grammarly Enterprise Ready ai.


This year, the NPR Politics Podcast talked to voters who didn't like either Joe Biden or Donald Trump. But with Biden out of the race, an election day looming. How are they planning to vote? Now? Check out the NPR Politics podcast conversation with these double haters. Listen, wherever you get your podcasts.