
Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels with over 300 independent hotels around the world. Each exactly like nothing else. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of hotel brands. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Teri Gross. Christmas has inspired some great songs in every genre and some really bad ones today. We'll hear some great ones. We'll start with Jon Batiste at the piano playing, singing, and talking about some of his favorites. It's part two of the session we recently recorded with him. Batiste was the band leader and music director of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert from its premier in 2015 until 2022. That same year, his album, we are received 11 Grammy nominations in seven different categories and won five Grammys and including Album of the Year. His new album, Beethoven Blues, features his Reimaginings of Beethoven compositions.


He also wrote the score for this year's film Saturday night about the first SNL broadcast. And he appears on the film as musician. Billy Preston, the first musical guest, a documentary about Batiste called American Symphony, is now nominated for a Grammy for best music film. And Batiste is nominated for best song written for visual media. Here's the interview. So as we speak, Christmas is coming up soon, and I don't know how you feel about Christmas music and my opinion, like some of it is just like really fun. Some of it is kind of transcendent and some of it is so irritating causing like the worst earworms and like, just like, please don't play that again.


I never wanna hear that again. So what, what's your take on Christmas songs? Well, you know, I mean, Charlie Brown, I love this one. Vince goes, Woo, That's a deeply existential decision. And then blues, oh, let's see, the weather went up the Christmas time.


Those are both, yeah, those aren't those both from Vince Gu is Yeah, Vince a Charlie Brown Christmas. Yeah, I, I associate a lot of that series. And Vince Garal in general was Christmas. I know he's done a lot more than Christmas music, but that, that soundtrack, that album really changed me a lot. A lot of that influence comes into my music. Is there a hymn that you especially love? Oh yeah. That's kind of Christmas oriented and could, could you play and sing it? Let's See if I got, Ooh.


You know that one God Rescue Married gentlemen? Yeah, I love that. Ooh, Ooh. That's got a sound God Rescue Mary Gentlemen. Let nothing You dismay. Remember Christ the Savior was born on Christmas Day to save us from all Satan's power when we had gone astray.


All good s of comfort and joy. Comfort and joy, s of comfort. And I love that melody. Look, God rest Ye Marriage gentlemen is got a blues thing to it. Let nothing you dismay Ooh. Or, or hymns of what about, you know that one?


That's Green sleeves, isn't it? Yeah. Oh man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, child is to sleeping similar type of melodies, you know, that sound is so, it, it reminds me of Bell's ringing and, and the Dead of Night on Christmas Eve and just snowfall and, and, and there's a majesty to that.


There's a majesty to that time in that moment for many reasons, obviously. But there's something about that space in time that, you know, certain Christmas music is able to, to manifest that feeling and that that that environment into sound. It's able to make it sound, You know, it's funny. Like what child is this that you just played and when you played God rescue, married gentleman, I never heard it as, as kind of minor key and dark as you played it. Oh, yeah, yeah. I like it like that. I don't Know. Yeah, me too. What?


You know that? Wow. I don't know that, what is that?


That's a, oh man, I grew up with those two. That's amazing that those songs just have that, that same sound. What was church like for you when you were growing up? Wow. In a, in a Catholic family, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I grew up in the Catholic. My, my mother, she grew up Baptist and then we went to Catholic church, but also sometimes go to the, to the Baptist church and then eventually the a ME church. So I had this experience with mostly Catholic, but then also in New Orleans. There's a, a lot of different manifestations of Roman Catholic traditions very tied to the culture and to Mardi Gras in ways that are, you know, very interesting.


But it was, it was beautiful in particular on Christmas where we'd go to midnight mass and we would experience this hymns and people would sing and it would just have this, this majesty and, and this this real allure for me, I I actually connected to it most during that time. And I also learned a lot from box music. You know, we, we, we talked about Bach in the past and, and just how Bach is somebody who in, in history, you know, him and, and Duke Ellington just, they, they composed so much music, but one function of why Bach was able to compose that much music besides the fact that he, maybe he was an alien, is that he, he wrote for the church every Sunday.


And that ritual. And, and I imagine at some point, I don't know when in my life or when I would have the, the, the setup to do that, but I want to, I, I wanna participate in some sort of ritual in service to the creator where I'm composing and sharing that music. Just like I, I experienced when I was growing up, My two favorite Christmas songs. One of them is secular and one of them is more, you know, about Christmas and about about Jesus. So the secular one is have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas from the film. Meet Me in St. Louis. And, you know, you were talking about like something like church bells before the opening chords of this are so church bells and the more religious song is Oh, holy Knight.


Which I think is just such a beautiful song. Could you play either or even both. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Have yourself Mer Christmas Let Your Heart Be Light. Next year All Trouble will be out of Sight.


That one, right? Yeah. And it's a part the by next year part is a part that sounds like church bells the chords there. Mm. By next year? Yes. Oh, Wow. Ooh, Terry, you got a ear. You hear that, Terry? That's it. Yeah. Troubles will be sight. I love that, that that lyric has Wow. Wow. That lyric is one of my favorites actually, now that you, you mentioned it. It's, it has, it has a relevance to our time. And the great, a great line in it too is until then we'll have to muddle through somehow mud.


That's, that's the one I was thinking. Okay. Yeah. Someday soon we all will be together. If the fates allow until then we'll have to muddle through some. So have yourself a merry little Chris must Now I'm actually done.


That's a great one. I'm, I'm just remembering these, this beautiful stuff. Do you like, oh, holy night. Oh Yeah, yeah. That's no Holy Night star brightly shining. It is a night idea of idea savior's birth, a long lay the world and sin, and every pine till he appeared and the soul felt all its worth. The wilder.


That's how, that's how it goes, right? Yes. Yeah, Yeah. I remember, I'm trying to remember, oh, the, that sound it remind me of this one. Yeah. That, that's more Beethoven.


And that's one of the Beethoven things that you reimagine on your new Beethoven Blues album. But that's of the remind No, holy Night, the stars shiny. Like, this is what I'll do as I'm hearing like, the symmetry of both of those melodies and I Holy Night Shining. It's a Night Dear Savior's birth. Wow. There's something there. I I you, you've, you've given me an idea.


Oh, good. You the it is the night part, that descending line, I think that has so much drama in it. Oh yeah. Just like the musical line. Yes. Yes. A lot. The part on the on, on the bridge, it fall on your knees. And That's the other drama part. The fall on your knees. Yeah, The voices. Oh, oh, divine.


Oh, yeah, yeah. What? Wait, woo. That's on you knee. Anytime you go to that chord, it's a minor three chord. That's one of my favorite progressions. You got the one chord and then you go to the 3 1, 2, 3. Ooh, That transition, that, that It gives me chills. The angel voice. Oh, divine.


Yay. That's blues. See that? Yay. Since I had made so many suggestions on what to play, I'd like you to choose the last piece, and whether you want it to be a Christmas song or a Beethoven composition or anything else, whatever mood you feel like playing. Hmm. Is that too wide open for you? I'm gonna figure it out as I play. Okay.


Don't stop dreaming. Don't stop because you know that our time is coming up. So let's soak up the day and dance the night away. So with all you've got, don't stop.


I heard there was a secret chord that David played and it Please the Lord, but you don't really care from music, do you? It goes like this, the fourth, the fifth, the minor fault in the major lift, the baffled King composed Hallelujah Hall.


Wow. I was wonderful. And so it started with Beethoven's Moonlight, Sonata went to what I think is probably an original song that I'm not familiar with, and then into Leonard Cohen's. Hallelujah. Beautifully done. Beautiful connections in there. What was the middle piece that I didn't recognize? Yes, that's a piece entitled Don't Stop. It was the, the final track from my first album, Hollywood Africans. That was beautiful. Thank you for being so generous and so interesting and illustrating so much music for us. I so appreciate it. And I also wish you a Merry Christmas.


Oh, thank you so much. It's a pleasure every time. Thank you very much for your gift to the world and for who you are. Much love. Oh gosh, thank you. Jon Batiste joined us at the piano from the studios of WNYC in New York. We thank them. This was the second part of my session with Jon Batiste. You can find the first part on our podcast or website. His latest album, Beethoven Blues, features his reimaginings of Beethoven music. After we take a short break, Questlove will play recordings from the Christmas playlist he put together for us. I'm Teri Gross, and This is Fresh Air.


Hey, it's Tanya Moseley. It's almost the end of the year, and this is the season when we here at NPR, come to you as a nonprofit news organization and ask for your support. Maybe you're already an NPR plus supporter, and if so, thank you so much. But if you've never given to public media before or not in a while, please consider it now because supporting public radio is a great way to show what matters to you. You wanna stay informed about what's going on in your community and around the world. You want to know where to turn for information you can trust and to hear perspectives that challenge your opinions. And believe me, I get it. Sometimes you wanna tune out from the news and just hear about the beautiful things in life. Like artists, musicians, and actors who bring us joy, whose work can also challenge us. NPR gives you that space to experience all of it. The Fresh Air Team is like a cultural machine. We love spending our time following investigative journalists who are covering important issues, reading the latest books, watching the latest movies and documentaries, and listening to music that spans across time to bring you conversations with everyone from Selena Gomez and Bridget Everett, to music legends like John Bon Jovi and Michael McDonald. Together we can do even more in 2025. The easiest way to support Fresh Air and NPR network stations across the country is to sign up for NPR Plus, it's a reoccurring donation that gets you special perks for more than 25 NPR podcasts, including sponsor free listening bonus episodes, behind the scenes content, and even exclusive and discounted items from the NPR shop and the NPR Wine Club. It only takes a few minutes to sign up and you can do it right now@plus.npr.org. Here at Fresh Air, you'll hear exclusive weekly bonus episodes that dig deep into our storied archive of interviews, giving you unprecedented access to all 40 plus years of our show wherever you listen to podcasts. Thank you again for being a critical part of our public media community. Join NPR plus@plus.npr.org.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels offering over 300 independent hotels around the world, each exactly like nothing else, hand selected for their inherent craft. Each hotel tells its own unique story through distinctive design and immersive experiences. From medieval falconry to volcanic wine tasting. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of over 30 hotel brands around the world. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This message comes from Apple Card. Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll learn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecart.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Teri Gross. It's become a new Fresh Air holiday tradition to invite musicians. We love to play some of their favorite Christmas songs. It started two years ago when Ahmir Questlove Thompson put together a Christmas playlist for us and talked about why he chose those songs. Last year, David Byrne played his favorite Christmas songs. We'll listen back to that tomorrow. We continued that tradition earlier in the show with John Batiste at the piano. Now we're going to listen back to Questlove and his Christmas playlist. In addition to as many credits, Questlove is perhaps the most famous, popular and in demand. DJ Questlove co-founded the band The Roots, which among other things is the House band for The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon.


He's also written several books related to music, including one published earlier this year called Hip Hop is History. He won an Oscar for his documentary Summer of Soul about the 1969 Harlem Cultural Festival. His new documentary, sly Lives, AKA, the Burden of Black Genius about Sly Stone will Premier next month at the Sundance Film Festival On January 27th, NBC will broadcast Questlove's new documentary called Ladies and Gentlemen, 50 years of SNL Music. It will also stream on Peacock Questlove, welcome back to Fresh Air. Thanks so much for doing this in choosing music for us.


Why don't we start with a song that you selected and this is a song by Dr. And his mother and it's Silver Bell. And I have to tell you, there's so much really schlocky Christmas music. That's why we're so excited to have you on the show and doing this 'cause you're choosing really interesting stuff. Thank you. So the song Silver Belts is, is kind of high in my list of just, you know, schlocky and just annoying the, it's one of the reasons I don't like a lot of Christmas songs. This is a great recording. So tell us about the recording and why you chose it. Yeah, It's a very unique recording Drum is kind of the post neo soul set.


Like one of the, the artists that I, I really dig his work. He has a really soulful voice. When I, when I listen to music, I like rawness. I like mistakes. I don't think there's good notes and bad notes or flat notes or sharp or pitchy notes, but this is just, it's a, it's almost like they're allowing us, him and his mom are allowing us to sort of eavesdrop and at the family gathering where they're just singing to each other. This is a really raw version of the song. So it kind of hits home to me. Let, let's hear it. Here we go. So this is, silver Bells a good version of it.


Busy. Hmm. Dressed in the air. There's a feeling of Christmas children laughing, people passing smile, left smile hand on the reach street corner. Wo those silver bear Silverbell Silver.


It's time In The city. All ring, Ring. Hear the Ring. When you were growing up and you were touring with your father's band, did you spend a lot of Christmases performing? Yeah, like, we would often have Christmases in very unusual places.


Probably one of the best places ever. There was a, a resort in San Juan, Puerto Rico called the DuPont Plaza. And my father would do a residency down there. And I believe, like back in the 82, 1 of my favorite Christmases ever, like, it was real tropical. And that was the first tropical Christmas I had. Like, I spent two weeks with my family, although they were going for like four months. I, I would fly down there occasionally. And this is the year that Michael Jackson's thriller came out. So, you know, it was a simpler time where buying a mirror one record was like the entire world to him. You know, now I have to buy like an entire libraries jazz collection from like some university.


But back in 82 you could just give me a thriller record. And that was like everything to me. Well, let's get to another song on your playlist. And this is Disco Clause, which is by Bionic. Yes. And it sounds more like Funk Santa than Disco C Claus. It is. You know, there's, there's these two really influential DJs that have really inspired my DJ career. They're from the Boston area. They're called Ahmir and acon. And those guys, like, they're the DJs that like your favorite DJs, DJs listen to and they're always like playing like really obscure music that's really under the radar.


And I believe DJ Ahmir is the one that put me onto this particular piece, which, you know, it has a good drum break to it. And I think it came out in 1977 by a group called The Bionic. Yeah. Okay, let, let's hear it Before Christmas. Look, bad Disco Toys.


Hey, ain't nothing silent about this night, Ru let go. I said, Get on Rudolph. We got to get through this town. Yeah, I say it's about that time. It's about that time. I say I'm Now, That's Disco Clause by a bionic, one of the songs chosen for us by Questlove.


You've said that as a creator you're 98% groove and 2% melody and the track you just played is very much groove. Very much so, yes. Yeah, I mean drums, drums are, that's my calling card, you know, and for me there's a lot of really obscure Christmas records that might, like, they'll, they'll do their version of like Little Drummer Boy or something like that. Little Drummer Boy is one of the Christmas songs, the original recording of it that just really, really drove me crazy. Really? Oh yeah, they played it so much on the radio when I was growing up and yeah, tell me you like it, It's hard to escape it.


Yeah, all throughout, like first and second grade, like every Christmas pageant. I think it was expected that I was supposed to play little drummer boy. Oh, Because you were the drummer. Because I was a drummer, right? Oh no, exactly, Exactly. But you know, oftentimes in school at the Christmas pageant, even, even if it were like something totally the opposite, like our production of the Nutcracker or something like that. Like they will find some sort of excuse to, you know, give 8-year-old a mirror, a drumming spotlight in the program. Oh boy. Well let's hear a song that's lyrically the opposite of it's the most happiest time of the year.


So this is James Brown's Santa Claus. Santa Claus from 1960. This Is so hilarious to me. Yeah. Why? I'm sorry. Why isn't hilarious to This song? This particular song is my one, this is my introduction to Christmas music two. It's my introduction to James Brown. Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. So the first time you heard a Christmas song. Yeah, I know. And the first time you heard James Brown was this Yeah, my first James Brown was this. No, it was just that, you know what it is? You know, I was a kid of the Muppets era and there was a tortured genius musician on Sesame Street and his name was Don Music and he was always full of self-doubt and insecurity.


And whenever he couldn't find the right words or the right chord, he just like, you know, he bang his head on the piano with like a tortured soul. And I, you know, it was exaggerated. So I used to think it was funny. And James Brown has a voice similar to my grandmother's. So, and she's a very anim, she's a very animated woman. So, you know, as a baby, I thought that was grandmom singing all the songs because like James Brown really belts like a female gospel singer, you know what I mean? Like with this high notes and his yelling. So when I hear this very, very depressing song about misfortune, like this, this is the, this is, this is the Murphy's Law of Christmas songs.


I don't know, I think my three-year-old self just thought that grandma was performing like a, a comedy skit or something like that. So I, I added that song for the ironic reasons. Like, I think this is one of the most hilarious songs ever because James Brown is overselling the, he's really overselling the, the woe is me character of the song. So yeah. Yeah. He's asking Santa and the Lord, why does he have to suffer? So, so. Right, exactly. So, Alright, let, let, let's hear it. Alright. This is James Brown from 1968.


I've wanted so many things I wanted to, but you experiencing the wants when you living the ghetto, but now I understand what it means to be a man. So that's one thing I'd like to know. I've been good Lord, how mercy. So good. You know, Santa, please, please, please don't make me, don't make me episode Christmas come, but once a year.


I want somebody Please, please, please bring me some Christmas. I need a Christmas chair. Please don't make this episode. Can't take it no more. It was James Brown from 1968. I'm still processing that. This was like your introduction to James Brown. Yes. But see, after that then I wanted to hear all the songs where he's like screaming and crying. Well, let's take a short break here and then we'll talk some more. If you're just joining us, my guest is Questlove and he'll play more Christmas recordings after we take a short break.


This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Better help this holiday season. Do something for a special person in your life. You give yourself the gift of better mental health, better Help Online Therapy connects you with a qualified therapist via phone, video, or live chat. It's convenient and affordable and can be done from the comfort of your own home. Having someone to talk to is truly a gift, especially during the holidays. Visit better help.com/npr to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Oxfam, a global organization that fights inequality to end poverty and injustice. Communities around the globe are facing crisis after crisis that have put millions at risk. Oxfam is there when disasters strike delivering lifesaving aid, but they don't stop there. Oxfam partners with local leaders to help communities grow stronger and advocates for lasting solutions to poverty and injustice. Join them this Giving season, don@oxfamamerica.org slash npr.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my 2022 interview with Questlove, who played recordings from the Christmas playlist he put together for us. He's co-founder of the Hip Hop band, the Roots, the House Band for The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. He won an Oscar for his documentary Summer of Soul. He's written several books about music, including his latest hip hop is History. And he was a producer of the original cast recording of Hamilton and, and much more, some of which we'll talk about a little bit later. But right now, let's get back to some Christmas music. This is another very unusual recording with a story behind it. It's called Santa Claus is a black man, and it's by Akeem and Teddy Van from 1972.


Teddy Van. Her father. Yeah. Yeah. Teddy van, her father. And she was, what, five when she recorded this? She was five when she did this. So, you know, Akeem van is, you know, most would know her. She's a staple in the, the Prospect Heights area because she's like, she has, she, she's the owner of, of, of a really awesome bakery. It's called The Bakery on Virgin and it's in Prospect Heights. And so, but the weirdest thing was back when Wendy Williams, the, the personality, William Wendy Williams was a DJ on Hot 97.


This is like in the nineties. It's, she had a Christmas themed show once, and I remember they played this song called Santa Claus is a Black Man. And I called the station and just left a note like, I don't know if you guys knew who I am and whatever this Questlove of the roots and I gotta know the name of that song. And shockingly, I think like two days later, they emailed me back and sent me a cassette copy of the song. 'cause that's the times we were living in. And what's also notable about this song is that I believe that singer Luther VROs, who at the time was a local singer and ironically the one act I had to leave off of Summer of Soul, he's also singing background on the song.


Oh, oh. Well, apparently Teddy Van Kim's father Yeah. Wrote one of Luther Vand Russ's hits. Yeah. Power of Love. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I could see why. Okay. I could see why he was singing back up on this. Yeah. Okay. Alright. So, so you loved about this song. What, Well, I just love the, the, the absolute innocence of it. Like similar to I saw Mommy kissing Sienna Claus. This, this is, this is Christmas through the eyes of a child who, you know, the, the whole point is that kids don't know that their parents are really Santa Claus.


So, you know, this is besides I saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus. This is sort of another song in that vein where, you know, He looked just like you Daddy. Yeah. She doesn't realize that her dad is actually Santa Claus. Yeah. That he is, he is dressed as Santa Claus song. Okay. Yeah. So let, let, let's hear it. Hey, you wanna, what? I found her last night when my mama turned out the light. I went see what the noise and I saw Mystery, the, the black Santa, the black man.


And I found out, that's why I'm telling you, mama must Santa and I fell asleep at the door. We're listening to my 2022 interview with Questlove. We'll hear more music from his Christmas playlist after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Intuit need a software solution to simplify the complexities of your growing business. Transform how you manage with Intuit Enterprise Suites powerful automation and core suite of tools for financial management, payment processing, payroll, HR, bill, pay, marketing, and third party integrations. It's how a growing business keeps growing. Visit intuit.com/enterprise to learn more money movement services by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed by NY Ds.


This message comes from Noom using psychology and biology to build personal meal plans to fit your lifestyle, taking into account dietary restrictions, medical issues, and other personal needs with daily lessons that are personalized to you and your goals. Noos Flexible program focuses on progress instead of perfection to help you build new habits for a healthier lifestyle. Sign up for your trial today@noom.com.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to the interview I recorded in 2022 with Amer Questlove Thompson playing songs from the Christmas playlist he put together for us in 2022. So let's get to Stevie Wonder. I know you love Stevie Wonder and he's in your, your film performing in Summer of Soul. And this is a promotional disc from, from Britain. It's a kind of Christmas greetings song, Christmas greetings message. It's not even a whole song. So tell us about the origin of this. You know, why I chose this? Stevie Wonder is world famous for his unique jingles for radio stations. You know, if you, if you search the internet high and low, you can find some that he's done over the years and over the decades.


So these jingles, there's, there's actually a Philadelphia version of this particular jingle that I grew up with, and that's the thing that's always close to my heart. So there was a point in time in which Stevie Wonder might take time out to, to craft maybe somewhere between 30 to 50 individualized, customized radio station jingles for, you know, the, the, the territories that were playing his music the most. And this is sort of a companion piece to the Marvin Gaye Christmas in the City, but of which this is Stevie Wonder playing synthesizer this time.


He's playing polyphonic synthesizer, which gives them the ability to hit all the notes together. So this kind of the opposite, this is when synthesizers get in the right hands of its creator. Okay, here's Stevie Wonder. Hi, this Is Stevie Wonder on behalf of the Motown family. I'd like to say happy.


I wish I could hear more of that, but I guess there isn't more of that Very brief Sometimes you, you know, you, you could make a point in 26 seconds. I mean, look at the Ramones. They, they made a life changing record and not one song is over two minutes. So, you know, I I think more artists need to follow suit and figure and challenge themselves to make impactful art in, in less than, you know, the normal time. Do you think he did his promotional recordings because he wanted to, because the record company urged him to, or because it would like get him, get him more airplay? Yeah, I mean, Stevie Wonder came from, Stevie Wonder not only came from like the first generation of Motown, but he also came from the first generation of a professional black record company that had to cross every t and dot every eye.


So, you know, not only did you have to release your single, you had to make a mono version of it, a stereo version of it. And then some of these songs, you took time out to sing the Spanish versions of them. You took time out to sing the Italian version like, I have a a com, a collection of Stevie Wonder Singles in other languages, which is maximizing on your appeal. And Stevie Wonder had the, the means and the technology to just knock this all out. So, you know, I can imagine that this level of creativity was his bread and butter. So I'd like to close with another song and I'm thinking like, do you have a favorite? And I'm, I guess I'll get a little churchy here.


Do you have a favorite, like, real Christmas song that is say like a gospel song or, because I know you, you love Mahalia Jackson. She's in Summer of Soul Yeah. And Mavis Staples. So is, is there a song like from that tradition that you'd like to end with? You know, there's so many to choose from. I will say though, there's a tion of Silent Night that's done by The Temptations. It's their 73 version with Dennis Edwards singing Lee Vocals. And it's, it's almost unspoken.


Like it's, it's every black household in the seventies. That's the only version of Silent Night that exists. A good friend of mine says that if the first three words of any ad lib from a soul singer are the words in my mind, then, you know, the, the, the abyss levels of deep that that version of the song's going to be. And that's exactly, that's exactly what Dennis Edwards does. The fact that his first three words have nothing to do with Silent Night, which is in my mind, which is kind of like a go-to. Like, I'm gonna get real deep for you here when you know, before I start sermonizing, like, that's a warning that you're about to get something special.


The Temptations version, their slow version of Silent Night is, is damn near a religion in, in black households. Oh, thank you for choosing that Questlove. It's always such a great treat when you're on our show. Thank you so much for choosing music for us. Thank you Terry. Yeah. It's just always such a pleasure to have you on our show. Thank you. It was the night before and all. Now the creature was staring not even a Now hear what I Say.


We wish you All of you Night. Questlove is a founding member of the band, the Roots and the band's drummer. They're the house band for The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon next month. His documentary about Sly Stone called Sly Lives, AKA, the Burden of Black Genius will premiere at the Sundance Film Festival and his documentary about music from Saturday Night Live called Ladies and Gentlemen, 50 years of SNL Music will be broadcast January 27th on NBC and then we'll stream on Peacock.


You can find Quest love's complete Christmas playlist on our website, Fresh Air dot npr.org, or in the show notes on the podcast tomorrow on Fresh Air. We'll listen back to the interview I recorded one year ago, in which David Byrne, co-founder and front man of the band Talking Heads played us some of his favorite Christmas songs. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer today is Adam Stanski. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers Ri Bod, Sam Brier. Lauren Kreel there Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cho, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producer is Molly c Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more Merrill a Bank of America Company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from Capital One offering their cash back rewards card. Quicksilver earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com for details.


This message is brought to you by Lisa in collaboration with West Elm. Discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.