
This message comes from Progressive Insurance and the name, your Price tool. It helps you find car insurance options in your budget. Try it today@progressive.com. Progressive Casualty Insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match Limited by state law, not available in all states.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian Cooley. This week marks the 40th anniversary of Farm Aid, the Country Music concert, founded by Willie Nelson as a fundraiser to benefit farmers held in Champaign, Illinois. This first gathering featured not only Willie Nelson, but such other supportive performers as Bob Dylan, Billy Joel, Bonnie Rai, Tom Petty, BB King, Loretta Lynn, and Roy Oron. Farmers still need aid and Farm Aid has been staged annually ever since stealing the show. At that very first Farm Aid concert in April, 1985, was Merle Haggard singing his then new song, natural Hot, Stayed with me through Thick and watch me lose you.


Watch me Win. Pick me up on the ground one Time down and I Can Fly was drowning. Today we're going to listen to our 1995 interview with country music star Merle Haggard. John Cara Manica in the New York Times once described him as quote the country music Titan, who most resists easy categorization.


He was a wildly versatile singer, songwriter and performer with an affinity for a variety of styles, outlaw, country ballads, the Bakersfield Sound, Western Swing, jazz, and more unquote Haggard was inducted into the Country Hall of Fame in 1994 and was awarded the Kennedy Center honor in 2010. He died in 2016 on his 79th birthday. When Haggard was young, he hardly seemed destined for success. He spent time in and out of reform school and prison before he found his way back to music. Haggard's best known songs include Mama Tried Okie from Muskogee. Today I started Loving You again and the bottle Let me down.


Merle Haggard had a lifelong fascination with trains. After he became a star, he acquired his own railway observation car. And that railway car on which you can book Passage is now part of the Virginia Scenic Railway. When Terry spoke with Meryl Haggard in 1995, he had reissued an album he recorded in 1969 featuring the songs of Jimmy Rogers. They began with Haggard's recording of the Jimmy Rogers Classic, waiting for a train All around the water tanks, waiting for a train a thousand miles away from home, sleeping in the rain.


I walked up to Aman to give him my talk. He says, if you've got money, I'll see that you don't walk. I haven't got a nickel, not a penny. Can I show Get off, get off you railroad bomb. And he slammed my box star. Did you hop freights when you were young? Yeah, sure did. Where, Where, where would you go? Well, I, I lived in an, on an oil community called Oildale, and, and there was a, a daily train that went into the oil fields and it was a steam train back in those days.


And, and I actually grew up every evening, you know, kinda looking forward to seeing that old train pull out of there with about 40 or 50 oil tankers back during the war, you know, and, and so I was, it was less than a stones, well, maybe 150 feet from my back door to where the railroad track ran. And, and I actually grew up right next to it. My dad worked for the Santa Fe Railroad and he only lived, I only I was nine when he passed away. But railroads were, you know, very influential in my life.


And there was enough of it in the songs that I admired to get me on the freight myself. I thought, well, this is something I gotta do. If they're gonna write songs about it, I gotta go see why. So I did and, and I rode freights wherever they took me. I rode 'em for a block or I'd ride 'em 200 miles or, or I think the longest trip I ever took was from San Antonio to El Paso, I think was the longest one. Was it hard To learn how to hop a freight? No, I learned that be probably, I think probably the first time I ever jumped on that old oil tanker was probably, I was about about five years old.


My mother would've died or she'd known I'd been up there. We used to put pennies on the track, you know, and we, we'd hopped that old train, ride a block or two and jump off. So it was something we, we learned to do young and we'd watch the Brickman and the the trainmen do it, you know, it wasn't really all that hard. What's what's the worst or the most surprising experience that you had on, on, on a freight train? The worst. There was a lot of bad experiences. I, I, I got on a, a freight in Oregon one time and it was leaving outta Eugene and, and it went up into the, into the cascades and into a snowstorm.


And I was in traveling in the ice compartment and it, me and two other oboes was in there and it, it got rid of cold in that metal. And I remember they stopped up in the mountains and then climbed up outta that ice compartment. And I'm shaking so bad and I dropped my suitcase off the top of the freight and I had to get off for a while to get, get her up my clothes. Just sounds awful. Did you have frostbite Somehow or another? Somebody watched out for me. I didn't, I didn't get anything like that. Were, were there ever traveling musicians on the trains?


And did you feel you learned anything about a musician's life? I didn't run into any players on the, on the freight, just people traveling and you, you know, you for different reasons, I'm sure. I don't know most of them, probably for the same reasons. I think they were probably hobos, you know, and, and I remember one time I, I stole a can of beans out of a refrigerator car and threw it up in the, into this flat, into this box car where all the rest of the hobos riding. And boy they got really upset. They said, oh, we're gonna get 50 years in the penitentiary.


You know, you, you must be, you must be really green guy, you know, and there was nobody would share that box of green beans except one old man. And he was about, he was about 80 years old and he threw a spoon and a can opener across the box car to me and said, I'll have you eat 'em. Son. Merle Haggard speaking to Terry Gross in 1995 more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel. It is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or high PO ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the Internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers. Go to shopify.com/npr to take your business to the next level today.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney plus follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity. Season two of Andor is now streaming only on Disney plus.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to Terry's 1995 interview with Country Star Merle Haggard. We'll dive back in with a taste of one of his biggest hits. Mama tried. The first thing I remember knowing was a lonesome whistle blowing Andy Youngs dream of growing up to ride on a freight train, leaving town, not knowing where I'm bound and no one could change my mind.


But mama tried. I wanted only rebel child from a family, meek and mild. My mama seemed to know what lay in store in spite all my Sunday learning towards the bat, I kept on turning till mama couldn't hold me anymore. I turned 21 in prison doing life without no one could steer me right, but mama tried, mama tried, mama tried to raise me better, but it pleading I that leaves only me to blame because mama tried.


Merl Haggard is a song autobiographical. Well, it, it really, it really is very, very close. At least there's, there's some, some things we fudged on slightly to, to make it rhyme, but the majority of it, I'd say 97% of it's pretty accurate. I guess Your father died when you were nine, is that right? Nine. Right. So your, your mother had to raise you alone after that. Yeah, and I was to say the least, probably probably the most incorrigible child you could think of.


I, I, I was just, I was already on the way to prison before I realized it actually. I was just, I was really a kind of a screw up, but, and I really don't know why. I think it was mostly just outta boredom. Boredom and, and a lack of a father's attention. I think. I think you were 14 when your mother put you in a juvenile home? No, she didn't put me in a juvenile home. They, they, the authorities put me in there for, for truancy for not going to school and, and that, that they gave me a six months in like a road, like a road camp situation.


And I ran off from there and stole a car. And so then, then the next time I went back it was for something serious. And then I, I spent the next seven years running off from places. I, I think I escaped 17 times from different institutions in California and all it was was just a matter of the authorities running me off and, you know, they drumming up business for themselves. IIII really feel sorry for the way they do some, some of the kids, you know, and I was one of those kids, I'm gonna snitch on 'em if I get a chance. How, how would you escape from reform school and youth institutions?


Well, there was, there was different, different institutions and different methods. There was, some of 'em were minimum security, some of 'em were maximum security and some of 'em were kid joints and some of 'em were adult jail houses. And I just didn't stay nowhere. I was just, I think Willie Sutton was my idol. If you don't know, you know, at the time I, I was in a, in the middle of, of becoming an outlaw and escaping from jail and escaping from places that they had me locked up in was, was part of the thing that I wanted to do Now was was there an outlaw mystique that you wanted to have?


I guess, I don't know. That was, I, you know, I, I admired people like Jesse James, you know, along with a lot of other kids, but I guess I took it too far, you know. So what was your most ingenious escape? Probably the one that was the most ingenious is, was one that I didn't actually go on. I was San Quentin. I was, I was all set to go with a, with the only completely successful escape outta San Quentin, I think in 21 years. But The people that gave me the chance to go were the same people that talked me out of it because they, they felt like that I was just doing it for the sport of it.


And then it was a very serious thing to the, to the other fellow that was gone. And they, they had a big judge's chambers sort of desk they were building at the furniture factory in San Quentin. And, and I had a friend who was building a place for two guys to be transported out. That was before they had x-rays and things of that nature, and they just, and I could have gone and I didn't go. And, and the guy that I went with wound up being executed in the gas chamber. He went out and held court in the street and killed a highway patrolman.


And so it was really good that I didn't go. Was that a real sobering experience for you? Yeah, I've had a lot of those things in my life and, you know, those, those are the sort of things that, that a guy un unknowingly like myself is, I guess I was gathering up meat for songs, you know, I don't know what I was doing. I I really kind of was crazy as a kid and then all of a sudden, you know, and, and while I was in Sanin I just, I one day understood that I saw the light and I just didn't wanna do that no more.


And I, I realized what a mess I'd made outta my life and I got outta there and stayed outta there never to go back and went and apologized to all the people I'd, I'd wronged and tried to pay back the people that I'd taken money from, borrowed money from or whatever. And I think when I was 31 years old, I paid everybody back that I'd never taken any thing from and including my mother. What'd you say to your mother when you changed your life around? Well, it was just obvious. No, no, there was no, I don't think there was any ever, any time that anybody in my family was worried about me staying with this.


It was just the way that, you know, some people grow up in the army and, you know, it's, it's hard to be 18 years old and you know, they, they, they send 18-year-old boys to, to war because they don't know what to do with 'em. And I was one that I wound up going to prison rather than war. And instead of growing up in the middle of a battlefield with bullets flying around me, I grew up on the isolation war to death row. And that's where the song mama tried gets close to being autobiographical. There. You you were on death row?


Yeah, I was, I got caught for making beer, making some beer up there and I got too much of my own beer and got drunk in the yard and got arrested and it's hard to get arrested in San Quentin, but I did and they sent me to what was known as the shelf. And the shelf is a part of the north block which share, share you share with the, the inmates on death row. And it's kinda like the, there's not too many more stops for you actually, You know, And that was the, as you put it, the sobering experience for me.


I, I wound up with nothing to, nothing to lay on except the Bible in an old concrete slab and woke up from that drunk that I'd been on that day and, And I could hear some prisoners talking in the, in the area next to me. In other words, there was a alleyway between the back of the cells and I could hear people talking over there and I recognized the guys being Carol Chessman a guy that they were fixing to execute. And I don't know, it was just something about the whole situation that I knew that if I ever got outta there, if I was lucky enough to get out, I made up my mind.


Well, I still had that hangover that I was all finished. How were you lucky enough to get out? Well, I went back down on the yard and, and I went down and asked for the roughest job and the penitentiary and which was a textile mill and went down and just started building my reputation, you know, just started running in reverse from what I'd been doing and started trying to build up a, a long line of good things to be proud of. And that's what I've been doing since then. Back in the days when you were in prison, was music a big part of your life then?


Were you, were you singing, playing, writing songs? Yeah, yeah, I was, I was already into, into doing that. I, I really didn't, I don't think, believe that I sincerely had a future in it. I think I was just kinda like doing what I thought was probably a waste of time or a hobby at the very most, and maybe some extra money on the weekend sort of thing. But that's, you know, that's when I was in San Quentin. I still didn't really thoroughly realize that I had to do this the rest of my life and that it was gonna be this successful for me and I was gonna, you know, I have all the things happened that have happened, I had no idea that you could never have convinced me of, of a minute amount of the success I've had.


I I would never have believed it. Did you or musical ability have anything to do with people noticing you in prison and thinking that you could make it when you got out? I mean, did did that help you at all in, in the war? Yeah, That was, that was the basic reason I think that these friends of mine taught me outta going on that escape. I mean, they, they, they felt that I had talent and they, they felt that I was just a ornery kid and, and could probably make something outta my life and, and you know, believe it or not, in, in the penitentiary, just some pretty nice people and very unfortunate people and they love to, to, to let somebody so to speak it up on their shoulders, you know, they like to boost somebody over the wall if they can.


If they can't make it themselves, they, I think sincerely love to see someone else make it. Tell us the story of how you got your first guitar. My first guitar? Yeah. Or how you started to play guitar. Well, it, as ever as it was, I have an old, an older brother named Lowell and Lowell had a, a service station at the time and, and there was a guy who came in and, and wanted a couple dollars worth of gas and didn't have no money and he left a little Bronson, sort of a Stella Searson, ruck robuck type guitar and it's collateral and he never did come back after it.


And that old guitar set in the closet there for a couple of years and, and finally I think my mother showed me a couple of chords. My brother didn't know how to play and my dad had passed away. He was a musician in the family, so mama showed me C chord that daddy showed her and she didn't know how to make C chord very good. But I went, took it from that and I beat around on that old Bronson, I think it was a Bronson guitar. I imagine when you first got the guitar, you were playing songs that you heard on the radio. How did you start writing songs yourself?


Well, I, about the same time that I discovered Jimmy Rogers, I was about 12 years old, I discovered Hank Williams and I, I remember seeing on the yellow MGM records, there was a, the artist's name and then, then there was another name underneath that artist. It was a small, very small letters and it, and it said composer and I didn't know what a composer was my, I asked my mother, I said, what does this mean? She said, I don't know. And she called the record store and they told her that's the writer, that's the guy that writes the songs. And it seemed to me that very important to have your name in both places there.


I, I noticed that Hank Williams had a little extra clout because he wrote his own songs. Jimmy Rogers the same thing, you know? And, and so I, I felt it was just as necessary to become a songwriter as it was to try To learn to play the guitar or, you know, it was, it certainly a, a tool that most people I think in the business would like to be a singer songwriter if they could be, because it, it is in some way your, your retirement, you know, you can have a great career and if you don't write songs or have a publishing company or something to lean back on when it's all over, it's a pretty hard drop Back to reality, you know?


And once you've learned to live under the conditions I've learned to live on you, you better have yourself a publishing company or I'll have to go back to being an outlaw. When you started writing songs, did you realize that you could write autobiographical songs from, from your own life, or did you think you had a copy other people's songs? Well, I, I really did realize what, what method to take at first. I, I must have wrote maybe 1500 songs that weren't any good, or at least I, you know, I never kept 'em. And finally was with a lot of help and a lot of people who had written hit songs who I'd become friends with, such as fuzzy on who became my personal manager, it was was a songwriter and he helped me, he taught me how to write songs and finally I wrote one that was worth keeping.


And I think I've written about 300 keepers or so, maybe 400. Do you remember the first one that you felt this is worth keeping? Yeah, it was a sort of a rock and roll song or Elvis type rock and roll thing. It was called, if You Wanna Be My Woman, and Glen Campbell opened his shows with it for years, and I still do the song and I, I wrote it when I was about 14, but I didn't keep very many. That was probably one out of that 1500 that got kept. Could, could, could you sing a couple of bars of it? You like riding in the country in my Cadillac, and you keep, I I keep pushing, you keep pushing me back.


Something about I didn't own the money that I earned, but you, you refuse to gimme something equal in return. Don't look at me like maybe you don't understand. If you wanna be my woman, you know, you got to let me be your man. Now. Now, during all the years that you were in and out of, of prisons and reform schools, did you ever think I can make a living with music? No. I, I very best. I I I counted on extra money as I was saying, you know, like, you know, maybe a hobby, you know, I figured I was gonna have to have some of the means of employment, you know, or support.


So what made you think, well, well I can make a living out of this? Well, I, when I came outta the penitentiary, I went to work for my brother digging ditches and the wiring houses we had, he had electrical company, hag Electric, and he was paying me $80 a week. This was 1960 and I was working eight hours a day there. And, and I got me a, a little gig playing guitar four nights a week for 10 bucks a night. And There was a little radio show that we had to broadcast from this little nightclub called High Pockets.


And it just all started from that. I, some people that had, that was local stars around the heard, heard me on this radio program and came down and offered me a better job in town. And, and it wasn't just a matter of weeks till I was part of the, the main clique in Bakersfield and it was hard to get in that clique. There was a lot of people like Buck Owens and there was people that, that were really good and proved how good they were later on with their success in Bakersfield was some sort of a, I don't know, it was, it was like country music artists found their way to Bakersfield and then, and had the success out of there.


I don't understand why actually, and maybe because of the, of the migration that took place in the thirties or whatever, there was a lot of people that came out there from Oklahoma and Arkansas and Texas that had a lot of soul. And this thing we call country music kind of came out those hockey talks, you know, and, and Some of the same area that a lot of other things came out of. Was it hard for you to adjust to success and stardom having come from poverty and, you know, having lived in prison off and on for so many years? I think it's, it's hard for a lot of people to adjust to that.


Well the, you know, a lot of people may, may or may not understand hard. It is for a person coming out of an institution, you know, whether it be a prison or whether it be a, some sort of a mental institution, whether it be the army or whatever. There's a, there's a, there's a thing that happens like when you leave the penitentiary and you've been there for three years, you have friends and you have a way of life and you have a routine and, and A whole way of life that you just give up. All of a sudden one day you're there and you're next day you're not there and you don't have any more, you don't have any more friends from the outside 'cause things went on when you left and you can't find anybody there.


And the people you left behind in prison, are you really on, are really your only friends. And, and there's a period of adjustment that took me about 120 days, I don't know, about four months, a couple times I really wanted to go back and it, it's, it's, it's really a, a weird sensation. It's a, it's the loneliest feeling in the world. About the second night, out of pen, out of the penitentiary, Merle Haggard speaking to Terry Gross in 1995. He died in 2016. Coming up Classical music critic Lloyd Schwartz reviews two albums featuring Paul Robeson. This is Fresh Air


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org.


Keeping up with the news can feel like a 24 hour job. Luckily, it is our job. Every hour on the NPR News Now podcast, we take the latest, most important stories happening and we package 'em into five minute episodes so you can easily squeeze 'em in between meetings and on your way to that thing. Listen to the NPR News Now podcast. Now,


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the up first podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR


Bass baritone. Paul Robeson is one of the most popular figures of the 20th century and also one of the most controversial. He died in 1976 at the age of 77, leaving a huge imprint on music, politics, and race relations. Our classical music critic Lloyd Schwartz, reviews two recent releases in which Robeson is the subject. One is a CD called Robeson by 38-year-old bass baritone Devon Tines, who says he grew up being constantly compared to Robeson. The other release is an almost complete 14 CD set of Robeson's own recordings.


There an old man called me, that's the old man that I'd like to be. What does he, if the world got trouble, what does he, if the, that he must know something but don't say, he just keeps rolling. He keeps on, he don't, he don't plan and then that forgotten.


Just you Oh and me, we sweat and strain body and you land and I, he Old Man River from the landmark 1929 musical showboat was the great bass baritone Paul Robeson's most famous song and the song that also made him famous.


Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein wrote it for him as the Stevedore Jim's expression of his darkest dilemma. Tired of living and scared of dying. A line that has the tragic weight of a certain hamlet soliloquy. It's one of the most powerful numbers ever written for a Broadway musical. Now, some younger performers have expressed serious reservations about it. Is it really just a demeaning, minstrel song written by white people For a black performer In his concert recitals Robeson himself changed the stevedores inner questioning to a public battle cry.


I must keep fighting until I'm dying. In his new album called Robeson, 38-year-old bass baritone, Devon Tines, one of the leading musical artists of our generation, says that over the years he has changed his mind about the singer to whom he has been frequently compared in, in his liner notes, Ty's rights of Robeson suicide attempt after what may have been a CIA effort to drug him tines identifies with Robeson's desperation as if it were a fever dream reflecting his own most intimate struggles.


A a what is the house I in the, that I have found the, the railroad and the people all around the sea. The men who built this country, that's America to me.


Paul Robeson sang the uplifting song, the House I live in at many of his concerts. It was first introduced by Frank Sinatra in a 1945 Oscar winning short about America as a melting pot on his Robeson album. Devon Tines and his band The Truth do something similar to what Robeson did with Old Man River. After singing the beginning as it was written, tines adds his own new angry lyrics about the way America has betrayed its ideals of equality. Find America for me.


He concludes. Truth becomes ban and justice never won our hopes to find some freedom, still just raisins in The sun. It's sad to see it's the way it's Always been To never Clean the staining of its That In the ultra romantic Rogers and Hammerstein ballad, some Enchanted Evening tines makes another radical transformation By simply changing the pronouns, the song becomes his love song to Robeson.


But tines also knows that anyone who hears the song without looking at the liner notes would hear it as a love song from one man to another man. And tines who is openly gay has arrived at a point in his career when he can feel free to express openly his most personal feelings. Song Enchanted. You may see a stranger, you may see a stranger crowd, and somehow you know The 14 discs of Paul Robeson.


The Voice of freedom are of course a treasure and include some extraordinary live performances and other cuts that were never released. Robeson was also a powerful and versatile stage and film actor and one of the highlights of this set is his recording of O Fellow, which he played on Broadway. It's thrilling to hear Robeson speaking as well as singing, and it's thrilling to hear Tines responding directly to Robeson with his own passion and also in magnificent voice. Lloyd Schwartz reviewed Paul Robeson, the Voice of Freedom, and the Devon Tines album Robeson.


Coming up, Justin Chang reviews David Cronenberg's new movie, The Shrouds. This is Fresh Air On this week's Wild Card podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried in yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the Conversation. Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps.


If I want to develop a medicine that we'd only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get There. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR at NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss, and we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast From NPR R In The Shrouds, the new thriller from the 82-year-old Canadian filmmaker David Cronenberg. Vincent Cassel plays a wealthy tech entrepreneur who's devised an unusual technology to help people still grieving their loved ones.


Our film critic, Justin Chang, has this review. When The Shrouds premiered at film festivals last year, David Cronenberg described it as his most personal work. A deeply felt response to the death of his longtime wife from cancer in 2017. The movie is about a man named Karsh who lost his wife Rebecca to cancer four years earlier. That's not the only similarity. If you know what Cronenberg looks like, you'll see that Karsh played by Vanston Cael with a silvery shock of hair resembles the director, maybe not a dead ringer, but close enough to give you a chill and a bit of a chuckle.


That's the thing about The Shrouds. It's deeply morbid and sad, but it's also Disarmingly funny Car is the mastermind behind a company called Grave Tech, which allows people to monitor the remains of their dead loved ones before the body is buried. It's wrapped in a high tech metal shroud equipped with an MRI style scanner. And so at any time with a swipe of your phone, you can watch a feed from the grave of the decomposing body. It's not just on your phone either. The feed also goes to a screen built into the person's headstone. Kar himself uses grave tech obsessively keeping close tabs on his wife Becca's body at all times.


This has naturally made it difficult for him to move on. One amusing early scene finds Karsh on a blind date with a woman who heads for the exit the minute she finds out what he does for a living the next day, Karsh is debriefing the date with Becca's sister Terry played by Diane Krueger. Another bad date last night. She put off by a desperation like the last one. I'm out of practice. It's been decades since I had to seduce a woman. I'm never really sure whether I'm flirting or not. That's what you get.


Reverend had a successful marriage. I don't have that problem. Should I give up trying to find a girlfriend or should I just sink gracefully into terminal sexuality? You'll never replace Becca. I'm not trying to. I did love that body. What you provocatively said was a lot like mine. You have her body. I have my own body. Cronenberg is often described as a master of body horror, a sub genre. He helped pioneer with early efforts like the brood and scanners, and recently pushed to audacious new extremes with the wondrously icky crimes of the future.


The label can be misleading, though. Cronenberg's films are even more cerebral than they are visceral, and he's never been purely interested in grotesque for grotesques sake. The Shrouds is certainly a body horror movie in perhaps the most relatable sense. It's about the physical ravages of illness and death. At various points, Karsh sees Becca also played by Diane Krueger in Dream-like flashbacks that reveal exactly what the cancer did to her body. I can't think of a filmmaker besides Cronenberg who could present the body this way with clinical directness, undimmed desire, and real tenderness.


Early on in the film, someone vandalizes the grave Tech cemetery, ripping the headstones from their foundations and hacking into the video feeds for reasons unknown. The Shrouds isn't just a horror movie about corporeal decay. It's a thriller steeped in techno paranoia. To get to the bottom of the vandalism, Karsch enlists the help of Terry's ex-husband, a computer whiz played by an unnervingly twitchy guy. Pierce Karsch also relies on an AI personal assistant voice by you guessed it, Krueger. Again, who doesn't seem entirely trustworthy?


There are whispers that the vandals are aligned with shadowy Russian and or Chinese forces hinting at a mass data theft conspiracy that may or may not exist. The Shrouds never fully coheres as a mystery. In the end, it's an intriguing but not especially satisfying puzzle. I didn't mind that about it. Kronenberg isn't out to provide easy answers. He's saying that we live in such a 24 7 internet fog now. Who knows what could be out there mining the most human and vulnerable parts of ourselves, our habits, our yearnings, our relationships. This isn't a new theme for Cronenberg.


He's always been fascinated by the way technology alters our minds and even our bodies. In his 1983 classic video drone, the director inserted a Beta Max cassette into his protagonist's torso, literal the idea of what TV is doing to us. The Shrouds isn't nearly as graphic, but it doesn't have to be. It's set in a world where most of us have all but fused with our phones already. All of which is to say that this seemingly death obsessed movie about grief and desire and the unsettling power of technology to assuage them is also a movie about life and the way more than a few of us live now.


Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed The Shrouds now playing in theaters on Monday, show a conversation with author and executive Daria Burke about her new memoir of my own Making. It explores her growing up in 1980s Detroit amid addiction and instability and the years she spent trying to outrun that past by building a carefully curated, outwardly successful life. I hope you can join us. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Sam Brier is our managing producer. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld, and Adam Stanky.


Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annemarie Baldonado, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Chaloner, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Nesper for Terry Gross and Tanya Mosley. I'm David B. Cooley.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies and call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPRs. Wait, wait. Don't Tell Me Yes. That is what it is called wherever you get your podcast.


This message comes from stamps.com. stamps.com simplifies your postage needs and adds valuable time back into your workday so you have more flexibility to focus on what only you can do. Go to stamps.com and sign up with code NPR for a special offer.


These days, there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider This podcast from NPR.