
This message comes from NPR sponsor. Discover, wouldn't it be great to go to twice as many concerts? Well discover doubles the cash back earned on your credit card at the end of your first year, which could mean doubling the shows you love. See terms at discover.com/credit card.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya. Moseley. Immigration remains a pivotal issue in this presidential election with former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris. Presenting starkly different visions for America's immigration policy. Trump has doubled down on his hardline stance, promising an unprecedented crackdown if reelected. He's vowed on his first day in office to launch the largest deportation operation in US history ending birthright citizenship for children of undocumented immigrants and reinstating controversial policies like the Remain in Mexico program. Harris, on the other hand, says she will attempt to reframe the immigration debate, emphasizing her experience as California's attorney General in prosecuting transnational gangs and human traffickers.


She's pledged if elected to revive bipartisan border security legislation and address the root causes of migration from Central America. My guest today, Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Kaitlyn Dickerson, has been covering US immigration for several years now. Last winter, Dickerson and photojournalist Lindsay Idario traveled the Darien gap, one of the most dangerous paths to the US to give a firsthand account of the journey where nearly half a million migrants a year face the threat of snake filled jungles, flash, floods, sweltering heat, sexual violence, and even death. Kaitlyn Dickerson Chronicles what she saw and the migrant she followed, and the Atlantic September cover story, the Impossible Path to America.


Caitlin Dickerson, welcome back to Fresh Air. Thanks, Tanya. I'm grateful to be here. The Darien gap, as I understand it, has historically been seen as a last resort because it's difficult to navigate through and really dangerous. So why has it exploded in popularity over the last few years? That's right. What's happened is a couple things. One, we have more people who've been displaced from the homes than ever before in history. So about one in 69 people on the planet right now are migrating, and at the same time to try to prevent migration to the United States. Our government, in particular, has imposed restrictive policies at our border and pressured our Latin American neighbors to impose restrictions as well and block migrants from getting visas.


This includes people who might be seeking refugee status, asylees, I'm, I'm using the umbrella term migrant to describe all of them. And these policies make it impossible for people from countries where most people in the Darien gap are from Venezuela, Ecuador, Haiti make it impossible for them to go online and buy a plane ticket to a country closer to the United States. This hasn't minimized migration, but what it has done is shifted roots. So if you can't take a safer route by playing to the United States, what you end up doing is crossing a jungle like the Darien Gap. Can you place us in the Darien gap?


Where does the route start and where does it end? Sure. So we're talking about the northwest part of Columbia, that's where the jungle begins, and then stretches across the border into Southern Panama. It's the only strip of land that stretches out from South America, meaning the only way to get from South America to the United States eventually on foot is to cross the Darien gap. Okay. And you mentioned where some of those migrants are coming from, places like Venezuela and Ecuador. Where are some of the other places they're coming from and how, how do they actually get there? You have representation from essentially every habitable part of the world in the Darion gap.


So meaningful numbers of people coming from China, Vietnam, Thailand, Ethiopia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, all over Africa, the Caribbean, everywhere. You've even seen Ukrainians in the Darien gap. And they're getting there by and large, by using the help of smuggling organizations, trafficking groups that have become very efficient at moving drugs and moving illegal weapons across the globe have basically transitioned quite seamlessly into a business of moving people. They charge people, they make connections across the globe so that you can hire someone in northern India as, as a person whose family I interviewed did.


And they'll get you on a plane, perhaps first to Europe and then to Columbia or Guyana or another South American country where they can find a hole in Visa policies to get you on land there. And then through that smuggler's connections that they've made, they'll set you up with, whether it's taxi rides, bus rides, or just roots for you to walk, moving you from point A to B until you get to the United States. Of course, these roots are very dangerous and the safety of people who are being moved is not a priority for these smuggling groups, which is part of why the roots can be so deadly on top of the natural dangers that that come with them.


You write about the Gulf Clan cartel, the largest smuggling organization there. They're a criminal organization that seems like they've basically set up, as you say, a system. So the Gulf Clan controls everything that enters the Darion gap from Columbia. It controls the region of Northern Columbia where the jungle begins, so that includes drugs that move through the Darion gap, weapons, any other illicit contraband and migration. They came out of a, a former paramilitary group in Northern Columbia and evolved over the years into the country's most prominent drug cartel.


And so, you know, you'll see a dynamic in Northern Columbia that exists elsewhere in the world where there's essentially no government presence, there are no Colombian police in this part of the country, and the gang is the police and the mayor, and you know all of the positions that would normally be elected. And so they've systematized migration through the Darion gap. They allow anyone who lives in the region or who comes to the region to make money to work there as long as they've been vetted and as long as they turn over a portion of their profits to the cartel.


The photographs that Lindsay Idario took along with your reporting, it really gives this stunning look at the conditions and the experiences of these migrants, and you actually recorded yourself and some of your interviews during this journey. I wanna play some of what you recorded, where you describe the terrain. A lot of times you're making the choice between scaling really high rocks, basically bouldering or mountain climbing, or going through really fast running water really fast. So right now we're on boulders. Maria had a towel, her towel draped over her backpack, but it was getting caught on rocks, so she just ripped it off, threw it down, and kept going, which might mean no towel for her three kids.


That was my guest, Kaitlyn Dickerson recording herself while traversing the darienne gap. Kaitlyn, tell us why you decided to start recording yourself. So in the jungle, I couldn't use a notebook, right? I needed both hands at all times, and so I basically recorded myself as much as possible remembering, you know, trying to make note of what I was seeing so I could refer back to it later. This clip is from the last day I was in the jungle with a woman named Maria Fernanda and her family, and everyone was exhausted, so people were reaching their wits end, you know, they were dropping even the most basic supplies that they had with them in order to lighten the weight on their backs and try to get them to keep going.


At this point, food was really dwindling within the group she was traveling with. They didn't have any water left, and Maria Fernanda had struggled really the whole time. She had three young kids with her, including a son who'd had heart surgery at one point, and she and her husband, you know, they said we we're, we weren't super fit. We weren't able to prepare ourselves physically for this journey. And so they'd struggled from day one. And I think her leaving this towel behind, which is pretty essential, right? We're in one of the rainiest places on Earth, it's, it's raining every day more than it isn't.


And so something simple like that can really be helpful and be necessary. And so when I saw her rip it off of her bag and drop it, I realized, you know, she's really hitting her limit. And you know, I hope she's able to keep going. I'm wondering, Caitlin, what did Maria and some of the folks that you had talked to know about the complexity of moving through the dairy and gap before they got there? Because in the photographs, we really see that people are very ill-equipped. They just have on t-shirts and regular shoes, and they have lots of things on their back, but they're gonna to be traveling something like 60 miles through a dense jungle.


So smugglers advertise trips through the Darion gap, like their nature walks, you know, some of their videos say, we provide all the food and water that you'll need. We, we provide tents, we provide all the supplies you'll need. This isn't true. People are often quoted a low price. I think the cheapest now that people are told is $170 to cross the dairy and gap. When you get there, you find out that you actually have to pay for shelters that you stay in along the way, and that really the least you can pay is $300. That doesn't include supplies that come next. So people arrive there with a variety of perspectives on what they're about to get themselves into.


Maria Fernanda and the group she was traveling with were predominantly Venezuelans, and so they knew people, lots of people who'd left Venezuela and crossed the Darien Gap. I mean, that country right now, more than about a quarter of the population has fled because of the regime that's in place. And so it wasn't that Maria Fernanda didn't know what the terrain in the Darien gap was like, but that, like all of the Venezuelans essentially who are in the Darion gap, she was very poor. She couldn't afford to go to REI and buy the best camping gear. You know, they, they brought what they could t-shirts. A lot of people were hiking in tennis shoes, you know, they had backpacks that by the end were ripping, and so people would have to stop and sew their backpack back together, you know, shoes had big holes in them, and that's really just because of the economic reality of their lives.


Leading up to reaching the Darien gap, How much did you bring with you and did you have to offload anything You and Lindsay? So, no, we, we kind of the opposite. We ran out, I mean, we mostly lived on protein bars and Goo Runner's goo We did bring with us some cans of tuna and bread, but those were the supplies that ran out and why we had to race outta the jungle at the end. And so on my person, at any given time, I usually had, you know, two protein bars and a bit of water. So it wasn't like you had a lot of supply During your time out there. Did you share water or food with others who were on the journey?


If I had it, I did, and I talked to journalists who'd done the same thing in advance about what happens. You know, you actually have very little, right? It's not like you, even if you wanted to, could, could cross the daring gap with a bunch of extra supplies. We carried the bare minimum just like anybody else. It wasn't often that I was asked for food directly. You know, I, I think about two moments that were really memorable for me and, and difficult, you know, when I reached the border with Panama the first time with the two families that I was following on my first route through the Darion gap, we had to turn back.


We didn't have permission to continue on with the Panamanian government at that point. And, you know, I'd spent a couple days at that point getting to know these families and their children really closely. The youngest was two, and a father asked me, Do you have any water for the kids? We just ran outta water and I didn't have any left myself, and neither did anybody else in the group. And so, you know, very soon after the Panamanian border guards arrive and we actually had to, to run down the mountain because we were with Porters who said they'd been shot at by those guards before.


And so you can imagine that until I heard from those families again, I wondered, we all wondered if they were okay just knowing that they were gonna have several more days of walking, that they didn't have any clean water with them. And then on the second route, through the darion gap on the last day, right before exiting, I remember seeing a mother with a, a baby, you know, certainly less than two, strapped to her chest, and the child was yelling out in Spanish, you know, water, water.


And it's very difficult to see people in that kind of situation. Very difficult to see that You notified the, the government that you were going, right, but that didn't necessarily make things safe for you? No, I mean, it was very difficult to get the Panamanian government to engage when I was first planning this trip. And of course, there's a debate among journalists, you know, do you want to go on your own almost as if you're a migrant and try to have the exact same experience that they do?


I think that's really impossible, and it's also quite dangerous, you know, that requires you then to essentially traffic yourself and, and work more closely with smuggling groups. So we decided to tell the Panamanian government and try to get their permission that we were going to cross the darion gap so that we wouldn't have to risk things like being detained for crossing the border illegally if we were encountered on the Panamanian side of the jungle. And so they eventually, after a lot of cajoling responded, agreed for us to cross through Panama and said that they would have to send with us a team of border patrol officers who stood back, who didn't really get involved, but who were essentially telling us to look out for risks like robbery and sexual assault, which have become real issues there.


Of course, their presence doesn't do anything to make the terrain any less dangerous, and a lot of them struggled to keep up too. So these are officers who are trained to work in the jungle and who spend a lot of time there, but who were really struggling. I mean, at 1.1 of them broke down, he had diarrhea and from drinking the, the river water, which is contaminated with human waste and even with human bodies, and he sliced open a bottle of saline solution I'd given him, along with anti-venom for vipers, just in case anyone got a snake bite. The anti-venom requires dilution, but he chugged the saline solution because he was desperate.


So, you know, that's the experience of somebody who is trained and paid to work in the dairy and gap. Caitlin, can you describe how technology is used out there? Because many of these payments that people were making for food and water and, and other things, it didn't come from like actual cash, they were using apps and things like that. Is that right? Yes. Technology in the Daring App is expanding as is the infrastructure really on a week to week basis. So over the course of six months traveling there, I saw new roads being built.


I saw, you know, camps go up where people could sleep overnight on either edge of the jungle, not in the middle of it, but on either edge, you know, on concrete slabs sometimes with a roof over their head. And when it comes to payments, people are able to buy things on the internet because places on either side of the jungle use starlink. The company that Elon Musk started to create wifi hotspots and they use generators for electricity. And this allows people to have cell phone service deeper into the jungle and to transfer money and make purchases along the way, you know, so the cost of crossing the Daring Gap is really adding up as these resources are built in.


But at the same time, migrants there will say, you know, I'm so glad that I could buy two bottles of Gatorade even if it cost me $5, because if not, I might have gone an additional day without anything to drink. It's a very complicated dynamic. And just since I went in December for the first time, I've already seen lots of places along these roots that were of course not on Google Maps when I, when I first traveled to the Darien Gap and didn't expect them to be. I've seen them shown up on Google Maps and I've seen them wow, with reviews by migrants, you know, some of whom say that was horrible, I would never do it again.


You know, some say, you know, basically offer a blessing or, or good luck to people who follow behind them. But every time I look at these places I visited, I see more of them noted as locations with reviews on Google Maps. Our guest today is Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Kaitlyn Dickerson. We're talking to her about her latest article for The Atlantic, the Impossible Path to America. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley, and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares the story of how he got started creating Saatva In 2007. 2008, I went out and I bought the most popular luxury mattresses. I tore them apart and I realized based on the raw materials cost and the analysis that I had done, that I was able to sell that level mattress, but with a very affordable price. To learn more, go to SA tva.com/ NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, discover, wouldn't it be great to go to twice as many concerts? Well, here's music to your ears. Discover automatically doubles the cashback earned on your credit card at the end of your first year with cashback match. Put that toward double the reunion tours. Imagine getting to see your favorite band when they get back together and break up again. It pays to discover. See terms at discover.com/credit card.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer, registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Comcast. The Olympic and Paralympic games are a source of joy and inspiration for so many, and Comcast is proud to bring all the heartwarming moments and incredible action home to millions of Americans through NBC Universal's, iconic coverage and xfinity's innovative technology. Comcast hopes the stories of team USA will inspire all those watching, especially the next generation, the team of tomorrow. Learn more at comcast corporation.com/olympics.


Can you describe what sleeping overnight in the jungle was like and how long were your trips? So we spent about five days and four nights in the jungle, total sleeping in the jungle. It's very wet. So the first thing you have to do is look out for high ground because flash floods can sweep away tents in the middle of the night, and people do die that way. When you seek out high ground though, what you find is you're in a place where many, many other people who are migrating have slept before you. And so there's lots of trash. I mean, trash so thick that in some places you can't see the dirt beneath it.


There are no bathrooms. And so you see remnants of that, and it's raining often all night. There's no light pollution. So there's kind of this interesting rhythm where, you know, you walk for about 12 hours a day from the first light in the morning until right before sunset, and then right before sunset you race to set up camp. Because once the sun is gone, it's it's pitch black and you can't see anything. And then you spend a long time trying to sleep, you know, the, the jungle's very loud, but you're exhausted. And so I actually did sleep, and I think most people did somehow.


And then you get up the next morning and start again. A lot of what you were told to keep safe wasn't exactly foolproof, right? Because you, you write about how porters you paid to travel with you told you to stay close together because that would intimidate large groups, but you later learned that it was actually the opposite. That's right. So the dynamics in the darion gap change really quickly, which makes it impossible to fully report out in advance what you're going to come upon. When I was planning the trip, journalists advised me to always be in a group. You know, that's the way to avoid being robbed, facing sexual violence, which lots of women, particularly on the Panamanian side of the border face.


And so that was our plan going in. Once we reached the other side of the jungle though, and I started to do interviews, spoke to dozens and dozens of people right at the edge of the jungle as they were emerging. And they described to me being robbed systematically in very large groups of people. So basically what that told me was that these groups of bandits who are armed had figured out a way to maximize their profits by setting up almost an informal checkpoint where they would round people in groups of about a hundred up wave guns at them, search them aggressively. The women described being groped.


Some of the women said that they were digitally penetrated under the guise of being searched for hidden cash. And that basically traveling in large numbers did nothing to protect them. A lot of these groups of bandits are actually indigenous Panamanians, and there's a very complex dynamic at play. So indigenous panamanians have lived in the jungle for a long time. You know, they live in one of their wealthiest countries in Latin America, but are deeply poor and have had to deal with drug traffickers moving through their territory for a very long time. And so some have taken up arms to protect themselves or even gotten involved in trafficking themselves as a way of survival.


And I think that's what's given rise to a dynamic in which some prey on migrants who cross through the jungle. And I should say that leaders of these Panamanian communities have asked for help from the government, you know, to crack down on the assaults and the robberies of migrants and Panamanian authorities have so far done very little to address these issues. You mentioned how folks from Venezuela that you talked with, like Maria, they actually do know the dangers of this route. Many of them told you that they would've preferred to stay in their, their home country.


Some of them also had strong feelings about what they think the government should do. What did some of them share with you? In the fishing community of Porto al the Southern Panama, there was a real desire to create a system for safe and open migration. So when I visited, the community was actually in the midst of a mayoral election, and all of the candidates were campaigning on a platform to bring migration back, kind of the opposite of what a lot of people might assume. Now, this would pose many challenges, right? So first and foremost, a concern from the US government would be if you allow people to cross borders openly and without limit, that it could create an even greater mass movement of people.


You know, that's a fear that exists. But within this community, you know, again, what people say is, we've had migration here for as long as anyone can remember, and if we had a system where the government allowed us to, in the light of day move people in the safest way possible for a reasonable price, it would be better for migrants who are right now risking their lives to cross the jungle. And it would be better for us. Migration really is seen as a moneymaking proposition worldwide. You know, I've seen that again and again in my reporting, and sometimes those exchanges of money are mutually beneficial and sometimes they're exploitative.


You know, when human trafficking groups are involved and they're lying to people about what migration actually looks like and risking people's lives, that's obviously exploitative. But in Panama, this community was hoping for a dynamic, however unrealistic it may be in the current political context that would help migrants and help them. If you're just joining us, my guest is Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Kaitlyn Dickerson. We're talking to her about her latest article for The Atlantic, the Impossible Path to America. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh


Air. This message comes from Apple TV plus original podcasts presenting my devo from the producers of anything for Selena and the Pulitzer Prize winning podcast. Suave comes my Devo, a podcast about roots dive into the legendary life, music, and lasting influence of Latin America's most prolific songwriter and showman. Juan Gabrielle, El Divo de Juarez, hosted by Maria Garcia. This is my Divo, an Apple original podcast produced by Futuro Studios. Follow and listen on Apple podcasts


support for NPR. And the following message come from IXL learning. IXL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality. Get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when you sign up today@ixl.com slash NPR.


Support for NPR r and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions so you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


Caitlyn, you also witnessed children who were alone. What were the circumstances? Children in the Darion gap are actually the fastest growing demographic of people crossing that jungle. 30,000 crossed actually between January and April of this year alone. So I saw children, and you've got two different dynamics there. One is teenagers who are crossing the darion gap alone, migrating on their own, and others are children who are separated from their parents in the jungle.


These children arrive every day on the other side, and sometimes their parents follow, sometimes they don't. I met a five-year-old girl from Ecuador in the Daring Gap just as she emerged from the jungle. And she was with a group of adults who'd only just met her. They explained, they said this young girl named Kelly had been with an older woman. They didn't know if the woman was her mother or her grandmother, but that she'd been struggling physically. And so that at some point during the journey, the woman with Kelly handed her over to a man they weren't related to, but seemed to know and that he'd cared for her for the next few days as they continued through the jungle.


And then just before they reached canoes that are driven by indigenous Panamanians for a price that helped people make that final stretch out of the jungle. The man got hurt. And so he handed Kelly over to this group of virtual strangers, and that's where I met her. You know, what was so striking about what happened next is that Panamanian authorities had explained to me in advance, they have a process if a child arrives and they're not with their parents for whatever reason, they're taken aside and kept in government custody.


You know, they're given food and given clothing. I was told until their parent comes to get them. That's not what happened. This group reached a, reached the front of a, a processing line where they were interviewed by Panamanian authorities, and they simply said, you know, we don't have our documents with us. They're with somebody else who is traveling behind us who's gonna get here soon. And the authorities just waved them through into this indigenous community, which acts as a reception point for people emerging from the jungle. You know, there was a sea of people moving through town. It was packed. And very quickly I saw Kelly kind of disappear into the distance.


And so I kept tabs on her over the next couple of days. The man she'd been with arrived later that day, and then the woman who'd brought her into the jungle who turned out to be her mother finally arrived the following day. But you can see how easily children can get lost. And of course, there are cases where a child enters the jungle and you know, their parent dies during the journey. That happens too. In your piece, you tell us about a mother that you met who during the trek watches her 9-year-old son get swept away by a current, and it's, it's a horrifying story.


Can you describe what happened When I reached the indigenous community where people who make it out of the daring gap first emerge, I saw signs printed on computer, paper posted on the size of a couple of houses with a picture of a young boy and a phone number, you know, saying that they were seeking information. I reached out to the phone number and I met a woman named Be t Le, who's from Vietnam, and she told me that the picture was of her 9-year-old son, Kahan, so be had worked in Vietnam as an administrator at a school.


She lost her job during the pandemic and never got it back. They were living in a very poor community, struggling, surviving, but she saw on the internet videos of the Daring Gap depicting this easy trek. And and unlike people from Venezuela, she didn't know any better. And so she spoke to family, she had relatives in the United States. They decided to send her money so that she and Kahan could make their way. Here. I think her story is, is important for a lot of reasons, but one of them is that she's someone who may not have crossed the Darion gap, right? If, if smuggling groups had not taken over these roots and were not using their profit motivation to encourage more and more migration, not just if people who need to migrate, but if people who are willing to, if they think it's gonna be easier than it actually is.


And so t and Khan make their way over the course of about a month, first to Europe, then to South America, finally to the entrance of the Darien gap. And at this point, she still believes that she'll be walking mostly on a paved road. She told me she and Con didn't know how to swim, but she didn't think that would be a problem. She didn't think they were gonna have to swim. And she soon learned like everyone who crosses the Darien gap does that. You're crossing rivers dozens of times a day, and that flash floods can happen at any time. Their food ran out very quickly by their fifth morning in the jungle. They were very weak and exhausted, and they entered yet another river.


It had been raining all day, but the rain picked up and a flash flood started. They could tell because the water had been clear, but all of a sudden it turned dark, thick. Brown Bay and Kahan had linked arms with a man from Ecuador named Juan to just as stable themselves as they made their way across. But when the water rose, all three of them were swept off their feet be turned and grabbed onto a boulder to try to keep from being washed down the river. And Juan tried to do the same thing, but he was wearing a backpack and it filled with water. This happens a lot. And the backpack took him under.


And when that happened, Kahan slipped out of his arms. So Juan, yeah, and Bay, they scrambled quickly to the other side of the river and, and looked out in the direction where Kahan had been swept and he was gone. You've kept up with Fay. What has she asked of you? When I first spoke with Bai, she immediately began asking if I could help her find Khan. I think because like so many people who disappear in the Darion gap, you know, never been found. His remains have never been found. She doesn't have a body to mourn and she worries that maybe he actually survived and is looking for her somewhere, hasn't been able to contact her.


I mean, this is a, a grieving mother who has no closure. And so her question for me was, can you help me find my son? And can you tell our story as well? And so I knew of an initiative that the International Committee of the Red Cross has that exists globally to try to help connect migrants who lose track of family members with their loved ones, whether they're alive or dead. And so I contacted the Red Cross to find out if they had found anyone who matched Khan's description.


I contacted American immigration officials as well, but as you can imagine, they hadn't, I mean, it's, it's just nearly impossible, especially when someone disappears in this way to ever find them. And because they knew that I had begun to look into what happened to Con, I try to tell their story in its entirety. She latched on to me and she would send me messages every day and she still sends me messages and she would say, please help me find my son. You know, can you help me find Khan? Is there anything you can do?


She's still struggling. You know, they, they crossed the Darion gap just a week after I did that first time in last December, and it's now August. And it, it seems to me when we speak, like she's still there. She hasn't moved forward in time. I'm wondering, Caitlin, how do you describe to the migrants what you do and how much help you're able to offer them? And is there ever an expectation, was there ever an expectation during your time out there that you were there to help them? There was never an expectation that I was there to help anyone.


I mean, this is a really difficult dynamic that we all deal with as journalists, right? I, I'm sure you have too, Tanya. And the Darion Gap might be one of the most challenging instances of it that I've encountered, but it's part of all of our jobs. I'm very clear with everyone I meet and was very clear with everyone I met and the Darion gap that, you know, I'm a journalist. I write about migration. My job is to tell the stories of people who are involved in crossing the Darion gap as well as the officers who are working there, people working as porters, you know, the Gulf cartel, to, to help the public understand what's really happening.


And they understood that. And you know, at the same time you see people really struggling. And I guess there's not that much that you can, you know, certainly in the Darion gap, if you fall, somebody sticks their arm out to help you up. It doesn't matter if you've never met them before, you're never gonna see them again. You know, people did that for me and I, I did that for them. I'm a human being. And people did say, and I hear this often, you know, that they were glad that, that we were there. I think it means a lot to people who are in a really difficult situation to just know that someone thinks they're important enough to ask how they're doing.


And it is our job explaining to the public the dynamics that play here from every perspective and tell people so that they can decide for themselves how they feel about it. You know, what policies they wanna push for, which candidates they wanna support. That's what the reader does, and I help them do it. Caitlyn Dickerson, thank you so much for this conversation. Thank you Tanya. Caitlyn Dickerson is a staff writer for The Atlantic. Her September cover story is titled The Impossible Path to America. Coming Up, our Critic at Large John Powers reviews the new Apple TV plus series Women in Blue.


This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Charles Schwab with their original podcast, choice Allergy, hosted by Katie Milkman, an award-winning behavioral scientist and author of the bestselling book, how To Change Choice Allergy is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Hear true stories from Nobel laureates, historians, authors, athletes, and more about why people do the things they do. Download the latest episode and subscribe at schwab.com/podcast or wherever you listen,


You can't bring every book you own with you to the beach. So how the heck are you gonna choose what to read? This summer NPRs book of the day podcast has got you covered with author interviews from across the NPR network. You can find the right book for your next summer read. Listen to NPR R'S Book of the Day podcast wherever you get your podcasts. The new crime series Women in Blue from Apple TV plus is set in Mexico in the 1970s. It's about four women cops, the first ever in Mexico City who banned together to catch a serial killer while battling their male colleagues' belief that women can't do the job. Our critic at large John Powers says that it's a story about the battle to shift consciousness.


Over the years, TV has offered up an entire precinct WR of women cops from Angie Dickinson's, spicy Pepper Anderson in the seventies hit police woman to Helen Mirren's Flinty Jane Tenon. In the great nineties series, prime suspect to Mariska Hargady's driven Olivia Benson, who will doubtless still be solving sex crimes on law and order SVU long after the oceans have swallowed New York City. We've watched so many women with badges that it's easy to forget that there was a time when most men believed there shouldn't be any. That belief is the starting point of a new Mexican made TV series Women in Blue, which is streaming on Apple TV plus set in the hyper conservative Mexico of 1971.


This lively 10 part drama focuses on four vastly different women who go to work for the police and discover that it's easier to capture a serial killer than to deal with the assorted misogyny of the men around them. As the story begins, Mexico City is being terrorized by a woman killing maniac known as the Undre for the way he leaves his victims to distract from the forces failure to catch this killer. The police chief cooks up a publicity stunt. He announces that he's opening up the police department to women, an idea he feels sure will get SCS of upbeat coverage. We follow four new recruits. Foremost among them is Maria, who once dreamed of being a detective, but wound up an elegant bourgeois mother with a husband you know is cheating.


The instant you see him, there's her sister Valentina, a revved up feminist who hates the government. There's Anjali a loner who does most of the actual crime solving. And finally, there's Gina whose policeman father slaps her face for joining the force against his wishes. These four shine in training, but when it comes time to do the job dressed in blue miniskirts, they're treated as a joke sent out to patrol a park. They're given not weapons, but a bag with coins to call the cops. If they uncover a crime, naturally they do uncover one. They find the re's latest victim. And even though they're ordered not to, they throw themselves into tracking down the killer.


Early on, I got a bit bored watching the relentless sexism faced by our heroines. I don't doubt it's realism, but nothing is more tiresome than having to watch people be bigoted in stupid ways that the world has passed by. This is 2024 and hearing some macho detective snarl that women can't be cops made me fear that women in Blue might be one of those shows that simply flatters its audience by letting us feel more enlightened than the people from an earlier era. Happily, the show grows more interesting with each of the quartet facing a different form of misogyny even within their own families. And like them. We discovered some startling wrinkles in Mexican law back then. Like Article 1 69 of the country's civil code.


It held that a Mexican woman could be forced to quit a job if it affects the quote, integrity unquote, of her family. And the person who got to decide on this was her husband. It's since been repealed, although there are original works about the shocking level of femicide in Mexico. Most famously, Roberto Bellagio's great novel, 26 66 Women in Blues Crime Plot is pretty generic. It resorts to such tired standbys as the cultivated serial killer who gives them brainy tips from his prison cell and the murderer deciding to target the women in blue who are investigating him. The show's real strength lies in showing how each of the heroines is transformed by joining the force, be it Anis breaking free of her emotional isolation, or the idealistic Gina discovering the brutal corrupt truth about policing in Mexico.


The story's feminist angle is clearest in Maria with her nice house, elegant clothes. And George Clooney looking husband is the one who had seemed to have had it made. She's the one who must decide whether she'll sacrifice comfort to work in a police department whose men don't want women in it. By the end of Women in Blue, its heroines and its audience come face to face with a radical truth. What drives the dresser to kill women is grounded in the ingrained patriarchal values that ordinary women lived with every single day. John Powers reviewed the new series Women in Blue on Apple TV plus tomorrow on Fresh Air pediatric surgeon, Dr.


Ala Stanford. At the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, Dr. Stanford made the decision to step away from her role as surgeon to address health inequities in black and brown communities. Her new memoir is Take Care of Them Like My Own. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Roberta Schrock, Sam Brier, Lauren k Crile, Annamarie Baldonado, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, and Joel Wolfram.


Our digital media producer is Molly c Neer, Susan Nadi directed today's show with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America Company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Allianz Travel Insurance Hotel booked check tickets, check, passport check. What about travel insurance? Learn how to protect your trip at Allianz travel insurance.com.


I.