
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member DC.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Teri Gross. My guest, Miranda July was a bit afraid of what people would think of her after publishing her second novel. All Fours. The book is partly about sexuality and has some very explicit sexual scenes, but that's true of many books. Her larger fear was the theme of a woman reaching midlife and entering perimenopause. The time in a woman's life when she's transitioning into menopause and is experiencing some of the many symptoms associated with that time of life. For her main character, it's the fear of losing her libido, dealing with mysterious moods and anxiety and the thought of being seen as an old woman.


But the book has gotten the opposite reaction She feared. It's on many of this year's 10 best lists, including the New York Times in which it was described as this year's literary conversation piece. And in the New Yorker, where it was described as a study of crisis, the crisis of being how middle age changes sex, marriage, and ambition. July's moving very funny book is at one's buoyant about the possibilities of starting over and clear-eyed about its costs. When our critic, John Powers reviewed it, he said, I gassed in surprise at All. Fours Miranda July's hilariously unpredictable novel. All Fours is sometimes described as a book about perimenopause, the transitional stage before menopause.


Yet this flattens it into sociology and self-help. July's mind is far too unruly and interesting for that. John goes on to describe the book as perverse, unrepentant, sometimes dirty, and often laugh out loud. Funny. All Fours story revolves around a 45-year-old woman, a slightly famous artist, writer, and performer who decides to take a break from the routines she's stuck in and drive from her home in LA to New York. Her husband thinks it's a good idea and even suggests the best route for the drive. But about 30 minutes away from home, she stops at a gas station and feels this electric connection to a young man there.


And he seems to feel it too. They end up having an affair in a motel room. She rents and redecorate and she spends the entire three weeks there. Their affair is both sexual and chaste. They're both married. He won't engage sexually, which would be disloyal to his wife, but they touch and dance and the intentional eroticism becomes all consuming for her. But then the three weeks are up. She returns home and has enormous trouble reentering her life as a wife and mother. Miranda July is also a filmmaker actor, performance artist and visual artist. Miranda July. Welcome to Fresh Air. It's such a good book. I really enjoyed reading it and I'm looking forward to talking with you about it.


So you were afraid to write this book and what people would think of you. It elaborate on what your biggest fears were. I mean, I think fear in general was also why I wrote the book. Like I, upon turning 40, which was a few years before I started writing it, it seemed like this, this grim time was suddenly approaching that was very vague. Like this time of a woman who's no longer young. And I, I wanted to not write about that because so many women I admired so many writers, had written about more important things, right?


Like they had not focused on the, the people trying to shame them or the shame they felt themselves. They, they focused on important subjects. But the, the more that I got older and I started writing this book at 45, and the more that I talk to other women and gynecologists and naturopaths, the more I felt that this subject actually wasn't separate from those more important things. Well, one thing about getting older is I think Wikipedia has relieved the burden of that because for most people, their birth date is on the Wikipedia page.


And so you can't really hide it even if you want to anymore. And I resent the fact that women especially are supposed to hide their age. Like why can't we own it? Why can't we proclaim it? You know, why should we have to reinforce the idea that a woman getting older is a really terrible thing? Right? I mean, we shouldn't have to reinforce it for sure, but it does. Like I think people, I don't totally wanna blame women when there's real repercussions, you know, economically just in their sense of what's possible in the world, you know?


So it's a tricky line. Like I, yes, I sort of obviously am on the side of declaring it, but I am kind of often, I'm just being honest here. 'cause so much of the book is about like not trying to be less ashamed than I actually am. Not trying to seem less ashamed. Yeah, because I feel like then you can't evolve. Like if you're hiding the place where you're actually at, then it's hard to get to the next place. So when I say I'm 50, I am always a little disappointed when the person doesn't look shocked. Oh, like, oh, but you look 35, that kind of thing.


When they just sort of are like, Hmm, yeah. Like I still have that in me despite having declared all that stuff, a massive construction, you know, like a best construction ever that, that we become less interesting, you know, so early, so young, right? 45, I mean like why was I thinking about this at 45? But, but I was, There's a line in your book where you're buying something from an older woman and you think about how you sometimes really hate old women. And so Well it's not, yeah, it's, we're gonna have to decide.


Are we saying you? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm saying the character, the character, the character. I mean we can get into that, but Yeah. You know the narrator's saying, yeah, so, So the character, this is where the character has gone to the hotel. She's felt this like erotic charge from this younger man. She's 45, he's 31 who she met at, at who she looked at at a gas station and he looked back at her and then they met briefly in a diner. So she's unpacking her suitcase at this motel and the reading is about what she's thinking as she's unpacking her clothes and which one she's gonna leave in the suitcase and which one she's gonna actually unpack and wear, Right?


Yeah. So she leaves the, the sort of more androgynous styles in the suitcase. I left these things in my suitcase in favor of my more overtly feminine and form fitting clothes, heels and pencil skirts, cropped sweaters, shirt, waist dresses with tight belts around the smallest part of my waist. Every old thing had a modern counterbalance. Past age 40, you had to be careful with vintage. I didn't wanna be mistaken for an elderly woman wearing the clothes from the 1960s of her youth. Young people especially had trouble making distinctions between ages over 40. When I got my first Patty Smith tape horses at 22, Smith was only 49.


But I didn't think of her as a contemporary person. I wasn't even sure she was still alive because the cover of horses was a black and white photograph. Instead of knowing this was a stylistic choice, like vintage clothes, I unconsciously associated the record with the deep past of black and white movies. If anyone asked, I would've probably managed to assign the album to the right decade. But most of life as a vapor of unconscious associations never brought to light. A good way to check your outfit is by running past the mirror. Or better yet, make a video of yourself running past your phone. How old was that blur of a woman? Was she from the past or was she modern and where was she going?


In such a hurry? I walked around Monrovia in a red shirt, waist dress, and white wedge heels. The commercial areas weren't really built for walking, but there were some nice residential neighborhoods. Several times I passed teenage girls wearing backpacks, their breasts inflated by the hormones and cows milk and barely covered by tank tops. Whenever I saw them coming, I pretended I was from another country projecting the air of someone so foreign she could not understand or be hurt by anything. American. Did you share a similar almost fear of older women or a dislike of them that your character has?


I think I was catching myself around this time. I kept sort of noticing what I was thinking about older women and noticing the way that I might dismiss someone or, or not give them sort of the full benefit of an interior life or an erotic life or, or think of them as like a sad character kind of for no, no reason, right? Like this is just like someone I'm seeing in passing. And by the time I was writing the book, I was aware like, oh, that that fear or hatred of older women is of course self hatred.


You know, because I will become that and to some degree I already am that to, to people younger than me, you know? So it's like a kind of slippery zone. Your character is experiencing things and fears that relate to perimenopause, but some of the things she's experiencing, she doesn't know relate to pa perimenopause until she actually goes to her gynecologist. Was it that way for you that you had symptoms of perimenopause that you were attributing to other things? Well, I had a, a different experience from the narrator.


I actually had this amazing doctor, Dr. Maggie Nay, who started talking with me about it in my inner early forties. I may have been just 40. And she's like, look, we're gonna take your blood and see where your hormone levels are at. And that's just to get a baseline so that as you get older, you know, and things, your hormone levels drop, we'll kind of understand like the speed at which that's happening and when you might wanna do bioidentical hormones if you want that. And, and I always remember at the end of describing all this, which was a longer conversation, She said, I'm so excited for you.


And she didn't mean that like, as a joke and I not knowing anything else about this, never having had a conversation about it in any other time in my life, not having had a conversation about it ever before with anyone. I just smile. I just dumbly smiled and was like, ha, yeah, who, you never know what's coming next. You know, like this is exciting. Like go from ballet slippers to point shoes, you know, like it's always something, I don't know, it didn't seem inherently bad. But then, you know, as I would talk to my friends, I was like the only one who knew anything.


So one of the things the book is about is the feeling that you need to change your life, but not knowing how to do it and knowing that there will be consequences and rewards if you do. And part of the consequences will be for the other people in your life if you're leaving a marriage, if you are breaking up a home in a way that will affect your young child. And I know you've experienced similar things, and this might be too personal, but was there, was there a lot you had to weigh before changing your life, knowing that it might be the right thing for you, but there would also be consequences that everyone in your family would be facing, including you?


'cause there, I'm sure there'd be a downside as well. Yeah, I mean, my changing life moment, it, it wasn't like I alone in my head was coming up with that I had to do this. It was like an ongoing conversation with, with my husband at the time and very slow. And we both, I think as much as we didn't wanna traumatize our kid, we also didn't wanna traumatize ourselves. And we were very attached to ourself and the triangle of our family.


So what exactly had to change and what could stay the same? I feel like it's still changing. I mean, kind of, as long as we're a family, which will hopefully be forever, you know, you've got three changing people in it whose needs are changing and who are trying to be honest. And I guess that was the big shift was like, oh, we're not gonna pretend we're not changing anymore. And that a lot of those changes have nothing to do with each other or you know, or this or this thing that we've built.


But you know, as much as you worry about the kid, my my biggest worry was that they wouldn't get to see me as I really was. And I say they because they're non-binary. There's just one kid. Because I started to realize, oh, there's a whole lot of myself that happens outside the home with my best friend or in my studio alone being creative or just me alone in the world. Like I feel like I'm starting to feel like this part that used to just be like me on a break or you know, at work, this may be the lion's share of me, this might be kind of what I have to offer them as far as one way to live, one way to be.


But actually when I go home, I'm being like a smaller version and not kind of like a just less interesting to even to myself. Like, 'cause I was biting my tongue a lot and no one was asking me to do this, by the way. Like it's, it is very personal. I know a lot of people who the freest they feel is, is in their home and, you know, the world is terrifying, but, and so I began to feel like something I had to do for my child, like, I need to change these circumstances so they can see who I really am.


So this may be too personal, but please don't answer it if, if, if it is you and your former husband. Is that the right way to describe it? Lived together for a while with your child, but more as friends than as a married couple? How did that work? I, I think a lot of people would be curious about that. 'cause I think there are a co a lot of couples who separate who remain friends, but they don't want to be romantically involved anymore and they want more freedom outside of the home.


But I could see where there'd also be a lot of discomfort and tension and nervousness around each other. So if, if there's anything that you can offer about how that arrangement worked out? I, yeah, I mean I, it is interesting, I feel a little different since the book came out. Like I've now read so many emails and messages and comments on my substack about women at this point or women doing things differently or trying to figure this out that I no longer, I'm like, is there a way to answer this question that isn't specific to me?


Because I, I actually don't feel like, I think at the time I felt very unique and very like, no one's doing what I'm doing. And both worried by that and sort of proud. And now I'm like, no, it's, this is incredibly widespread. At least lots of thoughts about it. And then people trying to figure out how to do it. I mean, the thing of living together, it's what you're used to. Obviously that's not gonna work if you're incredibly embattled, you know?


But if you're not, then it is kind of an opportunity to see who the other person is a bit more like, like, wow, this person who like my long time pal, like, but I never could quite see what they were like when they're dating, you know, not that like you're necessarily getting any details or anything, but just like their energy, you know, because you were the person they were dating and now you're not. And like, yeah, there might be some sadness or strangeness about that, but you're also like, look at you, you're a person.


Like I I never really gave you all of that. And meanwhile you're also getting it too. Like they're seeing you as a person more completely and nothing you do is threatening in the old way. You know, the way every new thing and change is like sort of threatening when you're in a, in a couple sometimes. And if, if you know it's gonna be a lifelong relationship, you know, partly because of the child, but also 'cause you know, life isn't that long and you've already invested so much time and energy with this person. Like maybe that's sort of interesting to get to see and be seen, you know, in this different way.


My guest is Miranda July. Her novel All Fours is on many best books of the year list. We'll talk more after a break. I'm Terri Gross and This is Fresh Air.


Hi, it's Tanya Moseley. Before we get back to the show, the end of year is coming up and our Fresh Air team is looking back at all the fantastic interviews and reviews we've been able to bring you in 2024 because of your support. We had so many delightful, introspective, sometimes emotional, sometimes funny, always deeply human conversations with St. Vincent, Al Pacino, Bridgette Everett, Pharrell Williams, Jeremy Strong, ina Garten, and so many others, people you know well and hopefully new people you learned about for the first time on our show. We're able to do this because of your support to your local station or by joining NPR plus. NPR Plus has grown a lot this year and we wanna say thank you, an extra special thank you to those supporters. You know who you are and we see you if you don't know what we're talking about. NPR Plus is a great way to support independent public media when you sign up for a simple reoccurring donation. You support our mission to create a more informed public and get special perks for more than 25 NPR podcasts, including sponsor free listening weekly bonus episodes from our Fresh Air archives and even exclusive and discounted items from the NPR shop and NPR Wine Club. When you donate today, you join a community of supporters United in our curiosity about the world and respect for hearing out different perspectives. Join us on the plus side today@plus.npr.org. Thanks.


Support for NPR comes from Google. This year Google is celebrating the breakout searches of 2024 that captured the world's attention and shaped our year in ways we never saw coming. Watch the film at g.co/year in search. Google search on


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana.


This is Eric Glass on this American Life. We like stories that surprise you. For instance, imagine finding a new hobby and realizing To do this hobby right? According to the ways of the masters, there's a pretty good chance that you're going to have to bend the law to get the materials that you need. If not, break it. Yeah, to break international laws, Your life stories. Really good ones. This American Live,


ho Ho, ho Santa here, coming to you from the North Pole, where the elves in our podcast division have just completed. Work on this season's best gift for public radio lovers NPR Plus give the gift of sponsored free listening and even bonus episodes from your favorite NPR podcasts all while supporting public media. Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terri Gross. Let's get back to my interview with writer and filmmaker Miranda July. Her films include you, me and everyone we know. And Gajillionaire her new novel All Fours is on many 2024 Best of list. It's about a woman wanting to shake up her life. She's thinking of leaving her marriage and is having a very erotic affair when she discovers she's entering perimenopause. She fears the best part of her life may be ending and she may lose her libido. She worries about getting older. There are parallels to Miranda July's life. I wanna ask you about being the parent of a non-binary child, which is at the position more and more parents seem to be in.


How old is your child now? 12. Yeah. So they use the pronoun they them. What are some of the things you have to deal with as the parent of a non-binary child in terms of e even questions of like, do you want your child to take hormones? Do you want them to have a puberty block or do they wanna have it? Like is your voice gonna take precedence over theirs or do you hope to be on the same page? Do you wanna just follow what they want knowing that they're not an adult yet, that their mind could possibly change? There's so many questions I think that the parents of non-binary children have to have to deal with.


And especially now in a world where that's being like demonized in politics. Yes, I mean that's like a whole other book that I didn't write. The the child in the book is non-binary and I remember sort of wrestling with like, should I have the child be he and it would be he for a while, then she, none of these things are feeling right. You know, it is a fiction. I'm making up all kinds of other things.


Surely I can just, the the gender of this child doesn't have to map onto the gender of my child. But I, I went home one day and asked my child, I just deri I just described this situation. I said, what do you, what do you think? Should I just have them be they them? I mean, I don't want, you know, it's not you, you know, so I don't want that to feel invasive to you. And they said, I think everyone in the book should be they them, which was such a kind of 2.0 answer. Like, like sort of like just questioning the construction of gender in general.


Like, and I said like, okay, yeah, I'm not there yet. Point taken. And then I just went with they, them and I, there's maybe one point in the book where it's kind of acknowledged that potentially it's the same hormones that, that the narrator is taking estrogen, you know, that a non-binary, trans-feminine child would, might one day take. But beyond that, you know, as a mother, it's not my story to tell, especially because as with any child, it's a changing story and you don't like you, none of us wanna put something out there that's gonna haunt the child, you know, which is not to say like they're ever not gonna be trans.


I don't mean that, but it's like, it's a private journey. My own, you know, deep inner gender and sexuality journey is a private journey. So I I, it's tricky. I, there's so much information and conversation that is missing and that I would love to give any, any parents or grandparents who are listening, but it's just, it's too public for, for just me as a, as a mother, not an educator, not a writer.


Yeah. I'm just too protective of the sanctity of their, their childhood. Of course. Yeah. Have you changed a lot, having more space in your life on your own? Because I, I would imagine you co-parent with your former husband and that you don't have your child every day to take care of. And in some ways that's a real loss. And in other ways it gains you some independence and personal time. And I, I wonder what that shift in time and that shift in the balance of independence versus having somebody dependent on you all the time has, has changed you for better or worse has changed your life or for better and worse.


So yeah, the four days, every other four days I am alone. You know, or wherever, whoever I choose to sleep with, like in my twenties. Like, it's, it's really like, you really have to stop and think when you have that, that time alone where, where you're not responsible. Like, what actually am I doing here in this life? Like, what do I feel like? And, and you keep just 'cause you've unburdened yourself practically, you know, with from this construction or these, these real responsibilities doesn't mean they just automatically lift off your shoulders.


Like most of my issues come from within, right? So suddenly you're like, oh, it wasn't all the, the construction of marriage or the, the patriarchy or those, it was those things, but they're inside me and I am still running for dear life or replacing those constructions with new ones. You know, anything that'll fill up my time, take my time, please. You know, Instagram, whatever, like, and so to actually be willing to take on that freedom, it's a real practice.


Like it's, and I don't mean to make it sound hard or scary, it's only hard in the way that like a new habit is, is hard. My guest is Miranda July. Her latest novel is called All Fours. We'll be right back after a short break. This is Fresh Air. I'm Lakshmi Singh.


Public Radio reminds us of our shared humanity. Even at our darkest hours, like with a story of an artist couple who make beautiful spaces for communities to grieve. We found that people will usually stop by and just feel a little bit more open and willing to talk and share. Help us make room for Light in the Dark. Give before the end of the year at donate.npr.org.


Every weekday up first gives you the news you need to start your day on the Sunday story from up first. We slow down, we bring you the best reporting from NPR journalists around the world, all in one major story. 30 minutes or less us. Join me every Sunday on the Up first podcast to sit down with the biggest stories from NPR.


Hey everybody, it's time to join NPRs all songs Considered as we celebrate a very tolerable Christmas with a mix of seasonal songs and special guests. Yeah, We're in for like the saddest Christmas ever Stuck with Robin, who is basically a lump of coal in the shape of a Man here. New episodes of all songs considered every Tuesday, wherever you get podcasts.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with writer and filmmaker Miranda July. Her latest novel All Fours is on many best of the year book lists. So I wanna talk about your formative years you gravitated toward punk as a teenager and what drew you to it and what were your first experiences listening to punk rock or, you know, going to clubs? I mean, I think I wasn't ever like, I'm not like a music head. So the thing that that drew me to punk, especially as a teenager, was first of all it was an all ages scene.


Like the clubs, like I could go to them. I, they weren't, they didn't have alcohol. And not only that, but the, the whole premise was you don't have to be taught, like you can figure it out yourself. And that was great for me, who did not want to be taught by anyone anyways and wanted access to a, like a space, a world, a literal, I mean, I put my first plays on in a punk club in 9 24 Gilman, a sort of seminal all ages punk club in Berkeley. And that was so great. Honestly, I would wish that on any teenager to have the freedom to do something outside of school.


That's while punk seemed sort of lawless. It actually was a structure, you know, it did formalize what I was doing. You actually moved to Portland to be part of the Riot Girl scene? Well, I moved to Portland to be with my girlfriend at the time and Riot Girl kind of had just happened. I'd say I sort of missed it slightly, but certainly the, like, the feminist underpinning was all there. One of the jobs that you had early on while trying to support yourself, I guess while you were doing your art was working at a peep show. How and why did you get that job Initially?


Let's see, my girlfriend and I broke up. She moved out, we had to cover her rent and I remember my friend at the time, like, how are we gonna get this money really quickly, you know, that, that we were missing. And She said, well, one of us is gonna have to strip and it can't be me 'cause I have glasses. And I was like, huh, okay. And so initially it was this club that I think is still there called Mary's Mary's and in Portland. And, but then I've had these kind of lifelong problems with my eyes. So there and there was smoking in the bars back then, so I couldn't really handle the smoke.


So that's why I moved to the, the Peep shows, which is just like a, a box. You're not really sharing air with anyone And you're separated by glass, right? Yeah. What did you learn doing that about sexuality or about men, about yourself, about what it means to get really turned on looking at somebody who's basically on exhibit behind glass? Hmm. Yeah, I mean, my main goal was to make, as you know, much money, it still wasn't that much, but to make this amount of money in a short time so I could work on my, you know, what ended up being like my first book of short stories, my first feature film, you know, I needed the time was how I was thinking about it.


Yeah, I mean, I wouldn't recommend that job to my child or anyone else's child, but on the other hand, like most jobs at that age are, are not so great. Were You able to see the Peep show as a form of performance art? No. No, I don't think I, I thought of it as my job, my not great job. That was, I think I, when I quit that job, I started working unlocking car doors for a company called Papa Lock. You know, when you lock your key in your car and you, I, that doesn't happen so much anymore, but, and that job really, I, I really hated because I had a, I had a beeper and like I could be beeped in the middle of the night to like, have to go unlock someone's car, which I was, you know, I'd been trained, but, and I always managed to get it open, but sometimes it took like a while.


I have one more peep show question. So when men were staring at you and telling you their sexual fantasies, did you find it at all flattering or really creepy? Like what, what was your experience of that? Watching them, like they're there to watch you, but you are watching them? I mean, at the time, like for some context, like I was a lesbian. I had like very, I think it like bleached out short hair and I would wear a wig that was like my normal pretty girl wig that was like long girl brown hair.


And so the whole thing was sort of like, I am so far from this, you have no idea. Like I am. Yeah. So it it it just kind of Felt like, I'm not Even me, You think you're looking at me, you're not that kind of thing. Yeah. Just like, yeah. And, and I could see exactly how, like I remember at the, it marries knowing that there was like, that there was a kind of guy, like if I put on what's the song like in Your Eyes, the Light, the Heat, like what is that genesis or something, I don't know, in in Your Eyes I think it's called that, that would really just be like, oh my God, like this song, which is so great and this girl, you know, like that that would sort of generate this like man feeling and that there was another song, Brown-Eyed Girl That's been Morrison song.


Like yeah, yeah. Even though I don't have brown eyes, that it like cultivated a feeling of like just a brown-eyed girl up here, you know, like girl next door kind of feeling. And that that was another thing that the customers liked to feel, you know, was kind of like a homey feeling. So I think, but, but you know, these things aren't so different than life itself, like noticing qualities in the rest of life, which I was doing all the time anyways.


I mean, like in my first collection of short stories, I think there's only one story that has a peep show in it. So the amount of noticing I was doing at that in my twenties was across the board and most of what I was noticing was not in that club. Right. Or in Mr. Peeps. What were some of the, the conversations that you know about, about your book that you found most interesting? Like what were some of the themes that you're glad your book provoked? You know, the themes in the conversations. I mean, the things that make me most happy to read are like women who, while they were reading the book, felt kind of exposed like, oh, oh no, this, this is like my whole inner life exposed here in this book.


And, you know, I've had people tell me that like they were reading it on the plane and they had felt like they at a certain point had to put it away not because of this sexual content, but because like they were sitting next to their husband and it was all their, all their true feelings that they weren't saying. And that's always kind of astonishing to me, like, oh, writing can do that. Like, I I I get a lot of messages from older women who say like, oh, this all happened to me. My All Fours time was 20 years ago, but I, I'm stunned to realize that I wasn't alone.


I thought I was uniquely crazy or irresponsible or something. And so they're just, it's like a reframing of their life to have the community from the book. Well, I look forward to your next book. Thank you so much for being on our show. Thank you so much. Terry Miranda July's latest novel is called All Fours. This is Fresh Air,


It's cuffing season, the Cold Months where we might look for a warm somebody to cuddle up to, but dating isn't always warm and fuzzy. And this year there were so many big debates about how we love on it's been a minute. Our coughing season series will help you answer some big questions like what is the ick really about? Or is it okay to date for money to find out? Listen now to the, it's Been a Minute podcast from NPR


When it came out in 1843, A Christmas Carol was a Sensation and Charles Dickens became a legend. Some People would consider him the originator of Christmas or the inventor of Christmas, The past, present, and future of Charles Dickens A Christmas Carol, Listen to th line wherever you get your podcasts.


Every weekday NPR R's best political reporters come to you on the NPR politics podcast to explain the big news coming out of Washington, the campaign trail and beyond. We don't just wanna tell you what happened, we tell you why it matters. Join the NPR politics podcast every single afternoon to understand the world through political eyes.


This is Fresh Air jazz historian Kevin Whitehead is going to review a newly released recording of a concert he attended in 1978 by pianist Sun Ra and his orchestra. Kevin says the colorful Philadelphia band leader didn't always connect with traditional jazz audiences, but he'd found a second home doing so in Baltimore Pianist SunRail called a sprawling orchestra's.


Orchestras. And like Noah's Ark, they crammed in and I probable amount of vibrant variety. He had his earworm melodies like that one watusi with its percolating Afro-Cuban percussion. The orchestra played squalling free jazz barrages and sang genial vocal chance connected with Sun RA's personal cosmology involving space travel and an interplanetary exodus. They say that you are a pleasant soul when you an going June Tyson longtime singer and costumer for the orchestra who deck them out in striking spangled outfits that look good when the chanting musicians did a ring dance in front of the stage counterclockwise like the ancestors at the other end of time sunrise keyboard synthesizer could become a rocket taking off for and maybe arriving at a more hospitable planet than this one.


This music comes from newly released recordings of sunrise in 1978 playing one of the left bank jazz. So society's weekly Sunday concerts in Baltimore. Some left bank regulars disliked the jazz avant-garde to the point of scolding musicians who went too far. And yet this show was Sun RA's fifth for the left bank. And under two years making him very much a house favorite. He did draw his own audience, but the left bank's, African American standbys dug him too. Knowing a comic persona and a Black Carnival act when they saw one sun RA was serious, but it's not like he didn't know he was funny. His wisdom was couched in puns and wordplay. But Sun RA's warm welcome was really because his rocket to the future flew straight through the jazz of the 1930s and forties.


He was well drilled and the fundamentals, the old school jazz fans veered.


I attended a few of Sunrise left Bank concerts and this one got even odder than usual. When documentary filmmaker Bob Mug's overhead movie lights came up after the first set as if the Gods were checking in from above some of mug's footage turns up in his fine film, sun Ra Joyful Noise in the seventies, Ross started reviving then obscure 1930 swing tunes by his early idol and onetime employer band leader Fletcher Henderson. Those vehicles for trumpet sensation Michael Ray let the orchestra Traverse time as well as space. This is Ye Man Sun Ron.


His orchestra played three sets that evening in 1978 and the double album, the Lights On a Satellite gives a fair sampling of their range and includes a few tunes they didn't record so much. There were good features for tenor, saxophone Hero John Gilmore and Alto West Marshall Allen. At age 100 Marshall leads a posthumous Sun RA orchestra that also has a new CD called Lights on a Satellite. That modern band has its moments, but there's only one Sun Ra as a leader or keyboard player. Here he is on Organ for Round Midnight just playing the melody his way, The producer Abyss and dozens of historical jazz records, many of which we've praised.


Here on the show is Zev Feldman, who likes to fill out album booklets with extracts from interviews he conducts with witnesses whose memories are not always accurate or pertinent. The Sun Robb booklet contains a few contradictory or just plain wrong statements, some made by Feldman himself about such easy to verify stuff as what day or days the orchestra played that weekend, or at what time those famous ballroom shows were all Sundays from five to 9:00 PM in the booklet Someone guesses Sun Ra played three or four times for the Left Bank Jazz Society when it was 13 concerts in 11 years. Producer Feldman calls himself the jazz detective, but it's a detective's job to sift through conflicting accounts to tell us what really happened, not just throw it all out there before racing off to another case.


Valuable music like this deserves more scrupulous documentation. Jazz Ester and Kevin Whitehead reviewed Sun Raw Lights on a satellite live at the Left Bank. Kevin's latest book is Play the Way You Feel, the Essential Guide to Jazz Stories on film. If you'd like to catch up on Fresh Air interviews you missed like this week's interviews with Billy Eilish and Phineas, or with Ronnie Chang of The Daily Show and the series Interior Chinatown, or about TikTok and its Uncertain Future, check out our podcast.


You'll find lots of interviews and to find out what's happening behind the scenes of our show and get our producers recommendations for what to watch, read and listen to you subscribe to our free newsletter@wy.org slash Fresh Air. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer today is Adam Stanski. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Roberta Shorrock, Anne Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly Sivie Nesper. Thea Cho directed today's show.


Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Tari Gross.


How much can one person change in four years? The answer comes down to who he puts in charge. Trump's terms is a podcast where you can follow NPR R'S coverage of the people who will shape Donald Trump's first a hundred days in office and what their goals are. We will track his cabinet, picks his political team, his top military leaders to understand who they are, what they believe, and how they'll govern. Listen to Trump's terms from NPR


On the embedded podcast from NPR. What is it like to live under years of state surveillance? So many people have fear, fear of losing their families. For years, the Chinese government has been detaining hundreds of thousands of ethnic uighurs. This is the story of one family torn apart. Listen to the Black Gate on the podcast from NPR.