
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit Capital one.com/commercial member FDI


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. My guest, Michael Shore, is one of the people behind some of the most beloved TV comedy series of the recent past. He wrote for The Office Co-created and wrote for Parks and Recreation and Brooklyn nine nine and created and wrote for the Good Place. He created the new comedy series, A Man on the Inside. All eight episodes just started streaming on Netflix. Before we hear from him, our TV critic, David Bian Cooley, is going to review the series. David says, there's a couple of things that A Man on the Inside has in common with the Good Place. They both star Ted Dancing who became a star playing the bartender on Cheers.


And both shows are entertaining and surprisingly philosophical. Here's David's review. In the Good Place series, creator Michael Schure put an awful lot of trust in Ted Danson, not only in his audience appeal, but also in his acting ability. That series was about a woman played by Kristen Bell, who awakens in the afterlife with Ted Danson as her guide. Its brilliant. Twist revealed after a full season was the Danson's character wasn't who he pretended to be. It required the actor to switch gears significantly in midstream, and Danon was great at it. And in A Man on the Inside, the new Netflix TV show, reteaming Sure as series creator with Danon as star.


The story starts with him pretending once again improbably, but charmingly. This new eight episode comedy series is based on a documentary from Chile called The Mole Agent, and also available now on Netflix. It was nominated for an Oscar in 2021 and shown on the PBS series POV that same year. It told the true story of an elderly man hired by a detective agency to go undercover in a nursing home. The client's mother, a resident of the home, complained of the theft of a family heirloom. So the detective agency advertised for an elderly man hoping to place him in the home temporarily to find the culprit.


Inspired by this story, Michael s Sure starts his version by introducing us to Ted Danson's character of Charles in a home movie flashback from his wedding day many decades ago. then it cuts to Charles in the present day in Oakland, California. He's a widower, a retired professor, and even though his daughter and her husband and kids live nearby has a rigid and solitary daily routine, that routine is interrupted one day by a suggestion from that daughter Emily played by Mary Elizabeth Ellis. Look, I know that you don't like to talk about mom, so we don't have to, but you know that she would've wanted you to be a person live your life.


Okay? Do you remember when I was little and you would give me Charles challenges like find 10 out of state license plates or read 20 books before Christmas? I'm giving you a Charles challenge. Find a project or a hobby, just something that excites you. Okay? It's a good challenge. I accept To widen his horizons, Charles answers a classified ad in the newspaper, which had been placed by a private investigator named Julie, played by Lila Rich Creek Estrada. It listed a job offer for a male between 75 and 85 because he could use a cell phone. Charles is hired by Julie to infiltrate the nursing home for a month or so.


A mission Charles feels more optimistic about than his employee. Okay, we are meeting with Deborah Santos Cordero. She goes by Deedee. She's the executive director. The whole staff reports to her, I am your loving daughter, Emily, Why can't you be Julie? Well, you're online in a bunch of places as having a daughter named Emily, but there aren't any pictures of her linked to you. So the name is all that matters. Plus, it's just better to keep your cover story as simple as possible. Cover story. Yes, cover story. Keep it together, man. You ready? Well, I don't know, but it hardly matters. What matters is you think I'm ready? Oh, I don't think that at all. You're not remotely ready, but we ran outta time.


Be that as it may, you put your faith in me and that gives me confidence. I think you are the best option in a sea of not very good options. That's all I needed to hear. Once Charles crosses into San Francisco and moves into the nursing home, A Man on the Inside really comes alive. Stephanie Beatrice plays Deedee, the director who oversees things and she's as clever as she is caring. The roles of some of the residents are filled by some long, familiar actors. Sally Struthers from All In the Family is One, and Susan Ratan from LA Law is another. It's nice to see so many older actors given so much to do in a TV comedy.


And it may be the first time it's been done at least so successfully since the Golden Girls. But A Man on the Inside isn't just in it for the laughs. It's a comedy, but it's also much more, it uses music very poetically and poetry too. And as with the Good Place, there's a lot of talk about life and death and the importance and difficulties and treasures along the way. Alzheimer's is treated here at length and with dignity. And one reason it all works so well is because Ted Danson is as good at drama as he is at comedy. You can watch all of A Man on the Inside in one self-contained binge, and that's not a bad way to go.


It's one of the sweetest TV series since Ted Lasso and the mystery Danson's Charles is hired to crack is neatly wrapped up by the end, but there's a hint that as with Sherlock Holmes or those podcasters of only murders in the building, there may soon be other cases afoot. David Bian Cooley is a professor of television studies at Rowan University. He reviewed the new series A Man on the Inside. All eight episodes just started streaming on Netflix. Here's the interview I recorded a few days ago with a series creator, Michael Shore. Michael Shore. Welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you. This series is based in part on a documentary from Chile about a man who goes undercover to solve a crime in an assisted living facility.


What did you find moving about the Chilean documentary and why did you see it as having comic potential? So in the documentary, the man who answers the ad, his name Sergio, and he like Charles and the show is suffering from the fairly recent death of his wife. And he answers this ad and it ends up really not only transforming his life, but the lives of all the people that he meets. He makes friends and he is part of a community and he finds a certain kind of purpose in just being around other people. And what was remarkable to me about the documentary among other things, is that everyone I know who saw it had the same exact feeling, which was, I should call my mom, or I need to call my grandpa, or I should hang out with my kids more.


Like it really had this universal effect on people of making them want to reach out to people that they love. And it, you know, it's a rare piece of art I think that can cause everyone to have such a warm and positive feeling. So, you know, my longtime producing partner, Morgan Sackett, said we should remake that and have Ted play the main part. And as soon as he said it, I just knew he was right and that there was a, a very good slightly fictionalized show that could hopefully sort of give people that same feeling. That was the objective. Did you do research going into an assisted living facility? Yes, we did a lot of it.


We went into a number of them in, in the California area, talk to a lot of people toward the memory care units and the rooms and met a lot of really wonderful people whose job it is to look after folks when they check in. And it was, I, you know, it was eye-opening. I have to say it was not maybe what you would expect, which is to say, I think your instinct would be that these are sad places because it's folks who are nearing the end of their lives and a lot of them are suffering from various ailments, physical or mental. But they were places of happiness and joy largely, they were sort of flourishing communities of people who were very happy to be with each other and to be part of a community.


And that sort of matched up with what I was hoping for. I'm glad that was your experience. I apologize in advance for being Ms. Buzzkill, but my, my father was in assisted living for, you know, a few years toward the end of his life and I helped him move in. I visited a lot, but he told me on the phone at the beginning, you know, there's no one I can talk to here. Everybody's like, in cognitive decline. And then I thought like, oh, come on. You know, I'm sure it's not that bad. And so the next time I visited him, a woman came up to me and said, hi, nice to meet you. My name is, and I was a school librarian for many years, and I thought, see, you know, she has a school librarian, she's gotta be, you know, pretty smart.


And then I met her a few minutes later again and She said, hi, my name is, and I was a school librarian for many years. And every time I ran into her, that's exactly what She said, and I realized, oh, she's having serious cognitive issues. Yeah, well that is a hundred percent a huge part of the experience of being in these facilities. No question. Like there are folks who have moved in for a very, you know, a wide range of reasons, and one of them is cognitive decline, but at least in the facilities that we toured, there's another part of it that's just folks who maybe they had a, a physical ailment or maybe they just were tired of living alone and they wanted to be around other people.


And that's at least the part of it that we mainly focused on. Although like we didn't shy away from the actual realities of assisted living, if we had pretended like that wasn't a part of it, I don't think we would've been giving an honest portrayal of what it's really like. You've done so much about ethical decisions, especially like on the Good Place and, and the book that was almost like a companion to it. And one of the questions in, in the series is, is it okay for the Ted Danon character to go in and video and audio record people without their knowledge? 'cause he's right, he's there to spy. I mean, he's the John Lere of assisted living and I mean he is even reading a John Lere book in bed.


He's Yes. Before the plot kicks in before he Yeah. Knows about this job. Yeah. So yeah. And the episode's called Tinker Taylor, older Spy. Yeah. A great title. But, but anyway, so, so he's, you know, one of the questions is, is it ethical to record people without their knowledge? Did you think about that a lot? Oh, we did ask ourselves as writers over the course of the show whether what Charles was doing was strictly speaking ethical. It's a question that the documentary asks too. You know, you're creating a, a pretense, a false pretense, and you're getting to know folks without them really knowing who you are. In the documentary, Sergio, the main character, ends up moving out without anyone learning what he was really there for.


He doesn't get caught. And we decided that what was important was for Charles to suffer the consequences of having been essentially dishonest to the folks that he was interacting with. And so that is a part of our show in the final episodes, he does have to confront the, the reality of what he did and, and the circumstances under which he entered the facility. You've worked with Ted Danson on two series? Yeah. On on the Good Place and now on your new series, A Man on the Inside. I love watching him. I think he's like fantastic. What is great about working with him?


Oh man, this is gonna sound like a strange thing to say. He loves acting and that you would think would be true of any actor, but it's more true for him. He just loves it. He, he's so passionate about it that even now, you know, decades after he had to seek anyone's approval for anything he's done, he's still wants to be good. And he's constantly asking you, is there something else I should do? Did I get this right? Can I try that again? Like he just has this unrelenting desire to be as good as he can be, even now after how many successful series and shows and movies and everything else.


And when you work with someone like that, it just makes everything better because it feels like a real collaboration. It doesn't feel like you're, you know, writing a script and then just hoping that you know that the actor will like, wanna do it more than once. You're, it, it's a constant dialogue with him. It's a constant discussion and a experimentation and a poking and prodding at the script to make sure we're getting it right. There's just no substitute for that. And it's, you know, one of the many reasons I love him, Your previous series, the Good Place was, you know, all about ethical dilemmas and who gets to go to the equivalent of heaven and who gets sent to the equivalent of hell and how your character and your decisions and your actions are measured to determine that.


And you wrote a whole book that's part funny part serious about like philosophy, you know, and the great philosophers. What made you want to, to do something like a comedy series that's really about, you know, judging behavior and judging, you know, moral un ethical decisions? Well, it's, it's simply a question that I've been asking myself for a really long time. I used to play this game as I drove around in traffic in LA where someone would, you know, cut me off on the freeway or you know, we would be in traffic and someone would pull onto the shoulder and speed past me and cut the line.


And as a way of trying to stem off what you would call road rage, I would play a game in my head where I would say that guy just lost 10 points. Like I was imagining a scenario in which there was some kind of omniscient observer of human behavior and I satisfied my own anger or displeasure with other people by imagining that that cost them in some cosmic way. And so after Parks and recreation ended and Brooklyn nine nine was up and running and my friend Dan Gore, who created with me was running that show every day, NBC very kindly said, you can sort of do whatever you want and we'll give you at least one season on the air. So I had been thinking about that game I played in my head about other people and about myself and judging my own behavior and doing things that I knew were maybe slightly iffy and how many points I lost or how many points I gained when I did certain things.


And so that became the idea that I just liked the most of the ideas that I had. and I just pursued that and thought, all right, this is gonna be weird. I'm gonna do a half hour comedy show about moral philosophy, but I don't know, maybe it'll work. I just sort of rolled the dice and I'm glad I did because the experience of working on it was wonderful. and I, oh It was a big hit. Yeah, I mean as, as far as you can determine anything these days is a big hit. It was at least a show that people, people watched and seem to enjoy and it seemed to resonate with people Which played a bigger role in your life, religion, or philosophy when you were coming of age. Oh, philosophy. By far. I say that only 'cause I had no religion really to speak of.


My father's side of the family are Jewish, but my grandfather, his father renounced Judaism when he was very young and became a devout atheist. My mother's side of the family was raised vaguely Methodist I would say, but I had no religious upbringing at all. When I got to college, I took a couple philosophy classes and really liked the way that philosophy was able to talk about ethics and morality and other topics without limiting them in many cases, without limiting them to who can apply for this, right?


Like that was always one of my problems with organized religion was that it was like, this is the way the world works, but it's only for this group of people. It's not for that group of people. It's only for you over here if you believe these sets of things. We told the marketing team when we were coming up with posters and, and, and, you know, advertising materials for the show. No harps, no puffy white clouds, no, no halos. Like this is not a show about Christianity. This is a show about philosophy. Oh, one thing I thought was like very clever in the Good Place, when you're in the part that people think is heaven, you're not allowed to use four letter words.


You're not allowed to use the expletives. So if you wanna use the F word, you end up saying fork right now since you can't use the F word on network television. I thought like, that is so clever. 'cause everybody know the intent of the word because it's explained to you why somebody's using a word and then they just keep using it, you know, as necessary. So you're not saying the word, but everybody knows the word that you intend. Like for instance, when you say fork, everybody knows exactly what you mean. So is that in part a way of using the language that you want to use without having to use it? Yeah, absolutely. This show is appearing on NBC at probably eight 30 on Thursday or something and you know, you can't say those words, so let's come up with a reason why you can't say them within the context of the show.


It wasn't just that it was on NBC, like I wanted that show ideally to be able to be watched by people of all ages. And it was, I I'm happy that that show was on NBC and not, you know, behind a paywall on a streaming service because I think that ultimately I, my bet, which was just a conjecture at the time, but my bet was that kids would like it. and I it turned out to be true when, when we entered the Covid era and everybody was having to, you know, school go to school from home. My wife said, you know, everyone in my in William my son's class is watching the Good Place right now.


Like you should do a, like a fun extracurricular like Zoom class where you watch episodes of the Good Place and talk about philosophy. and I was like, I don't know, like it feels those kids are on, poor kids are on Zoom like six hours, eight hours a day. And, and she was like, I think they would like it. So I sent an email to the parents and we're like, if your kids would be interested in this as this, like a thing that, you know, we're all desperate for ways to occupy our kids' time these days. And immediately like 30 kids showed up. And so I ended up teaching this kind of like fun sixth grade class on philosophy where we watched episodes of the show and then I talked about, you know, Aristotle or, or Kant or something.


And it was really fun and the kids were really into the show and they really liked talking about that stuff and the conjecture I had that kids would like it too, even though it was about a pretty arcane subject turned out at least again, anecdotally to be somewhat true. Well, let me reintroduce you again, if you're just joining us, my guest is Michael Shore. After writing for the office and co-creating Parks and Recreation in Brooklyn nine nine, he created the Good Place and the new series A Man on the Inside, which is now streaming on Netflix. We'll be back after short break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air. Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg digital producer at Fresh Air And this is Terry Gross host of the show.


One of the things I do is write the weekly newsletter And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So Subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder and CEO Ron Russon shares why Saatva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At Saatva, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice, Visit SA tva.com/npr and save up to $600.


This message comes from Capital One offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank. Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities@capitalone.com slash commercial a member B.


This message comes from Carvana with Carvana value Tracker. You can track your car's value anytime, anywhere. Carvana will even let you know when your car's value changes with updated emails, however you value your car, know it's worth with Carvana value Tracker


This is Fresh Air. I am Terry Gross. Let's get back to my interview with Michael Shore, one of the people behind several beloved TV shows. After writing for the office, he co-created Parks and Recreation and Brooklyn nine nine, he created the Good Place and the new series A Man on the Inside starring Ted Danson, who also starred in the Good Place. So many comics when they're young, like they're the class clown, they're the ones who's always getting punished for acting up. They're the ones whose parents have to come and explain their child's behavior and they're misfits and then they find comedy and, you know, often become celebrities and are very well rewarded for it. but it sounds like you, through your life, you are always like playing within the rules and that that was always important to you.


So as perhaps one of the minority members of comedy played by the rules, how do you explain yourself? Man, what a question. As far as I'm concerned, I, for whatever reason and I don't know if, if it's nature or nurture or a combo platter or what, I was always an extreme rule follower my whole life. Like I, I have a very specific memory of being in kindergarten and being on the playground, like at recess I think, or maybe before school. And the teacher came out and went like, okay, everybody line up and I immediately walked over and stood right in front of her and the other kids were like still milling around and goofing around and laughing and playing, you know, with foursquare balls and stuff.


and I remember thinking like, what are they doing? The teacher just said, line up and they're not lining up. and I, I remember actually getting kind of nervous of like, did they not hear her? Did they not understand English somehow? Like I, it was unfathomable to me that when a teacher said, okay, it's time to do this thing, that you wouldn't immediately do that thing, I was like that my whole life. And so that's actually been a, a problem for me as you can imagine, like imagine how annoying it must be to be married to someone who, who has that, who has that kind of ethos like I have. It's something I've had to really work on of being a little more flexible, a little more relaxed about following rules because no one, no one loves a scold, no one wants to have their finger wagged at them.


and I recognize this thing in myself a long time ago and I've really tried hard to not be a nuisance to other people while still kind of being true to what I see as the way that like the social order is kept. How has that code worked for you working at networks? Because like the new series is on Netflix, but most of your shows were on network tv, on broadcast TV with there standards and practices and rules you have to obey and you know, executives you have to answer to and your creative instincts might not be their instincts, especially if what they're going for is, you know, the biggest hit possible and what you're going for is a, a vision that you have.


My first job was at Saturday Night Live. Saturday Night Live is a big messy swirl of craziness. Like every, it's a, it's a big rambling 90 minute long live variety show where part of the fun is that people are making mistakes and coloring outside the lines and kind of, you know, like the, the, the actors start laughing in the middle of sketches sometimes if they're funny enough. So that was actually really good for me to be in a place at the beginning of my career where it was like, this is not rigid, right? This world is not about following rules so much and I, I'm just very glad that I became a comedy writer and not an insurance claims adjuster because I think if I were an insurance claims adjuster, I would be among the most insufferable people on the face of the earth given my proclivities.


You've worked very closely with Greg Daniels who created the American version of the Office and you co-created Parks And Rec with him. What are some of the things that you learned from him, from watching him work and from working with him that have stayed with you and helped guide you in your independent projects? I mean, he's a very professorial and he has a lot of like lessons and there were times, and I say this lovingly and positively, but there were times in the early going Mindy Kaling and BJ Novak and I had never really written on TV shows before and he was sort of a professor who was giving lectures in some way about TV writing.


And you know, he used to say that there's like a hierarchy of importance in a story and like the lowest level of importance is like one person who is comes in for one line and says one thing and makes one joke and then leaves, and then the next level is like a minor character who has like a little scene here and there and you keep going up like a pyramid and you get to like side characters who have B and C stories and then you get to main characters and their love interests and, and you have to always be thinking about how much real estate you give different characters and people. And also you have to think about, there might be some really funny joke that you come up with that's really wacky and wild.


And if you give that joke to a character you've never seen before who pops in and says the joke and leaves, it doesn't really affect the show. But if you give that same joke to the main character on the show, the person who the audience is the most invested in, now that joke might have an outsized effect on the fabric of the show because it's just a much more important statement coming from a much more important person. And you have to be really careful when you come up with jokes that sort of stretch the tone of the show or alter the themes of the show. You have to be really careful who says them and when and why he just thinks so carefully and so studiously about what he's doing. He treats writing specifically TV writing with such care and consideration.


I just can't say enough good things about him as a instructor in the world of writing. If you're just joining us, my guest is Michael Shore. He wrote for The Office and co-created Parks and Recreation and Brooklyn nine nine and created The Good Place as well as a new Netflix comedy series called A Man on the Inside. We'll talk more after a short break. This is Fresh Air,


This message comes from DSW. Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


This is Ira Glass of this American Life. Each week on our show we choose a theme. Tell different stories on that theme. All right, I'm just gonna stop right there. You're listening to an NPR podcast. Chances are you know our show. So instead I'm gonna tell you we've just been on a run of really good shows lately, some big epic emotional stories and some weird funny stuff too. Download us this American Life. If you listen on the regular to the Fresh Air podcast, then I know you'll love some of the other NPR podcasts too. Here's why NPR Plus is worth your time and money. You get perks like sponsor free listening, bonus episodes, early access shop discounts, and more for over 20 different NPR podcasts like this one.


Support what you love and stop hearing promos like this1@plus.npr.org. This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with Michael Shore. He wrote for the Office co-created Parks and Recreation in Brooklyn nine nine and created The Good Place. He also created the new Netflix comedy series, A Man on the Inside starring Ted Danson who's hired by a private investigator to go undercover as a new resident in an assisted living facility to investigate what's happened to a Ruby necklace, an heirloom that was presumably stolen from one of the residents. So after the office when you and Greg Daniels decided to do another show together and you came up with Parks and Recreation, why did you wanna set the show with a backdrop of a small town pony Indiana and their parks and recreation department and have the main character start off as the assistant director of the department?


Well, there were a couple things. One of them was that we, the financial crisis was happening and it became clear that like government in some way was gonna just be much more involved in people's lives on a day-to-day basis than it had been for a while. And so it seemed like a natural kind of setting for a show for that what became sort of the Obama era. But the other thing was that like I grew up in a, a pretty sleepy suburban town in the Northeast and like the government was great, like the government was what filled the swimming pool and the public park that I swam in and organized the little league. And you know, my public school was great and my teachers were great and I grew up kind of not understanding this weird demonization of the government that I, you know, I was a Reagan kid.


So like I grew up in a world where he was saying things like the scariest words in the English language where I'm from the federal government, I'm here to help you. And all I saw was like, you know, we got hit by a hurricane once and like the federal government showed up and the local government showed up and like helped people clear trees from the street. and I was like, what is everyone's problem with the government now? Now I'm older now and I understand that the government has a lot of problems, but I just never understood why it was like this demonized force in the, in America. And so I kind of thought like, you know, we could create an entirely fictional town and talk about it through the world of the public sector and just show what I have always believed, which is like the government is just a bunch of people in an office who like try to do stuff that will make the town better.


And it, you know, just seemed like the right message for a TV show. And so that's what we went with. The series ended in February of 2015. In June of 2015, Trump came down the escalator at Trump Tower and announced he was running for president and of course he won. Do you feel like you saw that coming in any way? Do you feel like the show reflected the possibility of that? No to both. I think that that show is very much of a time and place and I, you know, there are people who, you know, like to, you know, use revisionist history to claim that it was always hopelessly naive or something.


But that was the mood of the country at the time we were making that show was this sort of optimism, this careful optimism. It wasn't wide-eyed optimism. It was careful, like Leslie Knope was extremely optimistic about the possibility for making people's lives better. But she was also constantly confronted with the impossibility of that because people are grouchy. They didn't want her to do whatever she was doing. They were throwing, you know, obstacles in her way. We did whole seasons where there was a a, a city council person played by John Glazer who basically, essentially lived to stop her from doing whatever she wanted to do. Like we weren't pretending that everything was rosy and great.


What we were trying to say was, it's a better way to go through life to be hopeful and optimistic than it's to be pessimistic. Now if that show had started after June of 2015 when Trump came down the escalator, would it have been different? Probably significantly different? Like the world shifts drastically all the time in terms of who's running the show? So I don't think we would've made the same show if it had started after that moment, but at the time that it was on, I think it's a message that I genuinely believed in and and sort of hoped was what was happening was that there were just people who were kind of gritting their teeth and rolling up their sleeves and trying to make everything a third of a percent better than it was the day before.


Coincidentally, I happen to have a clip that illustrates one of the points that you just made about how when she's in city council and is in the process of getting recalled that the John Glaser character, a fellow member of city council stands in her way. So here's Amy Poer presiding over a city council meeting. Next on the docket is a vote to approve the Pawnee Eagleton Reservoir merger. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We're just goofing our water supply with fluoride. I mean, come on. Are we really gonna force every Pawnee resident to ingest a chemical? We know nothing about Fluoride is used by the communists to control our Minds.


No, it's not. Fluoride Can control minds like you can use it to make ladies do stuff. How am I the one that is getting booted off of the city council? Okay, fluoride is safe, it is good for you and almost every town in America uses it. All right, you got me. I don't want fluoride in the water because I'm a dentist and I like cavities. Yeah, that is not a valid reason. Ty's cavity problem is why a small town dentist like me can afford such a boss ride. All right now, now that Trump is likely to appoint Robert Kennedy Jr. In charge of all things health related and survis him like go crazy on health and RFK Jr wants to do away with fluoride in the water.


Did you think back to this episode? I did, yes. It has occurred to me the character Jeremy Jam played by John Glazer is a dentist and he literally moved to the town where the show takes place because there's no fluoride in the drinking water and the number one industry is a candy factory. And he was like, cha-ching. Right? And I, you know, I have to say this, we did not think at the time that these, that the people that she encountered and their worldviews were particularly exaggerated. Like even then in the Obama era, as you well remember, there were plenty of people who believed in conspiracy theories, who were utterly and completely self-interested, who voted against things that were plainly good and then even if they passed to credit for them, even if they voted against them, like all that stuff has always happened, right?


Like it's, that's not new to the Trump era. But in that particular case, yes, when RFK Jr was put in charge or or in theory will be put in charge of our drinking water and may remove fluoride, like this is a, a public health maneuver that was, that's considered one of the great successes in the history of public health. Just the simple addition of fluoride in terms of what it meant for kids specifically and tooth strength and all that sort of stuff. And so yeah, like it, I have thought about that many times that we wrote what seemed to be like a fun slight parody of a self-interested politician.


And now we're sort of heading, we're careening toward that as a reality nationwide, not ideal. I would say that's my official stance on this, Terry. Is it, it's not ideal. So a very popular moment on Parks and Recreation is when two Fresh Air critics were name checked, our TV critic, David V. Cooley, and one of our music critics, Ken Tucker and I wanna play that clip and I'll just set it up briefly. So Leslie Knope played by Amy Poer is on the local public radio or community radio station getting interviewed by one of the hosts and here he is Promoing what's coming up.


Coming up after the break. Movie reviews with Ken Tucker, who is filling in for David b and Cooley, who is in New York, filling in for Ken Tucker. Leslie, would you like to introduce the next segment? Okay, now it's time for Jazz plus Jazz equals jazz Today. we have a recording of Benny Goodman played over a separate recording of Miles Davis Research shows that our listeners love jazz. I love it. So do you remember who came up with that and, and why?


And also I wanted to know like, didn't you think like, no one's gonna get this, like 1% of your audience is gonna get the joke. It's a, It's a little rarefied, but I'll bet if you did a Venn diagram of parks and recreation watchers and NPR listeners, it's a pretty big intersection. Like, it it's not Yeah, the craziest thing in the world, right? Yeah. And and also the joke works whether you know who those people are or not, if you've never heard their names, it's still is funny. It's a funny little Mc Escher logic loop that we wrote out there. But you know, we, there were a number of times that Leslie went on the local NPR station over the years and it was just our chance to like make little jokes about the reality of listening to NPR.


And that one, I don't remember who, I wish I remembered who pitched that I, my guess would be that it was Aisha Muha who was a writer on the show the whole time, who loved NPR and she always loved writing those scenes and pitching jokes for those scenes. She's a wonderful writer. She writes on Hacks now, which is another show that I executive produce. but it was always fun when to do NPR jokes. It was always a favorite exercise. We had to kind of stop ourselves from having her go on too much because if we could have, we could have done it in every episode and, and had plenty to make fun of. I should lovingly lovingly, I should add, I should mention the voice of the public radio host was Dan Cast, am I saying his name right?


Yeah, Castaneta. Yeah, from The Simpsons, yes. Yeah, I see his name and credits all the time, but I never knew how to pronounce it 'cause he's the voice of Homer on The Simpsons. Anyways, thank you for that. You're quite welcome. So we need to take another break here if you're just joining us. My guest is Michael Sho. He wrote for The Office and co-created Parks and Recreation and Brooklyn nine nine and created The Good Place as well as a new Netflix comedy series called A Man on the Inside. We'll talk more after a short break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Wondery. Some of the craziest conspiracy theories are actually classified government operations to hear more about these hidden truths. Listen to redacted declassified mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts.


The ocean floor is abundant with minerals needed to power electric cars and other green technologies. But mining those minerals may harm coastal communities. These metals that are going to be dig out of our ocean will not benefit anyone from here On the Sunday story from up. First a look at the opportunity and dangers of mining the ocean floor. Listen now on the Up First podcast from NPR


On the embedded podcast, every marine takes an oath to protect the constitution against All enemies foreign and domestic. This is the story of a Marine in the Capitol on January 6th. Did he break his oath? And what does that mean for all of us? Listen to a good guy on the embedded podcast from NPR, both episodes available now.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with Michael Shore. He wrote for the Office and Co-created Parks and Recreation and Brooklyn nine nine, he created the Good Place and the new Netflix series A Man on the Inside. What's the TV that meant the most to you when you were growing up? Monty Python and Monty Python's Flying Circus Saturday Night Live. Letterman. Cheers. So, you know, early to mid eighties comedy shows were the ones that I was raised on. My mom only let us watch when we were kids. Only let us watch an hour of TV a week. So I had to really choose carefully. And then as I got older, obviously those rules were lessened in severity, so I started watching more and more and more comedy.


But it's, those are the main, the main influences on me were Letterman, Monty, Python, SNL, cheers. And then later Conan, I think as I got into high school. Do you think TV meant even more to you than otherwise might have because it was kind of taboo at home? I don't know. It's a good question. I mean, possibly, I mean, I, I kind of respected the choice to limit the amount of TV that we watched. You know, it's funny to think about now when everyone is carrying a phone in their pocket that can show them any piece of video that has ever been created anywhere in the globe. But at the time there was still this kind of vague sense for people in my parents' generation that like TV rots your brain.


And I've had this conversation with a lot of folks. My age is like a lot of writers my age is like, some people gorge themselves on TV and watch, you know, hours and hours and hours a day. And some people were like me, were like, their parents were very restrictive. I don't think there's any discernible difference in how people turned out, you know, which kind of gives me a little bit of hope when, you know, my son is watching TikTok all day and my daughter is, you know, watching YouTube tutorials about how to apply makeup or whatever, and my wife and I get worried, but it's like, well this is the same stuff that people said about TV when we were kids. And the truth is, you know, I've talked to Amy Poer about this. Amy Poer watched tons of TV and was obsessed with TV and I know a lot of writers and performers who felt like that and, and watched a ton of it.


and I don't sense any real difference in the way that people's personalities developed based on how much TV they watch. So I'm kind of hoping the same applies to the modern era. What are some of the most consequential changes you've seen in the world of creating television series and I? Think in some ways you came in just on the cusp of a big change because the office was really a game changer in terms of TV sitcoms. Yeah, I mean the biggest change obviously is just the shift to the streaming model. You know, the office we used, we did 28 episodes one year I think, or maybe 30, you know, the typical season was 22 episodes or 24 episodes, and now a season of TV is eight half hours usually.


And that just completely changes the way you tell stories, right? The Advantage TV always had over movies was you could in success watch a set of characters live and change and grow over many, many, many years. And now you're talking about, you know, maybe two seasons of eight episodes and then you're done. So TV writing is much closer to movie writing, I think, than it was when I was first breaking in. Those shows are rare. There are shows like Abbott Elementary certainly and, and ghosts that are on networks and still do 22 episode seasons. But you know, that's the exception. The norm is you might get two seasons, maybe three, and you might get 10 episodes, but more likely eight.


And that just completely alters the process of creating an idea and of executing the idea. And there's nothing you can do about it. That's the world we live in. But I do mourn a little bit the loss of the old system. I think during COVID people revisited old shows that had 200 episodes, like Friends and Cheers and whatever the Office Yeah. In the office, right? Because you can, It's still on Comedy Central. Yeah. And you can sit, you could sit during COVI and watch an episode every night for five or six months. And that was incredibly valuable. and I think brought people a lot of comfort. That's what we're losing and that's what I mourn the most about the new system is we're just sort of losing what, to my mind was the, the inherent advantage that TV storytelling had over movies or anything else.


I would imagine you have a lot of money and no, I'm not gonna ask the question you think I'm gonna ask, at least I don't think it's the question that I'm gonna ask. Oh, The timing of that was so perfect though. The comedic ti terry comedic timing was a plus on that. Thank you very much on that statement. Yeah. Yes. Okay. So a lot of people might be wondering like, why are you still working? You have money, you don't have to work. So what is the meaning of work to you? What does work mean in your life? Well, I just by asking the question, you're sort of answering it, right? Because meaning the, the, the work that I do is incredibly fun. Like, why wouldn't I work? It's sitting in a room with a dozen really funny people writing stories and making jokes like that barely counts as work to me.


It's not that it's not hard, and it's not that it doesn't come frequently with anxiety or disappointment in the way that any job would, but my goodness, if you can't enjoy yourself with the job I have, there's something deeply wrong with you. And by the way, there are many people who can't enjoy themselves with the job I do. And there are things that are deeply wrong with them, and that's why, you know, that's why there are a lot of therapists in Los Angeles, but I, I can't believe I get to do this. It's a, it's a miracle. It's incredible. and I, you know, I do it because I love it and because it's so fun and not doing it, it's, it's not like you're saying you've dug a lot of ditches in your life. Why do you keep going back and digging more ditches?


It's like the things I do are inherently enjoyable and collaborative and, and wonderful. So why wouldn't I keep doing it? It wouldn't make any sense to stop. Michael Shore, it's been great to talk with you. Thank you so much for this interview and for your shows. Thank you. It was a pleasure to be here. It was forking great Michael Shore created the new series, A Man on the Inside. All eight episodes just started streaming on Netflix. If you'd like to catch up on Fresh Air interviews, you missed like this week's interviews with Selena Gomez or Jimmy o Yang. And our conversation with New Yorker, editor David Remnick and former Washington Post editor Marty Baron about the ways in which Trump might carry out his threats against the media.


Check out our podcast, you'll find lots of Fresh Air interviews and to find out what's happening behind the scenes of our show and get our producers recommendations for what to watch, read, and listen to. Subscribe to our free newsletter@wy.org slash Fresh. Air Fresh air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our senior producer today is Sam Rigger. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham.


Our engineer is Adam Chesky. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Roberta Shorrock and Rebo Dondo, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Susan Yadi, and Anna Balman. Our digital media producers are Molly c Neper and Sabrina Seaward. They are Chander directed. Today's show, our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross.


This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member FDIC.


The election is over, but the story is just beginning. Listen to here and now anytime we're talking to everyone, Democrats, Republicans, independents, covering the political stories that matter to you and your community. And we promise to bring you stories outside Washington too. That's on here and now. Anytime, wherever you listen to podcasts,


You care about what's happening in the world. Let state of the world from NPR keep you informed. Each day we transport you to a different point on the globe and introduce you to the people living world events. We don't just tell you world news, we take you there and you can make this journey while you're doing the dishes or driving your car. State of the World Podcast from NPR Vital International Stories every day.