
This message comes from lag of woolen single molt scotch whiskey. Wherever your curiosity takes you, there will always be more. To uncover and savor, discover new flavor notes beyond the smoke lag of woolen, please drink responsibly. Diageo, New York. New York.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. Merry Christmas. I hope you're enjoying the holiday. The new Bob Dylan biopic. A complete unknown open today in theaters. It stars Timothy Chalamet as Dylan. Today we're featuring interviews from our archive related to Dylan. We'll start with folk singer Pete Seeger, who influenced Dylan and is portrayed in the film by Edward Norton. And later we'll feature an interview with Bruce Springsteen, who described Dylan as the father of my country and inducted him into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Pete Seeger was famous for his songs about working people, unions and social justice. He was one of the most important figures in 20th century American folk music and was at the forefront of the folk music revival in the 1950s.


He popularized the songs, this Land Is Your Land and We Shall Overcome. And wrote, if I Had a Hammer and Turn, turn, turn. In the 1940s, he sang Union songs with the Almanac Singers. A few years later, he co-founded The Weavers who surprised everyone including themselves when they became the first group to bring folk music to the pop charts until they were blacklisted. Seger refused to answer questions about his politics and personal associations when he appeared before the House un-American Activities Committee in the 1950s during the committee's investigation into so-called subversive activities in the entertainment field. When the committee asked about a song Seger offered to sing it, permission was denied.


In 1961, he was convicted of contempt of Congress for refusing to answer questions about his politics and about other people's politics. Permission to sing the song was denied again at his trial. There's a scene based on that in the new movie, Your Honor, you may know a friend of mine, Woody Guthrie, great songwriter and a great American and Woody's not well, but he's been much on my mind as I've been going through this 'cause. What he once said that a good song can only do good. And the song I'm in Hot Water for here. It's a good song. It's a patriotic song, in fact. Amen. And I thought maybe you'd like to actually hear the words and I can play it for you And you'll know You're not doing that.


Pete Seeger was convicted for contempt of Congress, but that was eventually overturned on appeal. He later performed at President Obama's inaugural concert as a young man. Seeger believe songs were a way of binding people to a cause. Here's one of his many labor songs called Cotton Mill Colic. When you go to work well, you work like the devil. At the end of the week, you're not on the level. Payday comes, you ain't got a penny. 'cause when you pay your bills, you got so many, I'm gonna starve and everybody will. 'cause you can't make a living in a cotton mill when you buy clothes on easy term collect to treat you like a measly worm, $1 down.


And then Lord knows if you can't make a payment, they take your clothes. I'm gonna starve and everybody will 'cause you can't make a living in a cotton mill. Pete Seeger kept singing and protesting right through 2011 when he joined a march in support of the Occupy Wall Street protests. He also spent many years championing environmental causes. He died in 2014 at the age of 94. When I spoke with Seger in 1984, he told me about how much he was influenced by Woody Guthrie. Woody showed me how to hitchhike and how to ride freight trains, how to sing in saloons. I said, what kind of songs did you sing?


Well, he said, this year his five or six tunes that are nearly all was worth a nickel or a quarter. Makes no difference. Now what kind of life? Eight Hands me, I'll get along without you. Now that's plain to see. It's a gene artery hit was in 1940. Was it hard to learn how to jump a railroad car? No. For men it's of course for a woman it'd be much more difficult. The danger of being assaulted by men who assume that any woman who would travel that way who's opened her, his advances. But Woody said, you wait in the outskirts of town and when the train is picking up speed, it's still not going too fast.


You can grab a hold of it. And the swing on getting off the first time, I didn't know how to do it. And I fell down and skinned my knees and elbow and broke my banjo. Fortunately, I had a camera with me and I hocked it in a local porn shop and bought a very cheap guitar. I knew a few chords and I got through the rest of the summer playing the guitar. Woody was a direct actionist When he was singing once for to raise money for war bonds during World War ii. He and Sonny Terry and Brownie McGee were in Baltimore. And Mr. Guthrie, we have a seat for you at the table and your friends, we have some food for them in the kitchen.


He said, what do you mean? He tipped the whole table up in big crowded dining hall, dumped a whole table full of plates and everything on the floor and tipped another table up. And finally he was restrained And Brownie says, what are you gonna get us all in trouble? I'm lame and Sunny's blind. And they let him out. He was absolutely furious. That was Woody Guthrie, Huh? You started doing a lot of performing for unions and union halls and, and even on picket lines. How did you all come up with the songs that you thought would really speak to the people who were there? Well, long discussion. When I met Lee Hayes, I met one of the few geniuses I've met in my life.


We were always talking and thinking what kind of songs were needed. We'd be trying out this and trying out that. Sometimes one person would start a song and another person would finish it. That's how it was with the song Talking Union. We'd heard Woody singing. You know the old talking blues, if you wanna go to heaven, let me tell you what to do. Got to grease your feet. Little muttons stew slide out of the devil's hand ooze over in the Promised Land to take it easy go greasy. So on. And I don't know whether it was Lee or Mill or me who thought of you want higher wages, let me tell you what to do.


Got to talk to the workers in the shop with you got to build you a union. Got to make it strong. But if you all stick together, boys won't belong. It gets shorter hours, better working conditions, vacations with pay. Take your kids to the seashore. I got the idea across that, that in spite of all the things that could go wrong, all the attacks that would be made on a group of working people that you could win. If you stuck together In 1949, you were one of the people who were supposed to perform at the Paul Robeson concert in peace. Still. I didn't. I sang. I sang If I had a hammer and tea for Texas, I forgot what else.


We shall not be moved. Maybe You and many other people there were. And We had stones thrown at us. Yeah, it was a pretty horrifying day. A lot of people thought, this is the beginning of American fascism. This is how Hitler got started. I was just one of 10,000 people there at 20,000. It was a huge crowd. Came to hear Paul Robeson. But the Kku Klux Klan had infiltrated the police force of the county. And I maybe the state for all I know and the city, I don't, I don't know the details, but it was the Ku Klux Klan that initiated the attack. And they had the concert surrounded with walkie talkies like a battlefield. And after the concert was over, everybody who attended it was directed down one road.


There were three rows. You could have gone to the left or straight ahead or to the right. And I wanted to go to the left 'cause my home was up there. But the police said, no, all cars down here. And they directed us as though they were, we were gonna run the gauntlet and there were some 15 piles of stones about the size of a baseball, which had been waist high. These stones, thousands of stones in every car that came by got a stone, wham, at close range. There was a policeman standing about 80 feet away. And I said, officer, aren't you going to do something? And he said, move on, move on. Then I look around, the guy in back of me was getting stone after stone 'cause he couldn't get past me. I was stopped. So I moved on. Funny. Last about a year and a half ago, I was out west.


The man says, Pete, you at Peekskill weren't you? Yep. I said, he says, you remember the car in time? You stopped and spoke to a policeman. And I said, yeah, and there was a car in back of me again. And he says, I was in that car. I Had he been hurt. Yeah, well, he would've been killed if I hadn't moved on. When you look ba back, I don't know about how many times before that you had been confronted with that kind of direct violence. How did you behave during it and and are you satisfied with the way you behaved when you looked back? Well, I'm sure that in retrospect you can think how of things we did wrong. But knowing what I knew then why I think we did the right thing.


And I was of the opinion then that the average American wouldn't go in for that kind of fascist approach. You see, there were signs went up in Peekskill, somebody printed 'em up. They were put on bumpers, bumper stickers. They were put in windows of apartments and houses. I saw them in bars. I said, wake up America, peak skill did. Now there was all America to do the same thing. You find these ka so-and-so traitors, whatever you think they are, and you show 'em what's gonna happen to them. They either get outta this country. That's the whole idea of America. Love it or leave it.


Yet within about a month, those signs were taken down. Now nobody knows exactly why those signs came down, but I'm convinced that within Peekskill there were many arguments within families. Might have been a grandparent that would say, you mean you threw stones at women and children? Well, well, well, we don't like these people either. But still, you don't throw stones at women and children. I mean, is that what Abe Lincoln would've done? Is that what Thomas Jefferson would've done or anybody you admire? Is that what Jesus would've done? And it's significant that those signs did not stay up in peak skill.


And you'll be interested as of last month, peak skill has a black mare. During the 1950s when you were performing with the Weavers, I, I think that initially you performed at a lot of demonstrations and union halls and outside, and then you made a decision to start trying nightclubs. Was that a big crisis to actually decide to move into The clubs? We, yeah, that was a soul searching. In one sense. I felt it was going into enemy territory. Why should I want to contribute to the nightclub scene, which I thought was anathema. I come from all New England Puritans, who thought nightclubs were the dens of iniquity and never have been much of a, of a drinker myself.


But I wanted to reach people. And I remember Woody telling me, Pete, if it's a good experience singing a bar, you ought to do it occasionally. So I did. But to take a job at a nightclub and work there six nights a week. But we took it and it was a very valuable experience. We learned a hell of a lot in six months. The Weavers had had six months of rehearsals and were ready to make some records. Were you, were you really surprised when your records started getting played on the radio and became big hits? Yes. We never expected to get on the Hit Parade. And to everybody's surprise, including the head of Decker records, goodnight, Irene sold 2 million copies In the summer of 1950.


It was the biggest seller since World War ii, along with one of Bing Crosby's song. Sam Song was the big seller of it. But goodnight Irene was on every jukebox in the USA in the year 1950. You couldn't escape that song. It floated out from every filling station, from every diner That might've made it even more difficult than when you were blacklisted. I thought The blacklist is would be after us a lot sooner. It took them a couple years to chop us down. And it was a full five years before they got around to calling me up before the Committee on un-American activities.


I was surprised it took so long. You wanted to sing a song to the committee, right? I think I did. They questioned me about a song. I said, well, that's a good song. I'll sing it to you. Well, no, they didn't want me to sing it. They wanted to know where I had sung it at the following place. I said, well, I have a right to sing a song anywhere I want to. Whether it's I agree with the people, I don't agree with them, I am interested in telling you that. He said, we direct you to tell us no. He said, you're liable to be under contempt of Congress. Do you use the Fifth Amendment as your defense? No. I said, I just don't think these are questions any American should be asked, especially under threat of reprisal if they give the wrong answer.


So in effect, I was defending myself on the basis of the First Amendment. See, the Fifth Amendment in effect says, you have no right to ask me this question. But the First Amendment in effect says, you have no right to ask any American such questions. I'm speaking with Pete Seeger. If you're just joining us, have the wounds ever healed among the folk musicians who were friendly witnesses and those who weren't before you act? I think it's been harder for the friendly witnesses. History has not been kind to the un-American Activities Committee. It feels as I felt that, that these people didn't love America so much as their own, as their own particular version of America, which was somewhat limited, shall we say.


And so those who cooperated with the committee of which they could forget it, all those who stood up to the committee, as Lee says, if it wasn't for the Honor, he'd just as soon not been blacklisted. It wasn't honor. Well, that, that honor kept you off of television for, for many years afterwards. How did you feel around the early sixties when the folk music boom started taking off when finally folk music had become commercially viable and you were in a way prevented from participating in it because you weren't allowed on radio or tv? Well, I was mad. I wrote some articles in Sing Out magazine warning people that this a BC television show called Hoot Nanny would be kind of a travesty on what a real hoot nanny would be.


A real hoot nanny was a bunch of people who hoped that music could, could bring people together to bring a peaceful world, a world without racism, a world where you had a right to join a union, a world without sexism. And instead it was a second rate Vaudeville show. Some good folk music got played on the air, but there was an awful lot which was kept off the air. Why? Because it wasn't cheerful happy music. And yet, to my mind, some of the greatest tragic music in the world are the tragic songs that I've heard sung by American working people.


We'll take a song like if I had a Hammer that is I think one of the most recorded songs in the world. I mean, hundreds of people have recorded it, right? Yeah. But when when you had first written it, it was considered a very dangerous song. Oh Yeah. What was considered dangerous about it? I hard to say, talk about freedom and justice. Maybe. It's hard to say. Hard to say. And if you tried to pin people down, well they just say that's one of these come songs. I'm sure in the southern states, the the segregationist leaders would've said, oh, let's talk about all my brothers and sisters.


Only the communists talk that way. Only the race mixers talk like that. My gosh. As people today can't realize though, how much America has changed as a result of the Civil Rights movement and one thing after another, the women's movement, we didn't win all the victories. We hoped we would win, but we won some victories. And maybe that's the way the world moves forward. One of my favorite songs these days is, oh gosh, I love it, but don't have a guitar with me. Arlo and I sing it all the time.


We are climbing Jacobs Ladder. We are climbing Jacobs Ladder. We are climbing Jacobs La Brothers, Sisters, All.


I sang it way down low. The way you might sing it if you were singing a Child to Sleep, that's a great song. It was made up by people in slavery. But it's, I think, one of the most scientific songs in the world, revolutionists as well as religionists often forget that heaven doesn't come in one big bang. It comes in many steps. Your work has inspired thousands and thousands of Americans of different generations. And you could have, if you wanted to really like played that role to the hilt of, you know, like Father of the modern American folk music movement. No, I would've known it was a lie.


My main purpose as a musician has been to get people singing and get people to make their music by themselves. And it's the only reason I keep singing is because I'm a skilled song leader. Now my voice is, is 50% shot. I can still shout in the high notes, but I, my low notes are very wobbly, but I can still get a crowd singing. And so when they're singing, they don't bother listening to me. They're having a lot of fun. And that's my main purpose. I wanna show people what a lot of fun it is to sing together. My interview with Pete Seeger was recorded in 1984. He died in 2014 at the age of 94 in the new Dylan Biopic.


A complete unknown Seeger is portrayed by Edward Norton. After we take a short break, we'll hear the interview I recorded with Bruce Springsteen in 2016. After the publication of his memoir Born to Run, he performed with Seeger and recorded an entire album of songs associated with Pete Seeger. Here's one of them. I'm Terry Gross, and This is Fresh Air. I thought I heard the money down my money down, money down.


Go to jail, pay my money down soon.


This message comes from Schwab. With Schwab investing themes, it's easy to invest in ideas you believe in. Like online music and videos, artificial intelligence, electric vehicles, and more Schwab's research uncovers emerging trends. Then their technology curates relevant stocks into over 40 themes. To choose from Schwab Investing themes is not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock or investment strategy. Visit schwab.com/thematic investing


support for NPR comes from Google. This year Google is celebrating the breakout searches of 2024 that captured the world's attention and shaped our year in ways we never saw coming. Watch the film at g.co/year in search. Google search on


this message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.


This message comes from Warby Parker, prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross, the new Dylan biopic. A complete unknown open today. Our next Dylan adjacent interview is with Bruce Springsteen. Not only did Dylan influence Springsteen. Springsteen was hailed as the new Bob Dylan at the start of his recording career. In Springsteen's memoir, he called Dylan the father of my country and wrote that Dylan's album's Highway 61 revisited and bringing it all back home were not only great records, but they were the first time I can remember being exposed to a truthful vision of the place I lived. When Springsteen inducted Dylan into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, Springsteen said, I wouldn't be here without you.


He performed Dylan's the Times they're a change in, in 1997 at the Kennedy Center, when Dylan was a Kennedy Center honoree, we're going to hear the interview I recorded with Springsteen in his home studio in New Jersey, not far from where he grew up. It was back in 2016 when his memoir had just been published. The book shares the title of his most famous song, born to Run. The theme of that anthem is escape. But in much of the book Springsteen reflects on how he and his music were shaped by home roots, blood community, freedom, and responsibility. We started with a track from his CD chapter and verse that serves as an audio companion to the book with a selection of songs that span his career.


This is his demo recording of his song Growing up. Okay, take two. Well, I stood stone like at midnight, suspended in my masquerade. I combed my hair lid was just right and commanded the night brigade. I was open to pain and crossed by the rain, and I walked on a crooked crutch. Well, I stood all along to a fallout zone and I will Bruce Springsteen, welcome to Fresh Air and thank you for welcoming us into your studio.


I'd love it if you would start by reading the very opening from the forward of your book. It's really a fantastic book. And I'd like our listeners to just hear a little bit of your writing. Okay, my pleasure. I come from a boardwalk town where almost everything is tinged with a bit of fraud. So am I by 20 no race car driving rebel. I was a guitar player on the streets of Asbury Park and already a member in good standing amongst those who lie in service of the truth artists with a small A. But I held four clean ACEs. I had youth, almost a decade of hardcore bar band experience, a good group of homegrown musicians who were attuned to my performance style and a story to tell This book is both a continuation of that story and a search into its origins I've taken as my parameters.


The events in my life, I believe shaped that story and my performance work. One of the questions I'm asked over and over again by fans on the street is how do you do it? In the following pages, I'll try to shed a little light on how, and more importantly why Thanks for reading that. So what's it like for you to write something that doesn't have to rhyme and that you don't have to perform on stage That's actually not having to perform it on stage is, is a good one, but it's a little different. You know, it, it's, I'm used to writing something, it becomes a record, it comes out, then I go perform and I play it and I get this immediate feedback from the audience.


So that's been the pattern of my life. But the book has been a little bit different. You know, I mean, you get feedback from the, the press and the fans are just starting to get a chance to read it. So I'm looking forward to that. But you still had to find the music inside your language, you know, it was, that's a big part of what sort of moved me to begin writing the book. I felt, I wrote a little essay and I felt, yeah, this is a good voice, this is a good, a good feeling. It feels like me. But then once you get into the book, you've gotta constantly find your, the rhythm of your prose. And it ends up being quite a musical experience either way.


Well, that's one of the things I love about the book is that there is rhythm and music in it, even though it's not a song. So many of your songs, particularly the early ones, are about, you know, like searching for a dream and running like bust out of the confines of, of, of your life. And in some ways I, you know, I get the impression from your book that that's, that was your father's story, except he never found the dream. It's kind of like a little bit like the story that you're describing, your song, the River. Right. You know, my dad was young, we went to work, but he'd, he'd been to war, he'd seen some of the world. It wasn't like he was going to be an extensive traveler or something.


It didn't seem to be in the nature of, in his nature or in the nature of his parents or, or many of the folks in my family really. There were, we had a cousin that went to off to Brown University. It was like a nuclear explosion took place, you know, it was just incredible for everybody. So you're correct, my parents did really sort of live out a big part of that story. And to a certain degree, he, he did find his little piece of what he was looking for in California. Because when you were 19, he moved to California. Yeah, They moved, they moved out west, which was a huge undertaking because no one, it's like, it was like moving to another planet for them.


But I think that's what my father wanted to do. He wanted to move to another planet and they had very little, they had $3,000 and they, I think they had an old rambler and they slept two nights in the car and a night in a motel. And they had my little sister with 'em, with all their stuff packed on top. It was, it was a really gopher broke decision and I, it did pay off for them. You know, they, I think they enjoyed the West coast and their California life quite a bit. You know, my father still had periods of illness that were D of a mental illness. Yeah. Difficult to manage, but I, I believe he did feel like he found something there that he couldn't have found at home.


Do you think the song Born to Run isn in part about him and I part about you? Well, someone mentioned that to me the other day. I, I, I always thought it was just about me, but what do you know? And looking back on it, it, my parents lived out quite a bit of that story themselves. Except you had a dream in a way that your father maybe didn't have a dream that he could articulate. It certainly wasn't one he could articulate. It was just, I gotta get outta here. Yeah, yeah. So you, you, you write too about your father that he was kind of very, let me quote you 'cause you put it so well, you write that he loved me, but he couldn't stand me.


He felt we competed for my mother's affections. We did. He also saw in me too much of his real self inside, beyond his rage. He harbored a gentleness, timidity, shyness and a dreamy insecurity. These were things I wore on the outside and the reflection of these qualities in his boy repelled him. I was soft and he hated soft. Of course, he'd been brought up soft, a mama's boy just like me. So that timidity and shyness that you wore on the outside, it, it's kind of like the opposite of your stage persona. I know. It's Bizarre. Can you tell, tell us a little bit more about the timid and shyness of your, of your Youth. Yeah. Well, TBO and Burnett once said that much of rock music is simply some, someone going, wha daddy.


So I gotta take my, I've gotta take some blame for that myself, I guess. But yeah, just, it was when I was young, you know, I I I was very shy and, and, and that was my personality. You know, I was, I was a pretty sensitive kid and quite neurotic, filled with a lot of anxiety, which all would've been very familiar to my, my pop, you know, except it was a part of himself he was trying to reject. So I got caught in the middle of it, I think. So do you think that your stage persona draws both from like the angry and uninhibited side of you and the more inhibited, timid side of you?


I think it's both there. I think if you just, you know, I think plenty of folks, if you just looked at the outside, it can read, you know, it's pretty alpha male, you know, which is, is a little ironic because you know, it, it's, that was personally never exactly really me. I think I, I created my particular stage persona out of, out of my dad's life, and perhaps I even built it to suit him. And to some degree I was looking for, when I was looking for a voice to mix with my voice, I put on my father's work clothes.


And as I say in the book, and I, and I went to work, whether it was a result of wanting to emulate him so I felt closer or whether it was, I wanted to, as I say in the book, I wanted to be the reasonable voice of revenge for what I'd seen his, his life come to. It was all of these things, and it was an unusual creation. But it, but most of these, most people's stage personas are creative outta the flatman Jetson of their internal geography. And they're trying to, they're trying to create something that solves a series of very complex problems inside of them or in their history.


And I think when I unknowingly when I went to do that, that's what I was, I was trying to integrate all of these very difficult things that I've been unable to integrate in my life and in my life with my parents. We're listening to the interview I recorded with Bruce Springsteen in 2016, after the publication of his memoir Born to Run. We'll hear more of it after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.


This message comes from MIDI Health. Women in midlife face a healthcare desert, but MIDI is here to fill the gap, offering expert care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance, hot flashes, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, and moodiness. Don't have to be accepted as just another part of aging. MIDI clinicians understand how these symptoms can connect to menopause and prescribe a wide range of solutions. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.


This message comes from Jackson, seek clarity in retirement planning@jackson.com. Jackson is short for Jackson Financial, Inc. Jackson National Life Insurance Company, Lansing, Michigan, and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York, purchase New York.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to the interview I recorded with Bruce Springsteen in his home studio in New Jersey back in 2016 after the publication of his memoir Born to Run. During your early years as a musician, you were in Asberry Park, boardwalk Carnival atmosphere. What did you love about that kind of urban beach, you know? Yeah. And the, you know, Madam Marie and all of the, like, all of the boardwalk regulars, you made great stories out of those characters, great songs out of those characters. But what, what, what appealed to you about, about knowing them and writing about them?


Hmm. It was just my location at the time. I didn't move to Asbury with the thought of, you know, it wasn't an anthropological, But you connected in some reason. But I went and, and I just fit in there. Asbury was down on its luck, but not as bad as it would get. And so there was a lot of room to move. You know, clubs were open till 5:00 AM there were gay clubs and even in the late sixties, it was a bit of an open city. So as young Nedu wells, we fit very, you know, we fit very comfortably in that picture.


And then when I went to write, I just wrote about what was around me. It fired my imagination. It was, of course was a colorful locale. The city was filled with characters and plenty of people at loose ends. And so it just became a very natural thing to write about. I, I didn't give it too much thought at the time, but I did think that it gave me a very individual identity and that if I was going to go out into the musical world on a national level, I was very interested in being connected to my home, my home state. There wasn't anyone else writing in this way about these things at that time.


So it was something I did very intentionally, in a sense, as creating a certain very, very specific and original identity. And that's one of the things that really interests you, me, in comparing you to Dylan. 'cause when you first started, people were comparing you to Dylan, one of the new Dylans and everything. Sure. In some ways, like persona wise, you're the opposite. He changed his name. He surrounded himself in mystery. His lyrics are very obscure. Your lyrics tell stories. You're all about a place. You reveal so much about yourself and the world around you in your songs that, you know what I mean? Like I know, yeah, I know that, that you're more than what you literally tell us about in the songs.


But still, you have an identity and try to tell us something of who you are in your songs. You, you just go where your psychology leads you. I, I think, you know, I've always loved the fact that Bob's been able to sustain his mystery over 50 or 60 years. That's, in this day and age, that's quite a feat in itself. And, you know, the things that I loved about Bob's music, and I describe him in the book as the father of my country, which he really is, were things that just didn't fit. When I went to do my job, you know, I'd come out of a somewhat different circumstance and shoes, the clothes just didn't fit.


I wanna quote you again. See, you, see, you write, this is toward the beginning of your career. I wanted to be a, a voice that reflected experience and the world I live in. So I knew in 1972 that to do this, I would need to write very well and more individually than I had ever written before. And this was at some point you realized too, that although you had like the most popular bar band in, in Asbury Park, that there was a bigger world, there was a lot of talented people. And in order to like be someone in that world, to have a career, to make a difference, that you had to figure out what was unique about you. And you had to write great songs. And in fact you achieved that. You wrote great songs.


But, you know, how did you go about trying to write the best songs that you could? I mean, when you, when you knew that a lot of this was gonna depend on the songwriting, When I thought about signing a record deal or, or writing something that might put me in the position. 'cause I'd already had plenty of things that had fallen through with my rock bands. I looked at myself and I just said, well, you know, I can sing, but I'm not the greatest singer in the world. I can play the guitar very well, but I'm not the greatest guitar player in the world. What, what excites me about a lot of the artists I love, and I realized, well, they created their own personal world that I could enter into through their music and through their songwriting.


There's people that can do it instrumentally, like Jimi Hendrix or Edge of U2 or Pete Townsend. I didn't have as unique a purely musical signature. I was a creature of a lot of different influences. And so I said, well, if I'm going to project an individuality, it's going to have to be in my writing. And at the time, for one of the few times in my life, I didn't have a band, I just had myself in the guitar. So I was going to have to do something with just my voice, just the guitar and just my songs that was going to move someone enough to gimme a shot.


So I wrote songs that were very lyrically alive and lyrically dense, and they were unique. But it really came out of the motivation to where I understood it was I was gonna have to make my mark that way. We're listening to the interview I recorded with Bruce Springsteen in 2016 after the publication of his memoir Born To Run. We're featuring it today because the new Dylan Biopic just opened and Springsteen's music was deeply influenced by Dylan. We'll hear more of the interview after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Capital One offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services, all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank. Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities@capitalone.com slash commercial A member FDIC.


This message comes from Noom using psychology and biology to build personal meal plans to fit your lifestyle, taking into account dietary restrictions, medical issues, and other personal needs with daily lessons that are personalized to you and your goals. Noos Flexible program focuses on progress instead of perfection to help you build new habits for a healthier lifestyle. Sign up for your trial today@noom.com.


This message comes from Instacart. The holidays are all about sharing with family meals, stories, grandma's secret pecan pie recipe. And now you can also share a cart with Instacart's family carts. Everyone can add what they want to one group cart from wherever they are. So you don't have to go from room to room to collect votes for sugar cookies versus shortbread. Just share a cart, download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy free delivery on your first three orders. Service fees and terms apply.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to the interview I recorded with Bruce Springsteen and his home studio in New Jersey back in 2016 after the publication of his memoir, born to Run. You started going to therapy in 1983 and at some point you say in your sixties, you, you had a really bad depression. And I'm wondering if you thought about during that period when you were very depressed, how many people in the world really wanted to be you and Doesn't count for that much at the time. Yeah, right. You know, but of course, you know, people see you on stage and Yeah, I I'd wanna be that guy.


I wanna be that guy myself very often, you know, you know, I get plenty of, I have plenty of days where I go, man, I wish I could be that guy. And you know, it's, it's not quite, there's a big difference between what you see on stage and then my, my general daily, my daily existence. You write about, you write, I'm sorry. No, I'm talking to myself. Oh, okay. Don't, don't let that bother you. It's part of my illness. I do it all the time. You're, you're right about how, how being on stage is almost like medicine for you. You know?


Sure. Does it get you out of yourself? Does it? Oh, of course. You're immediately pulled out of the, your you, the inside of your head and it immediately changes your frame of mind. I, I've, I've never been on stage where I've, no, that's not true. I, I, I have been on stage on a few occasions where I felt I couldn't escape the interior of my, my interior thoughts. But Peter Wolf once said, what's the strangest thing you can do on stage? Think about what you're doing. There's just nothing weirder you can do. If you're up there thinking about what you're doing, you're just not there. And it's, it's not gonna happen. You know? So trying to learn how to overcome those, which is a normal thing to do, you're in front of a lot of people.


People are gonna get very self-conscious. So you have to learn to sort of overcome that tendency towards self-consciousness and just blow it wide open and you jump in and join, join all those people that are out there enjoying what you're doing together. During the Depression, there was a period of a year and a half when you weren't on the road. You were home with one of your sons. I guess with your youngest, did that contribute to the depression because you couldn't be on stage and you couldn't have that kind of cathartic experience tend, yeah, I tend to be not my own best company. I can, I can get a little lost when, if I don't have my work to occasionally focus me, but at the same time, you've got to be able to figure that out.


The year and a half I was home. My son was in his last year of high school. And, and it was kind of my last opportunity to, to be here with him in the house. And I wanted to get that right. As you mentioned in your book, you, you wanted to write songs that you wouldn't outgrow, that you could sing as an adult, right. That weren't just kids songs and Yeah. You know, done accomplished. Yeah. But when you sing some of your early songs now, as you still do like Born to Run, does the song have a different meaning to you than it did when you first started, you know, performing it? We just had a series of concerts where the show was very interesting 'cause we'd start out with my earliest material and we played about half a record off of our, of our first record, and then half or three quarters off of the second record.


So it was going back to my earliest music and resing my earliest songs that I wrote when I was 22. And it was funny that they, they just fit perfectly well. You know, there was, they sort of gather the years up as time passes and you can revisit. The wonderful thing about my job is you can revisit your 22-year-old self or your 24-year-old self any particular night you want. The songs pick up some extra resonance, I hope. But they're still, they're there and I can revisit that period in my life when I choose. So it's quite a nice experience and, and the songs themselves do broaden out as time passes and take on subtly different meanings, take on more meaning, I find.


What's an example of a song that's taken on a different meaning or more meaning for you? A lot of the ones that are people's favorites, you know, born to Run, I that expands every time we go out. It just seems to more of your life fills it in, fills in the story. And when we hit it every night, it's always a huge catharsis. It's fascinating to see the audience singing it back to me. It's quite wonderful, you know, to see people that intensely singing your song. As someone who grew up in Brooklyn and now lives in Philadelphia, I love that you've continued to live in New Jersey, not only in New Jersey, but not far from where you grew up.


Why have you stayed close to the home that your father left, your father went to the opposite, ironic, opposite coast when you were a teenager? It's, It's, it's rather ironic, but I just felt very comfortable here and I was uncomfortable with city life. I was more, less a kid that came out of a small town and I was a beach bum and, and loved the ocean and loved the sun, and I liked the people that were here. I liked who I was when I was here. I wanted to continue writing about the things that I felt were important and those things were pretty much here. I felt like a lot of my heroes from the past lost themselves in, in different ways once they had a certain amount of success.


And I was nervous about that, and I wanted to remain grounded. And living in this part of New Jersey was something that was, it was essential to who I was and continues to this day to be, to be that way. Bruce Springsteen, I can't thank you enough for, thank you. Inviting us to your studio and allowing us to do this interview. Thank you very much. Thank much so Much. Very enjoyable. I Appreciate it and I really love the book. Thanks a lot. My interview with Bruce Springsteen was recorded in his home studio in 2016 after the publication of his memoir Born to Run. We featured it today because Bob Dylan was so influential on Springsteen and today the Dylan Biopic, a complete Unknown opened in theaters Tomorrow on Fresh Air.


We begin our holiday week series featuring interviews we particularly enjoyed this year. We'll start with my interview with Jeremy Strong, who played Kendall Roy in the HBO series succession. He's nominated for a Golden Globe for his performance in the film, the Apprentice, which stars Sebastian Stan as Donald Trump at the start of his career. And Jeremy Strong as the infamous lawyer, Roy Cohn, who became Trump's lawyer and mentor. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham.


Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Anne Ri, Bo Dondo, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Chalen, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly CV Neper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I am Terry Gross. All of us at Fresh Air, wish you a very merry Christmas.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares the story of how he got started creating Saatva In 2007, 2008. I went out and I bought the most popular luxury mattresses. I tore them apart and I realized based on the raw materials cost and the analysis that I had done, that I was able to sell that level mattress, but with a very affordable price. To learn more, go to SA tva.com/npr.


This message comes from GiveWell. GiveWell provides rigorous transparent research about the best giving opportunities so that donors can make informed decisions about high impact giving. To learn more, go to givewell.org and pick podcast and enter NPR at checkout.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, the Capital One Venture X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy. Plus get access to a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply details@capitalone.com.