
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member D.


Hi, it's Terry Gross. Before we start our show, I wanna take a minute to remind you that it's almost Giving Tuesday, which is so named because it's become a day of expressing gratitude by giving money or any kind of help to an individual or group or organization that matters to you. We've found a way to turn Giving Tuesday into Giving and getting Tuesday. If you subscribe to NPR Plus in return, you'll be getting special bonus episodes from a bunch of NPR podcasts. These bonus episodes are available only to NPR plus subscribers on Fresh Airs Bonus episodes you'll hear hosted, curated timely interviews from our archive every week. NPR plus members also get to listen to all NPR podcasts without interruptions from sponsors. And the subscription is a tax deductible donation. It's a win-win. So join us@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org. Or you can always make a gift@donate.npr.org. Thank you. And thanks to everyone who's already supporting us. And now on with the show.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley. Quiet On the set. Hey pll. Hey, How you doing man? You know it'd be cool as if we told my story with Lego Pieces. Seriously? Yes. Lego. Just be open. Yes. Lego. That's a scene from piece by piece. A new biopic about the life of music producer and Multihyphenate artist Pharrell. But to call it a biopic almost feels too simple. Like so much of Pharrell's music, the film is a mix of genres. It's a musical, it's a documentary and it's a Lego animation all in one. It pieces together Pharrell's Life growing up in Virginia Beach and the lows and highs of his ascension within the music and fashion industry.


And did I mention the music? The film gives us a behind the scenes look at the making of some of Pharrell's top hits that he's produced, both for himself and a long list of performers. It, you can take a break. So, so, and Check, check.


1, 2, 3. Check, check. One, two, check, check one. I a hustler baby. I just want you to know I'm Who I Walk away.


Be safe. You don't have This, all the girls don't like this because ain't no ain't like, ain't ain't My life. I has to fight my life.


Hard times. Like bad, like Y Nazar. I'm stuck homie. You fucked up. But if God got us, then we gonna be alright. We gonna be alright. We gonna be alright. We gonna be alright. Do you hear me? Do you feel we gonna be alright? We gonna be alright. Academy Award-winning filmmaker Morgan Neville directed piece by piece with interviews from music industry heavy hitters like Snoop Dogg, Jay-Z, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Kendrick Lamar, and his partner from the Neptunes, Chad Hugo. There's even a cameo of the late astronomer, Carl Sagan. And everyone of course is Allego.


Pharrell Williams. Welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you. Your voice is amazing. The film is so cinematic and I never thought I'd say that about a Lego film, but it is cinematic. Why Lego? Oh, because when I was a child, you know, my fondest memories of like having toys and my earliest memories were the Lego sets that like my parents would get me when I was really, really, really young. The idea that you get to like escape when you don't even know that you're escaping because you're just literally ideating and imagining in real time as you build with these pieces.


And whether you actually, whether you actually really build what the set is all about or you're just putting pieces together, like what it does for the young mind and how it sets it free. It is just magical. And at the same time, I really also wanted, like, if I'm gonna tell my story, which I was never really interested in doing, if I'm gonna do it, I want to do it in a way that like my children, which were our old, we have our oldest and then our triplets were just being, they had just been born. So four young kids and like how old were they at the time of this idea? 'cause this was five, six years ago, right? Yeah. At that point our oldest may have been eight or nine.


And then our, our babies had just been born and so they're now seven. And my whole thing was like, I didn't know how long the animation process was gonna take, but I definitely wanted them to understand the story as their dad would tell it. Yeah. I wanted them to be able to get it. You know, if you, you tell it through the guise of Lego, it's like, okay, they understand it's like a world, right. You know? It's the only way it was gonna happen if I was ever gonna do it. I, I wasn't interested in doing a A Biopic. No way. Why? Because for two reasons. One, I have such a high standard of stories and I didn't really think my story would be interesting.


Storytelling to me is an art form and not everybody is good at it. And you need really interesting components to the story for it to be compelling to then as a performer, like I just, you know, say who wants to see me? It's a lot like you're probably used to your voice at this point. Yeah. But even still, do you like hearing yourself on a voicemail? It's the worst. I won't even listen to this Pharrell. Right. See, I don't either. Right. I don't look at my video. Yeah. I don't, you know, read my interviews. I just don't. It's too much. My standards are too high. But I call it voicemail syndrome. So if you're saying you don't like it and you hate it, imagine an hour and change of it.


I know. So the process though, 'cause like you said, it took five years because of the animation process to turn what was your life into a Lego movie. And one of the things that Neville did in this film was visualize your ability to hear colors and see sound. Yeah. You talk about this often synesthesia, which is a neurological mixing of senses in the film. What's so cool is that when you make music, the colors correspond with it. And then you give the piece of music as a musical note to the artist and it's a beautiful color. You see seven colors, right? That denote notes.


Can you explain that to us? If you take it back to when you were born, all of your nerve endings, sight, sound, smell, taste, feeling, they were all connected. And then when you turn one, those nerve endings, they prune. And sometimes some of them stay connected and the ones that stay connected give you synesthesia. And when they're connected, they send ghost images and ghost information to the different parts of the brain. And so you'll end up hearing a color or seeing a sound.


Yes. Right? But there's all kinds. Yep. And when you go and do the research, you realize a lot of like, you know, there are gr there are emmic syne too. And those are the people who like can recite, you know, 26 digit numbers because they see the two as slightly tilted and they see the four As in Burgundy. And they see, you know, and so it, it gives them this information and it's, it, you know, it's great for them. And what's amazing is a lot of musicians do Tons of them. Have You worked with any of them? Because I was reading that Stevie Wonder might even have a form of synesthesia and that makes sense because so much of his music he is describing, he is describing color.


There is just like a, a really beautiful sense of that within the music. What I find fascinating is like, man, if he's never seen red before Yeah. Then obviously know what red is. Right. How do we know that he's not saying orange. Yep. But he thinks it's red and there's no way to really verify that. Like, but he is seeing red. I mean he's a genius man. I don't know. I was just saying is you can go down a rabbit hole with synesthesia but not have You and yeah. Have you and an artist ever vibed over that And read? Yeah. 'cause we all see different things. It utilizes the Roy G bib, but it's not based on the Roy g BIB's arrangement. Mm. What do you mean? Meaning, you know, certain people hear chords and they don't necessarily picture the same colors.


Everybody's, it's very unique Experience. I wanna play the experience a song just to give us like a better understanding of how your process works. So I chose milkshake, which I heard in a commercial recently. I mean, we are here. Time has really gone by. Right? That milkshake is in a commercial. But milkshake was a 2003 song performed by Kise and written produced by you and Chad Hugo as the Neptunes. Let's listen to a little, My Milkshake brings all the boys to the better. Better than yours. Damn right. It's better than yours. I could teach you, but I have to Charge the, I think it's, That was Kise performing milkshake written and produced by My guest today, Pharrell.


Okay. What does milkshake look like to you? Pharrell? It is like, the shapes are hard for for me to explain, but it sort of zigzags. And those synth lines are yellow and brown for me. And the yellow is goes from bright to mustard marygold and in there it's like, just like very stark brown. What I've always found really interesting about your music, it feels like environmental. Like I'm hearing like just sounds that I hear in my everyday life. And that one in particular, like there are the bells and like buzzing sounds and things like that.


Yeah. That song came from a trip that I went to in Brazil and I just like lost my mind. I've never seen so many beautiful women all in, they were just everywhere. And forgive the, the objectification when I say that. Yeah. But that was the impression that it made on my mind at that time. I don't know how 20 years ago, I don't know. Right, right. I was, you know, I was a kid. Kid. Yeah. Really? You're just like, whoa, I'd never seen anything like that. Where am I? And if you could put that energy and feeling, if that could be sort of trans mutated, if you will, Into a Song and Yeah, that was the attempt.


One of the things that the film does is give us a grounding of, of you as a young person coming into yourself. And synesthesia is a condition that you don't know any other way because that's how you've always been. But when did you realize that others may not see the world the way that you do? Oh. When you talk about it in a conversation and they kind of be like, what? What'd you say? What colors? You mentioned how when one of your senses is being blocked, basically sensory deprivation, it allows your mind to wonder and be imaginative. I was really interested in this 'cause I've done like the sensory deprivation tanks and I thought it was so interesting, like to hear my heartbeat in my ears.


I was wondering, as part of your process, do you create for yourself sensory deprivation at times so that you could actually hear your creativity or imagination? Well that is like a controlled environment where you have the ultimate sensory deprivation, what you're talking about. Yeah. Those chambers. But a simpler version of it is just like when you're in the shower, you know, and the water's just consist consistently running and it creates a, a, an effect of white noise. And that's the reason why you can think clearly when you shower or Ideas come to you, do ideas come to you? Of course ideas come. Or sometimes people sing in the shower. That's the reason why they do it, is because that consistent noise, that that white noise is particularly freeing to the part of your mind that wants to just iterate and not be distracted by environmentally distracted.


So running water, being near water, being in water, a bath, a pool, seeing the ocean standing in the shower, washing my hands in the sink. It does it for me. I think we learn in the movie that Happy came from running water for you. That was a cinematic liberty. Okay. Okay. When it was a way of just like sort of simplifying how the process came about, I was in the studio racking my brain for that song. And after nine different songs being and versions of something to fill in the blank for that movie.


The song is a sarcastic answer. A frustration for a rhetorical question. How do you make a song about someone so happy that nothing can bring them down? I mean like, get outta here. Okay, so it's 2013. You're tasked with writing music for Despicable. Me Too. As you said, you're racking your brain and like nothing's coming up that like they love the executives love and then this happy song comes up. Was it a hit immediately or did you have to sell it as well? They got it, but then all of a sudden the, when the movie came out, they went to go try to work it at radio and they couldn't get it to work at radio.


'cause it just didn't sound it was alien. It didn't sound like anything else. So radio stations wouldn't play it? No. No. They didn't play it until we did the video. Six months later when the song was included on the DVD, there were DVDs at that time and there was a budget to do a video for the song since we loved it as a companion piece to sell the DVD. One of the things you discovered that you talked about a lot, but it's so powerful to me because it articulated a feeling that I felt is like so many people told you what that song meant for them. But what that revealed to you was the pain that many people are in.


Oh, almost the opposite of Happiness. Oh, I'm very empathetic. So as they're telling you what they went through, it's heavy, you know? And I absorbed it in a way that like, it was just a lot for me. I wanna talk with you a little bit about working with artists. 'cause there's this story of you and Snoop Dogg working together that's told in the film and you all collaborated on the 2004 hit. Drop it like it's hot. Let's listen.


When the pimps in the crib, ma Drop it like it's hot, hot. Drop it like it's hot, hard drop it like it's hot. When The pigs try to get at you Park it like it's hot, hard park it like it's hot, hot park it like it's hot. Get a attitude, Pop it like it's hot, pop it like it's hot, pop it like it's hot. I got The rule. I'm point Sean and I because I got go with I'm a nice dude. What's some nice dream? Yep. See these ice cubes? See these ice creams eligible bachelor, million dollar bow that's whiter them west spilling down your throat. Fandom. Exterior electric. The interior like suicide. I can exercise you. This could be your cheat on your man.


That's how you get his a That Snoop Dogg drop it like it's hot, which was produced by My guest today. Pharrell and Pharrell. Snoop Dogg said in the movie that I wanna get this right, that you were the first to allow us the public to see the smile in him. And I thought that was so tender and it made me think, are you really responsible for Snoop Dogg becoming America's uncle? 'cause you know, after that song he did become this force that, you know, we now see him beyond like that persona as the hard West Coast rapper. Do you understand what he meant when he says that? Like you allowed us to see the smile in him through that song.


You know, when he says all those really nice things, I'm always just always taken aback by it. And I don't know if I really get what he implies, but I'm honored that he associates me with those types of reflections. Well What did you see in him for that song? 'cause that song is light. It does provide like, you know, it's got the groove, but it also has like a lightness to it. Mm. Wow. It's interesting that you see drop it like it's hot as like a light, the lightness. And I, I guess I never really looked at it that way. I mean, at the time I just knew the traumas was hitting hard and it felt good.


I don't know if I had ever really given any, any kind of emotive analysis of it. Hmm. But I guess you're right. It's not dark, like you're right. I I that's true. I never saw it that way until you said it. I mean, well you said that you often try to reverse engineer the feeling that you feel about an artist when you all are first working together so that you can come up with that sound. Can you say more about that? Well, It's the energy that people have when they walk in. It's what they say that they're looking for and then it's what their voice and energy tells you that it needs. It's sort of a combination of all three. Every once in a while someone walks in saying they want one thing and I'm like, no, you don't.


Or I disagree, or I just don't see that in you and I'm not always right. Sometimes they go out and go do it somewhere else and it's like, damn, you know what? I didn't see that. But that's me though. I'll tell you in a heartbeat, man. I just didn't see it. Our guest today is Pharrell Williams. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Lisa. Good sleep should come naturally. And with the new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Plus every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This message comes from GiveWell. GiveWell provides rigorous transparent research about the best giving opportunities so that donors can make informed decisions about high impact giving. To learn more, go to givewell.org and pick podcast and enter NPR at checkout.


This message comes from NetSuite. What does the future hold for business? Can someone invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 38,000 businesses have future-proof their business with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform. With real time insights and forecasting, you are able to peer into the future and seize new opportunities. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash story.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley, and today my guest is Multihyphenate Artist and music producer Pharrell. We're talking about his new animated biopic piece by piece, which is about his life growing up in Virginia Beach, Virginia and his career in the music industry. Creating hits like drop it like it's hot, get lucky. And the phenomenon that was happy. The film is done entirely using Lego animation. You have this ability to capture the essence of, of an artist. There's times though, when artists don't want what you're giving. You said so nicely in the film. I wrote this song for Prince and he didn't want it. It ended up being a hit for you.


But what's the story behind that of you writing a song for Prince and he not accepting it? Well, he was different. You know, he had there, there was, you know, he was one of those people that like, he's a musical savant. It's not an instrument he couldn't pick up and play. He's a brilliant writer. His vocally, he's incredible. He was an incredible performer and he wrote and produced for so many people. So in his mind it is like, you know, it is caveats buddy. I know, I know. And one of which was like, do you own all your masters? If you don't own your masters, we can't work together.


I was like, whoa. Was he one of the first to say that to you? Had you heard That before? No, I never heard anyone say that before. Then his other thing was he wanted to like sort of talk about religion. Hmm. And I was like, interesting. And you know, now I do own all of my master recordings and, and I'd be happy to square off in a conversation about the business of religion versus the necessity of faith At that time. It felt Was it over your head? No, I just was young and was like, for real. Okay. Whatever. Yeah. You know? Yeah.


Not knowing that we, he wasn't gonna be here that long, you know? Mm. What year was this? I, I wasn't, I was incredibly respectful. I mean, like, he was the goat then. He still is. You know what I'm saying? I, I don't know. This might have been like the, the early two thousands. The song was fronting, right? Yeah. But that was just the music for it. Okay. At the time. Yeah. I was wondering a little bit, I wanted to talk to you for a minute about your singing voice. Like, how did you find your singing voice? Because up until the moment when you decided to become like this solo artist with your own music, you were making beats for other people. And did you always know that you were a falsetto?


Like how did you find that voice? I had a problem with my voice for many, many, many years because I, I, that was just it. I didn't feel like I had found my voice. I always thought that my tone sounded like Mickey Mouse. The next time you listen to front picture Mickey Mouse, you can't unsee it. Stop. I swear that's one now that's just my tone. Then there is skillset. Yeah. Not being flat. I definitely didn't use any kind of tuning back then, so I was flat all over the pace. Sounding like a hot vermin.


Just sounding crazy. And my standard is super high. Yes. Remember I told you that's the reason why I didn't wanna do a documentary is my standard is how I work with great singers. I worked with Beyonce before. I work with Rihanna. I work with like people who really can sing. I work with Shakira, I work with Kim Burrell. Yeah. I I've worked with singers, I work with the Clark sisters. I know what like singing really, really, really is the, the, the craft of singing is a real thing. How did you get over it then? If you felt like you sounded like Mickey Mouse? Because there was a part of you that wanted it. Like you wanted to be a solo artist, you wanted to be a star, you wanted to be successful, But that was ego. When I did fronting, I wanted to show that.


Like, I was known for like rapping and making beats at the time and I was like, yo, I'm gonna go do this thing too. It was more of a flex. And then I looked up and was like, oh, but then you gotta go out there and go tour it. And I hated touring. It was What don't you like about it? I love being all over the world. I hated staying in different hotels and not really having like the right options that I felt like I wanted to. I was always that way. It was a very particular child, you know, I, I like what I like and when I can't have what it is that I like, I'm very routine and I didn't realize that. I didn't realize a lot of things until later in life.


But my issues were like that. I was very wired, hardwired for regiment and co and I don't like new environments. Yeah. But I love man touring with NERD and going to like Sydney or you know, or Amsterdam or like London Brixton shows. But I hated, I didn't really enjoy like the hotel accommodations and I didn't really like being on the bus all the time. Yeah. I was like not into that at all. Right. So, you know, I was just very particular as a kid and I just didn't understand what I didn't understand.


And I didn't have anyone to explain it to me because I came from Virginia, you know, it wasn't like a blossoming music industry there. It wasn't known for that. It was only that when Teddy moved there and brought his studio and like his whole entire business outfit there. That's, that's how we got into the music industry. But other than that, it would've never happened. So there was no one to really show us the ropes. It's not like being here in la Our guest today is Pharrell Williams. Here's his song Fronting from 2003. I sexy.


Okay. That With you Don't wanna sound full of myself, but you ain't because you love I'm sorry baby. So sexy. So you think about a chance you find yourself trying to do my dance because you try.


I know the best girlfriend. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh


Air. This message comes from Carvana with Carvana value tracker. You can track your car's value anytime, anywhere. Carvana will even let you know when your car's value changes with updated emails. However you value your car, know it's worth with Carvana value Tracker


support for this podcast and the following message come from Humana employees are the heartbeat of your business. That's why Humana offers group dental, vision, life, and disability plans designed to protect them. Exceptional service, broad networks and modern benefits. That's the power of human care.


This message comes from Capella University. With Capella's flex path learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This is Fresh Air. And today we're talking to Multihyphenate artist and music producer Pharrell, about his new animated bio pic piece by piece, which is about his life growing up in Virginia Beach, Virginia and his career in the music industry. Creating hits like drop it like it's hot, get lucky. And the phenomenon that was happy. The film is done entirely using Lego animation. You grew up in Virginia Beach. Can you describe where you grew up? Atlanta's housing projects. It was public housing. We lived on a federal subsidy. So you know, government cheese and you know, all those essentials.


Government edition, like, you know, that was the vibe, right? Yeah. When you live in those neighborhoods, you're really, you're really living next door and right on top of each other. The units are not that big. So a lot of, a lot of the people, the tenants spend a lot of their time outside. And so you're in a community that is closely packed. The units are facing each other. So almost all the structures of the neighborhood are forming courts, courtyards. You are facing each other oftentimes maybe even pitted against each other. And usually if you're lucky, there's two ways in and out of the neighborhood.


But most of the time there's only one way in, one way out. And it produces this, this type of person outside looking in. People were afraid to go in there inside looking out. It was very magical because everybody was so close in proximity. It produced, you know, you talk about like carbon, right? Black, you know, that heat, that pressure, that time produced a lot of diamonds. There were a lot of athletes that were incredibly gifted, a lot of artists that were incredibly gifted. Now the odds are pretty much stacked against you because your teachers need to see what you have in you and in terms of your propensity.


And not all of the education didn't always meet us in the intersection of where we were, how we process information to like thinking about what we were gonna do in our five and 10 year and 15 year trajectory. They weren't having those kinds of con conversations. So yeah, that was what it was like to be on a federal subsidy. It's like you're an outcast before you even step foot outside the neighborhood. You don't even know. It was so vibrant the way it was shown in the movie at the same time though. Which, 'cause we didn't wanna make poverty porn. That's the thing. It's like I said outside, look at in, you think, oh, what was me? And so poor man, we were having so much fun. You go in that neighborhood, you see 20 kids doing wheelies on their bicycles from light pole to light pole.


And you felt like, and I understand this feeling that there's so many, like there's so many talented people. You ask yourself why you, That's that was it? Why me? Because I knew I was the least talented person in my neighborhood. Ais was, was and is teaming with really talented people. All the housing projects they Ran. You ever feel survivor's guilt? No, never. Survivor's guilt. Just more just like, just questioning, just trying to understand it. 'cause if I don't know why, then I'm like, well, how long it's gonna last then I don't, if I don't know why, then I don't know the when.


If I don't know when, then I don't, you know? Do I really understand the what? Do You feel like you know now? Oh yeah. My job is to hold the door open. Yeah, for sure. I love how you described it many years ago. You, you said that in many ways it feels parallel in your mind conceptually to America itself because it's progression that you're in love with, but it's also like untapped potential. It's a place with so much untapped potential. Yeah. Can you say more about that? Oh, it's a beautiful place. It's its second tier market and it is still taming.


Taming with low hanging fruit. And if you're willing to take the time out to fly there and go shake the tree yourself, you actually get some of the sweeter fruit to fall. It's there. That's so interesting because like, as we will see in the film, as you mentioned, record producer Teddy Riley discovered you and the Neptunes at a talent show. And just to give people a little bit of the backstory, he set up his studio in Virginia Beach, future recording studios right across the street from your high school. How did you and Chad prepare for this talent show? We just had Chad's keyboard, you know, the stuff that we had programmed in there and we just went out there and did what we could.


What's so cool about Teddy Riley coming to Virginia Beach, it's like he didn't really even have that much of a connection to Virginia Beach. Like, it seems so serendipitous that he would say, of all the places I'm gonna put a studio in Virginia Beach. And he talks about why he ended up doing that to get away from like a lot of things. I still Don't know why he's told it a million times. And I swear to you I cannot walk away with a deduced clear idea of why he chose Virginia Beach, Virginia and chose right there on Virginia Beach Boulevard. Literally right next to my school. A five minute walk. And not five years before we were there, or five years after. Like literally he was while we were there.


Yeah. I mean he had like Bobby Brown pulling up to the studio, you know, getting outta like expensive foreign cars with furs on. I had never seen a fur jacket, a short fur jacket or let alone dudes wearing furs. Like I didn't got any that's like a New York thing or like something you would see like mobsters with. But like, we didn't see that. And he was making amazing guy music and making amazing, this is before BlackTree amazing guy music. He was making Bobby Brown music, you know, he had just done dangerous for Michael Jackson. We were like, who is this guy that like Teddy Riley, like is one of the greatest producers ever.


And we moved where? And so after he saw you guys in that talent show you, you worked in his studio for a little bit. What did you learn from working in his studio? Well, I learned studio etiquette. Be quiet when like masters are at work. And I learned very hard lessons about that. I was like, man, why don't you change that chord? You know, man, you should use a different snare. Like what? I never thought I'd see it, but we got to see Rumps Shaker in Lego form in this movie. The, the actual video, Which is crazy. It is crazy. The video, you know, the, the legendary, iconic scene from the video is the woman with the saxophone.


And you guys actually have her in Lego form in sax. Yeah. But people will learn the story in the film. But what verse did you write for? For Teddy's Rump Shaker. The verse that he says the one where is Chetty ready? With the teddy ready with the one, two checker. That part You call yourself during those early years. You said it a few times during our conversation, like arrogance, hubris, and Yeah. Can you say more of, of what you meant by that? Like what did that look like? A young Pharrell? I just didn't know. Nobody, I just thought, oh, like, because I came from an era of like people bragging, you know, you would beat your chest, you would pat your back, you know, I'm the best, I'm this, I'm that, you know, you know, you saw a lot of like really greatest of all time people.


Ali, you know, Michael Jordan, you know Michael Jackson, prince, you know, Michael had humble energy, but if you've, he'll tell you he was the greatest. Right? Right. And that was his goal. So you dealing with that, then you dealing with every rapper saying they're the best, they're baddest, they're the this, they're the, that. It's just, it was just everywhere. All the athletes, the artists, you know, the, any and everybody of note right. Was, would, would, would, would champion their brand with borderline hubris or full blown like arrogance. And you would have to be good enough to back these things up.


I feel like you couldn't be any other way though. I mean, if you're coming from nowhere, essentially you are the hype man. You're the one that's gotta tell people I'm good. Yeah. But then like at a certain point I met NIGOs son out in Japan and this guy And Who was that? Just to let people know who don't know. Nigo is my partner in Human Made, he's a Japanese founder, you know, apparel and footwear designer. When I met him in Tokyo, you know, he had more Rolls Royces than me and he did not brag and he didn't say anything at all really.


He just would like pull up and, and you should be like, wow. The power of the silence that changed me. I was like, man, I don't need to brag. Hmm. And then like, you know, and that was, that started the process. That was like 20 something years ago and I still kind of bragged, but I took note that like he had way more impact and he didn't say anything. He just pull up or he just put that on. Yeah. Or you know, he'd just be doing the most, but not saying anything. Right. You know, doing the most, but saying the least. And then like when I turned 40 then like, you know, I had like a series song, series of songs go number one that were commissioned for people.


They were looking for specific things. It wasn't just me waking up going, I'm gonna do this for you and this is what you need. It was more like the universe came to me with three different things that I needed to do. And when I did them, they became bigger records than anything I had ever done before. So that like, it, it humbled me, it made me cry. It was like, whoa, okay. All this time I thought it was all about me. And you know, I'm the genesis of this, of what I'm doing and you know, I come up with the impetus and the universe was like, nah, you know, you had to be frustrated. You tried it nine times and it didn't work, did it. And then I decided that you would have some success. The universe says to me, you know, and it was three times that year I had three number ones and was like, okay, What were the number ones?


Do you remember Blurred lines Get lucky and happy. What a year? Yeah. My Gosh. That was a summer. Yeah, it was Crazy. That was a summer. Yeah. Blurred lines is an interesting one. 'cause you learned other lessons from that. I mean, a lawsuit came out of that. Marvin Gaye's family said that it was very similar to a record of his. Yep. Did this change the way you approach music approach when you're wanting to have a similar sound to something else? To call back to our memory? Oh, I, it's confusing to me honestly, Pharrell, because so much music calls back, you know what I mean?


Well that's the thing. But is it calling back because it is a familiar feeling? Or is it calling back because it's actually using the same elemental building blocks of, of the music and is it protectable? Right. Those were the questions that were up. Right, right, Right. And if the, the universe did something, because I had, up until that point, I had only graduated high school, but I went back to school and got my master's in music theory because I wanted to understand why we lost that case. Hmm. When I knew fundamentally what the differences were. Hmm.


And yeah, so I got my master's and working on my doctorate. You are working on your doctorate? Is it in music? Yeah. I, because I have three honorary doctorates right now, and I felt like the universe was telling me like, listen, you need to like go back to school. Is it, is it in music theory? Yeah, music theory. How did that change your approach though to producing music? Oh, I mean I just, I have always known music. I was classically trained as a percussionist, but when it came to like the harmonics, it was always by ear. So I, I was instinctively learned, but now I have an academic understanding for what it is that I'm actually playing when I'm playing things with Harmony.


Let's take a short break if you're just joining us, My guest today is Pharrell. We're talking about his new animated biopic piece by piece. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh Air. Hi, I'm Laurel Wamsley and I cover personal finance for NPR. That means I report on some of the questions that might keep you or your loved ones up at night. Like, will I ever be able to buy a home? What about retirement? As interest rates drop, where should I put my money? Economic headlines can be confusing, but NPR is here to help you make sense of them. To support this coverage, please give today at donate dot NPR dot org. Hi, it's Marielle Sagara from Life Kid.


There's a first time for everything including giving to NPR. Whether you're a brand new listener or a longtime fan, please join the community of NPR network supporters today. Make your gift@donate.npr.org. And thank you. From the online trends that dominated 2024 on the spectrum Of bra to demure, where are you Right now? To spicy TikTok viral reads, these romance fantasy books about dragons NPR kept you up to speed on pop culture all year long. Give back to the news source that just hits different by donating today@donate.npr.org. And thank you.


This is Fresh Air. And today I'm talking with Multihyphenate artist and music producer Pharrell, about his new animated biopic piece by piece, which is about his life growing up in Virginia Beach, Virginia, and career in the music industry. Creating hits like drop it like it's hot, get lucky. And the phenomenon that was happy. The film is done entirely using Lego animation. Gosh, Pharrell, one of my favorite. Henry Lewis Gates. PBS Finding Your Roots episodes was yours. You learned about your ancestors. Yeah. In particular, you actually learned about some of your great, great, great aunts and uncles who were born into slavery in 1852.


And the interview with Gates found that they were part of this slave narrative project, which documented the oral histories of formerly enslaved people. You had a chance to read from that. And in this clip I'm about to play, you're reading a description of your aunt. We lived in log houses with stick and dirt chimneys. They called them the slave houses. I worked on the farm cutting corn stalks and tending to cattle and slavery time. Sometimes I swept the yards after working all day, there was a task of cotton to be picked and spun by them.


What kind of people? What kind of people? It puts a very vivid, intense context behind what it means to be African American. And I think, God, that I got to hear it, but I'm so sorry they went through this. Oh, nobody should have gone through this. It's a lot, man. Oh, I have to say I'm forever changed. That was my guest, Pharrell, on finding your roots, reacting to the description of what his relatives endured during slavery. And it's a powerful moment because you get to hear what their daily lives are like, what they were doing from hour to hour.


And it's always a gift for us to know. I felt like I was living vicariously through you, you being able to find out the details. You said it forever changed you. How has it Well, I was living vicariously through them reading these things and I just felt like it was such a gift to have that connection. You know, as black people in America, most of us don't have a connection to our lineage, our ancestral lineage in that way. We just don't know, you know, not like a lot of our other sibling species of different demographics who do know their ancest ancestral lineage. They, they have their, their cultural history and so they know.


And so when they speak, they speak from a a different place. There's a confidence in their tones because you know where you come from and because you know who you've been, you know who you are and you know which who you want to be. And you don't have that, It's now you have a little bit of it. Yeah. It's a very big difference. And so you feel difference and you feel different and you feel more solid when you pivot. There's a lot more connection to the ground and the gravity of not knowing is not pulling you down. But now you are using that, you harnessing that gravity to take bigger steps forward.


Now it's different. Well, Pharrell, this has been such a pleasure to learn about how you got to this moment and I really thank you for your time. Thank you. Pharrell Williams'. New animated biopic is called piece by piece. It's in theaters and available for streaming on Amazon Prime, apple tv, YouTube, and other platforms. On Monday show music in conversation with Jaron Paxton, a multi-instrumentalist known for playing music that comes from the 1920s and thirties. He just released his first album of his own compositions, it's called.


Things Didn't Changed. He brought a Guitar, banjo, and harmonica Join us Fresh Air's. Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer is Adam Stanky with additional engineering support from Joyce Lieberman and Julian Hertzfeld. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Annmarie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Kole, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Chaloner, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producers are Molly CV Nesper and Sabrina Seaward with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Betterment, the emotional build of a will. They won't they love. Story is never chill, but your investing portfolio should be. Betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances. Their automated technology and tax smart tools are easy to set up so you can focus on navigating any will. They won't. They love stories that come your way. Betterment be invested and totally chill. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


This message comes from PNC Private Bank whose steady calculated approach to wealth management might sound boring, but the outcomes are anything but PNC Private Bank, brilliantly boring. Since 1865 PNC Bank National Association member FDIC,


This message comes from American Express. The American Express Business Platinum Card offers world-class business and travel benefits. This card was designed to help you get more for your business wherever it may take you. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash Amex Business.