
NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. I first became aware of Heif Kureshi when the 1985 film, my beautiful Launderette was released. He was nominated for an Oscar for his screenplay, about a side of contemporary England that had rarely been explored on screen Pakistani immigrants and their children. The film was a lively romantic comedy about gay love, family racism, and punk rock. It was directed by Stephen Friers and CoStar Daniel Day Lewis. As a young man in a relationship with a son of a Pakistani immigrant, Croatia has since written other screenplays and novels, including the Buddha of suburbia. His new memoir called Shattered, begins in 2020 after a fall that injured his spinal cord, leaving him unable to move his arms or legs.


He describes being unrecognizable to himself, disconnected from his body, totally dependent on others, feeling helpless and humiliated, dealing with rage, envying other people who could do even basic things like scratch an itch while spending too much time on his back, staring at the ceiling. He reflected on earlier periods of his life. He shares those reflections in his book. He spent a year in hospitals before he was able to return home with round the clock caregivers. He started writing the memoir just days after the accident by dictating to one of his sons. The book's narrative is occasionally interrupted by a sides like, excuse me for a moment, I must have an enema.


Now. Koi is the son of a British mother and a father who immigrated from Pakistan in the late 1940s and of Rei. Welcome back to Fresh Air. We first spoke in 1990 on Fresh Air, and you've went on two times since then. So welcome back. How are you now? Like how much movement do you have now? I'm thrashing my arm about a bit now as I speak to you, but I can't use my fingers. I can't grip, I couldn't pick up a pen or anything like that. I can move my shoulder, I can move my legs a bit. Obviously I'm in a wheelchair.


I can't stand up, but I can't actually use my hands. So I am round the clock dependent, as you put it earlier. But I'm stronger than I was, and I have a physio every day, and so I'm stretched out. I move a bit, but I think this is pretty much where I'm gonna remain from now on. And physios, physical therapy. Yeah, I have the physio every, every day someone comes to the house and I stand up in a standing machine and they stretch me out, manipulate my fingers and my feet and so on, so I don't deteriorate. That's the, that's the main thing.


I don't want to get worse. I'm doing a lot of stuff at the moment. I, you know, I, this morning I was writing here my kitchen table with my son Carlo doing my blog. We were writing a movie based on my memoir Shattered. So, you know, I I, it's a full working day for me. And your arm is strung enough to maneuver the controls of your motorized wheelchair? Yeah, I buzz around my house. I can go out on the street, obviously with somebody else, and I can go up and down the road into coffee shops and I have lunch and I can do stuff. So it's not as bad as it might have been.


So I, I'm trying to figure out what happened. You were dizzy and then you woke up in a pool of blood? Yeah, yeah, that's the story. I've been unwell with a stomach infection and I've been taking a lot of painkillers and antibiotics and suppositories, all kinds of other stuff. So I was very weak. So I was at Isabella's apartment in Rome. Isabella's your, your partner now wife? Yeah, about to become wife actually. Okay. No one else wants me now. So, and then I fell fate. I put my head between my legs as he was supposed to do, and then I blacked out.


And I think what happened was I stood up at that moment and I took some steps across the room, and then I felt absolutely flat bang on my face, and I broke my neck or damaged my spine very badly. And when I woke up, I was in a pool of blood and I was unable to move my hands or any other part of my body. I could still speak You right about how it initially felt to feel disconnected from your body, to see your hand and not feel connected to your hand. You're right, I had become divorced from myself. Would it be okay to ask you to describe what that felt like, that sense of disconnection from your own body?


Well, at the beginning it's very odd because you are upside down on your head. You're bleeding from your, your forehead. And then I saw these objects out of the corner of my eye and I didn't know what they were. And then I began to realize that they were, it was my hands, but I had no agency over them. I thought that they were, you know, sort of live creatures, curled live creatures. And then I became convinced that I was gonna die, and that eventually I would sort of suffocate. You started writing your memoir just days after the accident by dictating it.


Was writing especially important to you? I know you're a writer, I know you're very dedicated to writing. Your life has centered around writing and family, but was it helpful to distance yourself from kind of removing yourself from what was happening so you could look at what was happening, examine it and describe it? It was really because when I was in the ICU in Rome, I was just a body to the nurses, to the doctors. I was in the medical industrial complex, and they were working on me and doing stuff to me and, you know, washing me and feeding me. And then I had an operation and so on.


But I wasn't really a, a person. I'd lost myself really. And the way that I could remind myself of who I was a writer with, a history a person in the world was to, was to start writing again. So I started writing to my long suffering partner, Isabella, who would sit at the end of the bed tapping into her phone, and I started to issue statements or blogs about exactly what was happening to me. And then Carlo, my son, he, he put the blogs on Substack where I had a, I had an account, and then he started putting them on Twitter and so on, and they started to go round and people started paying attention and the figures went up and up and up.


So I did one, one day, then I did one the next day and one the next day. We, at that point, even though I was really ill and really, you know, bombed out of my head on painkillers and so on, I, I was writing a blog every single day about my condition. And it was very exciting that people were interested in what I had to say and what had happened to me. And then people started to write pieces about me in the New York Times and in Australia and India and so on. So it was a very strange period because, you know, I was completely done for alone, lying in hospital full of drugs and tubes.


And I, my material was going very quickly around the world and in increasing numbers of people who were interested in what I was saying. And that really cheered me up. You know, I had something to do. I had a platform and I was back as a writer, which is what I am, which secures my, my identity. We've all experienced staying awake hours in the middle of the night, unable to sleep and worrying about so many different things. Sometimes you obsess on one thing, sometimes on many things for you that was especially difficult. It's not like you could get up and get a snack or, you know, watch TV for a little while, read a book.


What I was doing was writing the blogs in my head. You described the ninths very accurately, but what I was doing, I could write the paragraph and then another paragraph and another paragraph, and I could hold it in my head and try and remember the blog until the next day when I would see someone who would then commit it to paper. So that, that was kept me going. That was an interesting thing to do for me to, to start not only to write about my present life, but of course lying in bed for so long as you describe, you obsess about things, but thinking about my childhood, about my parents, about growing up and my reading and anything that occurred to me and I could put it in a blog and then publish it the next day.


Your partner, Isabella, spent every day during visiting hours in the hospital with you, and you were hospitalized for about a year. And one time when she was brushing your teeth and you felt like a helpless baby and a tyrant, two really conflicting, maybe not so conflicting. Can you describe both of those feelings? Well, I think what you say is very interesting because a baby is a tyrant. Yeah, I was thinking that as I said it. Yeah, I, I remember a phrase from some writer or another who described, who says the fascist face of the baby.


I, I've had three babies, and I can tell you that there are times when they are like fascists, when they overwhelm me. And then suddenly I was in that situation again. I was helpless in bed. I couldn't feed myself, brush my teeth, or do anything. And I was entirely dependent on other people. And I hated being so dependent. And the only way I could ever get anything done was to ask someone to do something for me, you know? And that's my situation now, today, I'm, I'm in that situation and I hate it. And I, I resent it. I want to, you know, get up and do make my own tea and breakfast, you know, so I suddenly became aware of, of the, in order to get anything done, I had to demand things.


I have to ask people to do things for me. And it's embarrassing to have to do that all the time. If I'm in my kitchen and Isabella is cooking and then she does the, the shopping, and then she has to feed me, then she has to wash up. There's, there's nothing I can do to help her. And it's shameful and embarrassing. And so the, the nature of our relationship was completely transformed by the, by this accident where I am entirely dependent on, on other people, and also profoundly ashamed that I, that I'm not able to do what I, what I could do before. The only way to get around this is to enjoy it, you know, and to enjoy the conversations you have with other people, to enjoy their generosity, to enjoy the, the love that they have for you and the, and how they like to, to help you and just to serve you.


So it's a big kind of emotional and intellectual turnaround. I'm just describing here from being an independent, you know, person with agency in the world who can do stuff to becoming this tyrannical baby that I, that I am here now talking to you. But you have paid caregivers too, right? Yeah. I have one person 24 7 who lives in the house, who looks after me, and then carers who come in one in the morning to wash me and get me dressed and ready for the street. And then in the evening, someone who helps put me to, to bed and cleans me and gets me ready for, for the night.


So they're paid to do this. That's their job. That's what they're trained to do. Do you feel guilty or embarrassed or humiliated when they're helping you? I felt all those things as you have to adjust to a new life. One day I was an ordinary, normal person walking about the world, doing, doing stuff the next day. And this may happen to many of us, to, to all of us, you're entirely dependent on the kindness of strangers for your life. And it's a big adjustment. And at the beginning it's very humiliating. You feel really embarrassed, you know, people touch you all the time. Strangers come into my house every single day and they touch me, they turn me over, they talk above me as if I'm not there.


And my circumstances have entirely changed. But I have to say, you get over it, You once you once accused Isabella of going all Betty Davis on you making it seem like she was the one being the tyrant. That's harsh. What brought that on? Well, I think at the beginning there was a lot of, lot of anger, you know, from me. Mostly when you, you have your life as it were, your normal life, your ordinary life snatched away from you by an illness. As I say, as will happen to so many of us, you are absolutely furious and you become furious with the people around you.


You become furious with your life. You can't believe this horror has happened to you. It's a contingent random thing that's happened to you just out of the blue. You know, I'll give you some examples. When I was in hospital in, in North London, in the, in the rehab, I was on a ward of accidents. Everybody on the ward had had an accident. One guy had dived into an empty swimming pool by mistake. Another guy had fallen down the stairs while drinking a glass of wine. Another guy had fallen over his rake and his garden and just tripped over it and fell down and broke his neck and was paralyzed. So we all had these random rather contingent accidents, which suddenly in a moment completely changed your life forever.


And there's no going back. That is absolutely enraging. You think, you know, why couldn't I have been doing something else at that moment? You know, why did that moment occur to me? Why have I been chosen? What have I done wrong? You go through all these terrible, awful thoughts about who has done this to you and why it's happened, and it makes you an angry person. So I think there are moments quite rightly, where you, you deserve to feel, to feel angry, but it's tough on the people around you. Isabella asked you that if the tables were turned and she was lying in bed unable to move, would you, you do for her as much as she'd been doing for you?


And you write that you weren't sure, you weren't sure if you would, what made you doubt that? I guess because I'd never done anything like that before. I look after Isabella and she looks after me we're equals. But the idea that I would then devote my life to her being disabled and being in a need, I can't answer that, but I think I would now, I'd do it for anybody now. 'cause I know so much about suffering and disablement, which I didn't know before. So the answer would be yes, I would do that. But I, but I dunno whether I would've done it when I was healthy. But as I say, it's not a question one can answer.


So when recalibrating your relationship, what are some of the changes that you made so that even though you were no longer physically equals and you were dependent and she was a caregiver, what, what were you able to change to restore things that, or to keep on track things that were special between you? Unlike most of the people that I was in hospital with, they can't go back to work. None of 'em have gone back to work. You know, if you're a truck driver or you're a street cleaner, or you're a postman or whatever, none of those men or women can go back to work.


And so they go back home and they lie in bed and they watch tv. My job, thankfully, is a, is a talking and writing job. And I, and I work every day. I, as I just described to you earlier, and that's part of important part of our relationship. She works and I work and I have the dignity of my work. I've written shattered. I'm writing other stuff as I, as I've said. And I feel that, you know, it is my part of the relationship that I earn money, that I support us. I'm a father to my son. So I'm still doing stuff in the world and I have some dignity. I haven't been robbed of my ability to, to function, to be creative.


In fact, I'm writing more now, even though I'm disabled than, than than I did before. And I'm very happy to work and I go to work in the morning with great energy and, and and belief. And that's important in our relationship for both of us though, we both feel, you know, that we are dignified, creative people doing, doing, doing stuff that matters in the world. So you're no longer sexual because of your paralysis. You like sex was a very central part of your life until the accident, and it was part of your writing as well. So you seem to have changed in terms of your attitude towards sex.


At first, I think you really, really missed it. And then you got so used to not having it that you became kind of uninterested in it. You wrote, just because you are severely injured doesn't mean you don't think about sex, but you also write that you lost interest in sex once you couldn't have it. Can you describe that transition? Yeah, it's an interesting thing and I, something I've discussed with male friends of mine, mostly because, you know, when you get to our age, a lot of my male friends have problems with their prostates, as you could imagine. And some of those guys were, you know, very horny in their younger years.


And then suddenly when it's gone, it's an absence, but it's also a mercy. You do feel released from some terrible agency and you look with amusement and other people's bizarre activities actually. So I, I don't particularly miss it. I don't particularly care about it because there really are other forms of human intercourse, other forms of human love, other forms of touching and kissing and being with somebody else in a, in a sensual way. I think probably it, it's a real narrowing of the sexual spectrum to think that there are only a few ways in which you can be sexual.


I think sexuality and sensuality is a much broader thing than, than we have grow up thinking, to be honest. So you can find other ways of loving other people that are not necessarily sexual in the most overt sense. Actually, Let's take another break here. If you're just joining us, my guess is Hanif resi and his new memoir is called Shattered. And it's about the year he spent in hospitals after the fall that injured his spinal cord, leaving him unable to move his arms and legs. We'll be right back after a break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, no idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series, yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney plus follow Cassie and or as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity Season two of and or is now streaming only on Disney plus.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR r At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR.


Your father was an immigrant, and I don't wanna get into that a little bit later, but I just wanna talk about the contrast between, between the racial ethnic aspects of the hospital in Italy where you had your accident and in London, the the hospitals you eventually moved to. 'cause you're from London, your partners from Italy. So in Italy, just about everybody who worked in the hospital was white. When you went to hospitals in London, all the therapists and nurses, they were all people of color, often immigrants. And, and you were the only person here who speaks standard middle English was you.


When I was in Rome in the hospital, everyone was white. You never saw a a per a person of color. It's the only monocultural country, Italy really in, in, in Europe. And Isabella says that I'm wrong about that, that it's beginning to change. But I didn't see any people of color in the hospitals in in, in Italy, really. And then of course you come to London around the corner from here where I am in West London now. And obviously the whole of our huge NHS is run by, you know, people from all over the world. And it's just incredible to lie in bed, to be changed and washed by someone.


And you, you, you, you have these incredible conversations with somebody from Africa, from the Philippines, from from South Africa and India, Pakistan, so on. It's incredible stew in great multiracial, multicultural society. But one of the things you become aware of certainly in these British hospitals is our dependence in Britain on, on immigration and other races that the place, the hospitals, none of it, it wouldn't function at all without immigration. Even recent immigration to, to be honest, there were a lot of people who had recently come from the Philippines, people who come from from Africa and and so on.


And I began to realize that since we had Brexit, which was the breakup with Europe, that we were now importing people from other parts of the world in, in order to run the NHS. That's a national health service. Yeah, that's indeed. Yeah. And in America as well, you know, in the u us so many healthcare workers, including caregivers and aides are recent immigrants or you know, immigrants who've been here for, you know, a longer time. Oh. And so many people who take care of children are also immigrants. And yet there's this strong anti-immigrant feeling in, in America, as I'm sure you know, and I think in England as well.


Right. It's a terrible dilemma really for Britain because originally our country was almost entirely dependent on the empire. As as, as you know, before 1945, Britain had a, this huge worldwide empire from which me its wealth was derived. And now as a a smaller society, we are, we are entirely dependent on I immigrants in order to look after a slowly aging population. And if you saw the hospitals and the care homes and the transport system and so on here, you'd see it's entirely run by, by immigrants.


But of course it's hated that dependency by people and they wish to to to end it, to go back to being an entirely Caucasian society. But that can't happen. And so there's a kind of deadlock in British society between those who want to hate immigrants and the rest of us who realize that without immigrants, the NHS, for instance, would break down. It just wouldn't work at all. And the NHS and our social system is understaffed as, as it is the nurses and doctors in the hospitals in which I spent a year were complaining all the time about they didn't have enough people to work there. So this is a real deadlock and a real problem because it's really fun to hate on immigrants, you know, people really enjoy it.


They're the, you know, one group of people in society that you can hate. And I, it's an absurdity 'cause they're the one group in society in which you're entirely dependent and without whom your society would go down in, in, in, into a darkness. Your father immigrated to Britain in the late 1940s from Pakistan. Was he from a Muslim family? My my understanding is he was relatively secular. My dad came from Bombay in India. He came from a Muslim family, but they were a secular family then. They were an upper middle class wealthy intellectual family.


And my dad came to England to, to study law. Are so many, you know, members of the wealthy middle class from India like Gandhi and Ji and so on. Great figures from India. They all came to the west to to be educated and then normally they would return to India to, you know, to run the country. But my dad met my mom, he, he got married and he stayed in the UK and be, and wanted to be British. He wanted to be an Englishman, in fact. And he liked England. He loved England. And he, he, he always wanted to stay here. No, I thought he came from Pakistan. My family moved to, to Pakistan after partition all my many uncles and aunts and cousins and so on.


They moved from India to Pakistan to be safe in Pakistan, which is a Muslim state. Yeah. And, and partition happened in, was it 1947 when Yeah, India basically divided into two with Pakistan becoming a new Muslim state. Yep. That's the story. But my dad came to the, the UK around that time, so he didn't go to Pakistan and he stayed in in Britain, but he worked in the Pakistan embassy and so became Pakistani even though he hadn't actually been to Pakistan. It's a, it's a, sounds like an odd thing, but it's the case. And, and when you were growing up, one of the insulting words that you were called was Paki short for like Yeah, go ahead.


That was a very common designation for, for anyone actually who was oriental looking or brown or whatever. We were all called pais. Whether we from, whether we were from Sri Lanka or India or Pakistan or, or, or or wherever. Pai was the sort of ubiquitous insult thrown at us. So was your father part of the first generation of a wave of immigrants to England from South Asia? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, my father worked in the Pakistan embassy and so was very aware of what was going on, of how many people from Pakistan and India were coming to the uk.


I mean, in those days my father was automatically a British citizen. If you were, if you were born in, in India, which was then in know part of the, of the empire, you were automatically British. So my dad always had a, a British passport. I see. So what, what was it like for him and then for you as being his son to be part of a new wave of immigrants when people, I think, is it fair to say England was largely white at the time? England was largely white, but I think the, the immigrant ethic is probably like the immigrant ethic in the, in the United States, you know, that you were coming to a new country and it would be a new start for you.


It was a clean slate. You would get educated, you could bring up your kids, you know, Britain was a, was a, a really civilized, well all organized law abiding country. And he just left the chaos of India. You remember after partition. And my dad thought it was fantastic. You'd get free education, you could go to the doctor, the dentist, you had the welfare state. There was a rising standard of living in the 1960s. There was the Beatles, there was pop, it was the sixties, what we call the sixties and so on. So my dad saw it as a great opportunity for us, his kids to do really well. Of course, at that time in Britain, particularly where I was in South London, there was a lot of violence.


There was a lot of racism, there were a lot of attacks on people, people like us of color. And we were terrified of that. And we used to run and, and have to hide. And my father was frightened and so on. It was quite tough and rough. But on the, on, on, on the whole, my father was really pleased that he had come to Britain and given us the chances, his kids to grow up in Britain and to do well. He thought it was a great opportunity for us. And he believed that I, his son could become a significant writer, you know, that the world was our oyster. There were opportunities in Britain. And to be honest, he was right about that. I mean, when I was a young man, there were not many Asian artists in, in pop or photography or in the arts of people from South Asia at all.


And there were certainly no writers really, apart from vs. Nepal, writers of color who were successful in, in, in, in England. But we changed it all. You know, other writers like Salman Rushi and of course Sadie Smith and so on. And the whole scene has changed and opened out now, and there's been a huge unfurling of these really, really talented people from South Asia. When you were growing up, you were bullied by skinheads and other kids who were racist. How did you respond to that? I think I responded to that in the way that I responded to, to my accident really, which isn't the only way that I knew how, which was to become a writer, which was to live through this stuff, to, to survive it, to suffer from it and find it painful and so on, which it is.


And then one day you find yourself writing a novel about it and you find yourself writing a novel that hasn't been written before in, in Britain called the Buddhist suburbia with material in it that is fresh and new and, and from a part of Britain that is undiscovered and so on. So I think becoming a writer is a very good way, as it were, to organize and to think about your experience. And not only that, to pass it on to other people, for them to enjoy and To learn about their own country at the same time. Let's take another break here if you're just joining us. My guest is screenwriter novelist and playwright Hanif Kureshi. His new memoir is called Shattered, and it's about the year he spent in hospitals after the fall that injured his spinal cord, leaving him unable to move his arms and legs.


We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air


Having news that your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


I'm Jesse Thorn this week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle aged strapper with an 18-year-old daughter, She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now, you going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR


On the next through line from NPR For the presidency. I'm indebted to almighty God. I'm in charge of the country and I need to serve all the American people and not just the political machine. The origins of the modern civil service, listen to through line, wherever you get your podcasts, us


You're a father, you have three sons, two of them are twins. And you know, you try to write as honestly as possible. And one of the things you write in your new memoir, shattered, is there has barely been a minute of the last 10 years when I haven't enjoyed being with my three sons, but I admit that the early days were difficult, if not nasty, even hair raising on occasions. I often felt that I was in the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong people. What was it about fatherhood early on when your kids were young that made you feel like you weren't living the life you were supposed to be living?


I guess, I don't know whether other people feel like this or other men feel like this or, or, or whatever, but I really started to enjoy the kids when I could have grown up conversations with them. You know, as they started to get older and we could talk about sport or politics or literature, and we started going to the movies together and so on. They were more like equals to me when they were little kids, you know, screaming their heads off and they wouldn't go to school and they hated you and they kicked you and et cetera, et cetera. I found all that a bit sorted. It wasn't much fun. But as I got older, I really started to enjoy them and I enjoy them now as, as, as adults.


The the twins are, are 31 now and the other boy is 26. But I, yeah, I I'm not a big fan of babies to, to be honest. They're okay, you know, for about half an hour. But what you really want is to, is to go down the pub, sit down with a kid and have a beer and really talk about interesting things together, which is what I, I do with my kids now and we're all equals. And my son Carlos said to me the other day, he said, you are much better as a friend than you are as a father. I, I was rather hurt by that 'cause I like to think I was quite a good father, but I enjoy them a, a, a as a adults much more than I did as kids.


The passage that I just read. Did you, did you dictate that to one of your sons? 'cause your sons helped you in writing the memoir because they transcribed what you were saying? Yeah, I write all kinds of weirdo, as you can see from the book, shattered. I write all kinds of weirdo stuff about sex, about politics, about literature, about being a father or going to an orgy in one case or whatever and so on. They don't mind writing it down. It doesn't bother them at all. I don't see why it should. Well, because you said you didn't enjoy being a father and you were dictating this to a son, so I could see how he might interpret that as disappointing.


Yeah, well I'm sure the same thing will happen to him, you know, when he, when when he has children, has to stay up all night with her vomiting in his shoes, good luck to him. That's my cat's job. Yeah, exactly. And and you also, right, you hated taking your children to karate and football and swimming and Oh God, I hated all that. Yeah, you had to take 'em to karate and tennis and God Almighty driving them around London in the pouring rain when you just wanted to, you know, be at home smoking a joint. It just seemed g to me. But, you know, I did it and I, and I did my duty, so I can't say I didn't do it. I actually did do it.


So, you know, you must gimme some credit for that. You were good friends with Solomon Rushdi and he wrote a really wonderful, like so well written memoir about, about the incident where he was stabbed well on stage at the Chatauqua Festival where he was making an appearance. And you, you write in your book that you've had many conversations with him subsequent to, you know, your injury and, and, and his attack, the attack on him. Did you read his memoir? I'm wondering if maybe you wanted to stay away from it knowing that you'd be writing your own thoughts.


I didn't read it actually. Isabella read it for me and she told me what was in it. The, the reason I didn't read it wasn't because I wanted to keep to my own thoughts is that I couldn't, I didn't want to hear about his suffering. It's so upset me what happened to him. I've known Salman since the early eighties and I, I love him and admire him as a man and as a writer. He is like an older brother to me. And there was no way I was gonna read about, about that awful thing that happened. I just couldn't, couldn't face it. And I, I, he understands that he's, he's aware of that. And I, you know, I didn't wanna read about someone being, being in hospital and having to recover and so on.


I, I, I can write about it, but I don't want to hear about it because my life is miserable enough as it is. I don't wanna make it worse. Which, which happened first your, your fall or, or his attack? I'm losing the chronology. No, no. He, he, he was attacked in August and, and I fell over at Christmas and he would text me every day. He was really sweet about supporting me and loving me and I, I loved to admire him for doing that. What did he mean to you as another writer from South Asia, living in, living in England and he started writing bef bef, you know, midnight's Children wa was published before, before your screenplays and novels.


I met Salman probably around 1982 and Midnight's children had just come out and won the book of prize. He was such an amazing figure. So super, super smart, a great writer, great raconteur, great party giver. He was at the center of the scene in London in the 1980s, and I was quite close to him at that time and I never stopped admiring him. Also after the fat, while the strength he, he showed the fortitude how he survived that terrible period with those awful attacks from the Iranian government and so on. I mean, he's an amazing man, very, very brave and, and admirable in them.


A man who's continued to be an important and an amazing writer, but also someone who's stood up for these profoundly important values like the freedom of speech, for instance. Let's take another break here if you're just joining us. My guest is screenwriter novelist and playwright Hanif Rei. His new memoir is called Shattered, and it's about the year he spent in hospitals after the fall that injured his spinal cord, leaving him unable to move his arms and legs. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR, a show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPR r's Wait, wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast


At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum, From a quality standpoint, is the best in the world To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips. It's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What you looking for? The stupid guy here? They're all smart, don't worry About it. Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


I don't know if you're a planner or not, and if you look ahead into the future a lot or not, but has the accident changed your approach to planning, to looking at the future, to thinking what's next? Or are you living more like day to day and not thinking ahead very much? I wanna have a lot going on. You know, I'm doing a dance thing, I'm writing another book. I'm doing this movie with Luca Garino. I'm very excited about what I'm doing and I need to get up in the morning and look forward to the day and think, what am I gonna do today?


Is it gonna be exciting? I'm, I'm gonna see a, a really good friend? Am I gonna have a conversation that I never had before? And I'm gonna work on something that's fresh and new and I'm really excited about my book Shattered coming out in the US for instance, I haven't published a book in the US for a long time, so I wanna read the reviews, I wanna read the interviews, I wanna find out how the book's doing. I just wanna be excited about the world after having go and gone through a year of hell. You know, You mentioned you're doing a dance thing. What is that? Yeah, I'm gonna do a dance thing. I, they, they asked me to supply some pages for them for a choreographer who we haven't chosen yet.


And the, the, the pages that I will write, which will be about accidents, I'm gonna call it the Hospital of Accidents, and I'm gonna give that to the choreographer and they're gonna be inspired by the pages in order to create some kind of co choreography, probably with disabled dancers in, in, in, in order to create some kind of classical dance piece, which we are gonna perform in Bradford in the middle of, of, of this year. That's really interesting. That's really fun, isn't it? Yeah. I never thought I would end up creating a dance piece, but somebody just asked me randomly and I thought, that's a great idea. Oh, it's nice that they asked. I mean, what a, what an interesting and unusual opportunity.


Yeah. And it's really fun for me to collaborate. You know, I've collaborated all my life with dancers before or with directors, with musicians and composers and o other and obviously actors and other artists. It's, I love collaborating with other people 'cause you can do stuff with them that you can't do alone. Well, even your memoirs are collaboration 'cause you dictated it to members of your family. And I'm sure they commented on it at some point as you were, Unfortunately. Yeah, they comment commentated on it all, all the time. They never shut up, you know, and it's really, really, it's really fun to hear from other people when you're writing. And I, I'm, I'll be doing that tomorrow morning.


Okay. Well, I wanna thank you so much for talking with us and for sharing so much of your life and Thank you Terry. Beautiful questions. I really enjoyed it. Thanks. Thank you. And, and, and I wish you, I I wish you, among other things, comfort and freedom from pain. And that reminds me, are you, are you in pain? People think that, well, if you're paralyzed, therefore you don't feel anything and you're spared from pain. But that's actually not true. I was back in hospital last week, I had a, a very serious, incredibly painful infection in my bladder. So they rushed me to hospital and pumped me full of antibiotics and painkillers, which worked. So today as you're speaking to me, I'm, I can tell you that, that, that I'm all right, but it's not necessarily gonna last.


Well, you spoke about the fragility of life and you're, you've been narrating what that's Likes. Yeah, I have. Thank you for having me on your program, Terry. Let's do it again. It sounds like there'll be plenty of things to talk about in the future. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've always got plenty to say. Ha. Koresh's new memoir is called Shattered. To keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews, follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air tomorrow on Fresh Air for Mardi Gras day. We'll be joined by a Mardi Gras attraction, clarinettist and vocalist, Doreen Ketchens, known as Lady Louie.


She's a fixture of the French Quarter in New Orleans. We'll talk with her about her decades long career as a street performer and she'll play some music who you'll join us.


Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller, our technical director and engineer is r Benham. Thanks to Fatima Sab for her help In recording today's interview, our managing producer is Sam Brier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers and Rebel Dondo, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cho, Susan Yadi, Anna Bauman and Wolf. Our digital media producer is Molly Si Neper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Mosley. I'm Terry Gross. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term, from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you.


Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast, When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPRs Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast. From NPR, Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes, to the science of desalination, to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water.


That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR.