
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, na member, FDIC. Plus our other means. Thank you. Your support means so much to us now, more than ever. You help make NPR shows freely available to everyone. We're proud to do this work for you and with you. Okay, let's start the show. This is Fresh Air. I'm Teri Gross. Since President Trump has returned to office, his conflicts of interest have surpassed those of his first term.


He's no longer hesitant about pursuing profits without restraint. According to my guest, Eric Lipton, an investigative reporter for the New York Times, Lipton has written a series of articles about the president's conflicts of interest relating to his family's real estate and development companies and cryptocurrency company World Liberty Financial. Lipton writes that World Liberty Financial has eviscerated the boundary between private enterprise and government policy in ways without precedent in modern history. Trump has urged Congress to pass a bill known as the Genius Act, which would make it easier for US companies to deal in a type of cryptocurrency known as stablecoin.


After advocating for passage of the bill, the Trump Family Crypto Company started issuing its own stablecoin and became one of the biggest issuers in the world. Partly as a result of Lipton and his co-authors reporting, Democrats are now trying to amend the Genius Act. I spoke with Eric Lipton yesterday morning about his reporting on Trump's conflicts of interest. While we were recording, a Senate subcommittee opened an inquiry into quote Trump crypto corruption. Hours later Senate Democrats introduced the end crypto corruption act, which would ban the president, vice President, senior executive branch officials, members of Congress, and their immediate families from financially benefiting, from issuing, endorsing, or sponsoring crypto assets such as meme coins and stable coins, both of which we discuss in this interview.


Eric Lipton, welcome back to Fresh Air. Thanks for having me. So you described the crypto legislation before Congress now the Genius Act as the first formal act by Congress to create a regulatory system that could help the industry grow. So let's start with what is Stablecoin, which is the type of crypto question here. Stable coins are extremely popular in the crypto world, and they're a way of having a, an a type of a token that has a steady value. It's worth a dollar no matter what is happening in the Bitcoin market up or down because there's so much volatility in crypto. And the advantage of a stable coin is once you have a dollar to dollar crypto token, you can use it to buy and sell things because it has a reliable value.


So it, it is also one of the most profitable chunks of the whole crypto space for companies that issue stable coins because once they have your money in a stable coin, they invest your money and they make a lot of yield on it, and you don't get that yield, you don't get the interest on your money, they take it. And so it's very profitable part of the business. So, but it has been held back because in the United States, the Federal Reserve and the Treasury have been concerned about, you know, could stable coins represent a threat to the economy? And so it has not grown as much as it perhaps could if it had some regulatory structure around it. And that's what this act would do. If it's stable at a dollar, why not just use a dollar? Why use crypto if you're just building a crypto that's tied to the dollar?


It's a very good question. I mean, it is more fluid than a dollar, and it can cross borders with, with fewer restrictions. But that's also one of the concerns is they could be used for money laundering or, or drug trafficking if it's not properly regulated. So how would the Genius Act regulate stablecoin? I mean, the, the Genius Act would officially recognize stable coins as a, a functioning part of the financial sector, and it would create some requirements for issuers of the stable coins. The biggest thing that it would do is it would recognize stable coins as a legitimate part of the US financial sector, and it would also be assigned to banks and other financial institutions that you should, you know, you should start to incorporate them into your mix of services.


So the reason it's so important is that the industry is that it would legitimize stable coins and embrace them through an act of Congress. And so I think that you would see significant growth in the stablecoin market in the United States and globally if Congress enacted it. Well, let's get to the conflict here. So Trump called on Congress to pass this legislation. Then World Liberty Financial, the Trump Family Crypto Company said it was going to release its own stable coin called USD one and Trump or his family would be profiting from the legislation that he asked Congress to pass. The Trump Family Company is now one of the biggest issuers of stable coin in the world.


So talk about that conflict. It's a very odd situation because you have simultaneously a president of the United States who is both appointing the, the financial regulators. So effectively he's the top financial regulator in the United States and, and therefore the world. And he is also one of the biggest players in the same regulatory space. So he is the regulator and the regulated, and, and it is, is a very unusual situation. I I, you know, I spoke with both historians and former White House ethics lawyers, and no one could identify another example of a conflict of interest that was so blatant and worrisome as having Trump be both the regulator and the regulated in this case.


So you expressed the concern that the bill lacks strong provisions to stop money laundering and Democrats in Congress are concerned about that too. But, you know, Trump's justice department recently terminated a crypto crimes task force, a task force that could perhaps have helped, you know, keep on the lookout for money laundering no longer exists. Yeah, I mean this is a, a single piece of a much broader kind of landscapes of conflicts of interest when it comes to the Trump family and cryptocurrency. And among the other examples are the fact that, you know, Trump appointed an acting director of the SEC and now has appointed a permanent chair of the SEC who among the first acts was to roll back most of the enforcement actions that the agency was taking relative to violations of federal securities law and banking secrecy requirements.


And again, one of the first things that Trump did was to appoint an acting head of the Securities and Exchange Commission, which is the chief regulator of the cryptocurrency industry, who rolled back dozens of enforcement actions around the cryptocurrency industry, either froze those actions or actually stopped in, in pending lawsuits against companies that had violated federal securities laws and, and some of those same companies that have been freed of, of regulatory actions or actually business partners of World Liberty Financial. And not only that, but he actually pardoned a, a, a gentleman named Arthur Hayes, who is an investor in one of the financial partners of World Liberty. So I mean, he has, you know, rolled back regulatory actions relative to his business partners and given a pardon to effectively one of his business partners.


So you say that the crypto world's ultimate goal in Washington is to secure ambitious legislation that would cement the industry standing in the US financial system and that the crypto world wants to make the crypto sector part of the larger banking sector. Like what would that look like if the crypto industry got its way? Well, I mean, cryptocurrency has been around for, you know, quite a while now, and it's largely, you know, been a, a way for people to make financial bets that it's gonna rise in value. It hasn't had a, a great deal of use case. It's like, what is it inherently about? And and there's a lot of people in the industry who say, well, we wanna have a use case. We want it to be used for buying and selling things.


And for banking, you could use it to take out a loan, you could take loan on your crypto, you could, you know, invest your crypto and earn yield like, like you'd put at deposits in the bank and you could do international transactions. And it has been held up by the lack of a regulatory structure to oversee it. And so, you know, this is a moment, and Trump embraced the crypto industry unlike any other presidential candidate in American history because it hasn't been around that long. And, and he said, you know, we are going to become the, the crypto capital of the world. And the industry pushed in, you know, tens of millions of dollars to help him get elected. And on Monday night at at, at his golf club in New Jersey, President Trump had a dinner that cost a million and a half dollars to get into that was sponsored by the crypto industry.


And so the crypto industry's quite excited about President Trump. And the question is whether or not he is going to spoil this moment of opportunity for the industry because his family is, is pursuing profits so aggressively that it's creating questions about a conflict of interest. Trump established a strategic Bitcoin reserve. I don't really understand what that is. Can you explain it? Yeah, it's effectively, it's a sort of something similar to Fort Knox. I mean, the United States has a place where it stores gold. It's like a reservoir of gold. The gold used to back up the dollar. It's just a place that the United States government holds gold. The idea of a strategic reserve is that the United States would collect a certain number of cryptocurrency tokens that are popular in the marketplace and just hold them as because, as a store of value and just like you might collect foreign currencies and, and hold them because you wanna invest in other foreign currencies.


So Trump announced earlier this year that he was gonna create a strategic reserve of certain types of cryptocurrency. And the reason that it became a conflict of interest was that among the cryptocurrencies he mentioned when he did a social media posting was one called Ether. And it turns out, of course, that his son's company, which he financially benefits from personally, world Liberty, had purchased tens of millions of dollars worth of ether before Trump included that in his social media posting. And as soon as he said, well, we're gonna put Ether into the strategic reserve, ether surged in value, because you know, oh, if they're gonna put this type of crypto into the reserve, it's must be worth more. So that was essentially, he was basically writing himself a check because of course, if you're gonna mention one particular type of cryptocurrency, it's gonna drive up its price and it did.


Now Ether has since dropped in value because there's a lot of other things happening in, in the global economy, but at least temporarily Trump's announcement drove up an asset that his family had already invested in. So the Trump Family Company, world Liberty Financial, their crypto company does more than stablecoin. We've talked about the stablecoin describe the company to us and the range of things that they do regarding crypto. So World Liberty was effectively created in, you know, September, October of last year as the presidential election was coming towards a close. And I, it it's a brand new company, therefore, I mean relatively speaking, and its goal is pretty ambitious. I mean, it wants to be a modern day bank that offers a range of services, and it's started off by selling tokens in which you could buy, it's called a governance token.


And you could buy the right to have a, some say in, in decisions that the company's making. So before the election, they had a really hard time selling those tokens because it was started off by Trump's sons and some of their friends who had some experience in the crypto sector, but there wasn't much, you know, motion behind it. So they only sold tens of millions of dollars in tokens initially. But once Trump was elected, suddenly, you know, there's the thought, oh, it's the gonna be the future president of the United States, this is probably gonna do well, he's gonna have the power to influence policy. And next thing you know, they sell $550 million worth of tokens and a large chunk of the revenue from those tokens is supposed to be going to the Trump family and their business partners.


So they, their services, their goals are to offer, you know, eventually offer the ability to deposit your crypto into World Liberty and to to borrow money off of it or to earn yield on it, or to, you know, use these, what they call the stable coins to buy and sell things. I mean, it's essentially gonna be a modern day bank. It's gonna offer a range of services. That's their goal. So far what they've done is to sell a governance token and a stable coin. What does President Trump and his sons Don Jr and Eric have to say about conflicts of interest regarding the president with this company? I mean, the, the White House has said to us the same statement each time we ask about this, that President Trump has no conflicts of interest because his sons are running this business and that he has divested of his interest to his sons of his corporations.


And he did sign a statement in January of 2017 when he, after his first, you know, term started in which he transferred control of his assets to his sons. And that is true, but the issue is that Trump is still the financial beneficiary of these companies. And so when he files his financial disclosure every year as he's required to do under federal law, we can see that the same entities that are earning revenue from the crypto business or from the hotel business or the golf business, or in the many businesses that he's in, that Trump himself is financially benefiting from them. Hasn't Trump said that he is immune from conflicts of interest? I mean, in fact, that is true. The president of the United States and the Vice President are the only two members of the executive branch that are exempt from a federal criminal law that makes it a crime to take an action that brings you or your family direct financial benefit.


I mean, so that's a criminal offense if you do that. If you are an employee of the federal government and you take an action that's specifically benefits your family, that's a federal crime, and you could go to jail for that. And the, the president is exempt from that because the president's powers are so broad. I guess the presumption is that, that you can't prevent the president from doing something that might benefit his family financially. But historically, despite that exemption, presidents from both parties have taken steps to avoid conflicts of interest by either selling off assets, putting assets into a blind trust in which they don't have any control or trying to avoid, you know, their family being involved in financial efforts that, that create obvious conflicts of interest.


Now there have been throughout history, relatives of presidents that have drawn attention because of their business activities. I mean, Billy Carter, the brother of Jimmy Carter, Neil Bush, the brother of George W. Bush, obviously Hunter Biden, the son of Joe Biden, have been engaged in business activities that have drawn assertions of conflicts of interest. And in many cases they were well substantiated. But in, when I speak with various historians who have examined these things, and as a reporter, I've looked at them myself, I've never seen so many simultaneous activities as we're seeing now with the Trump Sons and the, and President Trump himself through his financial benefits, as you know, as they're playing out right now before us.


So we talked about the Trump family cryptocurrency business, let's look at the Trump family real estate business and developments it's working on in foreign countries. Last month, Eric Trump visited Gulf States, including the United Arab Emirates and Qatar working on real estate developments there, and he met with Saudi leaders too. So if you could choose one of those real estate developments that Eric Trump was discussing and tell us about the potential conflicts you see there. Yeah, I mean it, the thing that really is problematic is when they are doing deals that involved government entities.


So for example, they have a business partner in the Middle East called Dar Global. And they've now, they now have six ongoing real estate projects with them, most of them in the Middle East, but Dar Global along with Eric Trump, the president of Dark Global was in Qatar on Wednesday of last week. And there they signed a deal that was financed by the government of Qatar and its Sovereign Wealth fund. And so that effectively means that the government of Qatar and, you know, and the wealth that gets from merely the natural gas and you know, the energy business is backed up the Trump family in a real estate deal that they're gonna do there. Now I spoke with Eric Trump about this and he says, well, the cutter is helping D Global with the property that it's getting access to, and our deal is with Dar Global.


But the bottom line is that that, that they are a part of this deal and that they were there and, and an official from the government of, of Qatar was there during the signing, standing right in front of Eric Trump. And to have this, the family of the president in a business deal with a foreign government at the same time as President Trump is about to fly over there and do foreign policy matters with various states in the Middle East, including Qatar, is, you know, well, what are his imperatives there when he makes a foreign policy decision? Is he doing it because it's in the interest of the United States or is he doing it because it helps his business interest in that same country? It's an open question. So what's the importance of American relations with that state, with that Gulf State?


What's at stake in terms of foreign policy? It's a very small nation. It's a peninsula that sticks out into the, the Gulf there. But it's a hugely important one, very wealthy nation. There's a large military base. It's the United States has more military assets there than just any place else in the Middle East, also in Bahrain nearby. But that's a very important place to the United States military. They also play a critical role as an intermediary between a number of the nations and the tensions that exist in the Middle East between Israel and Iran and Saudi Arabia and, and other nations. So there's a huge foreign policy agenda that involves that country. And so how are the United States foreign policy interest being influenced by the Trump family's financial interest?


Well, let's look at another example of a potential conflict of interest in the Gulf world. Liberty Financial recently made a deal to take $2 billion worth in cryptocurrency from an Emirati Venture Fund that's backed by the government of Abu Dhabi. This is all a little bit confusing, but very important. So explain what the potential problem is here In this case, you know, as World Liberty is launching at Stablecoin, you know, they overnight become one of the biggest stablecoin issuers in the world. And stable coins are one of the most profitable chunks of the whole cryptocurrency atmosphere because they can take this yield and keep it for themselves and the 3% yield that they get off of investing that, that stable coin.


So what happened here is that the government of Abu Dhabi, which decided from the United Arab Emirates, that they were gonna put money into another company called Binance, they decided they were gonna do it through World Liberty. So they were gonna deposit $2 billion into World Liberty, and that was gonna come from this United Arab Emirate Sovereign Wealth Fund, effectively. So, I mean, again, here you now have a, a Middle Eastern government that's gonna put $2 billion of its capital into a company that financially benefits President Trump and his sons at the same time that the United States has enormous foreign policy matters before the United Arab Emirates relative to, you know, maybe military sales of weapons, maybe whether or not they get access to certain advanced American computer chips that they need to develop their, their artificial intelligence industry, enormous, you know, choices that President Trump has to make.


How are they influenced by the fact that this same government has now put $2 billion into a company that his family runs and that is gonna bring him and his family tens of millions of dollars in, in revenues as a result? It's a kind of a conflict of interest. We really just, we have never seen before in probably all of American history, if not at a minimum modern American history that again, he's both the regulator and the commander in chief and he is the financial beneficiary of, you know, trades that are happening that he effectively oversees. So let's take a break and then we'll talk more if you're just joining us, my guest is Eric Lipton and he's been writing a series of articles about President Trump's conflicts of interest. We'll be right back after a short break.


I'm Terry Gross, and This is Fresh Air. At about the same time that Eric Trump was in the Gulf working on real estate and crypto deals, Don Jr. Was in Serbia and Bulgaria working on real estate deals pertaining to the Trump Family Company. So let's look at what's happening in Serbia. I want you to choose one of the projects that Don Jr was working on there and talk about potential conflicts. Yeah, Don Jr is in Bulgaria, Serbia, Romania, and in Serbia, for example, at a site that the United States bombed along with NATO during, during the Balkan war when Clinton was president.


The former Yugoslav Ministry of Defense has been sitting there as a sort of semi destroyed structure for decades now. And the president of Serbia and his administration have decided that Jared Kushner, President Trump's son-in-law should be allowed to build a, a luxury hotel and apartment complex on that site, which has sat vacant for decades. And that site would then have a Trump international hotel in Serbia, the first in Europe. And so at the same time that Eric Trump is in, in Dubai talking about new hotel and crypto projects, Don Jr is in Eastern Europe in the Balkans, and he's, he actually has dinner with the president of Serbia and the president of Serbia boasts on a Facebook posting that he's grilling a pig for Don Jr.


For dinner. And it's that president who has granted this concession to Jared Kushner and the Trump family to build a Trump international hotel in Serbia on, on property that's owned by the government. Serbia also has a lot of interest to the United States. It wants to get into the, the European Union, and it wants the, the United States to aggressively push Europe to allow it into the European Union because it has not yet been allowed and that would improve its economy. And the president in Serbia also has been facing intense protests in Serbia over issues relating to his management of, of the government there. And Donald Trump Jr's presence in Serbia is a, is a sign that he is supported by, you know, the president of the United States and the family of the President.


And so the president of Serbia is giving it a incredibly valuable concession to the Trump family. And the Trump family is effectively helping, you know, boost his standing in Serbia as he seeks to maintain control of the country. It again, that alone, it would be a kind of a headline grabbing conflict of interest that would demand, you know, newspaper coverage for weeks. But you know, here we have all of these things simultaneously happening, it's actually quite difficult to keep up with them all and to try to explain them all to the public because each one is so complicated, but also represents such a historic level conflict of interest. Do you think that's advantageous to the Trump family that it's complicated and there's so many conflicts it's hard to keep track?


I do. I think that it is, it's, it's hard to write about them all. It's hard to read about them. It takes a fair amount of energy simply to keep up and you, you, they all, they kind of all blur together and you know, they're happening simultaneously. Yeah, so I think, I mean, is it by design? I don't know. What I think is happening is that they are unleashed and they sense a moment of opportunity to, you know, pursue businesses that will generate profit for themselves and their family. And they are aggressively doing that and there's no restraint on that pursuit. And, and so that's, that's what, what's playing out right now. Okay. I hope I'm not adding the to the confusion here, but I'm gonna ask you about one other potential conflict.


And this is in Bulgaria, another country that Don Jr. Visited in April. He appeared on stage with somebody named Anton Treche, co-founder of a crypto firm named nexo. Tell us the story about that Though. Nexo was targeted by the Securities and Exchange Commission during the Biden administration for violating federal securities laws. And it, it, it paid a large fine and it then withdrew from the American marketplace. So then in the last, you know, couple weeks, Don Jr was invited to be the headline speaker at a, an event that Nexto was sponsoring there in Bulgaria. And there on stage was, was Don Trump Jr.


With a huge portrait of him, you know, as he was speaking and, and talking about, you know, the Trump administration and US issues and, and the crypto business. And, and then this, the co-founder of the company announces, wow, Donald Trump Jr. Is there, that they're going to re-enter the United States marketplace, that they've already been having meetings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and that, that America has re-embraced crypto and that we're coming back to America and we're here with Don Jr to celebrate, you know, our return to the United States. So he's, and, and John Jr. Is being paid to be present as they relaunch their crypto business in the United States, and they push out press releases and photos of that event. So there's the mixing of a financial interest and a regulatory matter and it's, it's, it's, there's so much happening simultaneously, how do we possibly keep up with it and explain this all to readers?


So let's get to something else that's a potential conflict. And this is something brand new called Executive Branch, which is like a pri it's a private club in Washington DC Tell us about this club and what you need to do to become a member of it. So the club was announced a couple weekends ago, and Donald Jr was actually in the Balkans in the Eastern Europe at the time, giving his paid speeches and, you know, visiting with the Serbian president where they're gonna build a hotel. But at, while that was underway back in Washington, he's the part owner of what's called the executive branch, which is gonna be a new private club that's opening in Georgetown at a expansive space there for, at a club that recently shut down.


And in order to be a member of the club there, there's a $500,000 membership fee and news reporters will not be allowed in there. The public will not be allowed in there, but effectively it's gonna become a modern day Mar-a-Lago like the Trump family have in, in, you know, in Florida, or like the Trump Hotel in DC used to be before they sold that, after Trump left his first term where, you know, there will be a gathering of Trump family members of their friends, including among the other partners are Don Junior's venture capital partners from a company called 1789. And another founding member is Jeff Miller, who's a, a lobbyist that got more than 35 new clients since the start of the Trump administration.


He represents an incredible array of, of regulated industries. And David Sachs, who is the White House AI and crypto advisor is also a founding member. So already you've got a, a White House advisor, a lobbyist, the Trump family, and Don Junior's venture capital business partners that are helping either founded or own it. And this is gonna be a place of confidential meetings. And now, when I spoke with the representatives for Executive branch and I spoke with a lawyer and several other folks that are associated with it about this, they say that this is a social place for people to gather that they will not be disrupted because the Trump people are often not welcome in a, in a liberal city like DC and that all this is is about a, a safe place for people to gather and relax, but it also is certainly gonna be a place where there will be influential people who will have, you know, unusual access to Trump affiliates.


And I have to imagine it's gonna be a lot like the Trump Hotel or Mar or Mar-a-Lago is right now. And, and Don Jr owns a chunk of that now that Donald Trump, the president does not actually as far as I know, own a stake in in the executive branch, but his son does. And it's gonna be fascinating to watch this place, although we're gonna have to watch on the outside because we aren't gonna be let in. David Sacks, a founding member in executive branch who I believe is also a crypto advisor to President Trump. He described this private club executive branch as a place for younger hipper Trump aligned republicans to gather. And I'm trying to think how many young hip Republicans have $500,000 to join a private club?


Young $500,000. Yeah, I mean there are a lot of venture capitalists, Silicon Valley types that, that put large amounts of money into President Trump's reelection campaign and many of them associated with the crypto industry that are so anxious to see him adopt, you know, this cryptocurrency regulatory environment that embraces crypto. There're gonna be a lot of members from that environment. And David Sachs is sort of the, the leader of that whole crew. He himself came from the crypto industry, he was an investor. So I mean, I suspect it will be a pretty crypto heavy hangout place and those folks are, are quite wealthy. And you know, Jeff Miller, one of the lobbyists represents a company called Tether.


He was recently hired by Tether. Tether is the largest stable coin issuer in the world, and it's trying to become a bigger player in the United States marketplace. So I mean, all of the things we've been talking about are gonna be playing out inside this clubhouse behind closed doors and, you know, and then Donald Trump Jr. Is essentially gonna be making money off of it. Let me reintroduce you here. My guest is New York Times investigative reporter Eric Lipton, and he's written a series of articles about President Trump's conflicts of interest. We'll be right back after a short break. This is Fresh Air. So some of the people involved with the Trump family businesses have, shall we say, interesting backgrounds of, for example, Zach Folkman and Chase Hero, two of the partners in the crypto business world, Liberty Financial, the Trump Family Company.


Tell us about their background. They are kind of serial entrepreneurs, you might call them. They have been trying to pursue a bunch of different business interests over quite a number of years, and they've had a number of unsuccessful efforts. They tried to start two different crypto companies that one of them was subject to a, you know, a an inappropriate release of some of its funds. Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR, a show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken.


Listen to nvs. Wait, wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts. This message comes from DSW, where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour, the boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging and evangelicalism Time travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR. Another one went outta business. They also were selling everything from a colon cleanser to, you know, a a way to meet hot girls, a website to give, you know, advice for how to meet hot girls. And so they were not your usual business partners that you would expect to see the Trump family align themselves with.


And they, they got introduced to the Trump family through Steve Witkoff, who is President Trump's Mideast advisor who's helping attempt to negotiate peace in the Middle East and also, and Steve Whitcock is also trying to, you know, work in Russia relative to the war in Ukraine. His son, Alex Whitcoff is one of the investors in World Liberty and World, and they brought in Zach Folkman and Chase. Hi. Who are these two individuals who'd had a series of business efforts that have interesting Providence. One of them came up with a kind of pay for play idea. Can you describe that?


That deal, As we were investigating the startup of World Liberty, we heard from several crypto companies that Zach Folkman using the nickname of ZMoney, was sending signal messages out to cryptocurrency executives around the world saying that if they would give World liberty perhaps $15 million worth of an investment that World Liberty would use its clout and the Trump family name to buy their token and bring them international attention. And the executives we spoke with were in several cases felt that that was the deceptive transaction that was making it appear as if the Trump family and World Liberty had independently decided that it should invest in their token.


And they de declined that offer because they felt that it was the, just the kind of thing that the cryptocurrency industry should be attempting to avoid in which it's not an arms late transaction. And so that's what we learned that Zach Folkman was doing as World Liberty was trying to raise money. And we do know that there were multiple partnerships formed with cryptocurrency companies, but we spoke with three of them that were offered these kinds of terms and that turned it down. Yeah, because it sounds like we're gonna bring you credibility with the Trump name and international attention probably would raise the price of their crypto coin, right?


It did what in fact, once these partnerships were being announced, there were short term spikes in the price of almost all of the companies they invested in. So they had the ability to drive market decisions by making that investment and they knew that. So what they were saying is, okay, if you give us $15 million, we'll buy like $12 million of your token and we'll keep $3 million as part of the Deal. Yeah. So it looks like it's a vote of confidence in that other company's crypto, but it's really in part a way of making money for the Trump family crypto Business. Yeah. Behind the scenes there was, there was money that was being exchanged and there was no public transparency about the financial relationship between the parties.


Right. One other crypto thing I wanna ask you about, which is using meme coin, which is basically like a souvenir, it doesn't have like financial value, it's more like a collectible than a coin. Is that fair description? Yeah, that's right. Yeah. So the Trump family crypto business used meme coin as a way of raising money in return for access to the president. Would you describe that plan? Yes. Yet another in the, in the crazy roadmap of, of things that we're trying, we've been trying to examine is that there are two crypto companies that the Trump family has started recently.


The second one is selling a meme coin, which is something like a collectible, it's like a Beanie Baby or a baseball card. And you, you buy it and it has a certain value. And so the day before Trump was inaugurated, he announced that he was issuing a new meme, coin Dollar signed Trump, and it, it overnight it became one of the most valuable meme coins in the world. And of course in this case, yet again, the Trump family owns most of the, the stockpile of the meme coins that are being issued there. And it also is gonna make transaction fees off of it. So every time that mean coin is bought and sold that it gets a small chunk of money. And now in order to continue to drive up the price of that mean coin, President Trump announced recently they're gonna have effectively an auction where whoever owns the most of these meme coin tokens will have the privilege of having dinner with President Trump at his golf club in Virginia later this month in May.


And the people who, among the 220 that, that have the, the people at the top of that list will actually also get to make a visit to the White House. So I mean, again, it's like this is how can, I can't even like imagine that, that the president of the United States and his family are, are doing an auction that is now playing out as we sit here to, to be able to, to buy more of their crypto token and to bring money to the Trump family in exchange for getting access to the President. So it's for his personal benefit, it's not a campaign contribution, it's to personally enrich the family of the president. That's happening right now. In addition to all the other things that we've spoken about that's playing out with the meme coin And the invitation said that it will be the most exclusive invitation in the world, a chance to have a quote intimate private dinner with Trump at his members only golf club in, in Virginia.


But is like exclusive and intimate private dinner appropriate words to describe a dinner with 220 people. Yeah, well that's, I mean, you know, if, if anything, you know, Donald Trump is an incredible marketer and brand builder and, and he's marketing and brand building and he's been doing that for decades now. And that's what he's doing here again. So Trump used his, his properties, his hotels, and Mar-a-Lago in ways that profited Trump in his first term. And he's doing that again in the second term. And a good example, which is something that you wrote, wrote about a little earlier, is when the Saudis held their Liv golf tournament in the US in Florida.


And Liv is like the Saudi rival to the PGA, the Professional Golf Association, which, you know, runs this really important tour and championship in in the us. So how do Trump properties tie in to the rival Saudi live tour and championship? So the Liv Golf is backed by the Sovereign Wealth Fund of Saudi Arabia and it, they've spent an enormous amount of money trying to create a competitive league to the PGA and in the United States, the, the Trump family has been one of their most important partners. And so for the, the fourth year in a row, they have had a, a tournament now at the Trump Dorell in, in, outside of Miami, not far from the Miami Airport.


I was there for the tournament this year. And, and so, but this is the first time that Trump has been president of the United States in the White House. While there is a Saudi funded golf tournament at his club in Florida in the, in the previous years he was in the private sector. So whatever, it doesn't really matter. But now you have effectively the Saudi Sovereign Wealth Fund, you know, paying money to the Trump family while Trump is president of the United States. And United States has massive foreign policy interest with the Saudi Arabia. It's thinking about selling them F 35 fighter jets. It's thinking about giving them nuclear technology to help them build their nuclear industry.


And so what I saw when I was down there at, at Trump Durrell and I there on the golf course was the governor of the public investment fund of the Saudi Arabia. He's effectively runs more capital than just about any place anyone else in the world. You know, hundreds of billions of dollars. And he is also the head of live golf and he was there on the golf course as the tournament was getting started. And, and also, and Eric Trump was there as well. And I did not, Donald Trump had been there the night before I got there. So it's another conflict of interest. You have the Saudi Arabia paying money through Liv Golf to the Trump family at the same time as in the next couple weeks, President Trump is on his way to Saudi Arabia to talk about foreign policy matters.


Okay. Time for one more break. Let me reintroduce you if you're just joining us. My guest is New York Times investigative reporter Eric Lipton. He's written a series of articles about President Trump's conflicts of interest. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air. So we've talked about a bunch of conflicts or potential conflicts of interest in involving President Trump. And in terms of reaction, Democrats are trying to block a bill pertaining to cryptocurrency that would stand to benefit the Trump crypto company, the Trump family crypto company. Do you have any sense of what the democratic strategy is to try to block that bill?


Yeah, I mean it's something that's just developed in recent days and several of them actually cited our stories as a factor in it. That's, That's why I asked. Yeah. And so I think that they are demanding that the Republicans give them some concession. This Message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr. This message comes from Google. The spirit of innovation is deeply ingrained in America and Google is helping Americans innovate in ways both big and small. The Department of Defense is working with Google to help secure America's digital defense systems from establishing cloud-based zero trust solutions to deploying the latest AI technology.


This is a new era of American innovation. Find out more at g.co/american Innovation. Know that fizzy feeling you get when you read something really good. Watch the movie everyone's been talking about or catch the show that the internet can't get over at the pop culture happy hour podcast. We chase that feeling four times a week. We'll serve you recommendations and commentary on the busiest movies, TV, music, and more from lowbrow to highbrow to the stuff in between. Catch the Pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR. And I, I do suspect that there will be a resolution of this and that I know that there are conversations on ongoing right now between the Republicans and Democrats in the Senate to try to see if they can reach a resolution because there's a lot of Democrats that are supportive of trying to help the cryptocurrency continue industry, continue to mature in the United States.


And there are, I think that there are, there are some Democrats who really wanna see the President's family banned from actually participating in the stable coin industry. And that's a bigger ask that I, I sort of wonder whether or not Republicans, I doubt that Republicans would agree to that there could be some modifications made in, in the legislation that would tighten language around anti-money laundering that's more likely to occur. But what's clear is that the Democrats sort of see this as a, an important moment to pause and to use the clout that they have because you need at least 60 votes to, to get something called cloture to move ahead on debate and to vote on a legislation in the Senate.


And they're using that clout to kind of, to, they see this as a moment of opportunity to raise some of these issues to and to, and to demand potentially some concessions from Republicans. And, and that's, that's playing out as we speak. Do you have any expectations about what the next step is gonna be for Democrats pertaining to the Genius Act? Well, as we record this right now on Tuesday, the House Financial Services Democrats had planned to stand up and walk out of a house hearing as a form of protest to go to do their own hearing in which they're gonna open an investigation into Trump's crypto conflicts.


They're so frustrated that there has been so little scrutiny of it, they, and not, and little response from Republicans that they're going to have, you know, kind of a, a show by walking out today and and demanding that this be investigated. So the, the Democrats clearly have decided that this is an issue they want to engage on and that they want to try to elevate the national awareness of this issue. And, and that's happening on a daily basis right now. So what was your reaction when you found out that Maxine Waters had read out loud one of your articles about Trump crypto conflicts of interest? She read it out loud before a house financial services committee hearing It, it was great.


And of course it's sort of cool to have a member of Congress read a story that you wrote. But you know, what was most important to me is that there be more accountability and transparency. And I think that happens when people are aware of what's happening and her reading it helps increase the awareness. And that's really what we're doing here by writing about these things, is trying to make the American public and really the world more aware of the conflicts of interest that we're seeing and that we're trying to document. Eric Lipton, it's a pleasure to have you back on the show. Thank you so much and thank you so much for your reporting. Thank you. Eric Lipton is an investigative reporter for the New York Times.


While we were recording our interview yesterday morning, a senate subcommittee opened an inquiry into quote Trump crypto corruption. Hours later Senate Democrats introduced the end crypto corruption act, which would ban the president, vice president, senior executive branch officials, members of Congress, and their immediate families from financially benefiting, from issuing, endorsing or sponsoring crypto assets such as meme coins and stable coins. Tomorrow on Fresh Air, we'll talk about how technology now shapes every aspect of parenting from our online identities to the pressures of sharing our lives in real time.


Our guest will be journalist Amanda Hess, author of the new book, second Life, having A Child in The Digital Age. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our managing producer is Sam Rigger. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers Ri Dondo, Lauren Zel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cho, Susan Yadi, Anna Ab Bauman, and Joel Wolfram. Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Neper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Mosley.


I'm Terri Gross On the Indicator from Planet Money Podcast.


We are here to help you make sense of the economic news from Trump tariffs. It's called in Game Theory, a trigger strategy or sometimes called grim trigger, which sort of has a cowboy esque gr to it, To what exactly a sovereign wealth fund is for Insight, every weekday listen to NPRs the indicator from Planet Money On the next through line from NPR For the presidency, I'm indebted to Almighty God. I'm in charge of the country and I need to serve all the American people and not just the political machine. The origins of the modern Civil service listen to throughline wherever you get your podcasts.