(1s):
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, NA member FDIC.

(16s):
This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross, as part of Saturday Night Live's 50th anniversary celebration This year, tonight, NBC will premier a documentary highlighting the music guests and music comedy sketches that the show has featured over the decades. It's called Ladies and Gentlemen, 50 Years Of SNL Music. It was co-directed by my guest, Grammy winning musician and Oscar winning documentary filmmaker Amir Questlove Thompson. He's the co-founder, leader and drummer of the Hip Hop Band, the Roots. It's the House Band for another late night show, the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. Before Questlove talks about the movie and how SNL has influenced him as a musician and late night band leader.

(1m 1s):
Our TV critic, David Bian Cooley, is going to review the film along with a documentary series that's also part of the 50th anniversary celebration. That series is streaming on Peacock. The two new Saturday Night Live documentaries come from filmmakers who bring their own interests and perspectives. NBC's, ladies and Gentlemen, 50 years Of SNL music comes from a me Questlove Thompson, who's both a musician and a music historian, and the four part SNL 50 beyond Saturday night. Now streaming on Peacock comes from Morgan Neville, who's as interested in the creative process as he is in letting people tell their own stories.

(1m 42s):
Questlove in his movie length study minds the archive of a half century of musical performances, as well as the emergence of hip hop and other genres into the show and the culture. Some classic performances are run full length. Others are sampled in cleverly compiled montages and mashups. It's such a solid, well-selected overview that I can think of. Only one SNL music performance I really wish had been included. Paul Simon, backed by Lady Smith Black Mambazo on their thrilling 1986 rendition of Diamonds on the Soles of her shoes. But Questlove covers a lot, not only infamous appearances by Elvis Costello, Cine O'Connor, Ashley Simpson, and Kanye, but even comedy sketches and videos built around music.

(2m 31s):
The infamous in a Box Christmas song with Justin Timberlake and SNL cast member Andy Sandberg is deconstructed. So is another classic SNL musical moment featuring guest host Paul Rudd and musical guest, Beyonce Timberlake tells how that got on the air with Timberlake Sandberg and cast member Bobby Moynihan as her music video backup dancers. Partway through Timberlake's account, we hear the start of the actual single lady's sketch. Andy texted me and he said, Hey, are you in town? I said, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm in the city. He said, Bobby, win ahead. He has this great idea for Sketch about you, me and him being Beyonce's background dancers for single ladies that never made the cut.

(3m 15s):
She's gonna be the musical guest this week. I was like, full like leotard. And he's like, yeah. And I was like, oh, this is too funny. Like, we have to do this. She was very polite about it, but she was very hesitant. And when I say hesitant, I mean like she was not having it. Beyonce. Oh my gosh, I, I'm so psyched that to do this new video with you. Me too. But you know, there's this one thing I haven't met the other dancers. Are we gonna have time to rehearse? Oh, look, don't worry about the other dancers. B town. I handpicked them myself. These guys are pros, These guys. I'm like, does she know how funny this is gonna be? Like how beloved this whole moment will be. So I said, bring, bring me the leotard.

(3m 56s):
So I put the leotard and the heels and the hose on and everything and I put a, a robe on and I walked in and I knocked on her door. I walked in and I threw the robe down and I put my hands on my hips and she was like, no, you didn't. Morgan Neville's SNL documentary series is broken into four episodes. Each one looking at a different aspect of the show and its history. The first one looks at the original audition tapes by many of the people who tried out for SNL with those same people watching and reacting to their younger selves. Some scream, some cringe, some cry, some like Pete Davidson laugh, But I'm not good at sex, you know?

(4m 38s):
'cause you know, I wasn't raised in a brothel. I'm 20. Like I don't, I'm not good at it. I don't understand why my girlfriend gets mad. She's like, that's it. I'm like, yeah, like, did you expect like, you know, any good guitar players that have been playing guitar for a year? Another episode spends a week observing how an installment of SNL is created by following the process from start to finish. Mostly from the point of view of the writers. A third episode gets even more laser focused, spending an hour on a single sketch. And it's a brilliant choice coming from the midway point of the show's 50 year run. It's the sketch recording session featuring guest star Christopher Walken and cast members Will Ferrell, Jimmy Fallon, Chris Parnell, and others.

(5m 24s):
You may know it better by the name most associated with it. Moore Cowbell. It's a sketch walken and feral elevated after the dress rehearsal by going all out in character. The sketch was set during the recording session for Blue Oyster cult's 1970s hit. Don't fear the Reaper Ferrell plays a very loud cowbell and Walken portrays the track's. Very enthusiastic music producer, Jimmy Fallon remembers Christopher Walken for air. Upped his game. He was almost doing an impersonation of Christopher Walken. He was talking like no other human being would talk ever. Alright, Here we go.

(6m 4s):
Fear, don't fear the Reaper. Take one. Rolling. Alright, 1, 2, 3, 4. Once the sketch began on the live show, Ferrell who had written it knew they had connected big time with the studio audience are, Are you sure that was sounding okay. I'll be honest, fellas. It was sounding great, but I could have used a little more cowbell It as soon as he delivers that first line, I could use a little more cowbell. I could a little more cowbell. And that gets a huge li I'm like, oh, they're in, they're in. Oh, goody.

(6m 44s):
There's more coming In this new recounting, we do not hear from Christopher Walken himself, which Dana Carvey says is writing character for him. Carvey even slips into character as Walken to make his point That keeps his cool factor here. Yeah. That he's not gonna, yeah, not gonna go down memory lane. Let the work speak for itself. The final episode of Neville's documentary series hones in on one, seemingly random, but ultimately seminal year, the 19 85 86 season, when executive producer Lauren Michaels, who had left the show after its first successful five year cycle with the original cast, was asked back by NBC executive Brandon Tartikoff.

(7m 29s):
SNL was in free fall. And the common wisdom was that Lauren never would return to a sinking ship, but he did. When Brandon was trying to get me to come back in 1985, Hello, I'm Brandon Tartikoff, president of NBC Entertainment. Someone said, you know, you've already done Saturday Night Live, somebody who wants to be you. Does Sunday Night Love? And I thought, oh, right. Well, I kind of enjoyed being being me. It's one of the few times in either documentary we hear from Michaels. Clearly he prefers to let the cast and crew and the shows speak for themselves, and they do.

(8m 9s):
Tina Faye and Amy Poer among others tell some really great stories. There may not be enough screen time given to some SNL veterans in their stories from Bill Murray to Kate McKinnon and Sarah Sherman. But there are an awful lot of laughs and memories and music and insights and just the right amount of cowbell. David Bian Cooley is Professor of Television studies at Rowan University in New Jersey. The Morgan Neville documentary series, SNL 50 is streaming on Peacock, the documentary, ladies and Gentlemen, 50 years Of SNL music will be broadcast tonight on NBC and we'll start streaming on Peacock tomorrow.

(8m 50s):
It was co-directed by my guest, Amir Questlove Thompson. He's the co-founder of the hip Hop band, the Roots, which is the house band for The Tonight Show. With Jimmy Fallon, who is a former SNL cast member, Questlove has become one of Fresh Air's most frequent guests because he does so many interesting books and movies. In addition to his work with his band on and beyond The Tonight Show, Questlove actually has two new documentary films. The second is about Sly and the Family Stone is called Sly Lives, AKA, the Burden of Black Genius. It premiered over the weekend at the Sundance Film Festival, and we'll start streaming on Hulu, February 13th.

(9m 31s):
We'll talk about that documentary in the next few weeks. His 2021 documentary Summer of Seoul about the 1969 Harlem Cultural Festival won an Oscar for best documentary. Amir, welcome back to Fresh Air. It's a pleasure to have you back on. Thank you For having me. Were the roots ever on SNL? You know, it's weird. I've been on SNL in every configuration except for the one that I want to be on, which is actual music guest. Like I've been a punchline on Weekend Update. I've been part of a Timothy Chala ma sketch, I've been mentioning monologues.

(10m 11s):
I've been in like a lonely island sketch. But I guess one could say that my dream, one of the main reasons why I was excited to be on The Tonight Show, like 16 years ago when we first got offered the position, I was like, great, this puts me within like one degree of the Brass ring, which is, you know, doing SNL. So, you know, kind of funny how I'm a part of that ecosystem almost in every way, but the one way I want to be, which is like musical guest one day. But you know, the Roots are working on their 17th album right now. So, you know, I'm still hanging on to my dream. Good.

(10m 52s):
So do you think that the Saturday Night Live band, particularly in the Paul Schafer era, though, i, I don't know what era you started watching. I assume it was Paul Schafer The very beginning. So my Saturday Night Live obsession really starts with, you know, the, the, the epicenter of my entire music world is Soul Train. And it just so happens that, you know, for most of America, especially with Soul Train in its prime, you know, everyone has a Saturday afternoon, 12:00 PM cleaning the house, watching Soul Train experience. But in Philadelphia, kind of weird, my Soul Train experience was always at one in the morning.

(11m 38s):
And so I parents that were very forward thinking, very cool. And of course I'd have to be in bed at like 8:30 PM So whenever like the love boat theme starts, it's like Gotta go to bed. Not with that deep voice, but yeah, basically gotta go to bed. And the agreement was that be in bed at eight 30 and then at 1230, midnight we will wake you up and by 1230 we can update is over for SNL. And then their music guest does two songs. And so I would go downstairs, turn on the tv, watch the two songs from SNL, whoever the music guest was, and then Soul Train comes on at one in the morning, and then I'm in bed at 2:00 AM and up for church at seven 30 in the morning.

(12m 26s):
That's pretty much like my life from like five until maybe 11. Then Soul Train started coming on like in the afternoon, but I never stopped watching SNL. So I, you know, I was there from the very, very beginning. It was, it was nothing like it. I, I know that's the cliche that you're gonna hear a lot about this 50th anniversary, but there, there was truly nothing like it on television. One of the questions that you ask both cast members and people behind the scenes at SNL is, can you hum the SNL theme? And so I wanna play the attempts to hum the theme and then talk to about It. Yes. Okay.

(13m 21s):
And I can't hum the theme either. Hey, no one can. Well, so I, I immediately went to the actual theme and I, I wanna, before we hear it, I wanna challenge our listeners to just pause and think for a second if they can hum the theme. Now let's play the theme.

(14m 2s):
Well, you know what I realized listening back, which I hadn't ever really thought of before. What there isn't a melody. I mean, yeah, it's, it's like you're coming in in the middle of an improvisation. It's the most iconic, nondescript theme song. And kind of in my, that, that was my first realization back when I would pretty much any Saturday that the roots aren't touring and they're taping. I'm in the audience watching. And that to me is one of the most humorous things ever. Like, wow. Like, you know it, well, you, you know it when you hear it, you know, that's SNL, but no one can, it's a feeling.

(14m 42s):
It's, it's almost like it's the last theme that offers a feeling, but not any evidence of it. I don't know, it's like trying to put water in your pocket or something like that. Like it's, it's abundant, but it's not, it's whatever you want it to be. Now you wrote the theme for The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. Yes. And it's almost as if, to avoid people saying, I can't hum the theme, you and the band actually kind of hum Scott, the theme. Well, the weird thing was, it was by accident. You know, our very f that that theme for the Tonight Show, the infamous, Hey, hey, hey, hey. Song was literally, we were making, we were kind of making fun of Santana's so cool.

(15m 31s):
And, you know, it was like, we were just sound checking. Like, we literally got, there was like our first day on the job and they were like, all right guys, play something. And we just started, you know, mocking a, a Santana song and just started singing a whole bunch of, Hey, hey Haze. And then attempted to write about 19 themes, none of which Jimmy liked. And at the end of the thing he heard the song we were mocking. It was like, that's the song. We're like, well, no, we're just messing around. Like, that's not a real song. He's like, yes it is. And so that wound up being the, the song, it's, it's Ear Candy. But I admire the fact that SNL for 50 years has been able to provide a feeling without necessarily melodic evidence to it.

(16m 17s):
Okay. Let's hear a little bit of your theme, okay. For The Tonight Show. So having gone through 50 years Of musical guests, what's one of the performances that had a big impact on you when you were a kid and had to be in bed at eight 30, but you managed to watch Saturday Night Live? I will say that, you know, the first five years was pretty much, you know, SNL, the role of SNL was, that was our YouTube, that was our viral video.

(17m 4s):
For me, that was the one place where I could watch. At the time, I think my all time favorite artist was Bill Withers. You know, there really just wasn't a show in which you can see actual musicians playing. I mean, you could watch American Bandstand or Soul Train where they might be lip syncing occasionally on Soul Train, they play live. But, you know, back then it was Slim Pickings. Either Friday night you watched Midnight special, sometimes rock concert would come on like Sunday nights. But basically SNL was just a, it was, it was a rare moment in which you got to catch a really cool band. So even like Devo coming on, like, I was eight years old when they did the Jocko Homo song.

(17m 51s):
Are we Not Men? We are Divo. And like me and my cousin's minds were blown, you know, so practically any group that came on in the first five to six years, I was an instant fan of One of the things that you highlight in the SNL documentary is the role of SNL in the world of hip hop. And tell the story of how Deborah Harry basically broke hip hop on SNL. Okay? So Saturday Night Live is the first time that America and the world will get to see what hip hop culture is. The very first rap performance on TV is when Debra Harry hosts the show in 1981 and brings on a Sugar Hill act called The Funky Four Plus One More.

(18m 39s):
And she took a liking to this group, even though there were other popular groups at the time. Like there was Grandma Flash in The Furious Five and the Sugar Hill Gang both like platinum hits and really music and culture changing songs at the time. But she took a liking to this group because it was similar to Blondie, a band that had a woman in the lead of it. And so she took a liking to them. And for me, that's such an SNL move where, you know, those first 10 years, it, they weren't about, well, who's the most popular person to bring ratings in? It was always like the cool factor. Like, okay, who's the most popular person now?

(19m 21s):
Who's the person under that person that we could give a boost to? And that's like a prime example of how cool, how the, how SNL always had their finger on the pulse of, you know, who's next. And you know, as a result, come 20 years later, a lot of those first time acts, you know, your, your, your early hip hop groups, like, you know, them getting run DMC before run DMC was run d run DMC, or them getting Prince before Prince was Prince, or The Talking Heads or Divo, whoever. Like a lot of those risks that they took in the first 10 to 15 years, those guys will wind up being like the household names and the fiber of, of the mainstream once SNL becomes the mainstream instead of the underground.

(20m 9s):
So, but yeah, with, with Deborah Harry using her power to bring attention to a culture that no one knew about, like that, that is a prime moment of the SNL effect and how it builds American entertainment culture. My guest is Amir Questlove Thompson, his film, ladies and Gentlemen, 50 years Of SNL music premiers tonight on NBC and starts streaming on Peacock tomorrow. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm Teri Gross and This is Fresh Air.

(20m 43s):
This message comes from Capella University. Learning doesn't have to get in the way of life. With Capella's game changing FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your own schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to earn your degree. Instead enjoy learning your way and pursue your educational and career goals without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.

(21m 14s):
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, na member FDIC.

(21m 30s):
This message comes from Carvana Finance, your next car, the convenient way with customizable transparent terms all online, make your budget work for you and swap hassle for convenience with Carvana.

(21m 44s):
Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross, host of the show. One of the things I do is write the weekly newsletter, And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week and exclusive. So Subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning. Some of my favorite parts of the movie are the stories about things that have gone wrong, followed by clips of showing what went wrong and how it really, really shocked everybody behind the scenes.

(22m 29s):
Right? And one of those stories is Elvis Costello. So, you know, he does one song during dress rehearsal that I guess he and Lorne Michaels had agreed on, right? And then he stops it after a few bars. Let's hear what happens. Here's Elvis Costello in the dress rehearsal. We did a song that was on my first album, but I thought it sounded a little too slow. It was a medium tempo song and I didn't think it was exciting enough. And I realize the show is live. We can do anything we want Calling Mr.

(23m 14s):
I'm sorry ladies and Gentlemen. There's no reason to do this song here. When he stopped the hubbub in the studio was like, oh my God, oh my God, what's gonna happen? You can hear it. Radio, radio one, two With the Elvis thing. I was sitting with Dan Aykroyd. Oh, on a home base, you're just watching them. I, oh, I think we we're being hijacked. I, All of this stuff, it builds up in legend in the retelling, but I didn't come out there to give a political lecture, you know, I came out to kind of shake it up as we finished the song.

(24m 7s):
The initial reaction in the moment was, I think we better get outta here somewhere in it. Somebody said, in anger, you'll never work on American television again. But the idea I was banned from television is nonsense. That's such a great story. I love it. And I think you made a good choice. I love both songs. Patty, you think you made the right choice? He Made the absolute right choice. And you know, that's the thing about SNL is there's a risk factor involved. And usually it starts with no, like Eddie Murphy talks about, I did not want to do Hot Tub with James Brown.

(24m 51s):
Justin Timberlake goes on and on about trying to convince Beyonce to, to do the single lady sketch. Like everything starts at no. And it's like, wow. Like you almost talked yourself outta history. And I'm trying to get people in the mind state that, you know, oftentimes we, we get in our own heads about why something won't work and sometimes you just gotta take a risk and you never know. This might be part of the American fiber, the history of it. But also, I know people have so many questions about what happens on a live show if something goes wrong. Like for me, one of my favorite clips is the Ashley Simpson moment where you hear the directors freaking out 'cause they don't know what to do.

(25m 34s):
Should I go to commercial? What do I do? Well, no. Describe what happened. Well, you know, Ashley Simpson had a sore throat and was a little iffy about her singing. So she opted to lip sing instead. And her drummer, who's controlling all the music, accidentally plays the wrong song for the second song. And he In fact, plays a song that we already heard as the first song. Right, exactly. So everyone in the audience knows this is wrong and there's no way of covering that up. Well, yeah, I mean, they could have just patiently just stopped the song and start it all over again as if nothing happened. But, you know, she infamously does a weird dance and runs off stage kind of humiliated, and they go to a commercial.

(26m 18s):
It just so happens that Oz Rodriguez, my co-director of this documentary, said that, you know, they, they also have the audio recording of the production room, like what was happening at the time. And for me it was so hilarious to hear the, the producers and the directors inside of the control room. It, it sounds to me, it sounds like a bunch of teenagers that stole their parents' car in San Francisco. And then the car is like, the brakes just give out in a San Francisco hill going down a hundred miles per hour. Like what do we do? Oh no. Oh no. You know, so I, I love showing like, not how the sausage is made, but you know, you get to see what's under the trunk.

(27m 1s):
And that to me is the most fascinating part of SNL. Like how, how it's able to happen every week without fail. Let's hear some of what happened behind the scenes. Uhoh on A Monday Rock song, wrong song They play And it was just like, you know, those old movies of two locomotives hitting each other full Bore. What are we doing? I don't know, she should sing People running in and outta the studio. And it just seemed like the, the show came to a screeching halt And the rumors were after that.

(27m 45s):
I think there were two rumors after that, if I remember correctly. One was that, oh, she really can't sing. So not because of a sore throat, but because she's not capable of singing live and therefore they had a have her lip sync. And the other rumor was, oh, there's probably lots of acts that are really lip-syncing. Well, you know, the thing is, you know, we went through this like 10 years before with Millie Vanilli, you know, the kind of, this is what I call, this is what I call the post thriller effect of 1982, where suddenly your music video became the most important way to sell the song. And you know, it came to the point where if you're in concert fans expect whatever you did on your video, you would have to surpass it.

(28m 33s):
And, you know, because Michael Jackson's introducing this whole idea of like, not only do you have to sing the song, but you have to sell the song, dance the song, act the song. For most people it's hard to, it's hard enough just to sing it, but also to sing and perform or dance or whatever you have to do there, there, you know, there since the eighties, there have been options on how to sell the song without you giving up your voice or whatever. And so, I mean, kind of the lip singing aspect has been a thing since the early eighties, but for me as a musician, that's just a fact of life. But for a lot of people there, there's a smoke, a mirror, a aspect to it.

(29m 15s):
And I guess with that Ashley Simpson performance, you know, most of America found out that half their favorites kind of do that. Like it's just the standard really. I don't wanna pop any more balloons than I have to, but it's just, again, like from the artist that I talk to, it's like they, they might get in their heads that, you know, if I move too much and I'm out of breath, then I, I won't be able to hit the notes like I, I normally do. And you know, I think people, again, the thriller effect is it must be perfect. And I'm kind, I'm kind of from the school of warts and all, like, I love seeing the warts, I love seeing the, the pimples, the, the mistakes.

(29m 58s):
Like to me, that's the human touch. And I think people need to trust that more. Like, you know, things don't have to be Instagram filter Perfect 24 7. So I assume that what they're lip syncing to is a live performance that's not the record. You know, okay. For them, there's, there's some people, you know what, there's a few artists that are smart enough that will maybe do eight specific takes of a particular performance so that you're under the impression that they are, you know, what's up Detroit, how y'all doing? You know, like they'll, they'll go that far. Like I know artists that will do like 10 or 20 versions of a song to sort of customize or not get caught out there.

(30m 44s):
But I think just in the name of presenting a, a perfect package, that's what people go through. But So you're, you're talking about in concert right now, right? Yeah. In concert or most, you know, I'm, I'm on television and I'll say that 90% of of, you know, it's very rare for a person to just go 100% live. Like I'll say that on the Tonight Show, 85 to 90% of what you see is, is a, a perfected delivery. Like in their minds it's like, I must sell the song to sell my album. And so they don't wanna leave risk or or to chance any, you know, any flub that would make you say, Nope, I don't, that note was flat, so I'm not supporting that group.

(31m 27s):
So yeah, that's kind of where we are now in, in entertainment. Well, you still have one mystery for me, which is how do singers manage to sing when they're doing this elaborate workout with their choreography when you're gonna be outta breath? Exactly. So pretty much it's, it's just par the course. Like it's, it's always been that way. But when I go to SNL, yeah, I'm, I'm entertained by what I see, but I'm not sitting in the audience just to watch Saturday Night Live. Like for me, the best part of the show is what happens in the commercials, like watching the teamster guys and the, and the crew guys like if furious pace in two minutes, like build an entire set while, you know, they're quick, the artists are quick changing in the back and well, they make it in two minutes flat.

(32m 18s):
And to me that's, that's the best part of the show. Like watching the choreography of a well-oiled machine. My guest is Questlove his film. Ladies and Gentlemen, 50 years Of SNL music premiers tonight on NBC and starts streaming on Peacock tomorrow. We'll be right back after a short break. This is Fresh Air.

(32m 40s):
This message comes from NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory and HR into one platform. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at netsuite.com/story.

(32m 58s):
Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air up. First. NPR News now. Planet Money, TED Radio Hour throughline, the NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcasts you can enjoy sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.

(33m 22s):
This message comes from Instacart, this cold and flu season. Instacart is here to help deliver all of your sick day essentials. Whether you're in prevention mode and need vitamins, hand sanitizer, and that lemon tea your nana swears by, or you're in healing mode and need medicine soup and a lot more tissues, simply download the Instacart app to get sick day supplies that reinvigorate or relieve delivered in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders, excludes restaurant orders, service fees and terms apply.

(33m 56s):
So, you know, we were talking a little bit about how you ended up being the band leader of The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. Did Paul Schafer or any subsequent band leaders influence your, like how you wanted to be both as an individual and as a band on on the Tonight Show? Absolutely. So even though Paul Schafer was the first generation SNL late night band, when Paul went to the David Letterman show, which, you know, I will say the, the David Letterman talk show, especially in its first 10 years, it was such a kind of eighties counterculture moment.

(34m 50s):
My parents always felt that those guys were hip, even though they were like totally nerdy. They kind of liked the, the, the irony hip, the nerdy hip of, of Paul and, and David Letterman. And so as a kid I just, you know, Paul was just like the coolest guy ever. And so, you know, I mean, at the time I, I didn't realize as a 10-year-old that, you know, someone were to come to me and say, you know, young man in 35 years, that will be you on television. Like I, you know, like my, my version of, you know, a Christmas story, you know, like my my Jacob Marley.

(35m 35s):
But to me, when I was offered the late night thing, when you're doing the pros and the cons of it all, yeah, in my head I was like, wow, you know, this is, this is my chance to be the Paul Schafer. But Paul's very unique. I'm, I'm not, I'm definitely not the Paul Schafer, the Tonight Show. Like, you know, Paul and David almost have this, this run DMC esque finish each other's sentence kind of camaraderie going on. I'm, I'm not there with with Jimmy yet, but you know, I've, I've made my mark still. So several of the people who have been music esque on Saturday Night Live talk about how nervous they were the first time around, or the only time around.

(36m 16s):
And one of them is Dave Grohl who talks about how his first appearance with Nirvana, he was so nervous, he played so hard. He said, when I get nervous, I play really hard that he broke like a drumstick within 20 seconds and a little while later broke through the skin of one of his drums. But I wonder if that's something you have to deal with on The Tonight Show. Do you ever have to calm down guest artists who either get nervous in front of an audience in general, or just get nervous 'cause they're not really used to, you know, national TV All the time? I can tell what type of artists we're dealing with based on how late the camera blocking the rehearsal the day of is, and kind of a way that artists handle that control issue is usually with time.

(37m 7s):
Oftentimes we'll get an artist that will drag their feet, you know, they're, they're, it's now 10 minutes late, it's now 15 minutes late. And you know, artists don't understand like blue collar and white collar office politics. Like, hey, we're a union group and we have to take an hour break at this specific time. And, you know, things that they don't generally get, you know, art artists is sometimes in their own ecosystem, their own world, their own bubble where they're not thinking like, oh, am I going over union time? Like, we might have to do lunch and a half, or, you know, like things that only office people understand. And I learned long ago, like, this is why I'm really big on micro meditation and you know, just sitting in a, a, a, a quiet room for like 10 minutes before I go on.

(37m 59s):
Because sometimes you have to just calm yourself down so that you can really focus on what you have to do. But a lot of times artists are in their own heads and they often talk themselves out of, you know, the, the magic because they're, when you're worrying, you're almost praying for something bad to happen. Like that's my definition of worrying, like, oh, I hope I don't mess up. You're basically saying, Hey, I would like to mess up just subconsciously. So as a result, most artists will stall, take their time, be an hour late, be two hours late, not show up at all, hijack their career in the name of fear.

(38m 43s):
And as always, like once you do it, then it's like, oh, that's all it was. No big deal. But, you know, I, I'm, I'm used to it 'cause I've been doing this for a couple decades, but oftentimes I'll, I'll pull in the artist to the side and just be like, okay, I want you to listen to my voice. I want you to inhale, exhale. I do that a lot to them, especially the new artists that are like nervous and scared. You can't say, don't worry about, it's no big deal. It's just national tv. No. See there people in their heads and you know, it's, it's a tight rope walk and I get it. Like, it's easy to think like, what if, what if, what if I fail? What if this doesn't work? What if no one likes me?

(39m 25s):
But, you know, there's another side of that coin which is like, what if this works out? What if everyone loves me? You know, again, leading to the slide doc, one of, one of the biggest themes is, you know, there's, there's a fear. There's a fear of failure, but the bigger fear is actually the fear of success. Like what if it does work? Amir, it's been so great to talk with you. Thank you for being such a regular guest on our show. It's really, it's a joy. Thank You. Amira Quest, left Thompson's new film, ladies and Gentlemen. 50 years Of SNL music is part of SNL's 50th anniversary celebration. It premieres on NBC tonight and starts streaming on Peacock tomorrow.

(40m 7s):
There's a part two of that interview in which we talk about another new Questlove documentary about Sly Stone and his band Sly and the Family Stone. It's called Sly Lives, AKA, the Burden of Black Genius. It just premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and we'll start streaming on Hulu February 13th. We'll feature that interview sometime in the next few weeks after we take a short break. Ken Tucker will review Ringo Star's new album. This is Fresh Air. It still feels a bit surreal to me that I got to spend an hour talking with filmmaker David Lynch in the last year of his life. Life is such a gift and can be enjoyed and it's all okay.

(40m 50s):
Nothing to worry about really. I'm Rachel Martin. My conversation with the legendary filmmaker David Lynch is on the Wild Card podcast, the show where cards control the conversation. On NPRs Wild card podcast comedian Michelle Buto says she's glad she ignored the people who told her to lose weight. I'm just gonna show you what it looks like to love my body. My double chin, my extra rolls. Okay, my buckets of thighs sauce on the side. You can't afford it. I'm Rachel Martin. Michelle Buto is on the Wild Card podcast, the show where cards control the conversation. Matt Wilson spent years doing rounds at Children's hospitals in New York City.

(41m 32s):
I Had a clip on Tie I wore Healy size 11. Matt was a medical clown. The role of a medical clown is to reintroduce the sense of play and joy, and hope and light into a space that doesn't normally inhabit Ideas about navigating uncertainty. That's on the Ted Radio Hour podcast from NPR. Ringo Star has released a new album of country songs called Look Up. It's a collaboration with Producer t-Bone Burnett, who wrote many of the songs and it features appearances by Allison Kraus and a new young bluegrass star Billy Strings. Ringo recently taped a country special that will air on CBS in the spring and in February he'll make his debut at Nashville's Grand Ole Opry.

(42m 16s):
Not bad for an 84-year-old ex beetle rock critic. Ken Tucker has a review of Look Up. It is a long way down and there's no bottom. You had the you in the keep your eyes on the don't look down on the shadow.

(42m 58s):
Look Up Beatle fans have known of Ringo Star's love of country music ever since he had the Fab four cover. The Buck Owens hit act naturally in 1965 singing a rare Lead Vocal Look Up Isn't even Ringo's first country album. That was way back in 1970. It was called Boku of Blues and was more self-conscious and lugubrious than the new one, which radiates the confidence and ease that an aging professional can bring to his material. Every time I think about you, I never wanna live without you and I.

(43m 49s):
When I see you on the, the spirit flies to my heartbeat heart with the and I breath loose. While Producer t-Bone Burnett has written most of the music here, he and Ringo have selected some clever new songs, including a couple by an old pro Billy Swan. Swan will forever be known for one beautiful number one hit I can help. From 1974, Swan's always charming songwriting yields this lovely interlude called You Want Some, You Want song, you Want song.

(44m 41s):
The Deep down in my heart Is Where it all comes from. You Want What makes Ringo such an effective country vocalist? Well, the rhythmic sense that made him a great rock drummer, guides the way he phrases giving a country lyric the air necessary to breathe life into the story it's telling freed from the demands of rock and roll volume. When singing with the Beatles, Ringo's crooning possesses the kind of relaxed authority that usually only a genius like Willie Nelson or Ray Charles can make sound so easy.

(45m 32s):
I used to have a true love, everything was fine. But now she's found a new love. She's no longer mine. I thought it was forever, but she had all the plans. Now these arms are empty. Now I've got time on my hands. I turned my collar up, kept my eyes turned down.

(46m 18s):
I walked the empty streets, the blue side of town when she was my baby. I was a man, but she slipped through my fingers and I've got time on my hands. Ringo spent a good chunk of his post Beatle career fronting a series of what he calls his all-star bands with a rotating cast of rock stars. The 11 songs on Look Up feature Les Glitzy, but no less strong support from Nashville Vets like Bassist, Dennis Crouch, pedal steel player, Paul Franklin and younger budding stars like Guitarist singer, Molly Tuttle, and Bluegrass guitar phenomenon.

(47m 8s):
Billy Strings Strings is most recent album released late last year. Highway Prayers has brought him a larger audience than Bluegrass usually attracts tracks. The biggest guest star on this album is Alison Kraus, with whom Ringo hits an emotional peak on this collection called Thankful Friend to help me along. I needed somebody here to help me sing my song. Now I have good days, I'm changing my and it's a beautiful day here in California.

(48m 1s):
And when you came shelter from the Storm, I put my life into your hands and you made me a better man. And now I'm thankful for the love you show you. Look for me. Never known peace and love. The gratitude that Ringo expresses on Thankful is what has made him such a beloved figure.

(48m 43s):
He always came across as the most modest Beatle, grateful he'd lucked into being a member of the most influential rock band in history, but his underrated talent, his quietly persistent hard work over the years. It's all contributed to the strength of this collection in which Ringo Star emphasizes the value of simple, straightforward sincerity. Ken Tucker reviewed Ringo Star's new country album called Look Up Tomorrow on Fresh Air. Our guest will be Harvard professor and MacArthur fellow Imani Perry. Her new book is called Black and Blues, how a Color Tells The Story of My People. Perry's last book, south to America won the National book award for nonfiction in 2022.

(49m 28s):
I hope you'll join us. Our co-host is Tanya Mosley. I'm Terry Gross When you go. This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder and CEO Ron Russon shares why Saatva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At Saatva, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful, to make sure you make the right choice. To learn more, go to SA tva.com/npr.