
NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org. This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross today. Amir Quest, love Thompson is back to talk about the life and legacy of Sly Stone.


Questlove's new documentary called Sly Lives, AKA. The Burden Of Black Genius is about the impact of Sly Stone and has band Sly in the family stone on music and culture. Sly got his start as a dj, a record producer in the early 1960s formed a multiracial band with his brother, sister, and other musicians and went on to record hits like Everyday People dance to the Music Family affair and Stand. Their music influenced Prince George Clinton and Funkadelic, the Ohio Players Earth, wind and Fire, and many hip hop artists. The film also covers the problems that came along with fame and drugs that took slide down.


It premiered at Sundance last month and starts streaming on Hulu Thursday, February 13th. Questlove is the co-founder of the Hip Hop Band, the Roots, which is the house band for The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. If you feel as if you just heard him on our show, you did when we talked about his other new documentary focused on Saturday Night Lives, music guests and music sketches over the past 50 years. That one's called Ladies and Gentlemen, 50 years of SNL Music. Quest love's 2021 documentary Summer of Soul, featuring performances from the 1969 Harlem Cultural Festival won an Oscar for Best documentary. So let's talk about your slide documentary.


I really love this film. I wanna start with a song and it's their first big hit, it's Dance to the Music. It's so catchy and I'd like you to 0.1 out. What makes this song special in its moment, which was 1967 or eight. This is 1968. Okay, so what makes this song so special in its moment? Sly will invent the alphabet for which most of pop and r and b or black music will write from for, you know, the next 60 years. Like we're still writing from his dictionary to this day.


And so, okay, we have a four minute song to make. How many micro songs can we have in this particular song? In other words, a typical Sly and Family Stone song has a bunch of elements that will grab everybody. Like most songs will just have one specific hook. Like, this is the course, this is my hook, okay, here are my lyrics. Instead, sly will do a four, a four bar part that's like earworm, you know, like, that'll grab you and then he'll do another four bars that will grab someone else. So, you know, lyrically and melodic wise, his, his formula is also the world's funkiest nursery rhyme music.


If, if look, look, look at everyday people, his number one hit Everyone knows Everyday People, everyday People is basically the schoolyard version. Like the, the, the lyrics of that song, the melody of that song is basically schoolyard taunting y. There is a black one who doesn't like, and his, his whole thing is like if it can appeal to a kid, to a first grader, then melodically you have them and rhythmically his, his rhythm section, Greg Rico and Drums, and Larry Graham on bass specifically Larry Graham's right thumb are probably the two most revolutionary aspects of Slys music.


And that's because Larry Graham is a bass player who used to play in bands without a drummer. So as a result, he would have to hit his bass in a very specific way so that you could feel the rhythm because there's no drummer there. And of course, once he's in the Sly system, he events kind of a thumping plucking thing, which I guess most, most of your listeners will probably be familiar with. The way that the Seinfeld theme sounds or the way that flea plays in the, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, like with his thumb, Larry Graham from Sly and the Family Stone, AKA Drake's uncle.


Oh really? Literally. Yeah. Larry Graham is, is, well, you know, Drake's name is Aubrey Graham. Drake's father is Larry Graham's brother. Anytime I show this movie to someone under the age of 30, they're like, wait, is that Drake's father? I'm like, no, that's his uncle. 'cause they look alike. But yeah, he, he revolutionized a way to play bass. And so, I mean, pretty much he just invented the idea of like ear candy, like a whole bunch of micro ideas inside of one three minute song. And that's the genius of Sly Stone. Alright, thank you for that. Let's hear Dance to the music.


I am, and I So that the dancer just won If I Throne.


Yeah, listen, So that was Sly in the Family Stones, 1968 hit dance to the music and the, the drumming is so infectious. It's like, it's hard not to move. Yes. When, when you hear that and it's, it's not fancy. So what people don't know is that Sly basically considered dance to the music.


Like his sellout song. Sly released this really intelligent debut album called a Whole New Thing, which is probably my favorite album of his entire cannon. But it was way too wordy, way too smart, way too nerdy, just so ahead of its time that only a certain few latched onto it. And the rejection of that album kind of depressed Sly. And his and his label said, look, you know, like you, you're, you're, you're doing way too much. You know, you're doing way too much. You gotta simplify it. People aren't as smart as you are. Like, instead of you being the smartest guy in the room, be a relatable guy in the room.


Like people just want to dance to the music. And kind of in a very bitter scoff way, like he was like, all right, well then people want to dance to the music. Fine. And so he, he did a very sarcastic thing. And so he's like, all right, well people wanna dance to the music, fine. I'm gonna make a song and I'm gonna teach them how to dance to my music. And essentially dance. The music is an instructional introduction on who we are. Hey, I play the bass, do do, do I play the drums? I play the keyboards. And literally that's the song. There's no, there's no lyrics to the song. It's just a sing-along. But what Sly doesn't realize is that in his very sarcastic, bitter, middle finger type of way, he includes everybody and people grasp to it.


And so it dance to the music is one of those accidental number one songs that he didn't intend on catching on. It was more of like a, just a bitter here, you guys want, you know, regular food instead of this, you know, meal I cooked up for you, fine, take your sandwich and get outta here. And people gravitated towards it. So, but There's a lot going on in that song in including like the, the kind of scatting part. Yeah. So what he includes is, you know, a very, you know, the drum beat that is played there is kind of a precursor to what we will call four on the floor. And 10 years later, four on the floor will just be, you know, whereas in the sixties, four on the floor means that the snare, the kick and the high hat are all doing, you know, it's, it's teaching your body how to dance to it.


10 years later, they'll take the snare and the high hat away and it'll just be the kick boom, boom, boom, boom. And that will be the disco rhythm, you know, or what we call boots and cats boots, cats boots, cats boots and cats. So Sly will basically kind of give you the prototype of what will be the disco pulse in the late sixties. But, you know, he's, he's writing the blueprint of what modern dance music will be in 10 years. But then he also does a lot of things that become beats for hip hop artists later. Yes. So again, like Sly believes in micro examples, like, you know, another artist will, will make one hook, one melody, one lyric, you know, like just one thing where Sly will probably try to cram in seven ideas at the same time.


Like, sly puts a lot of attention to Harmony, which is a church thing. So that makes people feel comfortable, like, oh, they went to church 'cause they sing Harmonious. But then Sly knows the importance of unison, unison singing is where everyone sings in the same register. So like, you know, think of the idea of like when Billy Joel's piano Man comes on, you know that that's the type of song that you hear in a bar. And you know, everyone sings together as they hold their mug of beer and, you know, sing along. So that, that's, that's a very inclusive type of thing. So when everyone's singing in the same key without harmony, it's not intimidating, like the worst singer and the best singer can unify.


So he knew the power of unison singing, which is included, and harmony singing, which is a spectacle and type of dance rhythms and innovative bass. Sounds like just every new idea that was unexplored in 19 67, 68, and 69, sly was the pioneer and the first person to do those things. So I wanna play another s slide track and talk about it with you. 'cause I found the film so interesting in really pointing to specifically what makes Slys music so interesting and catchy and why so many people kind of, as you put it, use his vocabulary.


So I wanna play everyday People 'cause this, this has significance in a lot of ways. I mean, Slys Band is made up of black and white musicians, male and female musicians, and everyday people speaks to inclusivity. So can you talk about that a little bit in terms of the types of music that are drawn on in Ali's music and the kind of inclusivity that he represented within the band? And in some of his lyrics, Slys role, Vernon Reed of Living Color, kind of painted that, you know, this marks the first time that a black singer is kind of stepping out of the roles that we were traditionally playing.


You know, before Sly, it was like you were strictly singing about love songs, in particular about relationships. You really weren't giving any commentary about everyday life or things that are relatable in the present to the, the artist, you know, to the audience that you're serving. It's almost like music before Sly was almost kind of a, a fantasy, if you will, like a, a means to escape your present situation. And Sly kind of uses his music as a means to sell humanity. And everyday people's a a great example where he is essentially saying that, Hey, like I breathe air like you do, I bleed Like you do.


I, there's some things that we have in common, there's some things that we don't have in common, but we're all the same person. And sometimes especially, you know, during that period, during the civil rights period, especially with that time in which Martin Luther King has died and Malcolm X has died, and Mecca Evers has died and the Kennedys died and kind of the dream of the civil rights period died, that kind of messaging at the time seemed very necessary for, you know, there, there was questions in the air, like, what do we do now? So slide kind of accidentally inserts himself in the leadership position, kind of in the name of just trying to find relatable content to his lyrics because, you know, a lot of his music is, is very self confessional and very relatable kind of in a way that, you know, Dylan was also affecting music with his, you know, with his songs at the time.


And I guess Sly Wound Up being the unofficial spokesperson for, for Black people. Well, let's Hear Everyday People. And this is from 1969 And I, So that was Everyday People, which as you pointed out, has a kind of nursery rhyme part to it.


Yeah. Then Resident. Yeah. And that has, like I said, the message of inclusivity and togetherness. But as someone in your documentary points out that alienated a lot of black listeners in the sense that, you know, police were beating up black people, which of course you could say today as well, but it was a very, it it was, and also like Black Power was, was becoming a thing. It was risky. Yeah, it was risky because again, this song is released right on the, the, the edge of the razor. Like, I mean, there's always a time in American history and you know, today is no different.


There's always a time in American history where we're just right on the edge, right on the precipice of like, you know, a kind of explosive end result, you know, and for someone to sort of come in waving a proverbial like white flag, that's a risky thing because, you know, one, we do see the evidence of the abuse that's given, but it's also like, who's going to be the first person to kind of come to, to half court, you know, to the 50 yard line? Who's gonna, who's gonna cross the aisle and, you know, start a kumbaya moment and sort of dismantles whatever conflicts that we have.


And that's, that's the role that Lys music played. Whereas, you know, the messaging of his music was always encouraging, always, you know, a cheerleader of, of justice and a cheerleader of positivity. And unfortunately, even though the music spoke of that optimism inside, he was sort of falling apart at the seams because there's a pressure of, or a burden, which is why we call it The Burden Of Black Genius. There's, there's a burden when one puts themselves in that position where they often have to come up with the solutions or the answers to why society is the way it is.


My guest is Amir Questlove Thompson. His film Sly Lives AKA, The Burden Of Black Genius will start streaming on Hulu Thursday. We'll talk more after a break. I'm Terry Gross, and This is Fresh Air.


Hey, it's a Martinez, a lot of short daily news podcasts. Focus on one story, but sometimes you need for up first on NPR, we bring you the three top world headlines every single day and under 15 minutes because no one story can capture all that's happening in, on any given morning. So listen to The Up First podcast from NPR.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR


These days, there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week, we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR.


Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air, and this is Terry Gross host of the show. One of the things I do is write the Weekly newsletter, And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning.


Well, you know, on the same album as Everyday People, his message about inclusivity, he has the song stand. That's, that's a message to take a stand, stand up for your rights, you know, demand your rights, and that, that resonated a lot within the black community. Stand proud. Yes. Yeah. So talk, talk a little bit about that song and why you think that song is important musically and in terms of the message of the lyrics. Ah, so basically Sly makes the song stand and he completes the song and he has a, a kind of a test pressing demo made of it. And, you know, he takes this, this, this, this record demo to Whiskey A Gogo in, in Hollywood on Sunset Boulevard, which was, you know, the, the nightclub of the moment.


And he gives the DJ the 45 to play and the DJ puts it on, you know, it's like a proto disco in 1969 where teenagers are dancing in the club and you know, the teenagers did are dancing and the song ends. And Sly was like, really disappointed. He's like, man, like the song didn't hit the way I wanted it to. And at the time, the girl that he was with was like, well, you know, you didn't put a a a get down part in. And he's like, well, what do you mean? He's like, you, you gotta have a part in the song that just like wakes people up and makes them want to like really get down. And he's like, oh, get down part.


And so he leaves the club that night and around one in the morning he calls the band together and says, Hey, we need to add something to the song that really just wakes it up out of nowhere. So kind of in the last minute and 15 seconds of the song, this, this, this tension building kind of structure of the lyrics comes to this feverish like climatic end where the song totally changes from what it was to something totally, completely different. And he creates a, a getan part, what we will now know as a breakbeat, you know, the part of the song that sparks magic that makes people really want to dance and get down to it.


And I kind of think that was Slys nod to the black community, you know? 'cause by that point, sly was such a pop hit, but he really didn't have much numbers on the board for his black audience. Like when he first came out, the box, his white audience immediately latched onto him. And sometimes I know with certain black artists, even though it's unspoken, one of the burdens of black genius is sometimes like the burden of being white people's favorite black person. You know, that's, that's often like kind of a, a mark of shame. Like, ah, man, I, I gotta get right with my people first before the rest of the world loves me.


So I almost feel as though in a sort of code switch way, he wanted to add a part to that song that really made black people say, oh, okay, he's still down with us. You know? So he adds this really funky part at the end that really solidifies his genius. So let's play that transitional part. So we hear some of the main song and then we hear what it transitions to at the end. Try to make you and know what you well, mind, mind.


So that was Stan, which is on the same 1969 album as Everyday People. And those two songs have a kind of contrast, like I said before, inclusivity and like stand up for your Rights. And at this time it's a catchy song, but it's also like a message song. And the Panthers, the Black Panthers who are very active at this time, it's 1969, become really interested in Sly. And there's this really interesting part of the movie that talks about how the Panthers said, you need to join our group, or you need to donate a hundred thousand dollars to our group to which sly responds, gimme a reason. Yeah. I mean, the thing is, is that one of the burdens, especially with black success, is that, you know, you might lose yourself.


And oftentimes like it, look, I I'll be very honest with you, even though my experience with Summer of Soul was one of the most magical transformative moments of my life, there were, there were many a time where, you know, besides the Oscar, like there were like 40 other awards that I won also in the circuit of film festivals. And you know, by the 20th, I would, I would tell my managers there, I'm like, man, like, can we pull out of some of these things? Like there's a fear of winning because if you're too successful, then you're singled out.


And being singled out for positive reasons or negative reasons is such a nightmare for most black people. And yes, in this case, why? Because you're gonna be separated, like for a lot of black people, it's, you come up in the neighborhood, you know, your next door neighbors, you spend the night at your cousin's house, and then in the snap suddenly, you know, I'm, I'm a Macaulay Calkins character staying at the Four Seasons Hotel, like by myself in the lap of luxury. And that's an alienating feeling because you can't take everyone with you, you can't save everyone.


You know, I grew up in a neighborhood in which I had between the two neighbor, you know, my grandmother's house and my house. Like I had, I had 30 plus friends, and now it's just four of us. Like I'm one of four who's not dead or in jail. And so there's, there's a constant like, why me? Why was I chosen, my cousin was just as smart as I was, and that person plays drums better than me. Like they should have been in this position. Like there, there's, there's an imposter syndrome thing that happens and just a, a feeling of guilt that one feels. And you know, the, the Panthers sort of approach slims like, okay, well, you know, you're, you're talking about these political subjects that we're about, so we want you to be our leader and fund our movement.


And Sly fundamentally doesn't necessarily agree. Like, he's not that revolutionary, even though he has the ability to channel in the feeling of a revolutionary. So what winds up happening is for every time the pressure's on Sly to prove his blackness, the more success he gets. He just winds up, his only answer is to create blacker music. So, you know, the, the pressure of, of everyday people leads to stand, and then the pressure of stand leads to basically the, the ribbon cutting of funk, the very first funk song, which is Thank you for letting me be myself again.


You know, it's, it's kind of like this, this brilliant deflection thing, like his version of, Hey guys, what's that over there? You know? Huh? It may turn around and then like he's gone. Instead he'll just say, here's an even funkier song in the blue that I'm super black. You know? And that's, that's kind of how he gets out these situations. He, he has to performatively become more blacker in his music, you know, and to the point where the pinnacle of it will be his fifth album, which is there's a riot going on, which every critic salivates over that album. Like, oh my God, it's the most amazing funk album ever.


Yes, it's the very first funk album, but for me it's probably 41 of the most painful documented minutes in a, a, a creator's life. Like this is clearly someone who is an unwilling participant in his journey. Like, I hear someone crying for help, but because the music is so awesome and so mind blowing, you know, we wind up fetishizing his art and you don't see the pain of it, or the fact that black pain is so beautiful, like the sound of Aretha Franklin's voice, like, yeah, we'll say like, it's so soulful.


So, but no, that Aretha Franklin's voice is, is the sound of a woman who never had a relationship with her own mother, whose mother rejected her. And when you hear her beautiful voice, that's, that's the sound of pain. So somehow, you know, a lot of black music that we love, you know, the, the sound of Ray Charles' voice, the sound of Stevie Wonder's voice, the sound, what we're really getting off on is, is their pain, which it, I'm guilty of it, but, you know, it's problematic and it's also a pleasure, you know, and I, I feel guilty that sometimes I, I get off on someone's pain.


Yeah. But that isn't a, isn't that, because we all have pain and we like music that understands pain and puts our pain into something beautiful. We do. But see, here's the problem with that though. One of, one of my mentors who passed away, writer Greg Tate, he wrote a book called Everything But the Burden. And what that essentially means is that oftentimes black art, black pain, it's just so beautiful that oftentimes, you know, we'll take everything, we'll take the dancing, we'll take the fashion, we'll take the lingo, we'll take the singing, we'll take everything, but the burden and the pain that it takes to reach that level of art.


For me, one of the best examples, every time I dj there's, there's a song by James Brown called, it's a New Day. And probably three minutes into that song, James Brown does a level of screaming that is beyond just ad-libs. Like, every time I DJ this song, like I, it's so awesomely, danceable and funky, but also like so painful to hear because you know, James Brown is a person that was an orphan that grew up in a brothel. His mother gave him away, his father gave him away. So that feeling of rejection, he had all his, all of his life, all that pain is coming out in this song. And, you know, that's kind of the thing.


It's, it's everything but the burden that, that's kind of the empathetic way that we wanted to paint this story. That, you know, 'cause people often just say like, wow, he, he had everything and he was a genius, and then he chose drugs. And for me Yeah, I I hear you. Yeah, Yeah. For me it's like what happened in his life that made him want to choose drugs. And that's the question that no one could answer. Like, especially like when I interviewed Clive Davis, and Clive has a history of, you know, there's Janice Joplin, there's Whitney Houston, there's Sly Stone, there's, you know, all these artists that have sort of famously succumb to darker demons.


And, you know, I kind of asked him like, well, you know, it, I think it's more than just like, oh, he was hanging with the wrong crowd and, you know, chose cocaine instead. And when I asked him like, what circumstances do you think that he was going through during that period, he was on your label that you might not have been aware of. And this is definitely not just a story of Sly Stone, this is a story of anyone I've ever worked with. This is the story of Frank Ocean or, or Lauren Hill, or Dave Chappelle, Kanye West, like anyone who's ever been mired in trouble. Anyone you ever ask, like, why are they doing this? Like everyone goes through this.


My guest is Questlove. His new documentary about Sly Stone is called Sly Lives, AKA, The Burden Of Black Genius. It'll start streaming on Hulu Thursday. We'll talk more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


Since Donald Trump took office in January, a lot has happened. The White House Budget office ordered a pause on all federal grants and Loans. The impact of the Trump administration's tariffs is already being felt in Circuit Trump's efforts to radically remake the federal Government. The NPR politics podcast covers it all. Keep up with what's happening in Washington and beyond with the NPR Politics podcast. Listen, every day


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time Travel with us every week on the Throughline Podcast.


From NPR


Short, thinks of science as an invisible force showing up in your everyday life, powering the food you eat, the medicine you use the tech in your pocket. Science is approachable because it's already part of your life. Come explore these connections on the Shortwave Podcast from NPR.


So to illustrate the point that you were making about pain and music, let's listen to Family Affair, which is a song about, you know, kind of what you're saying, that one person does really well and other people in the family don't. And there's a lot of pain within the family. So this is family affair, sly in the Family Stone, It Grows up to be somebody they just loves To learn.


Another child grows up to somebody you just love To learn. Mom loves to, you see, it's in the blood. Both kids are good. The mom blood sticker in the mud, it's a family of affair. Family's a family of That was Sly and the Family Stone.


My guest is Amir Quest, love Thompson. His new documentary about the group and about Sly in particular is called Sly Lives, The Burden Of Black Genius. So, you know, we talked about this a little bit. The subtitle of your film is The Burden Of Black Genius. And your theory is that for black artists in America, success can be more terrifying than failure for the reasons that you described. What do you think the burden included for Sly? Like what, what were the personal burdens in his life in addition to being singled out and how singled out can mean removed from your own people? What are some of the personal burdens that you think he also shouldered One to the pressure of writing game changing music.


You know, sly iss the first person to, to use a drum machine, sly iss, the kind of the pioneer of the bedroom, do it all yourself, musician, you know, there's, there's the pressure of feeding the machine, of writing the hits of, of keep winning. You know, there, there's the idea of what you are versus who you really are. You know, as the generations go on, like Sly was unable to do that, and when he drops the baton, there was someone in the wings waiting to pick that baton up. And at the time, that person was 12 years old and that person's name was Michael Joseph Jackson.


So Michael Jackson will wind up pick, picking up the baton of what should have happened to Sly. And then 10 years later in 1982, Michael himself will go through that same process of being the chosen one, being the God, being the unifier, being the center of attention. And then suddenly he'll just wind up on a kind of a, a hamster wheel of chasing perfection. And this happens to everyone, this Prince Whitney Houston. It's that level of pressure that one puts on themselves, you know, and there's just no space for humanity in entertainment, but especially in black entertainment.


So I, I I feel as though now's the time to have that conversation because I feel as though, especially with black people, we are now in a space where we are open to things like the discussion of therapy and mental health. I wanna pick up on that because I think that genius is often accompanied by or fueled by some kind of mental health issue, whether it's OCD or bipolar disorder, that there's something within you where you are wired to not necessarily be happy, but you are wired to do music or, or painting or, or writing or, and like, you kind of have no choice.


But, but, and there's even been like studies about this, you know, that, that you can have some kind of mental health issue and that is often, you know, self-medicated with drugs. And, and, and I'm not, I'm not trying to deny any of the things you said about how black artists have a burden that white artists don't. So I, I'm just trying to add, Well, yeah, this, this, this became a, a serious point of contention with, you know, kind of me and the Disney organization and, you know, the, the, the idea of like, well, is this the burden of genius or The Burden Of Black Genius? The difference between Black genius and regular genius is that, you know, most white artists aren't, their feet aren't gonna be held to the fire of, you know, remind yourself that you're, you're, you're Italian, you know, make sure you, you keep up your, your German roots and Put some Yiddish in that song.


Yeah, exactly. Like there's, when you have black success, nine times outta 10, you're gonna go in the history books because it's just so pioneering and you better make us proud and you better not mess up or embarrass us. I think right now we're just starting to have that conversation about how do we feel inside, you know, our humanity. You talked the last time you were on a show about the importance of vulnerability Yeah. And how it's time to talk about vulnerability and express vulnerability. So these next six projects I'm working on, this will be the common denominator.


I I touch on this in the Earth, wind, and Fire Dock, which comes out in September. And with Sly, it's, it's also about humanity and, and vulnerability, which, you know, is sometimes just way too risky to figure out will you get penalized if you are oversharing too much, because some people might not be able to handle it. My guest is Amir Lov Thompson, his new documentary, sly Lives AKA, The Burden Of Black Genius will start streaming on Hulu Thursday, February 13th. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum, from A quality standpoint, is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry About Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts. A couple months ago here at Planet Money, we stumbled across our favorite kind of economic mystery. Jeff, what is this A deal that seemed way too good to be true? What I'm seeing here At least is that it's very high Clarity. Join us on our adventure. Talk to me, show me what you got to find out exactly how much a diamond is worth Planet money from NPR, wherever gets your podcasts.


You talked to us ly, and I don't know how much he participated in the movie, but how would you describe him now? He's in his early eighties. He's clean, he hasn't used drugs and I'm not sure how long, but he's off of them as far as I can tell. So yeah, he's been clean for about, kind of close to a decade, and that's why we called it Sly Lives. Like the irony of all this is that all of his disciples unfortunately didn't make it, but yet Sly is still with us. And for me, like the, my favorite part of that film is when his kids describe what his life is like now.


Like, I love the fact that Novena caramel from KCRW in LA says that, you know, like he loves pizza with pineapples on it. He loves, you know, watching old westerns. He loves driving new cars. The first time I saw Sly Drive, he was driving a very unusual, I don't know what kind of car that was, but just the fact that he has an everyday normal existence. Like he plays with his grandkids. Like he, he's just a, a, a normal guy, which to me, that speaks volumes. Like to be normal, to be human, you know, not, not to be the scary black guy, not to be the the oversexualized person, but just a normal, relatable, everyday person.


To me that's the dream. Amir, it's been so great to talk with you, and I just like all these projects you're doing, it's really remarkable. I really look forward to the Earth, wind and Fire movie now. Well, whenever I do a press run, this, this is one of my favorite highlights. And you know, I'm so glad that for the last 20 plus years, like this has sort of been like the, the springboard for my, my projects coming out. And I thank you for receiving it. Amir Questlove Thompson's new film is called Sly Lives, AKA, The Burden Of Black Genius. It will start streaming on Hulu Thursday, tomorrow on Fresh Air.


My guest will be Sebastian Stan. He's nominated for an Oscar for his performance as Donald Trump in the film The Apprentice, and he won a Golden Globe last month for his role in a different man. We'll talk about his early childhood and communist Romania and his path to the US and acting, including his performances in multiple Marvel movies. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our managing producer is Sam Brier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers and Rebel Dondo, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Chalen, Susan Kudi, Anna Bauman, and Joe Wolfram.


Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Mosley. I'm Terry Gross. If you want me to stay, I'll be around to be available for you to see. And then you'll never, I got to be, you'll never. That's what it's all about. You can't take me for granted and smile.


I promise I'll be gone for a while. When you see again, you have been the kind of person that you really are now, how could I ever be late?


Singapore is one of the busiest cities in the world, but biologist Philip Johns is fascinated by a different inhabitant on the island. Otters. At rush hour downtown, the otters would swim toward each other and there're literally tens of thousands of people who are on their way to work How ideas, emotions, and creatures coexist. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR


On the embedded podcast. No, it's called Denying Us Speed. Him of Speech. It's misinformation. Like so many Americans, my dad has gotten swept up in conspiracy theories. These are not conspiracy theories, these are reality. I spent the year following him down the rabbit hole, trying to get him back. Listen to alternate realities on the embedded podcast from NPR. All episodes available now.