
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, na member F-D-I-C-A Quick note before we start today's show. You may have heard that President Trump has issued an executive order seeking to block all federal funding to NPR. This is one in a series of threats to media organizations across the country. The executive order is an affront to the First Amendment rights of public media organizations. NPR remains committed to serving the public, covering news and popular culture without a paywall.


This is a pivotal moment. It's more important than ever that everyone who can contribute comes together to pitch in as much as they are able. Please visit donate.npr.org to give now, and if you already support us via NPR Plus or other means. Thank you. Your support means so much to us now, more than ever. You help make NPR shows freely available to everyone. We're proud to do this work for you and with you. Okay, let's start the show. This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bean Cooley. Our Crumb is the most renowned of the underground cartoonist who emerged in the 1960s.


He created Zap Comics featuring an entire menagerie of his characters such as Fritz the Cat, Mr. Natural, the Sn and Devil Girl. His comics were eccentric and so was he. As a 1994 documentary by Terry z. Woff makes Clear, Crumb wrote a memoir in 2005, titled the R Cru Handbook. Reviewing the book then in Newsweek, Malcolm Jones wrote, quote, Crumb has made strange and hilarious art out of his own neuroses, insecure and paranoid, obsessed with sex in general, and women with big behinds in particular, rum has never been afraid to draw and write about his own foibles and fantasies.


His work is like an Eid unleashed with no thought for propriety unquote. Our crumb's work has been controversial, considered racist and misogynistic. Now there's a new biography of Crumb by fellow cartoonist and founder of the Picture Box Comics. Dan Nadel Crumb is now 81 years old and lives in France where he's resided for decades. We're going to listen back to Terry's 2005 interview with a Crumb. A Crumb. Welcome to Fresh Air. Do you think your early comics, some of the ones that anthologized in your new book, do you think they look different out of the time period than they did to you in their time?


Different from this perspective of nowadays? Yeah. Well, I, they're kind of timeless, you know? 'cause they're, they looked out of time. Then when I did them in the beginning in 66, 67, 68 people looked at 'em and said, Hey, these look like old comics from the thirties. You know what? And some people when they met me were surprised that I was a young man at the time. They thought I would be some old guy 'cause it, so they, they already looked out of time then. And so I, they just kind of still look like their own thing. They don't, and I think a lot of young people pick 'em up. They don't, when they first see 'em, don't realize how old they are. Huh. They just don't, don't, they don't seem to be part of the sixties as it, it's known stylistically to such stuff as Peter Max or the psychedelic posters and all that stuff.


It doesn't fit in with that. It's kind of its own thing. In, in your new book, the Handbook, you describe how you started some aspects of your style after a bad LSD trip. Right. What were the images that you saw when you were tripping that made their way into your cartoons? Whoa, that's a tough question. What were the images on LSD? What did they look like? Woo. Well, I dunno, for some reason, I don't know why or how it happened. I just, on this one really strange LSD trip that I took, but there was something wrong with the drug. I got trapped and some level of the mental collective consciousness that was very Todd and, and Carnival like in a, in a kind of a cheap, gaudy way.


It just stuck there. I was stuck there for months until I actually, what cleared it up was taking another dose of LSD made it go away. Well, how do you think your drawing style was actually changed by this hallucinogenic imagery? It Was changed, changed vastly. Well before that I was trying to be, you know, in order to get work as a artist and a cartoonist, I was trying to be contemporary and with it. And I looked at the work of people like Jules Pfeiffer and the LSD just blew all that away completely. And I, I was, I, I was always drawing in my sketchbooks all the time and I was just drawing these images that were coming from my brain all the time.


In that two months uncontrollably just completely changed my whole approach to what I was doing to cartooning. And took on this older thirties, forties, kind of, and I started looking more closely at these kind of brand X third rate comics from the forties that had, that were drawn in that style by these artists that never achieved, you know, renowned among, even among comics people. They were a third rate artist, but they had this working class proletarian, funky, crude, vulgar. These comics were very vulgar, violent. So, so what are some of the characters that you started drawing in this period after taking the LSD?


That was my first, that two month period when my ego was completely like, fragmented by that bad L-S-D-I-I drew Mr. Natural, a flaky food, angel food, mixed spade, the OIDs, the vulture goddesses, vulture demons, whatever you wanna call 'em. I know lots of characters, the old roo. Okay. Mr. Natural is this kind of like guru kind of figure. The long Yeah. Really long beard. Was he, was he based on anybody who you knew or a type that you knew? It was actually more or less a combination of the mysticism of LSD experiences combined with his old cartoon stereotype of the little old man with the long beard.


Right. There was several of these kind of like standard, you know, cartoon figure and old comic strips going back to the twenties even earlier. Probably that little, little old funny little old man with the long beard. Nothing, I didn't invent anything outta whole cloth. It's all has antecedents in the popular culture. All of it. And angel food, mixed spade. I mean, there's an African American woman who is drawn like some of the black people in your early comics look like the African cannibals and the Betty Boop cartoon where they Yeah, with a haver in a big pot. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Why Precisely. Oh, Why did you draw them that way? Because they were there and they were part of the whole experience of, of the all that tawdry low class imagery that was boiling in my brain.


That was part of it is that jungle bunny image that was there. It was part of it. It wasn't there before, but it boiled up. So it was obviously in the collective subconscious. And I just didn't have any control. I just had to draw what was there. And I don't think, I don't think angel food Mc spade can really legitimately be called an African American woman. It's a, it's a, it's a cartoon stereotype, crazy image of, of something that's like an in the imaginations of people. It's not, you know, it's not actually a representation of a African American woman. Did, did you worry that people would misconstrue it? Because certainly a lot of people didn't see it that way.


They just saw it as a crude stereotype. Yes, they did. A lot of people just took it at face value and, you know, I can't, I can't let that stop me. I, it has to come out. What's the in there had to come out, had it, I, I really couldn't stop it. And I, if I worried about how it was gonna be construed too much, I mean I obviously I had some concern of that it, but I, you know, I didn't wanna be too hurtful. But at the same time I had to, I, I had to put on the paper. I had this direct line from the, you know, the brain stem to, to the paper. There was no super ego. The, you know, the socialized self, you know, all that was just swept away.


And it was swept away in your sexual imagery too. You betcha. Yeah. So, you know, I, yeah, I have no secrets. I'm probably one of the few human beings on the planet that I have no secrets. Every, everybody who looks at my cos knows exactly what I'm about. It's all there. Everybody knows what your sexual fetishes are and everything. The dark, the darkest side of me, it's all on paper. I, you know, so that makes, allows me to be a pretty nice guy in real life. You know, it's all in, it's all out there on paper. Foisted on the public. Was there ever a part of you that wanted to censor that part of your mind? Or at least, of course, keep it private and hidden, which is what most people do with those? Of course. Yeah, sure. I'm a normal person in that way. I mean, I, before those LSD experiences and I just decided to let that all out.


I used to make those drawings and tear 'em up and flush 'em down the toilet. Oh, this is terrible. What's wrong with you? Is it why? You know, but, and also the, as I started doing it for publication, then it, it all, then the floodgates opened it, the crack just got wider and wider until I just let it all out. Let it all out there. All the, the dark side of myself, it's all out there. I have less of that impulse now. I think I got outta my system. A lot of it. Huh. What was it like for you to go from like loner, eccentric weirdo? Yeah. To like in demand, right. Popular person, right. Everybody wants to publish and buy and know, Right?


Mr. Cool guy. It was, it was very disorienting. 'cause I was quite young. I was only like 25, 26 when all that happened originally. And it was both, you know, thrilling to my ego. I had big ego, but also very confusing and scary even. 'cause suddenly this whole element of people that I'd never, ever had any dealings with before were suddenly there interested in me wanting to hustle, me wanting this and that and everything. You know, getting signed me to a five year exclusive contract, da da da. You know, these people, they're trying to cash in on the hippie culture and the youth movement and make money off it, you know? And I, I was so young, I didn't know how to deal with all that. But at the same time, it made me more attractive to women. So that part of it was nice.


So It was before that I was like this, you know, nerd that at a party, no woman even noticed. I was just part of the, the shrubbery or something. So, but after that, oh, here's our Crumb. Oh, you know, suddenly, suddenly they were interested and that was nice. Well, you were also like, suddenly you, you were an important part of like the hippie counterculture. Did you identify with that culture? Did you, did you feel like a part of it? Well, I guess, you know, the, the elements of that culture, like the music and the stylistic stuff? No, I didn't identify with that at all. I identify with some of the values, like the political values, some of like the eastern religious stuff that people were into.


I, like, I was attracted to that. And you know, the drug thing, the psychedelic drugs, I was into that part of it. And I also got caught up in the general optimism and hopefulness and idealism of that time, the late sixties, you know. But stylistically I was always alienated from it. I hated the music You write that puppet and marionette kid shows made a deep impression on you. You say the adult assumption was that these puppets were cute and lovable, but they were actually grotesque. And the shows tried to tell kids that life could be fun and exciting. But the unconscious message was that the adult world is strange, twisted, perverse threatening, sinister. That's what was it about like Howdy Doty or the other Kle Fran and Ollie that you found like grotesque and sinister?


Oh, Well, especially Howdy Doty. How was really grotesque. Hi kids. Ha and Clarabelle the Clown and all the, oh was, it was all very, very sinister and scary. And Buffalo Bob Smith. Did you ever see that stuff In your kid? You bet. I sure did. Yes. My wife Eileen actually would, she grew up in New York. She actually got to be in the peanut gallery when she was a kid on the Buffalo Bob Show and the Howdy duty show. And she said it was a, a defining moment in her life. She was like eight years old or something, seven years old. And she saw the adult world behind the scenes of the howdy duty show and how these people were all kinda cranky and stressed.


And she said the, the seat of the, of the pants of Bob Smith's outfit was kind of frayed. And, you know, and he was like real mean to the kids when it was off camera. So Cli far was cuter though. That was cli farelli. That was, that was a little bit, that was better than Howdy Doty that way. It was more lovable. You know, KLO was kind of a cute little lovable guy, little hand puppet. And had Fran like the woman, she was like talking to the puppet. So it was a little more reassuring. It was cuter. Did, did the frozen smile on howdy, Doty's face strike you as deranged. It was Just creepy and weird. Just goes, what the heck? You know this, what does that have to do with anything?


It's just didn't look like a kid. He was supposed to be like a kid in a cowboy soup. But he didn't come off that, he just came off as a creature, like for Mars, you know? He wasn't, there's some underlying thing you can't quite define that was just disturbing and sinister and scary about it all and all that stuff. Okay. The things that you say about these puppet shows that, that they show that the adult world is strange, twisted, perverse threatening, sinister. That's a kind of description of what your cartoons became like. Strange, twisted, perverse threatening, sinister. It's like that's that's what you set out to do. Well, Yeah, but I guess what Not for children, of course. I mean, it wasn't for children. What I was, Yeah. What I was trying to do was to uncover that sinister quality, the dark, sinister, strange, disturbing part of things, and not hide it, not keep it hidden.


You know, I started doing that in 68, 69, putting it out there, the sns, you know, they were these little creepy gnome creatures that I, at LSDI would catch outta the corner of my eyes sneaking around and giggling in the background of my life. You know, I just had to show that, I wanted to show that the, that sinister aspect, that noir dark side of things and, and how it's, I guess it's almost like making fun of the, the, the veneer of cuteness or whatever it is that they think covers that. You know, it's just all a veneer. It's not, it's not real cuteness. It's a completely fake attempt to cover up what life is really about in, in, you know, the whole mass media thing.


And we're, we're all in, grow up in America, you're a child of the mass media, of the pop culture unless your parents like guard you and protect you from that. Very conscientiously other, I mean, my parents didn't, they shoved us in front of the TV and it's products of pop culture. So, you know, that's what you have, have to work with. We've talked a little bit about how your visual imagery was changed by LSD. What about your sexual fantasies? I mean, so much of the comics that you've done have, have had to do with, with, with sexual fantasy and what, hi Girls. Were they, were, they were those fantasies as dark before LSD as they were after?


Yeah, they, unfortunately, the LSD didn't really change much in my way of my sexual fantasies, but I found a way to express them that made them metaphorical to me. I could, I could solve them more metaphorically, you know, in LSD you see that life, everything in our world is a metaphor. Or as Alan Ginsburg said, things are symbols of the, of themselves. And so I, I saw my own sexual fantasies that way. It's all, and tried to understand what they meant metaphorically, you know, other, otherwise we just feel helpless in this face of things. Don't mean anything. We feel helpless. What does it mean? What do these fantasies mean?


Where do they come from? Why do I have them? You know? So I understand or express that somehow in some way, but well, well, I got off to drawing those things. I got off drawing them. I admitted I can fist, But, but that's, I wanted to ask you about that. Did you want your more sexually oriented comic to fun function as turnons to be like pornography? No pornography in the lives of its readers, or, or did you wanna No, I didn't. No, it was only for myself. I had, I had no motive to turn other people onto my sexual fantasies or my sexual preferences at all. I, it was just expressing my, what was inside myself in some way that, that revealed what, hopefully the metaphor that it was, you know, in the, in many variations of that, you know, the angel food Mc spade, the vulture demons or the, the Bigfoot Sasquatch character that I did, the big hairy female or the devil girl character.


These are all, and when, when feminist complaints say, these aren't real women, these are, these are crumb's, fantasies, they're absolutely right. I can't, you know, I got no argument with that. Yeah. It's what it is. Yeah. It this comes, all comes outta my mind. Well, in your new book, you describe yourself as in a sex as sexually in a state of arrested development, you say, right. All my natural compulsions are perverted and twisted. Right, right. So I see myself as a very, as a very negative person, actually. I'm kind almost like a, a negative of, of a normal well adjusted guy. You know, I'm the, everything that he is, is I'm not. And everything I am, he's not, you know, it's almost how I see myself.


Maybe not a hundred percent, but you know, I'm like the, the person of the night. He's a guy of the day, you know, et cetera, et cetera. You Know. Now when you were young, you went for a while to Catholic school for a while, you went regularly to church. You say you went through a period of being fervent and devout religious. Yeah. What were you, what happened to all those fantasies that you had during this period when these fantasies would've just been horrifying to you? Right. Horribly horrible guilt. Horrible guilt, of course. Praying desperately. Please God. What is this about? Did you pray to get rid of these thoughts?


I, you know, it's a, it's a funny thing. At the same time, the thoughts were those fantasies were attractive and, and gave me pleasure. And at the same time I was deeply disturbed by their sinfulness. So something had to go and, and what went was the church and the whole sin thing that had to go. Now you quote one woman in your book is accusing you of ruining underground comics by encouraging all the younger boy artists to be bad and do comics about their own horrible sex fantasies. Right. Do you feel like you're, you're comics inspi inspired a lot of other artists, other comics of Yeah. Of, of kind of, you know, bad sexual Yeah, it Did misogynist.


Yeah. Well, Well just, you know, and opened the, the gates for other young boys who had these who probably were also comic nerds when they grew up, and that's why they're drawing comics. And so they also had the same kind of frustrations and resentment towards women, or the same kind of, not, not precisely. I never saw anybody else draw precisely the same kind of stuff that I drew about sex. But, you know, similar things or just, it allowed them, it permitted them when they saw I were at crumbs. He's, he's cool and he's doing it. So, you know, I guess I can draw stuff that puts women in these, this position too. But, you know, of having violent acts committed against women. But I don't, I don't think, I can't think of any Rs off hand who was like totally obsessed with just drawing brutal violence against women.


I, I think this is, you know, but, you know, feminists and other people that are involved in any kind of a, you know, political obsession like that, and you can't blame them for it. There's no, they, they're looking for that. So they're look looking, oh, here's one right here. Look, here's a an example of, you know, somebody being violent to a woman, or here's somebody abusing a woman. You know this. So they, they're looking for that. And yeah, sure you can find it. It's there. Yeah. Do, do You, I, but I, I, my, one of my defenses is that I don't think I ever drew it in such a way as it could be taken as propaganda for behavior like that. I don't make that sort of behavior towards women look heroic or commendable.


I mean, the characters that are doing those things are always, you know, creepy little twisted guys. They're not, you know, heroic, virtuous images of, of that someone would want to emulate. R Crumb, speaking with Terry Gross in 2005 will continue their conversation after a break and will also listen to a later interview in which the cartoonist is joined by another cartoonist, his wife, Aileen Kaminsky Chrome and film critic Justin Chang, reviews Thunderbolts, the newest superhero movie from Marvel. I'm David Bian Cooley, and This is Fresh Air. Know that fizzy feeling you get when you read something really good? Watch the movie everyone's been talking about, or catch the show that the internet can't get over at the pop culture Happy hour podcast.


We chase that feeling four times a week. We'll serve you recommendations and commentary on the busiest movies, TV, music, and more from lowbrow to highbrow to the stuff in between. Catch the Pop Culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR. When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award. He praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential Power, aging, and Evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR. Before you started doing Underground Comics, you worked for American Greetings now, right?


Were you doing greeting cards? Or, or Yes. Yes. I drew hundreds and hundreds of greeting cards. Gosh, I'd like to see those. Have they been exhibited? No. What were they like? They're pretty bland. They're bland. I, I didn't write them, I just did the drawings. They had a staff of writers and you went to work, it was a nine to five job. You punched a time clock. It was in Cleveland. You know, I got up at six o'clock in the morning and took the rapid transit to work every day. And you know, I went to the bar after work and drank with the guys and then went home and asked myself, is this my life? Is this what my life is gonna be from now on? So what, what, what are some of the things that you drew for the greeting cards? This is what birthday cards get Well soon cards, stuff like that.


Only had this department that, at that in the late fifties, they started making these kind of more hip looking greeting cards. They were tall and thin, you know, remember those? Yes, I sure do. That. That was, I was in that department and They were, they were funny or funny in quotes. They were funny. Yeah, they were, they were funny. And some of them actually were funny. They had a couple writers who actually were gifted comedy writers who just got stuck in Cleveland 'cause they were alcoholics or whatever, but they wrote very funny cards. Often the card, the their best cards were censored and never used because everything had a pass by the approval of the wife of the guy who owned the Walgreen drug chain. And if she didn't like the cards, then they couldn't be distributed.


So some of the best stuff never actually got distributed. Now, no. We've talked a little bit about how, how influenced you feel you were by early comics and, you know, music mu musically, so much of the music you love is from the twenties and thirties. Yeah. How were you first exposed to like, graphics of that period and music of that period? Right, right. Well, I, as a kid in the fifties, the comics were in decline. The TV wasn't that great, you know, so I, you start looking for older stuff. And the first older stuff that I would, you know, that peaked my interest was older comic books that you could find in Salvation Army stores.


And also old stuff on the kitty shows, on television, on tv, on these kitty shows. They showed old cartoons from the thirties, you know, old Betty Boop and Popeye and all that stuff. And the music was great. The drawing style was great. They were very, very appealing to me as a kid. This is like 53, 54, 55 in there. And the music was, I dunno, just grabbed me somehow. And, and then also you could see these really old Hal Roach comedies, Lauren Hardy, this R gang Little Rascal stuff. I loved that stuff when I was a kid. And, and as I got into my later teens, I always looked for really early movies that were on TV on the late show movies from 19 30, 31, 32.


I just loved the whole style, the period, somehow it attracted me deeply, the music and everything. And then I, I started looking for some other way to find the music of that period. 'cause I loved hearing it in those tv, you know, re runs of those old films. And then I discovered old 78 records. I discovered that this old music was actually on these records that were sitting around in these same places that the old comic books that were and other old stuff. And so I started buying old 70 eights and, and still collecting them today. And how did you start playing banjo? I had musical inclinations from childhood, and at first I tried to make myself a cigar box ukulele, but that didn't play so well and I couldn't really make it play efficiently and effectively.


So then my mother, when I, for Christmas, when I was 12 years old, gave me a, a plastic ukulele, which was playable, could actually tune it and play it. So I learned to play that. And then I graduated to the banjo later. I just like attracted to old music and, you know, was kind of out of it nerd. I didn't, you know, wasn't really much into rock and roll or things of my contemporaries. I don't know. I just, like I said, I'm not gonna go negative. I'm kind of an oddball character. A Crumb speaking to Terry Gross in 2005. Let's listen to the 1929 song Singing in the Bathtub covered by Acrom and his cheap suit.


Serenade from the album of the same name, Singing In the bathtub, Sitting alone.


When we return, we'll listen to another of their conversations from 2007 in which the cartoonist is joined by his wife, Aileen Kaminsky Krum, who was a cartoonist also. This is Fresh Air. This message comes from Google. The spirit of innovation is deeply ingrained in America, and Google is helping Americans innovate in ways both big and small. The Department of Defense is working with Google to help secure America's digital defense systems from establishing cloud-based zero trust solutions to deploying the latest AI technology. This is a new era of American innovation. Find out more at g.co/american Innovation.


Are you like me? Do you love picking the best and worst looks on the red carpet? Well, for the first time ever, the Met is dedicating their annual gala to the history of black fashion. So from where I'm sitting, the looks could be really good or not. I mean, well, someone wear a durag when they shouldn't. Let's get into the backstory of black fashion and rate the best and worst. Looks together this week on the, it's Been a Minute podcast from NPR. Unlike headlines or social media posts, books can give you the long view on the news, which is where NPR R's Book of the Day can help to think big picture about stories like the Death of Pope Francis. What's missing from the picture he says is the merciful face of Christ.


You could find this interview and others just like it on NPR R'S Book of the Day Podcast. Tune out the noise and listen every weekday. This is Fresh Air. In 2007, Terry spoke with Arum and his wife, Aileen Kaminski Crumb. She was one of the first women to create autobiographical comics back in the 1960s. They married in 1978 and moved to the south of France In the early nineties. R Crumb created Zap comics in the 1960s. Eileen first became known for her contributions to women's comics and Twisted Sisters. She died in 2022. The Crumbs sometimes worked together on joint autobiographical cartoons for the New Yorker.


When Terry spoke with them, she asked if their personas in those New Yorker cartoons were much different from who they really were. It's kinda exaggeration of who we really are, but not that far. It doesn't deviate that far from who we really are. No, I think I get into my, we get into our Georgian Gracie bit when we're doing that. I mean, I, I feel like I, I'm, you know, playing my role somewhat and you kind of feed me lines and I react in a way that, you know, I don't necessarily do in our real life. So, so what are your, what are your personas like in the cartoons? He's the straight man. He kind of, he's George, he feeds the lines and I like take him up and run with him and I'm like the fool, you know, But also you're, you're flamboyant, you're gaudy, you're, yeah, crass, you know, Jewish Long Island thing that you have and, and you're bold and you're, and I'm more kind of gray and, and geish and yeah, The Jew and the go.


Right. You, he's like from a Minnesota Farm family. And I'm from like a long line of shma, wo people, you know. So Would, would you tell the story of how you both met? Who wants it? Who tells it? Me or you? Robert, you Tell your version. I'll tell my version. Okay. Well, I was like being a Jewish cowgirl in Arizona at the time, and I thought I was completely unique to, what year is this? This was like in the late sixties or maybe around 69, 70. And I thought I was the only Jewish girl being a cowgirl at the time. I thought it was really being a wild, adventurous. And then I saw a comic book called Dale Steinberger, the Jewish cowgirl done by an artist named Crumb. And I thought, this guy has like stolen my life here. How can this be?


You know? And at the, at the same time, he, I also saw a character called Honey Bunch Kaminsky. And my last name was Kaminsky. And I thought, now wait a minute, this is really weird. And then I met a bunch of other cartoonists who met me and said, you look just like an R Crumb character. We have to introduce you to him. So after I finished art school in Arizona, I moved to San Francisco and then I, two weeks later I met Robert and I had a strange sinking feeling that my destiny was sort of gonna be forever and entwined with his. And he looked at me and said, you have cute knees. And all he felt was lust and didn't think anything more. That's, that's my version. Well that's, that's pretty much how it was.


Yeah. Did, did remember when you, when you met Eileen, did, did you think that she looked like one of your comic characters? I was drawn to her strongly. Yeah. She had all the requirements and, you know, but yeah, my initial interest in her was strictly, you know, oh, here's a, here's a cute hippie Jewish slut. You probably easy, you know. When did, when did Robert, when did you foresee her work and what did you think of it? Shortly after I met her, she, 'cause she had just started drawing comics at that time and she showed me this stuff that she had done and this first comics. And they were so crazy and, and expressionistic, I, I found him immediately found him very interesting and compelling and so deeply personal.


And I'd never seen any comics like that drawn by a woman before. Deeply personal. There was a few women at that time, Trina Robbins and others who were drawing kind of feminist comics. But to me there was two kinds. There was Trina stuff, which was like feminist fighting hero types, you know, girl detectives and things. And then there was the hippie flowery stuff that someone like Willie Mendez was doing this very sweet with unicorns and stuff like that. And here's a lean, it's like ugly. It's, it's self-deprecating. She, it was, it was just very confessional. That was the first time I ever saw a woman do that, ever. And it probably was the first time women ever did that in comics. She's like the Gene Reese of comics there. Donna Rickles, Donna Rickles.


Right. You know, and as, as, as we talked about Robert, the last time you were on Fresh Air, you know, when, when you were doing your comics in the sixties, they were, they were kind of very controversial among women. I mean, some women thought they were great, but a lot of women thought that they were really, you know, kind of sexist. Very, very few, very Few women thought they were great. Very few women thought they were great. It was mostly, I got a lot of hard, I got a hard time from the other feminist cartoonists for going out with Robert. That was like Disaster. Tell us what that was like. What, what, what kind of comments did you get about that and what, what did you think of the way he drew Drew women? Were you ever, you know, offended by his emphasis on large breasts and behinds and, and the kind of, you know, sexual obsessions that were, you know, described in, in the comics?


Tell the truth, Eileen. Well, I was really happy that somebody liked my physical type. Finally, I, I was flat. I was really flattered that he, that was his like, ideal woman. What about Woman? About all the six sadism and all that stuff? Well, Corresponded with my owns ooh Masochism. But aside from that, I, you know, I thought that feminist had a cartoonist had no right to tell me who to go out with and how to conduct my personal life. And in real life, Robert's like was my best fan, the most supportive person I could have ever been with in terms of my work. And even though it may, being with him may have affected the public's perception of my work, it didn't affect my desire to work at all. 'cause he was such a supportive person to live with.


Always. Like, he laughs he laughs at Myra more than anybody and harder he falls on the ground laughing so hard. I do, it's true. She makes me fall on the ground. But the Feminist cartoons, she'll say, I'll be falling on the ground. She'll say, what, what's wrong? You get up, get off the ground. What are you doing down there? But in the early women comics, there were some very angry women and they really hated and resented Robert's work. And when I started going out with him, they started to ice me out. And then they started to reject my comics from their books saying that they weren't like feminist enough. My feminist consciousness was not evolved enough. And Diane Newman was also in that group. I brought her into that early group also. We met and I really liked her and she, I liked her work.


And then she started going out with Bill Griffith. So she was also iced out and they called us camp followers as a matter of fact in an article in the Berkeley Barb. So Diane and I then broke off from the group and started Twisted Sisters. And we saw ourselves as feminists, but we were more like bad girl feminists that wanted to like, have sex with men and dress in sexy clothes and play it for all we could get out of it and still be in totally in control of ourselves. We thought of ourselves more as sexy Amazons, which also went along with the way Robert saw women. So, you know, when he drew things like vulture demons, I said, yeah, I could go with that. I kind of feel like that. Or you know, devil Girl.


Yeah, yeah. I'm Devil girl. You know, there's a part of me that really likes that I'm really strong. I like to show my strength. I was always like that. I never felt victimized. I never felt afraid of anything, you know? So I'm much more fearful and, and feel more victimized than Aileen does. Absolutely. You know, so there's, there was something that really appealed to me in, in his depiction of women. He was kinda the wimpy guy that was like, you know, idolized and was tortured by and fearful of women. All of those things wrapped up into one, you know, and I, I could relate to it. Well, Eileen, you, you write about how when you met Robert, he was like really famous and that he, At that time, I was only really known in the hippie subculture.


Well, that eventually, maybe eventually he became famous. But he, you say he didn't handle it well and you saw what fame did to him. What did it do? Well, you know, since he was a reject all through high school, when he was younger, he had, he was missing his front teeth and he was kind of funny looking and no woman would ever look at him. And then all of a sudden when he got famous, like all these women wanted to have sex with him, he was like completely overwhelmed. He just wanted it all. And he, he, he couldn't handle any of it. And he said yes to everybody. So there would be like tons of people around who, who had, you know, were, didn't know what they were supposed to be doing and were just sort of like, hanging around him. And it was created a terrible kind of chaos. And some of those people were like actually mentally unbalanced, you know?


And it was the sixties and everybody was taking drugs too. So it was just a complete chaotic scene. And plus there was a certain amount of money coming in, and then rock stars were hanging around him. So it was, the money was Completely mismanaged. It was a very decadent, very chaotic, disgusting, unclear, you know, for me it was an uncomfortable scene. I, I actually fled from that, you know, at one point. And then Robert came, came and sought me out afterwards because I think that, you know, he, he realized he had to get out of that. It was like some kind of survival thing. But I felt that he was sinking in that, and I felt that he was gonna, I felt that he, it was gonna destroy him. And Robert, Is that an Echo picture?


Afraid so, so I, yeah, when Eileen fled from it in 74, I went after her. 'cause I realized that she's like the life raft and I mean, I said it interviews and stuff before that I, sometimes I think if I hadn't, you know, grabbed onto Aileen, I might be dead now. 'cause I, there, I was involved with all these crazy women, they were all crazy. I, you know, and Aileen seemed to have her feet on the ground somehow. And I needed someone like that. She was the only one that was cared enough about me or was willing to, you know, take me on. And I, I needed someone like that. Aww, yeah.


That's so Cute. Aina. Is that a, a of woods, Eileen? Like, you have all these like, kind of like demons and craziness as of your own, but it sounds like in the relationship you have to like be the sane one. No, no, no, it's not like that. It's just like that. Okay. Not like she's the sane one's, but that she is better at handling, you know, people, she's better at, she can think on her feet quicker. Like, you know, if a journalist comes to the door unannounced and wants to talk to me, what's Just happen? I'll throw 'em out And then we'll throw 'em out. I, I, well, okay. Yeah. And, and like this last week in France, some journalists came there to talk to me and, and I let him in and he, I'm sitting in the kitchen table, Eile comes downstairs, he looks around, says, what is this?


Who are these people? How'd you get in here? And and Robert told me he didn't wanna talk to more journalists, said, Robert, what are you doing? So I, I was so embarrassed and I got up and, and fled the room and Eileen just told those people dig ga should kick them out. And I couldn't do that. I can't do it. I'm weak. But going back to the beginning, I have to say that I think that, you know, I was 23 when I met Robert and he was in his late twenties. And I think that we both came from very dysfunctional, I hate to use that word, families. And that I think we parented each other. I think that that true, you know, we both completed each other's childhoods in a positive way so that then we functioned much better as adults as time went on. And I think that we did that for each other.


So we did, Yeah, we parented each other. You were my life ref too. You were the kind father that I never had you. Oh, and you were my best fan. Oh, I'm gonna cry. And you really supported me as an artist too. So I, I feel I was completely mutual. Thank you, DIA. Well I wanna thank you both so much for talking with us. Thank you. Lots of laughs. Thanks Terry. It was fun. Cartoonists a Cru and his wife Aileen Kaminsky Crumb speaking to Terry Gross in 2007. A new biography of a rum is out by Dan Nadel called Crumb a cartoonist's life. And many of Crumb's original comics, drawings and scrapbooks have been published by tchen. Coming up film critic Justin Chang reviews the latest Marvel superhero movie, Thunderbolts.


This is Fresh Air, A lot of short daily news podcasts. Focus on just one story, but right now you probably need more on up. First from NPR, we bring you three of the world's top headlines every day in under 15 minutes because no one story can capture all that's happening in this big, crazy world of ours on any given morning, listen now to The Up First podcast from NPR Tariffs Recessions, how Colombian Drug Cartels gave us blueberries all year long. That's the kind of thing the Planet Money podcast explains. I'm Sarah Gonzalez and on Planet Money, we help you understand the economy and how things all around you came to be the way they are.


So, you know, listen to the Planet Money podcast from NPR. This message comes from NPR sponsors Shopify start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr. Our film critic Justin Chang, says that Thunderbolts, which topped the box office last weekend, is the first Marvel superhero movie. In some time, that's actually worth seeing. Florence Pugh reprises her role from Black Widow as the CIA operative Yelena Belova. And there also are return appearances by some Marvel franchise veterans, including Sebastian Stan and Julia Louie Dreyfus.


Here is Justin's review. Trauma has become so overused as a plot device that I'm grateful. I went into Thunderbolts not knowing that it would plunge so deeply into its character's mental health issues. The movie directed by Jake Schreyer from a script by Eric Pearson and Joanna Kahlo may not be the most original treatment of those issues, but it's sincere and heartfelt in the way it approaches them. It also happens to be the most enjoyable marvel adventure in some time. It isn't a self-satisfied joke like Deadpool and Wolverine or a forgettable slog like this year's Captain America.


Brave New World Thunderbolts is an unwieldy jumble to be sure, and it's been designed like all Marvel films to help extend the brand onto infinity. But for an impressive stretch, it actually looks and feels like a real movie with solid action, vivid emotional stakes and characters. Memorable enough that you won't mind seeing them again in the inevitable sequel. The Star is the terrific Florence Pugh who has introduced several movies back as Yelena Belova, the younger sister of Scarlet Johansson's, now deceased Natasha Romanov. Like Natasha Yelena is the product of a top secret Russian program that turned innocent children into spies and assassins.


Years later, Yelena still can't shake off the grim memories of her indoctrination or her grief over Natasha's death. There is something wrong with me, an emptiness. I thought it started when my sister died, but now it feels like something bigger, just a void. Yo Elena now works as undercover muscle for CIA director Valentina Allegra Def Fontaine, who's played by a Brealy menacing Julia Louie Dreyfuss with a touch of Veep style incompetence.


Valentina is bad news. And before long Yelena is betrayed and trapped in a deadly layer in the middle of nowhere to get out alive, she must join forces with a few other similarly betrayed and trapped operatives, some of whom have special powers. Hannah John, common plays ghost who can pass through walls. Wyatt Russell is enhanced super soldier, John Walker, who's kind of like a sur Captain America. And then there's a random nice guy named Bob, played by Louis Pullman, who has no idea why he's there and appears to have no powers of any kind. But both he and the movie have a few surprises.


In store in time, Yelena Ghost Walker and Bob Escape. Valentina's clutches, but the danger never lets up and they must work together to take her down. Fortunately for them, their ranks soon expand to include the Marvel mainstay, Bucky Barnes, a formidable fighter with his own physical and psychological scars. Well played as always by recent Oscar nominee Sebastian Stan. And then there's Elena's boisterous adoptive father, a Russian expat limo driver who goes by the superhero moniker of Red Guardian. He's played by a bumbling scene stealing David Harbor.


In time this ragtag crew begin calling themselves the Thunderbolts, A name inspired by a youth soccer team that Yelena was a part of years ago. Like that Team Yelena and her unlikely comrades are a scrappy bunch of underperformers, basically a third rate Avengers. The story is unapologetically formulaic Valentina's scheme, which involves turning the Thunderbolts into a public enemy, smacks a bit of Pixar's, the Incredibles, and every other Marvel movie that is featured, a cataclysmic assault on a major city. But even amid such familiar mayhem, Schreyer finds fresh vivid angles.


The action is clear and coherent. The character dynamics strike the right balance of earnest sincerity and glib humor. And it's oddly moving to see the characters put their bickering ways aside and team up to protect as many innocent bystanders as they can. For a brief moment, I was reminded of what made superhero movies fun in the first place before they became Hollywood's dominant export. But Thunderbolts does have more than fun on its mind. And here's where that trauma element comes in. Elena is continually haunted by reminders of her past when she was forced as a child to become a ruthless killing machine.


But she isn't the only character here confronting emotional pain and a profound sense of emptiness. The movie builds to a surreal sequence and almost being John Malkovich style. Rob, through the subconscious that floats some fascinating questions. What if loneliness were the single most destructive force in existence? And what if human connection really was powerful enough to save the world? That may sound like a trite sentiment, but it's nonetheless worth repeating. And for two hours or so, Thunderbolts just about makes you believe it. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker.


He reviewed the new Marvel movie Thunderbolts On Monday, show actor Danny McBride talks about the final season of HBO's, the righteous gemstones and his journey from Hollywood to South Carolina, where he co-founded Roughhouse Pictures. He'll tell us about how he's built a unique comic empire blending sharp satire with Southern charm. Hope you can join us To keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Sam Brier is our managing producer. Our senior producer today is Roberta Shera.


Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham, with additional engineering support from Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld, and Charlie er. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annemarie Baldonado, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Challenor, Susan Yadi, Anna Bauman, and Joel Wolffer. Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Nera for Terry Gross and Tanya Mosley. I'm David Bean Cooley On the Indicator from Planet Money Podcast. We are here to help you make sense of the economic news from Trump's tariffs. It's Called in Game Theory, a trigger strategy or a sometimes called grim trigger, which sort of has a cowboy esque ring to it, To what exactly a sovereign wealth fund is for Insight, every weekday listen to, to NPR R's the Indicator from Planet Money.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR, a show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, wait, don't Tell me Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.