
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, NA member, FDIC.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bean Cooley. Today we're remembering Charles Strauss, the Broadway composer who died last week at age 96, collaborating with lyricist Lee Adams. He won Tony Awards for Best Musical for Bye-bye. Birdie and Applause. They also wrote the songs for Golden Boy, a musical starring Sammy Davis Jr. Teaming up with lyricist Martin Charin. He wrote the songs for Annie. Even those who seldom see a Broadway show are familiar with some of the songs written by Strauss. Gray Skies are gonna clear up, Put On a Happy face, brush off the clouds, and cheer up, Put On a Happy Face, take off the gloomy mascot Tragedy.


It's not your style. It's a Hard Knock Life For us. It's a Hard Knock Life For us. Treat Once upon a time, a moon in eyes put and said very long, there are chicks just right for some kissing.


And I mean to kiss me a few, man, those chicks don't know what they're missing. I got A Lot Livin to Do. The sun will come out tomorrow, bet your bottom that there'll be sun. Just thinking about tomorrow. Clears away the cobwebs and the sorrow when I'm stuck with that day.


That's great. And I just stick up my chin and grin and say, the summer comes out tomorrow. So you gotta hang on to tomorrow. Some of the songs written by Charles Straus, he started playing the piano at age 10 and graduated from Rochester's Eastman School of Music. He studied classical music with Aaron Copeland and Nadia Boer then met Lee Adams and started writing a more popular style of music, but before hitting it big in 1960 with Bye bye, birdie Strauss had a string of very odd jobs.


He played piano for dance rehearsals and in strip clubs and even wrote background music for Fox Movie tone news reels. He wrote the music for the movies, Bonnie and Clyde, and the Night they raided Minsky's and on the opening credits of the hit 1970s TV series, all in the Family when Gene Stapleton's Edith was seen playing the piano as she and Carol O'Connor's Archie Bunker sang the, those were the days theme song. It actually was Charles Strauss who played the piano, heard on the soundtrack, and he also wrote the music while his Bye-bye Birdie partner Lee Adams wrote the nostalgic lyrics. Boy, the way Glen Miller played songs that made away like me.


We had it made. Those were the didn't need no welfare gate, everybody. Those were the, and you knew where you were. We're going to listen back to two different conversations Terry Gross had with Charles Strauss. She first spoke with him in 1994 When you wrote this, the songs for Annie and now for Annie Warbuck. Did you have to write in a range that you were confident a kid could sing?


Well, that's, that's really an interesting question because I yes and no. The the yes is a part of my, my musical background. I, I know what, what kids ranges and sopranos and tenors are. The no part is that I, I wanted to squeeze a little bit more out of them because I, I, you know, the, the emotional part of, of the music is when, when, when kids sing hi, they scream, you know, I did it in Bye bye birdie. And in bye bye, birdie. They sang notes in the telephone hour that they didn't think they could sing. And actually, I had learned a, a lot of that.


I used to work for Frank Lesser. I worked, I was his assistant for two years. And I remember when Frank was testing people for range, he would often have them sing From bushel, a Peck from Bushel in a peck. And because it was, he would put it in a key with the pianist that it would be out of their range. They had to go, but because they were making fun, they could or could not hit it. Had you said, sing that note legitimately in a song like, I don't know if I Loved You or something, they would've said they can't reach it, but when they were playing these characters, they could, so I devised, it's not my own invention, but, or maybe it is.


I don't know. These kids would come in and, and I would just have them sing Happy Birthday once they passed the other thing, I would have them sing a song that they didn't have to worry about anything. And so they, they would, happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. See, and very often they found that they could reach notes, which on their resumes they couldn't reach at all. And that was the sound I wanted. So I did write for that. And particularly in a song like Hard Knock Life. And in Tomorrow, the song Tomorrow, Let me move to the, the first show that you did that was a, a real hit, one of the Broadway classics. And that's, bye bye Birdie. And I had to tell you, I was listening to the album again last night, and I had, I hadn't heard the score in a long time, and I was just shocked to realize that I remembered words to songs when I'd completely forgotten the song existed, like normal American Boy.


I mean, I hadn't thought about that song in years. And I realized, God, I know all the words to this. And I bet so many people have that reaction when they hear songs from Bye bye Birdie. Yes, fortunately they do. It's a very, very much performed show. At the time, Lee Adams and Mike Stewart and I wrote it. We wrote it because it was offered us, you might say, we would've, we would've written, I guess almost any show that was offered us. It actually wasn't even in that shape. It was just to be a show about teenagers. But had we realized that it would have that kind of commercial clout that is that high schools and camps and, and prisons, I don't know.


Everybody does it. It's incredible. And it keeps pick picking up in performances. I think we would've said, oh, let's do that show. But at the time it was just, it was actually even a little strange. It was a bit of an embarrassment in a funny way to to, to me and to Mike because, well, to me, particularly because I had, I'd been in serious music all my life. I'd studied classical music. I was embarking on a, on a serious music career, and that this would be the first opportunity that I'd have for a major public hearing. And then that we had this silly name, bye Birdie.


It was, it was not the show that I wanted to write, which taught me something about myself, which is I, I don't know where the hell I am half the time. Lemme ask you about writing the telephone hour from Bye bye, birdie. And this is a, a, a series of phone conversations that the teenagers are having with each other. And it's not a straightforward song. I mean, you're, you're basically setting a series of conversations to music with little interruptions and phones ringing. So what were some of your considerations when you were writing the music for that? Well, you know, before I just answer that, I have four kids, and it's come back to haunt me because I, I, I have four telephone lines and it's still every second.


Everybody's on the phone. Anyway, beside the point, my considerations were first of all, that, that it was, it was rock and of its sort. It, it is rock music though, such an innocent sort that, you know, I, I don't like to listen to it and say I'm Mick Jagger or anybody like that. But it, it was rock. And, and, and, and I paid attention very strongly to the guitar chords, you know, that the all guitarists play on it, you know, a lot of rock music in those days, particularly, it was very, there were certain patterns. It became patterned in a way. And I, I did model it on that. But then I used a lot of, I, I used a lot of changes of time and a lot of interjections, which is into the, into the exact rock beat.


But I, I kept the beat going very much. And then I used just, you know, the Lee and I sat and kind of carved it out together. Hi. And you know, the things, did they really get pinned? Well, Here's the telephone hour from Byebye Birdie music by my guest Charles spouse. Hi Margie. Hi. What's glory, what's the word, hummingbird? Have you heard about you going pinned? Did they really get pinned? Did she kiss them and cry, pin the pin on, or was he too shy? Well, I heard they got pinned.


Hello, Mr. Henkel, this is Harvey Johnson. Cannot I speak to Penelope? You Up on Penelope? I just threw it somehow about the Saturday. I can't you now. It won't last. Not at all. He's too thin. She's too tall Now. Long, Mrs. Miller, this is Harvey Johnson can only speak to Mrs.


Gar, find his charity home from school, yet That's the way to go. That's the telephone song from the Broadway musical, byebye Birdie with Lyrics by Lee Adams and Music by Charles Strauss. You, you studied with Nadia Boulanger. Did she give you any advice about pop music versus classical music? Well, oddly enough, she did. She was, this woman was, was the, was the great musician of, of, of our generation in many ways. And her greatness was that she was a master analyst, not only of music, but a psychoanalyst in her own way.


And she used to hear the, the music of her students. And she was able to, she was able to isolate it. She was able to shine a spotlight on what, what, what was you and what was watered down Stravinsky. And I remember when, when I worked with her, she asked to hear everything I'd written, and I played her my Sonata and my concerto. And she said, well, what else, what else, what else? And I said, well, that's it. She said, well, no, what about, you know, you know, your student pieces? And I played her, some of them and then anything else. And I said, well, I said, there was my, my parents who were never into serious music at all, though, they were very proud of me.


I used to come home from college and play them all these pieces that sounded like watered down bar talk, really. But it were very serious kind of things. I was really, you know, into it. But I remember writing a piece that I considered my party piece that I could play, that they could show off to my aunt. I wrote this piece and it was really, you know, I look back at it today, kind of saucy or something. It was very lighthearted and they loved, everybody liked it. So it became my piece. And I played that for her, which I very rarely, I didn't do that for anybody except, you know, a couple of relatives. And she said, ah. And she said, well, what else? And I said, well, I really, oh, I said, well, when my brother, he had been in the Navy and when he came home from his first tour of duty or his bootcamp, whatever, I had written a, i, I laugh because it was a funny moment in my life.


And I, I said, I wrote this little song for him called Welcome Home Able-Bodied Semen Strauss Say. And she said, may I hear that? Oh, I said, I said I could. No, she said, please. And so there, this venerable woman, I played this silly song, she said, I see. She said, anything else? And I said, I, well, I said, I used, this makes me laugh. I said, I used to go out with a, a girl, I really liked her. Her name was Janet. And we lived on the Upper West side of New York. And I wrote this song, but it was, there was a joke called Moon Over 83rd Street.


She said, play this for me. Here I am in, in Paris, you know, with the, with an intimate of Stravinsky's and, and every American composer that you can think of having studied with this great woman. So I played Moon over 83rd Street. And she said, ah, good, now we go back to this, whatever. So we went back to, towards the end of my thing, she said to me something that nobody had ever said to me. She said that you, she said, you have a great talent for like music. May I make a request? Sure. Could you sing one of the songs that you played for her?


Wait a second. The, the Welcome Home. You, no, I can't sing that one. A a moon over 80 oh a moon. This is the funniest interview I've ever done. Moon, over 83rd Street with sh with sh shafts, right below Moon, over 80 Street, 83rd Street. My heart's all a glow. You Janet, in the Lamplight, I hear something called, I hear something Dull. You, you, I'm your's, body and Soul. I think that was the last one.


It was meant partly as a jest. I mean, I, I, you know, but that was it. There's a first performance for you. So, But it helped you, it helped you find out that that's what you should be doing is wearing pop Tunes. Well, that, that was her genius. That's why I can laugh at it. I can also laugh at it. 'cause I've had a, you know, some successful shows. But her genius was really taking a, a young kid like me. I was quite young when I was there. I was around 18 or so. And, and I know from my own experience with my own children what it, what it is to, to be searching for an identity. And she, in her soft, brilliant way, was able to contribute to my identifying who I was.


I wanna close with the story behind one of your most famous songs. And this is the, the song from Annie Tomorrow. Tell us about writing this song, what you intended when you wrote it. And this song is already taken on a life of its own. This song seems to alternate between major and minor keys. No. Yes, it does. It, it's, well, there are a number of feelings I have about the song. The first one always had been and still stays with me. It's the one song in the show of a, of a personal nature in the show that could not have been written in the thirties. I could say the same perhaps for Hard Knock Life, but Hard Knock Life was a bit of dramatic music where I was kind of outside in a way.


But here's a song of a girl during the Depression, and this song is definitely could only been written in the seventies, the harmonies and the kind of melodic. So I thought if nothing else, I mean, I didn't think the show was gonna be successful, but I certainly felt as though critics were going to say, now wait a second, how could, how could they write this? Every, everything else was, we'd like to thank you Herbert Hoover and, and I don't need anything but you. They, they were kind of pastiches using Harry Warren and Cole Porter and, and those kind of gershwin composers as my, as the filter, so to speak.


But that song, no. And it was just out of another era completely. So that was my first thing about it. The second thing about it was that nobody could sing it because it was, it was so rangey. And the third thing about it, which is it's just curious. I've worked with a number of collaborators, though I've worked mostly with Lee Adams. But you know, I just, I've done a show with Sammy Khan, with Alan Jay Lerner, with Richard Malty. I mean, there've just been a lot of them. Stephen Schwartz in my life, though, not those particularly, but all the collaborators along the way.


I had the song and I played it for many of them. And they all said, yeah, no, okay, what else do you have? And Martin and I were looking for a Song of Hope at that moment. And I played a, actually, it wasn't a whole song. I had written it for a movie, this theme, for an industrial film that I did. Huh. And I always liked the theme. And, and Martin picked up on it, and I had no idea. I certainly didn't think it was going to be a, a, a big success. I did think that it got an awfully big hand in the theater, right when Andrea sang it. But I thought it was the set, Martin had made a nice move with the set that had changed. She went behind and then she wasn't there. So I always thought, gee, they're applauding.


That's, that's set. So this is a, a trunk song that every lyricist you work with rejected. And it finally went that Success at that point. Lyricist. Yeah. Right. Well, let's hear it. And let me say, it's been a pleasure to talk with you. Thank you very much for joining us. Oh, thank you, Terry. It's for me. It's great. The sun will come out tomorrow. Bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow there'll be sun. Just thinking about tomorrow clears away the cobwebs and the sorrow to theirs. None. When I'm stuck with a day, that's great.


And I just stick up my chin and grin and Say, The summer come out tomorrow. So you gotta hang on tomorrow. Come with Me Tomorrow. Tomorrow. I love y'all tomorrow. You're always a day. Always.


This message comes from Saatva Spring Cleaning can be good for your home and your mind. It can boost your mood, sharpen your focus and fuel productivity. Another way to Do all that. Sleeping well voted best luxury mattress by sleep foundation.org. Every Saatva is handcrafted for a great night's sleep, and they cost far less than retail. This Memorial Day saves $600 on $1,000 or more at sofa.com/npr.


This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more at cap Capella dot edu.


This message comes from Sony Pictures classics presenting Jane Austen wrecked my life, starring Camille Rutherford, a new romantic comedy about a Parisian woman who dreams of becoming a successful writer and experiencing true love. While attending a Jane Austen Writer's Residency in England, Jane Austen wrecked my life now playing select cities. For more information and tickets, visit Jane Austin wrecked my life.com.


This message comes from Bluehost. Bluehost can make building a great website easy and offers a 30 day money back guarantee. Customize and launch your site in minutes with ai, then optimize with built-in search engine tools. Get your great sight@bluehost.com.


We're remembering composer Charles Strauss, who died last week at the age of 96. He wrote the music and won Tony Awards for the Broadway hits, byebye, birdie, Annie and Applause. One of his lesser known works is the 1964 musical Golden Boy. It was based on the 1937 play of the same name by Clifford Ettes, who also wrote the musical adaptation. The 1964 musical starred Sammy Davis Jr. As a man who breaks out of Harlem by becoming a prize fighter. Terry Gross spoke to Charles Strauss again in 2002 when Golden Boy was being revived as part of the City Center Encore series, great American musicals in concert.


They began with one of the songs from the show called Night Song. The singer is Sammy Davis Jr. And the lyricist is Lee Adams, who previously had collaborated with Strauss on the 1960 musical. Bye bye Birdie Summer. Not a bit of breeze. Neon signs are shining through the tire trees lovers walking to and for everyone has someone and a place to go.


Listen, hear the cars go past. They don't even see me flying by so fast. They're moving going, who knows where? Only thing I know is I'm not going there. Where do you go when you feel that your brain is on fire? Where do you go when you don't even know what it's you desire?


Listen, laughter. Charles Strauss, welcome back to Fresh Air. Is there a story behind writing night song? A very intimate story. And that is, I remember lying on the grass in the park looking up at the skyline in New York saying, I wish I could be there. And I wish I had some friends. Wish it could be where, Oh, way up on. Oh, so so you were yearning while writing this song about Yearning. I was yearning and I was remembering that period of my life very strongly. How were you first brought in to Do the music for Golden Boy? Well, it's, it's really because of the producer man by the name of Hillard Elkins, who is a real, who was a real operator.


And he somehow got Sammy Davis to agree to Do it if Clifford Ettes did it. And then he called Clifford and said, would you do it as a musical if Sammy Davis did it? And then he called us and said, would you do it if Clifford Odette and Sammy Davis did it? And we also, gee, that would be great if, if, if, and he was able to, in the manner of agents and producers, convince everybody that it was going to happen. And it did happen. Sammy also was very, very interested in becoming a serious actor and had the, the build and the drawing power for this role.


It's always been a great star vehicle. Sammy agreed to Do it. He, because he was such a high, highly paid star, he did something which is very unusual. I don't know whether I would've accepted it today, but that is, he maintained legal approvals of every word and every note of music. Let's play a song from the original cast production with Sammy Davis singing. And this is a song called, I Wanna Be with You, Sammy Davis, Jr. As the boxer falls in love with a white woman in the 1964 version of Golden Boy, I'd like you to describe the context that this song is performed in, in, in, in the musical.


This particular scene where they sang, I Want to Be With You, caused us to receive a lot of venomous mail, particularly in, in Philadelphia where we opened. As a matter of fact, after the show opened, we Lee Adams and I had to have bodyguards actually walk us to the hotel. We didn't think it was anything much, we just thought it was two people. I mean, we were aware one was black and one was white, but we didn't think it would arouse people. So, and this song for me, and Lee, was a particularly interesting one because I have a serious music background, and yet I've played in, in jazz groups and jazz as part of my, my nature.


I tried very hard in this to combine any depth that I might have as a composer with a feeling for jazz. And I felt on a certain, in a certain way that I had succeeded. I'm very proud of this song, but it was also because it was not only a passionate moment in the play, but I was aware that it was a passionate moment where, where the, the lovers themselves, ala Romeo and Juliet were really leaping over a great hurdle. They weren't aware of it, or they were, I mean, nobody talks about that kind of thing in one way, but they, they leaped this hurdle. And so the song was a very important one for me, where they were both finally able to express their passion as two people for each other.


Well, let's hear the first part of this song, and this is Sammy Davis Jr. From the original cast recording of Golden Boy, Lorna, Lorna and Joe. Somehow it sounds so right. Somehow you feel what I feel Too wanna be with you. I wanna I wanna you, After All The nights of wanting you lying there, loving you, hating you tonight, I am touching you, holding you will, you are going to see, we'll make out Some somehow.


Here's my Girl And Me. They can't Hurt us. Now. I love you. Day Long of Life Can be so great for us. Here's our chance. It's not too Late for Us.


Grab it fast or life For I To Davis Jr. From the original cast recording of Golden Boy with music composed by my guest Charles Strauss lyrics by Lead Adams. Did you get a sense of what it was like for Sammy Davis to be the subject of controversy in real life? Because he was married to my Brit a white woman and to at the same time be the subject of controversy because he was portraying on stage a black man in love with a white woman.


You know, 'cause it it was go, it was going on in both, you know, his stage life and his real life. Sure. I did have a real sense, particularly towards the end of our, the run after, no, it was before he went to London with the show. We, we both marched in Selma and I think we were both drunk and we kind of got to know one another. I learned a lot about Sammy and, and his time in the US Army where he was, he was pummeled and other soldiers urinated on him. He was, he was, he, he had in him a, a, a great, great deal of suffering.


And he turned whatever hurt or anger into a desire, an intense desire to be loved by everybody. And yet part of him also wanted to be in that white world. It's, it was a very comp, he was a most complex man Composer. Charles Strauss, speaking to Terry Gross in 2002. He died last week at the age of 96, more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs with award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice. You can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com To learn more.


This message comes from Charles Schwab with their original podcast Choice hosted by Katie Milkman, an award-winning behavioral scientist and author of the bestselling book, how To Change Choice is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Hear true stories from Nobel laureates, historians, authors, athletes, and more about why people do the things they do. Download the latest episode and subscribe at Schwab dot com slash podcast or wherever you listen.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes financing your next car. Easy. Buy 100% online with customizable terms, good for 30 days. Buy your car the convenient way with Carvana terms may apply.


Oh, I'd like to hear what it was like when you had a follow Sammy Davis Jr. Around Vegas playing him demos of, of your your new song so he could give them his approval. Well, we, we played the songs and invariably Sammy was, was late. Lee Adams in particular was not a late owl. And he would say, I'll meet you after the show at one in the, in the morning. And we would be lucky sometimes if he got there at two 30 and then we would play the songs in front of the chorus girls. He was, he was constantly partying, Sammy.


And we would play these songs in that atmosphere all the time. And I must tell you, at that point in our lives, we were very timid, particularly me, and I was the one that was playing it and singing them. So we did that. He would go out and play eight, nine holes of golf or something, and then we would meet him in the steam room to discuss a scene. And the first time I met Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin and that whole bunch, I think Joey Bishop was there too. We were all naked, which is an odd thing to add to my composer's resume.


But there, there were all kinds of odd incidents like that. So when, when you first met Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin and all those guys naked in a steam roo room, were you also expected to demo your songs for Sammy Davis? No. No. That was, that was a, this would be a part of Sammy that it's typical of him and probably me partially meaningless to anybody else. He, he brought me down there. He said he wanted to see me for a conference. And I remember one of the thing, you know, we all introduced ourselves around, believe me, I was not as proud of my physique as they of theirs.


And so I was, and he said, this is my composer, Charles. Oh hi Charlie, you know, da da da da. And it was basically, in my opinion, looking back that he wanted to show them that he had a composer, a Broadway composer who had written by, by Birdie, that was his composer. And I remember asking him later, why do you, I i I don't say, this is my actor Sammy, why do you say this is my composer? That was one of the, the times that he didn't argue the point with me, but I think he, he saw that the, the emptiness of of having me down there, although by the way, it's always made an amusing story and, and a true one.


But it was basically a, a kind of his day in the sauna with the guys. And, you know, i I was the drop in guest Charles Straus speaking to Terry Gross in 2002. We couldn't end this tribute without considering the impact of perhaps his most enduring musical. In 2010, Terry spoke with the rapper Jay-Z, about how one of the songs from Annie inspired his own distinctly different interpretation. Let's talk about another one of your tracks. I, I wanna play Hard Knock Life, which really surprised me when I first heard it because you sample the song Hard Knock Life from the Broadway show, Annie, which I thought was a real surprise, surprising choice to say the least for you.


Yes. To say the least. So, so how did you decide to use that? Well, what happened was, my sister's name is Andrea Carter and we call her Annie for short. So when the TV version of the play, you know, it came on and it was like this, a story called Annie. I was immediately drawn to it. Of course, this is my sister's name. Like what is this about? So I, you know, I watched it and I was, you know, I was immediately drawn to that story and you know, those words, instead of treated, we get tricked. Instead of kisses, we get kicked. It immediately resonated with me. So, you know, fast forward, I'm on the Puff Daddy tour and I'm about to leave stage and a DJ by the name of Kid Capri plays this, this track, no rap on it, just the instrumental I, you know, it stopped me in my tracks.


It immediately brought me back to my childhood and that feeling. And I knew right then and there that I had to make that record and that, you know, people would relate to the struggle in it and the, the aspiration in it as well. So let's hear the song and then we'll talk a little more about it. So this is Hard Knock Life ghetto anthem by Jay-Z. Take the baseline out From Standing on the Corners bopping to driving some of the hottest cars New Yorkers ever seen for dropping some of the hottest verses rappers ever heard from the dope spot with the smoke block thinking the murder scene.


You know me well for Nightmares Ofone Cell, my Only Hell. But since when y'all know me to fell, nah, we on my niggas with the rubber grips or shots. And if you with me mama, I rubbing your and whatnot. I'm from the school of the hard knocks. We must not let outsiders by laid our blocks and my block the stick up the world and split it 50 50. Let's take the dough and stay real tricky. Let sip the Chris and get pissy pissy flow in like the memory of my biggie. You know, what's hell when I come through the Life and times as Sean card in it, volume two, That's Hard Knock Life ghetto anthem by my guest Jay-Z.


So you tell a great story in the book about how you got the rights to use that song, to use the, the song from Annie Hard Knock Life. Would you tell the story? Yeah, well, I mean we, we got the rights already, so it was a bit late. So, 'cause I, I exaggerated a, a touch, you know, and it's typical when you have to clear a song, you have to send it a sample song, you send it to the original writers and they give grant you permission and you pay a fee for that permission, you know, but some writers, their art is for them very important. So it has to be the right sort of attitude and the right take and the emotion on the record has to fit, you know, what was originally intended.


So we are having difficulties clearing the sample and I wrote a letter about how much it meant to me, you know, what it meant to me growing up and how I went to like a Broadway play, which was exaggeration. I saw it on TV and you know, we got the rights Jay-Z speaking with Terry Gross in 2010 about his Hard Knock Life ghetto anthem. When Terry talked to Charles Strauss back in 2002, she asked him about that version. How did you find out that Hard Knock Live was going to be sampled for a rap record? I found it out just through hearing it and my publisher, but I'll tell you something, he said something, I never met Jay-Z or as Andrew Lloyd Weber said in a phone call to me, he said, Jay Z recall recalled the song of yours.


I thought that was wonderful. And I dropped in Andrew's name too. He said something in the liner notes that he, it, it was gritty. He said it was gritty and he felt that that was the way black people felt in the ghetto. And the fact is, when we were working on Annie, it was the first song that I had written the music for Martin and I had never gotten Martin Charin and I had never gotten together. That was the, we were all friends, but that was the first song we wrote. And I wanted that song to be gritty. I didn't want it to be a fake. I wanted it to show these desperate times and these maltreated girls, et cetera, et cetera. So when he picked up on that, I was very proud of myself for that reason alone.


Charles Strauss, speaking to Terry Gross in 2002, the composer of the music for Byebye Birdie Applause, and Annie died last week. He was 96 years old coming up critic at large John Powers reviews Mission Impossible, The Final Reckoning. This is Fresh Air


Support for this podcast, and the following message come from Fisher Investments. SVP Judy Abrams reflects on the importance of Fisher Investments holistic approach. I think individuals really like the fact that we can help them with their estate planning. We can help them with their social security questions, their Medicare questions. We can especially help them figure out what their income resources are going to be in retirement. So we're going to be asking you questions to make sure we truly can understand what's going on with you. Then we can make decisions not only for the present moment, but also for whatever direction you're going into. When clients realize that it's not just managing the money, it's taking care of all these other areas of their life, then they can relax. They know they're in good hands. Learn more@fisherinvestments.com. Investing in securities involves the risk of loss.


This message comes from Dell Technologies. The power of Dell AI with Intel inside is transforming the world of pro sports. Using realtime analysis to help give teams a winning edge power. Your wins at dell.com/win.


This message comes from DS W. Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DS w has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com


Mission Impossible. The Final Reckoning is the eighth and reportedly final installment in the Action Adventure series starring Tom Cruise, who plays the head of a secret government team that does what the CIA cannot do. In this latest installment, the crew must try to stop rogue AI from wiping out humanity. Our critic at large, John Powers has seen all seven of the preceding Mission Impossible pictures, plus the TV series that preceded it. He says, this latest effort is a crazily entertaining monument to its star. Pop culture has long had a tendency toward bloat. The catchy two minute singles of the 1950s gave way to the laborious concept albums of the sixties.


The slim Mind blowing novels of Philip k Dick and JG Ballard led to the door stops of Stephen King and Neil Stevenson. And then there's Mission Impossible, which began in 1966 as a tautly unpretentious hour long TV series with a fantastic theme by Lalo Schiffrin. In 1996, it became 110 minute movie with a megastar actor Tom Cruise and an auteur director Brian de Palmer, who larded its silly story with big gaudy action scenes now seven sequels in three decades later, we have Mission Impossible, The Final Reckoning, the two hour and 49 minute conclusion to the nearly as long Mission Impossible dead reckoning.


Part One Pictures so grandiose, they require a colon and an M dash just to write their titles. Predictably, this new movie is overblown in inanely plotted clotted with expository dialogue and boundlessly self-congratulatory. But you know, it's also fun to watch flaunting its big budget. We zoot from tourist London to Norwegian snow scapes to sun blasted South Africa. This souped up thriller offers the irresponsible escape that most of us want from Hollywood blockbusters. As the action begins, the world is being threatened by the entity, a nasty piece of AI that's going to annihilate humanity in four days time.


Naturally, our hero Ethan Hunt, that's Cruz, wants to stop both the entity and the velvety villain Gabriel played by Issa Morales, who seeks to control it. Ethan enlists his impossible mission team. There's tech whiz Luther, that's v Rames, Simon pegs, jokey field agent Benji, and the recent edition Grace, A one-time thief played by Hay Atwell who joins the stream of talented B-list actresses that Cruz seems comfortable with. The story is mainly racing around toward a gizmo hidden in a submarine away from the CIA, which foolishly wants to stop.


Ethan. Still, there's plenty of time for bombastic dialogue here. The righteous Luther reassures Ethan that he's doing good work Word. Our lives are the sum of our choices. This is recalling your destiny. I have no regret, Lisa, Not that Ethan needs reassuring reporting directly to President Angela Bassett. He's confident as ever. I need you to trust me one last time Because this is purportedly the last installment.


Unless it makes a fortune. Of course, The Final Reckoning works hard to make the whole series cohere and give it emotional heft. We see flashbacks to stunts from earlier movies. Cruz look so young and callbacks to deaths of characters who've been lost along the way. Yet because mission impossible storylines have always been unabashedly hair-brained, such stabs at Depth Ring Hollow. This isn't like the second season of and or in which we feel the weight of characters dying because they're sacrificing themselves for a cause. Nor does the Mission Impossible series possess any perceptible cultural resonance.


James Bond was an icon of both the British Empire and a certain dated brand of masculinity. He helped shape our culture, not so Ethan, although Bond had no real inner life. Sorry, Daniel Craig. Compared to Ethan, he's positively dust ossian. We at least knew oh oh seven, snobbery, cruelties and pleasures gambling in Monaco, drinking martinis, shaken knot, stirred sleeping with women, then killing them. What Cruz and therefore Ethan lives for is eye-popping stunts. And it's been so since the first Mission Impossible, had him clinging to the outside of a high speed train roaring through the channel.


From England to France, The Final Reckoning boasts two gigantic action sequences. An underwater bit that could have been spectacular were Christopher Macquarie, a better director and a genuinely brara climax that finds crews holding onto the wing of a biplane as it buzzes through and above the bide River Canyon in South Africa. It's this scene that everyone will remember, and of course they'll talk about Cruz doing this stunt himself. Cruz has been on top for over 40 years, as long as John Wayne longer than Kerry Grant. He's not a great actor, but he is a terrific movie star.


Though starting to look his age at 62, he still possesses the boyish energy and commitment of his younger self. Whether sprinting past Big Ben diving into icy waters without a wetsuit, or simply letting the movie idolize him, Cruz is playing hero ball and you know what? He's really good at it. John Powers reviewed Mission Impossible, The Final Reckoning on Monday show. We feature our interview about the life and legacy of Sly Stone. Questlove talks about his documentary, sly Lives, AKA, the Burden of Black Genius on Hulu.


Questlove won the Oscar for another of his music documentaries, summer of Soul. Hope you can join us. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller for Terry Gross and Tanya Mosley. I'm David B. Cooper.


This message is from NPR sponsor Total Wine and More this summer season with so many bottles to choose from, it's easy to find your favorite and more. Find what you love and love what you find. Only at total wine and more drink responsibly B 21.


This message comes from travel, Nevada, sand dunes, old saloons, high noes, pioneer trails and cowboy tales. Snooze emails, get a little out there. Plan your trip@www.travel nevada.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.