
This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney presenting Young Woman and the Sea, an incredible true story from producer Jerry Bruckheimer and starring Daisy Ridley. Now streaming on Disney plus


This is Fresh Air. I'm TV critic David Bean Cooley. Today we're Remembering Shelley Duvall, the actress and TV producer who died last Thursday at age 75. We'll listen back to a conversation between her and Terry Gross from 1992, and we'll begin with this appreciation. Shelly Deval was a student at a junior college in Houston when Robert Altman came to town scouting locations and casting extras for his 1970 movie. Brewster McLeod. The film starred Bud Court later of Harold and Maude as a young loner who lived secretly in a small room in the bowels of the Houston Astrodome. When Altman met Shelly Duvall, he gave her a small supporting role in the movie as an Astrodome tour guide who tries to seduce the Innocent Brewster.


Why don't you come sit over here with me? No, I've gotta be going now. I think Brewster. Here I am, sitting over here on the couch and inviting you to do well. Who knows what I need to sit there and say, oh no, I've gotta go home. Oh, From that small beginning, Shelly Deval quickly became one of the director's favorites, appearing in six more of his movies in increasingly larger and more complex roles. In the 1970s alone, she was in Altman's, McCabe and Mrs. Miller Thieves like us, Nashville, Buffalo, bill, and the Indians, and three women for that drama, which also co-stars, sissy Spacey, and Janice Rule.


Shelly Duvall won the best actress award at the Cannes Film Festival. Her most famous role of all though came when she worked for a different director, Stanley Kubrick, for his 1980 adaptation of Stephen King's, the Shining Jack Nicholson, starred as Jack Torrance, a writer who accepted the job as winter caretaker for a secluded hotel living there alone with his wife Wendy, and their young son Danny. The story has supernatural overtones, but at the core, the Shining is a horror story about child and spousal abuse. Wendy played by Shelly Duvall discovers that their son has been injured and suspects her husband of hurting Danny, carrying a baseball bat.


She goes down to the room where Jack has been working on his novel. She learns to her horror that every page of paper in his manuscript is filled with the same phrase. All work in no play makes Jack a dull boy. And he enters, she's holding the bat, but he's the one who's menacing and scaring her almost to death. I think you have some very definite ideas about what should be done with Danny, and I'd like to know what they are. I think maybe be taken to a doctor. You think maybe he should be taken to a doctor.


When do you think maybe he should be taken to a doctor? As soon as possible. As soon You believe his health might be at stake? Yes. And you are concerned about him? Yes. And are you concerned about me? I'm closer. Of course you are. That same year in 1980, Shelly Duvall co-starred in a movie that couldn't have been more different, a comedy musical based on cartoon characters.


Back with director Robert Alman again, she starred opposite Robin Williams in Popeye, he played Popeye and she played his squeaky voiced girlfriend Olive Oil. The music and lyrics were by Harry Nielsen, and both the songs and her singing were as playfully strange as the movie itself. And all at once. I knew, I knew at once. I knew he needed Me Until the day I die. I wanna know why. I knew he needed me.


Shelly Deval also appeared in such movies as Annie Hall and Time Bandits, but to me, her most impressive achievement of all was as a TV producer. After creating her own company, think Entertainment, she produced and hosted a series of anthology shows for children, tall tales and fables, Shelly Duval's Bedtime Stories, and her first and finest series, which ran on Showtime cable from 1982 to 1987. Fairytale Theater showcased lots of her actor and filmmaker friends. She appeared in a few, but hosted them all. Starting with this one. Hello, I'm Shelly Duvall. Welcome to Fairytale Theater.


For centuries, storytellers have spun their tales of magic and enchantment for the young at heart. Some of your favorite actors, writers, and directors, have come together to bring these classic tales to your home. Some are funny, some are scary, and some romantic. So sit back, relax, and enjoy. Tonight's tale about a princess who finds happiness by keeping her promise to a frog. The Frog Prince. For that very first fairy tale theater, she got her Popeye co-star, Robin Williams to play The Frog Prince with Terry Garr as the princess. Shelly Deval would star in such stories as Rapunzel and Rumpelstiltskin, but most of the time she gave the juicy rolls to others and got everyone to play in her sandbox.


From Vincent Price and Mick Jagger to Susan Sarandon and Jennifer Biles, Paul Rubins played Pinocchio, Liza Minnelli starred in the Princess and the Pea. And in the best of the mall, the three Little Pigs, the Pig with the Brick House was played by Billy Crystal. And the wolf who tried to blow his house down was Jeff Goldblum. Okay, pig, look no more Mr. Nice guy. Either open up now, and I mean now, or I'll huff and I'll huff. Maybe I'll huff again, but I'm gonna blow this house in, Not by the hair of my chinni chin chin. You keep saying that. What do you mean, chin, chin, chin? What does it mean?


It means, No, you asked for it, pal. Great stuff. And the costume set Design and direction were as clever as the performances. Shelly Deval was a pioneer as a TV producer, and she spoke to Terry Gross in 1992 when Duvall was introducing her. Then new animated series, bedtime Stories for Showtime. Terry asked Shelly Deval how she convinced cable executives to give her a series when she had no experience as a producer. Luckily, I, you know, I was kind of well known already as an actress, and I had done The Shining and I was filming Popeye and I had brought along a book of Antique Illustrated fairytales with me, Grims Fairytales to the location, which was on the island of Malta.


And I figured I would definitely have time to read a book. I didn't have time to read the whole book of fairytales, but I was reading The Frog Prince one day and thought that Robin Williams would just make a great frog. He was playing Popeye to my olive oil. And I talked to Robin about it and he said, oh, I'd love that. That'd be great. I'd love to play the frog. And so I introduced him to my friend Eric Idol, who's one of the Monty Pythons. And boy, that was a match made in heaven. So I made out a list of, you know, my wishlist of different fairytales and the cast of actors that I would like to have in them. And I put lots of my Antique illustrated books into two big cloth bags.


And I went walking in the door of Showtime and said, here's what I wanna do. And they said, yes. It was amazing to me too. I mean, boy, they're trusting olive oil as a producer. I thought, well that's risky, but, and I'd never produced anything before. But I did have contacts with a lot of celebrities, luckily, and that was as a result of my acting career. You haven't been making movies lately. Do you think that most casting directors assume that you're not available? And would that assumption be accurate? Well, I think so too. But you can put the word out right here. And right now, I tell you because I, I would love to, I mean, gosh, I go to the movie theater all the time, them, and I see all these good roles and every time I see one, I think, Ooh, I would've loved to have played that role.


But, you know, no matter how good somebody was in the role, but being a producer, I guess you get a view of the bigger picture. And I love the fact that I can produce and still sleep in my own bed, in my own home at night, you know, that I don't, the shining one, for instance, was a year and one month of filming in London. So, and then Popeye six months later was six months of filming on the island of Malta in the middle of the Mediterranean. So after those two movies back to back, I felt like, gosh, if I could only have a house, because I, I grew up in Texas and I have a, this great desire to have put down roots, you know, could you tell us?


And I have a lot of animals. I have 70 birds and 11 dogs and two cats and several lizards and 70 birds. I feel it. Yep. 77 0. And many of them are parrots. But listen, everything in my life, I, I draw from everything in my life. So I've, for instance, written a, a feature story about some of my birds, some of my parrots. Well, I Have to, I have To development now, I I have to stop you here. Do your parrots all say things? Do They all say different things? Oh yes. Absolutely. My parrot talk all the time. It's very noisy at my house. What, what do they say? Particularly in the morning and in the evening that, alright, I have a parrot named Humpty who's a, an Amazon yellow nap.


Amazon. And he is hilarious. He's like the Robin Williams of parrots. I mean, he'll hang upside down from one leg, you know, you think he's gonna fall and you run over there to catch him. And he goes, you know, he'll be calling out, help, help, you know, and you get there and he goes, ah, ha ha. And you know, being the acrobat that he is, flips himself back up upright and, you know, no problem at all. It was no emergency. But he just wanted your attention. They all love songs and they're all memorizing songs like, take me out to the Ball Game. That's a very popular tune at my house. And whistling things like the, the beginning of Somewhere Over the Rainbow so they can whistle that one Very good.


They don't know the lyrics yet, but some songs, they sing the lyrics and some they don't. But I've, I'm on the telephone at home so much, I work a lot out of home on the computer, the fax and the phone. And they hear me on the phone all the time. So Humpty also says to, I taught him this routine too 'cause it was just too funny to pass up. He goes, he goes, telephone, telephone. Hello. Oh hi, how are you? Oh, fantastic. Okay, bye-Bye. He does that whole routine. It's hilarious. And I also taught him two or three of the birds know this one.


They know how does a big dog go? Then he'll go woof. That's how a big dog goes. And then how does a kitty go? And he goes, Meow What a house he must have. I was gonna write some articles for Bird Talk magazine one of these Days. Let me change the subject and get into how you first started to act, which wasn't by design. Would you tell the story of, of how you were first cast in your first movie, Brewster McLeod, directed by Robert Altman? Sure. Well, it all started with art, I guess. And my boyfriend at the time, I was this, I was 20 years old. I had just dropped out of a junior college. I decided to take a six month rest from my science endeavors 'cause I didn't like Vivisection.


And I was taking a, a break and I gave a party for my boyfriend who's an artist. And I was showing his paintings to just some friends of ours. And there were only about 20 people there. I mean, quite often we would give larger parties and his parents' friends would come to our parties and we would, we and our friends would go to their parties. So it wasn't unusual one night when three men walked in whom I didn't know. And one of them said, after they saw the paintings and heard my spiel, they said, we have some patrons of the arts for friends. How would you like to bring the paintings up, say Wednesday at one o'clock? I said, well, Bernard has to go back to art college outside of Dallas so he won't be able to come, but okay, I'll do it.


And I brought the paintings up Wednesday at one o'clock, my mom dropped me off and I went through the whole speech about, you know, what the artist was thinking, and there were a lot of patron looking gentlemen sitting in a semicircle. And I figured, well, he must be legitimate art collectors. And instead of saying at the end of my speech, instead of saying, we want this one and this one and this one, they said, quote unquote, how would you like to be in a movie? And I thought, uhoh, oh, no porno. So I started packing up. I was scared to death. I thought, Oh my gosh, my mother's gonna kill me, my father's gonna kill me. I'm really scared. So I started packing up and I was rushing toward the door with the paintings, and I had one hand on the doorknob and the other one with the portfolio under my arm.


And they said, well, wait a minute, this is for real. This is for MGM, you know, the lion that roars. And this is Robert Altman who just did the movie called Mash, which opens today, would you like 10 free tickets? And they said, I took the tickets by the way. And they said, well, wait a minute, just give us a telephone number where we can reach you and let us take a Polaroid picture. So the Polaroid is of course, with me, with one hand on the doorknob ready to leave. And I wish I still had that picture. And the telephone number I decided to give them just in case, was my father's office phone number. Now my dad's a criminal lawyer. I figured if they can get past my dad, they must be legitimate. So when you started acting, was this something that you secretly always wanted to do but never thought that you could?


Or was it, Was it something that you, you couldn't care less About? No, I looked at movies. Yeah, I looked at movies as paintings. You know, I, I, they were beautiful and I, I didn't think I was an artist. I mean, I, I didn't know, actually, I didn't think this was a career until after I had finished my third film, which was also for Robert Altman. I, I've, altogether I've done seven films with Robert Altman and the last of which being Popeye, which was an unlikely choice for him. But that Third film that you mentioned was Thieves Like Us, right? Thieves Like Us, One of your best known movies. The Shining was directed by Stanley Kubrick, who I think, I think in some ways is probably opposite in style to Robert Alt Altman in the sense that every shot is really well planned in advance and Oh, yes, you know, carefully storyboarded, everything's like very meticulously planned with Altman.


I know there's a lot of spontaneity and improvisation. Oh, Robert Altman's famous for his wonderful first takes. You know, many, many, many shots in his films are first takes and one and only takes. And with Kubrick And with Kubrick, I don't think anything's printed before the 35th takes. And that's after about 50 videotaped rehearsals with playback. So it was a very, very difficult experience for me to change over to that style. Plus the nature of the role was that I had to be very upset the, for most of the film, for, so for nine months out of that one year and one month of shooting, I had to be crying and hysterical and hyperventilating.


And that's physically almost impossible to do. I did do it. I don't think that I could ever do it again. I had to cry. He expected full tears on first rehearsal. And I kept trying to explain to him, Stanley, you don't understand. I'm losing all my water weight here. I mean more water weight than I have to give. And, you know, you just, it really wouldn't be that way in real life. What, what did you do to get the tears flowing? I mean, it's, it's one thing to once a night on stage have to cry or, well, I have, yeah. Oh, I'm sorry.


I have a, a favorite classical piece of music that I listen to, to cry, and it's a beautiful, beautiful piece by Sir Thomas Tallis. It's called The Lark Ascending, and he's an English composer and it's performed by St. Martin in the fields conducted by Neville Mariner. And if you have that in your collection, you could play it. It's absolutely gorgeous. And I listened to that. And when that violin would hit that, those higher notes, it worked every time, except for a few times when I just literally dried up. I was so exhausted. But I, that was a very difficult film for me. I mean, Jack and I both got kind of ill when from the smoke that they were using, they were using church incense to smoke up the room, you know, the big, the grand room where Jack chases me around with, with the knife, with the bat, well, with the baseball.


Well, I hit him, it culminates in me hitting him with the baseball bat. It's the, the grand room with the, with the grand piano in it where, where all Jack all work and no play makes Jack a doll Boy, that scene. Oh yeah, I love that scene, which was, which was on the call sheet for three weeks. We shot that for three weeks. It was all done with the steady cam all in one shot. And that was a very, very difficult time. But we both got bronchitis from that. No, I, I, I believe that you turned down Robert Altman once for, for a wedding that you turned down a role in the film. Yes, I did. I, I had plans and I had rented a house, and it would've meant losing, you know, losing my summer and losing the plans that I had made and losing the money that I'd put up on the house.


So I figured better not, you know, you can't lose your perspective on life there, you know that I won't do anything for a job. Shelly Duvall speaking to Terry Gross in 1992, the actress and producer who starred in many Robert Altman films and The Shining and produced Shelly Duvall's Fairytale Theater died last Thursday at age 75. After a break, we'll remember Dr. Ruth Westheimer, the diminutive grandmotherly German Jewish sex therapist who became a media star. She died last week at age 96, also critic at large. John Powers reviews the new movie Twisters, and I review the new Apple TV plus nonfiction food series Omnivore.


I'm David Bian Cooley, and This is Fresh Air. No one ever asked before, before because they never needed Me, but I do. But he Die. Maybe it's, maybe it's he's never had a hole. He needs me. He needs me, he needs me. He needs me. He needs me. He needs Me For once, for once in life, I finally felt that someone needed me.


And if it turns out real, the love can turn the wheel because he needs me. He needs me, he needs me, he needs me, he needs me, he needs me.


This message comes from Schwab. It's easy to invest in ideas you believe in with Schwab investing themes like online music and videos, artificial intelligence and electric vehicles choose from over 40 customizable themes more@schwab.com.


This episode sponsor is Carvana, which offers the following message. Whether you're looking to sell your car in a hurry or thinking about parting ways with your trusty ride, Carvana is the convenient way to sell your car. Go to Carvana dot com to get an offer for your vehicle in seconds.


The Republican National Convention is happening this week, and the NPR Politics Podcast takes you there. We're on the ground in Milwaukee with analysis, recaps, and coverage of what happens every night of the RNC. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast.


This is Fresh Air. I'm TV critic, David Bean Cooley, apple tv. Plus's newest nonfiction series is an eight part food series called Omnivore, hosted by celebrity chef Renee Redzepi of the internationally renowned restaurant, Noma in Copenhagen. It's not about competitions or specific recipes. Instead, omnivore is about the history and cultural impact of eight specific ingredients each given its own program from tuna and pigs to coffee and salt. This is the story of everyday items that have changed the world in ways most of us have never considered. Add them all up and you get a recipe for humanity.


Every episode of Omnivore focuses on a specific food ingredient from spices to meats, but there's an additional ingredient that runs through all eight episodes. The secret ingredient is passion and omnivore is bursting with it. Omnivore is co-created by Renee Redzepi, who appears on camera and narrates. That was his voice you heard in the opening. His main collaborator is Matt Goulding, whose last food series was with Anthony Bourdain. Goulding writes most episodes while his chef host tells stories, loves putting things in a wider perspective, and asks a lot of questions not only to his fellow chefs and food enthusiasts, but directly to viewers as in this show on Chili's, which covers everything from the mild peppers used to make paprika to the nastiest ones at the fiery end of the Scoville scale, which measures the heat of a particular pepper.


What's the spiciest thing you've ever eaten? Take a moment to think about this. Do you remember how you felt the detonation of your nervous system, how the pain broke across your body, the throbbing burn in your mouth as if you swallowed a firecracker? Will I ever be the same? You begin to wonder, You know, those scenes on the scripted Hulu series, the Bear, when Carmi and the other chefs obsess over ingredients, draw sketches of imagined dishes and savor each step in the cooking process. The cooks in omnivore from all over the world do that too, and a lot more. Their interest doesn't begin.


Once the ingredients show up at the restaurant, they're fascinated not only by the quality of the items they use, but by the labor it takes to produce and distribute them and where they come from. And why? When I first started out as a cook, salt was just salt. It was the same fine table salt that any restaurant had. Only when I start really traveling and exploring the world, I realized there's more to salt than just salt. Chef Renee is so into it. He talks about salt caverns the way Werner Hertz discusses cave paintings sounds like him too. Skimmed from mountain ponds, carved from caverns, boiled from the ocean, dynamite from mines, pink Mountain Blackwell Canyon blue crystal of all the salt rested from the earth.


Few have the quality or the cachet of the salt skimmed from the tidal pools of France's Western coastline. Each episode makes you appreciate things in a new way. Halfway through the episode on coffee, after seeing how much love and care went into the harvesting, drying, and sorting of quality coffee beans in a Rwanda co-op, I stopped to brew a fresh cup and taste my randan coffee. Really taste it for the first time. The episode on bananas covered not only imperialism and passed and present banana blight, but also how one man and one company popularized the banana in postwar America and beyond Minor Keith's business, the United Fruit Company flooded the market with newspaper ads, radio jingles, even a book called The Food Value of Banana.


New recipes were invented, pamphlets were handed out in classrooms touting their nutritional benefits. They turned to doctors, celebrities, and of course a little anthropomorphized banana. To get the message out, I'm Chiquita Banana and I've come to say bananas have to ripen in a certain Way. The result, bananas went from an obscure jungle fruit to one of the most popular items in the Western Pantry in a matter of a few years. Even in the episode on pigs, omnivore goes in unexpected directions like the treasured Iberian, black-footed pigs of central Spain.


We meet an Iberian pork ambassador who travels the globe and a village pig caretaker and a highly specialized carver. An American butcher might divide a pig into 12 pieces, A Chinese butcher, maybe 18. In Spain, a real butcher breaks down a pig into 32 pieces. A mixture of prized specialty cuts sold fresh and upwards of a dozen different pieces that will be salted and cured to stretch through the seasons. It's an ancient craft that conveys both respect and necessity. Born out of a 2000 year old tradition of turning a single animal into a year's worth of eating The way Omnivore tells this story, you care deeply about the pig, which is revered by the locals, but you care about the pig caretaker and the butcher as well.


The pig sustains the people, and the people revere it for its sacrifice and give it the best life they can. You have to live. Life is the moral we're given, and that moral pertains to the pig and the villagers. It also goes for the coffee growers of Rwanda who fought their way back from genocide. And for the tuna harvesters of Southern Spain who can continue to use ancient techniques to provide for some of the most demanding sushi chefs in the world. They're all devoted to what they do and extremely skilled and overwhelmingly passionate in omnivore and maybe in life itself. Passion turns out to be the most essential ingredient of all coming up.


We remember Dr. Ruth, the diminutive grandmotherly German Jewish sex therapist who became a media star. This is Fresh Air. There's a new way to support this show, end public media. Please consider signing up for the NPR Plus podcast bundle. NPR plus listeners get to unlock sponsor free shows and bonus episodes. You can find out more@plus.npr.org. And thanks.


This episode is brought to you by Synchrony Bank. There's talking about saving and there's doing it. Synchrony Bank empowers you to tackle your savings goals with a newsworthy 4.75% a PY on their high yield savings account. Enjoy flexible access to your money and knowing it's earning a great rate with no monthly fees or minimums. It's never been easier to take control of your financial future. Go to synchrony bank.com/npr. Member FDIC


From Cowboy Carter to Old Town Road to Yellowstone. The symbol of the cowboy has been riding high for a few years now. But my big question is, why are we turning to the cowboy? What's actually holding the reins on America's imagination and what does it reflect about our psyche? Listen to, it's been a minute from NPR.


NPR Plus is a new way to support public media and get more from your favorite NPR podcasts like Fresh, Air. Sometimes I'll actually preface the question with, if it makes you too uncomfortable to talk about, if it's too personal, just tell me. Here's the question For behind the scenes content bonus episodes and more, sign up@plus.npr.org.


Now, we'd like to remember Dr. Ruth Westheimer, the four seven grandmotherly German Jewish psychologist who became an unlikely sex therapist on radio and tv. She died last week at the age of 96. Her matter of fact, sex advice along with her funny, lively personality, made her a national media celebrity. Here she is appearing on late night with Conan O'Brien in 1996, giving him some romantic advice. So what you, what it means a good relationship. It does mean laughter. Yes. And in that You, I get a lot of laughter in bed. No problem there. I would think that you might be very good in bed because you know a little bit.


Keep talking about this, about how I would, how I would be good in bed. Because you know how to make conversation. You know how to look into her eyes. Yes. Look At you. Look at you. Yeah. You know how to promise her. Maybe an engagement ring, something like that. You lost me there, but, but it's all about, you're right. So much of it. pe you know, guys get hung up on their body and stuff like that. But what you're saying is that that doesn't matter, right? What I'm Saying now, thank God for that. Dr. Ruth's media career was launched in 1980 with a 15 minute after midnight Sunday segment on WYNY in New York City.


That led to TV shows, sex guidebooks, speaking engagements and appearances in commercials, advertisements, even in film. Terry spoke with Dr. Ruth in 1996. Dr. Ruth had just written a book about the changing family. Her own family was exterminated in the Holocaust. She grew up in Frankfurt, Germany and was 10 when her synagogue was destroyed in 1938, during what became known as Crystal knocked Shortly thereafter, her parents sent her out of the country to safety. I was an only child at the age of 10. My mother and grandmother, 'cause my father had already been taken by the Nazis to a lay back camp, put me on a train to Switzerland and I thought this would be, and they thought it would be for six months.


And out of the six months, the whole kinder transport, the entire group of children who left Germany stayed in Switzerland for six years. And it became not the children, it wasn't the children's homes anymore, it became an orphanage. So for me, the word family has a tremendous amount of emotions attached to it. I know what it means to live without a family. I'd like to hear a little bit more about your family. When after your mother put you on the train to Switzerland to get out of Nazi Germany, did she and your grandmother tried to flee also?


It was too late already. It's a very good question, Terry. I was told I did not want to leave. I was an only child, rather spoiled 13 doll. And I did not want to leave. I was told that if I am not leaving, my father could not return from labor camp. So I had no choice. Y you write that in the orphanage in Switzerland, that the message was drummed into all of you. Never complain. You're lucky to be alive. Do you think that was a, a healthy attitude to have Today? From my vantage point of being, of being an educator today, I would question that very much.


However, my philosophy of life came from my early socialization. That that was such a good one. The first 10 years of my life where in an Orthodox Jewish home and in that way I could survive. But if you ask me, was that pedagogically sound to tell children who have lost everything, who didn't have in that children's home, never had money to even buy a bar of chocolate even though we were in Switzerland, the country of chocolates.


If you say to me that, to then say to children, you have to be grateful because you have a roof over your head and you are being fed is a big problem. That would actually, that could be the subject of another book of mine. What's the problem? The problem is that the educators, we are not educators. The people who were placed in charge of us were themselves. Refugees themselves sent out, pushed out of Nazi Germany with all the anxieties, with all the uncertainties that that implies. So these were people who didn't know any better.


I don't waste my time hating because they did not know any better. And again, here, fortunately, there were a few adults, one Swiss woman that is popping up, popping in my mind, Helen Eser, who not Jewish, who was instrumental in giving us some friendship. There were other adults and then mainly they were the children themselves who gave comfort to each other. Now, your mother was actually pregnant with you before she and your father married? Yes. Was that considered shameful? Did they consider that shameful? Absolutely. But you know what? What? That's why I wrote it in my autobiography.


Somebody who read the draft said, why are you writing that your mother was pregnant with you then your father married her, that you were pregnant with your daughter before you married her father. I was gonna bring that up in a second. I know, I know. You already, Terry. So let me just tell you and I, my answer to be goda, my coauthor now, and my coauthor on the autobiography was, I'm not a saint. I want to show that what I talk about is some of the issues that I have experienced and I want to show things happen in life.


Let me ask you how you found out about your mother being pregnant before marriage. Did she tell you that? No, she never would've told me. Ever, ever. And I was, I was 10 years old. I once looked at some documents after the war, many years later when I started to do my master thesis. And lo and behold, I saw the marriage date and I know when I was born, I said, aha. They loved each other and they loved each other so well that here I am. And then they got married in Frankfurt of those years that was considered, it is not like today in even our country and in other countries in, in the Frankfurt, in an Orthodox Jewish family of those days, that was considered a very big problem.


Did this seem really out of character to you when you found out that your mother had actually had sexual relations with your father before marriage? On the one hand, yes. And on the other hand, my father was a very good looking man. So that's all I can say about that. He was not only spirited and very intelligent and he, I I also know that my grandmother who lived with us, my mother's father, who had a tremendous influence on me because she was a very smart devoutly religious woman. I know that she was not happy about that because I do remember some fights, but in the days, I didn't know why there were fights.


My mother was working in the household of her mother-in-Law. So it wasn't just that he bought a home for one night. Right. Your mo your mother worked as, as the the house cleaner, Absolute father's house, right? Absolutely. Absolutely. I I, I could see the potential for scandal here And then, and then I became a housemate in Switzerland. I have an official diploma of a housemate, Which you used actually when you first moved to America, A dollar an hour. And I supported my little girl. But now Terry, right away, we have to say I am married now for 35 years with the same men, and I have two children.


And Terry, I have two grandchildren. Nobody in the whole wide world has grandchildren like mine. I've I've heard that before. Nobody, Terry, a 6-year-old grandson and a three months old granddaughter. And I have to say something to you, seriously speaking, when I look at these grandchildren and I see them every single week, I say Hitler and the Nazis did not want me to have grandchildren. And look at this triumph. People are always asking, why is it that people who who aren't married, who aren't ready to have children, would risk having sexual relations without using birth control?


I wanna find out why, why you did that. You were pregnant before you were married. You, you hadn't intended on becoming pregnant. I assume you knew about birth Control. That's not true. What, what I I was a little stupid by hoping that I wouldn't get pregnant, but basically I already knew that I would marry the father of my daughter. Even so afterwards we separated and I deep down said Oh, my gosh, I'm 29 years old. I'm only four, seven, maybe I will never have a child. So deep down I do remember that I, I wanted that pregnancy. So I, there is no question that I already knew this man is going to be the father of my daughter.


I'm gonna marry him. I did not know that once she was a year old, we would separate that. I did not know. I thought like everybody thinks this is going to work out, but you see somehow things in life do work out because when I remarried, my husband adopted Miriam. I made sure that she always knew that she was adopted. Can I ask you how you learned the facts of life? Yes. Growing up in a home for, for for children during World War II in Switzerland? No, I knew already the facts of life because my parents had a book by Vanderbilt, the Ideal Marriage. I remember exactly what it looked like and it was hidden and I was very short.


I was even shorter than now. But I do remember that I took a chair, I climbed up. I knew in that bookcase where that book was and that's where I read. I thought, Oh my gosh, look where babies come from. Were you shocked? Was it upsetting to you to find That out? Yes. And then it was a girlfriend who taught me about menstruation in the bushes. An older girl also in Frankfurt. Before I went to Switzerland, my mother and grandmother said, we have to tell you some things before you go. I said, don't talk to me. I know it all. I didn't know it all, but that's what I thought.


I knew it all. From what you had learned about sexuality when you were young, what were your expectations? I mean, did you think that it was going to be something that was like extraordinary, something that was going to be frightening? I fortunately already in Switzerland had that boyfriend and we discovered wonderfully early in life about, not about sexual intercourse, but about kissing and hugging and necking and touching. So I knew there is a, there are some good things coming. I didn't know I would be Dr. Ruth Westheimer the sex therapist, but I knew that there are some good things in store.


Well, Dr. Ruth, I wanna thank you very much for talking with us. Thank you, Terry. Thank you very much. Dr. Ruth Westheimer recorded in 1996. She died last week at the age of 96. Coming up, critic at large John Powers reviews the new summer blockbuster Twisters. This is Fresh Air. On this week's episode of Wild Card poet Nikki Giovanni says, you can choose your family. I recommend dogs, but they're faithful, they're they're intelligent, and they always love you. I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPRs Wild Card podcast, the game where Cards Control the Conversation New from the embedded podcast.


I hear by declare the house representatives of the 113th Journal assembly of the state of Tennessee. Now in session, What happens when three moms set out to change the way state politics work? We are smart and we are swift. We are not going anywhere. Listen to super majority from NPRs embedded and WPLN all episodes out. Now, If you think the economy makes no sense right now, You are probably right because even economists can't explain it lately. But Our podcast, the Indicator from Planet Money, We're a little dose of clarity on the biggest economic questions of the day And about the forces that affect your life In 10 minutes or less every weekday.


The indicator from Planet Money from NPR, The new movie Twisters Stars Glen Powell and Daisy Edgar Jones as two intrepid storm chasers who compete with each other to find the biggest tornadoes. The movie is directed by Lee Isaac Chung, whose previous film Meaner E was nominated for the Academy Award. For best picture, our critic at large John Powers says Twisters is a pleasurable summer blockbuster with all the virtues and limitations. That phrase suggests, I spent my boyhood in small Iowa towns. One afternoon my mother and I were on the back steps gazing down across the highway at cornfields that seemed to go on forever.


Suddenly the air got eerily still. Look, mom said a couple of miles away, a funnel cloud eased itself down and began winding across the countryside. Luckily in the other direction, I sat there odd and transfixed and have loved watching tornadoes ever since. I'm clearly not alone, which is why we have twisters an entertaining new summer blockbuster. Inspired by the 1996 summer blockbuster twister, which introduced airborne cows into the cinematic lexicon, directed by Lee Isaac Chung, who made Meri Twisters isn't a sequel proper, but it story beats mirror the original formula which embeds an old fashioned romantic comedy inside a modern effects happy action movie Whooshing with sucked up bodies and tumbling semis.


It's about love and loss among the brave souls who spend their lives chasing tornadoes. English actress Daisy Edgar Jones Stars at Kate Carter, A one-time storm chaser who's become a New York meteorologist after a tragic encounter with a tornado, five years later, she's lured back to her native Oklahoma by her old comrade Javi. A thankless role, nicely played by Anthony Ramos. Javi has come across equipment to get better data on tornadoes and he needs her to join his high powered team. You see, Kate has an almost magical nose for where the big ones will strike. Reluctantly, she agrees. For one week in Oklahoma, Kate discovers that there are arrival storm chasers.


The main one is Tyler Owens. That's Glenn Powell from Hitman, a cocky muscled up YouTube star who shoots fireworks into funnel clouds sells T-shirts saying Not my first tornado, and leads a motley crew of hell raisers. Kate thinks he's a hustling hotdog. Tyler thinks she's a fetchingly out of place. New Yorker, even before they're meat. Cute. We know they're made for each other. They're bound by a shared obsession with tornadoes here. Driving off to find one Javi asks What's happening up ahead? Kate and Tyler, explain. We See, okay, already has a nice structure. Moisture levels are just right and lots of cape.


What else are you seeing? Flow is clean, pulling tons of warm, moist air from the south, and When that warm air moisture busts through the cap, it explodes in the atmosphere creating anvil. The vertical wind shear begins to rotate the updraft forming a meza cyclone. And here's the mystery. We don't know how a tornado forms, we see the hook on the radar, but What are all the invisible factors coming together? Every little detail that Happens has to be perfect, and it's a mix of what we know and everything we can't understand. It's part science, part religion. Now Chung is the latest indie director to move straight from small personal films to big budget extravaganzas.


In truth, the fit isn't perfect, although the action scenes are reasonably exciting. I kept wishing Chung had a better pop sense, especially in his handling of space. His camera is often too close to the character's faces, and while the movie does offer immersively granular views of debris swirling in a vortex, it never achieves the thrilling sense of a tornado's power and scale that comes from keeping our visual distance. Twisters updates the original by making its heroine, not its hero, the center of gravity, but it lasts. The script doesn't let Kate be a whole lot of fun. Although Edgar Jones is a good actress, she was terrific on the TV series, normal people, she lacks the big screen electricity of an Emma Stone or Jennifer Lawrence.


She's a bit overmatched by Powell, a continent actor who seems to think that there's an Academy Award for smugness that's not a swipe, at least not completely carrying himself like a movie star in a world of extras, he boasts the energy and charisma to make the love story work. As for the storms themselves, twisters shows the shattering damage caused by tornadoes, and it tweaks the greedy entrepreneurs who swoop in to buy cheap property from the desperate victims, yet fearing controversy, it never so much as mentions climate change. Chung has said that this is because he doesn't want to quote Preach. He only wants to show our world.


But in our world, meteorologists like Tyler and Kate talk about and believe in climate change. Then again, it's the nature of summer blockbusters not to fret over much about reality. To Jack up the suspense twisters gives us an imaginary Oklahoma whose citizens are so dim that even though they live smack dab in tornado alley are bombarded by newscasts warning of biblically large tornadoes. See, nearby towns get pulverized and find themselves buffeted by winds as they stand in the street. They still need Tyler and Kate to tell them to take shelter. Such cluelessness helps make Twisters an exciting movie.


But if I was a sooner, I might be tempted to sue. John Powers reviewed the new film Twisters on Monday show our postponed interview with David Leach about performing and directing dangerous and wild movie stunts. He was a stunt double for Brad Pitt. Matt Damon and Keanu Reeves Leach produced and directed the new action comedy film, the Fall Guy starring Ryan Gosling as a stunt man who has to perform stunts in his real life in order to save his life. I hope you can join us. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Herzfeld, and Deanna Martinez.


For Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley, I'm David Bian Cooley On Wait, wait. We ask very well-known people about things that people don't know about them. Like what was Malala Yusef's eye doing when she heard she'd won the Nobel Peace Prize? I went to my physics class. I said I have to finish my school day because when you get the Nobel Peace Prize for education, you have to finish your school day. I'm Peter Zagel for the Real Secrets of the Rich and Famous. Listen to the Wait, wait. Don't Tell Me Podcast from NPR This summer on Planet Money, we're bringing you the entire history of the world, at least the economics part. It's Planet Money Summer School. Every week we'll invite in a brilliant professor and play classic episodes about the birth of money banks and finance.


There will be rogues and revolutionaries and a lot of panics Summer school, every Wednesday till Labor Day on the Planet Money Podcast from NPR.