
NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org. This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bean Cooley. Today we're remembering Maryanne Faithfull, the recording artist and actress who died last week at age 78. We'll listen back to two interviews, Terry Gross, conducted with her one from 1994, the other from 2005. In 1994, Maryanne Faithfull had just published her autobiography when she was 17.


A Chance meeting in London with Andrew Lu Oldham, who managed a young blues group called The Rolling Stones Letter to record before they did one of the first compositions by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards. It was As Tears Go By and was a hit for Maryanne Faithfull. In 1964, She had a string of popular recordings In the UK and established quickly a reputation she would develop and build upon all her life, interpreting the songs of others in her distinctly emotional way.


She appeared on TV lip-syncing or hit records, but seldom looked at the camera, caught instead in some sort of pensive mood. And she acted on stage in film as well. In 1967, she appeared on stage opposite Glenda Jackson in Chekhov's three Sisters In 1969, she appeared in a film version of Hamlet playing Ophelia, but with success came complications. Famously she became Mick Jagger's girlfriend, then overdosed in a suicide attempt and fell into a coma. She survived that as later in life. She also survived heroin addiction, breast cancer, a decade long bout with Hepatitis C, and most recently a hospitalization for COVID-19.


But when she could, she performed as a cabaret artist and acted on film and television, including playing God in three episodes of the British sitcom. Absolutely fabulous. Maryanne Faithfull recorded 22 solo albums, and the range of songs she covered over the decades was breathtakingly diverse, just as her vocals were raw and intense. She recorded songs by the Beatles, Bob Dylan, John Lennon, Kurt Vile, and collaborated with Steve Earl and Angelo Mente. Terry Gross first spoke with Maryanne Faithfull in 1994 upon the publication of Faithfull, an autobiography In the book.


She writes that when she went into rehab in 1985, part of the therapy process was for each person to tell his or her story. That's when she realized there was a blank in her life. She had a sense of being In the Rolling Stones scene when she and Mick Jagger were lovers In the sixties, but she had no idea what her own story was. I think that's one of the saddest things In the book that that bit where, where I'm in Hazelden and they asked me to tell my story and I, I actually rang Ellen Smith, my publicist, and said to her, please send me up and down with the Rolling Stones. 'cause they want my story. Which was A book about the Stones. Yes. That's what I, that is sort of very telling.


You know, What led to that feeling that you didn't know what Your person was? Well, I didn't know when I said that, that I didn't have a story. I mean, I still thought that my story was the same story as the Rolling Stones. I didn't learn, I didn't figure this out for another year. I'm very slow. So tell us the story of how you met m Mick Jagger. Well, I went along to a party with my first boyfriend, John Dunbar, who was a friend of Peter and Gordon, and Paul McCartney was going out with Jane Asher. It's so hard to remember all these things, and somehow John was always up for a party.


And especially then when we were very young. I mean, I was 17 and he must have been 19, you know, 19, 20 no more. But, you know, it was just a party, but it was a dead glam party, I suppose, even for London. And it was a lot of fun, I suppose. Yes. I mean, it, it's somewhat sort of colored in my imagination now by the fact that I was discovered there. But What do you mean you were discovered there? I was just, well, that's where Andrew Oldham saw me. I was discovered by several people at that party. Actually, Andrew Oldham is the only person I gave my address to. And he was the producer of, of your first records?


Yes. And of the Rolling Stones. Yes. He, He, he dis he managed the Rolling Stones, made their early records. Now, what did he discover in you? Was it your look or did he know that you sang? No, no, no. He didn't know. I sang. That was just a sort of bit of luck. I think In, in your memoir, you reprint a press release that was written for when As Tears Go By was released, and it says, Maryanne Faithfull is the little 17-year-old blonde who still attends a convent in Reding Daughter of the Barrenness Risso. She has ly some and Lovely with long blonde hair, a shy Loss of alliteration in this press release, isn't it? Yes. A shy smile and a liking for people who are long haired and socially conscious.


Maryanne Diggs, Marlon Brando would bind cigarettes, poetry, going to the ballet and wearing long evening dresses. She is shy, wistful wife, like Now what, what did you think of that image of yourself? I thought it was a hoot. I remember taking it back to, to my mum and sitting in, in Millman Road reading it to my mother and Chris, my brother. We just fell about laughing. You know, I never in my wildest dreams thought that people would think I was like that. Although I did dig Marlon Brando. That's, that's true. And I was at a convent and my mother was a Baroness. But apart from that, but then again, you know, I, I can't be too sort of sticky about this because it's quite obvious that we n none of us really see ourselves as others see us Now.


Now you, you ended up doing a lot of drugs. Mm. Doing a lot of heroin. How did you start doing heroin? I used it as a coping mechanism, I think For coping With what? For coping with my life. And it, it worked for a while, but it did have a tremendous drawback, which was that it was addictive and it would kill you. How long did it take you to figure that out? Ages. Very long time. But I did figure it out eventually. Thank God. Now, I, I wanna play a, a song that you wrote the lyrics for called Sister Morphine.


Mm. That was released in England in 1969. Tell me a little bit about where, where you were in your life when you wrote the song and what the lyrics are about. I don't know. I, it's a very weird thing about Sister Morphine because, you know, I, it was knocking about the house for six months and Mick was playing it all the time And playing, playing the melodies, Playing the Yes, the, the, the basic thing, da da da da da, that, that thing all the time. So it went into my sort of whole sort of nervous system, blood burns or everything. I really had it in my head in every, I knew it by heart.


Let's say it say that. Anyway, and then I rem I mean, I remember it, and I'm sure Mick does too. It was very peculiar. I just sat down, picked up a, a legal pad and a pencil and wrote, wrote it out, you know, and there it was. And, but I do that sometimes. It's obvious. I work on it in my head, and then when it's ready, I do it. Why don't we hear Sister Morphine? This is Arian Faithfull recorded in 1969.


Maryanne Faithfull is Mike Gaston. She's written an autobiography called Faithfull the Record Company. Deca you say yanked this record about two days after it was released. Mm. What was, they took it off the shelves. What was their objection? Well, there were many. The lyrics were very ahead of their time. It's one thing for Lou Reed to sing heroine, obviously. It was completely, this is something I really didn't understand that this thing about me being this beautiful little angel was real. I never really believed that. I couldn't believe it. So I suppose for Decker, you know, the last thing they put out by Marianne Faithfull, I can't remember what it was, was summer nights say, I think it was, that was in 1965.


And then in 1969, they're given sister morphine and they couldn't unlive. You said that after you became a junkie, that it actually brought you an anonymity that you hadn't known since you were 16, since 17. That is, you, you were living on the street. Did that, I'm sure that wasn't exactly though the kind of anonymity that you wanted. Well, I hadn't wanted celebrity In the first place. I just went to a party and got discovered, and I hadn't had time to think about whether I wanted it or not. So the anonymity I got In the street was very valuable to me. Where were you living?


How did you live during those years? Well, I lived on a wall. I lived on a wall in Soho, and it was an amazing time for me. It, when I really had couldn't take it, I could always go back to my mother's, you know, it wasn't like I, I had nothing. I wasn't exactly the same as the street people, but they didn't mind that. Maryanne Faithfull speaking to Terry Gross in 1994. After a break, we'll listen to a later conversation from 2005. This is Fresh Air.


Hey, it's a Martinez, a lot of short daily news podcasts. Focus on one story, but sometimes you need for up first on NPR, we bring you the three top world headlines every single day in under 15 minutes, because no one story can capture all that's happening in, on any given morning. So listen to The Up First podcast from NPR.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts, free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to Nvs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


We're continuing our remembrance of singer, songwriter and actress Maryanne Faithfull, who died last week at age 78. Let's switch now to an interview. Terry recorded with her. In 2005, Maryanne Faithfull had just released a new CD called Before the Poison, featuring several songs she had co-written with PJ Harvey and Nick Cave. This song, mystery of Love, has Words in Music by PJ Harvey.


The mystery of love belongs to you Now. Now your voice is very dark, your voice is very different from the way it was at the start of your Career. Well, obviously Yes. Well, well, some people's voices change more than others. Yeah. Mine was always, you know, I studied singing at school when I was young. And my singing teacher used to say to me in hushed tones, you know, you have a soprano now. But I think if you are very, very lucky, it'll become a control tool.


And why did your teacher think that that would be good luck if it, if it didn't? Well, it's a very rare thing to have. It's Kathleen Ferry. You know, there are very few real controllers, and I'm one of them. I don't know what you'll make of this, but I think of you as being similar to Billie Holiday and Lana as having as great singers whose voices were very different at the beginning and, and indeed end of their careers. Yeah, of course. But that's partly technical, like I told you. But it's also experience. It's in my case. I mean, thank you very much for comparing me in any way with my great heroines, Billie Holiday and Lanya.


But in my case, and I'm sure in their case, you know, a lot of it is down to experience. You get the voice you really want. You get what I suppose a writer would call it, finding my voice. Was there anything that you missed about that pure soprano that you had, you know, the high notes or that Oh, sure. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if I hadn't been discovered by Andrew Derman gone into the pop business, I would've probably either become an actress or I might have gone to the Royal Academy of Music in London and I could have sung Mozart.


I would've enjoyed that. But on the other hand, you know, I kind of, I, it was very exciting to be in at the beginning of a new thing, which is what, what was happening in London In the early sixties. And I was right there. You know, it's interesting, like As Tears Go By, which is your famous first hit, you're singing in an almost un inflected voice. That's what Andrew wanted. That's what he wanted. Why? This is Andrew Lu. Luke Oldham was who was your producer? And he was the Rolling Stones producer. He was my manager. Oh, I'm sorry. Okay. Yeah. And, and I suppose he was the producer too. Yeah.


So why did he want it un inflected? I Don't know. I think he wanted me to sound like Mick. Huh. I really don't know. You'd have to ask Andrew. It's so interesting 'cause there's so much drama in your singing now. Well, yeah. But, but that's my natural thing. Maybe I didn't have that yet. Well, you know, you mentioned that a Lot of I was only 17. Right, right. I don't think I had any, Any drama. No. And I was terribly, terribly nervous. So probably the natural thing I did was just sort of do what I do. And I'm very frightened as pretend I'm very small and stay very still and do as little as possible.


Now, you mentioned that Lana is one of your music heroes. Mm. So I thought maybe we could listen to a recording in which you sing Kurt Vile. Mm. And you made a recording. You, you've, you've done a lot of Kurt Vile over The years. I've done two records Yeah. Of, of the Brecht vile cannon. The first one was the Cabaret record, which was 20th Century Blues, which I love. But my actual total favorite of all time is the Seven Deadly Sins. But play something from from 20th Century Blues Play Pirate. Jenny. I like Pirate Jenny. 'cause it's so fierce.


And, and Paul Paul Trueblood is at the piano and he, he sounds very, Paul True Blood is such a great musician. And I was so lucky to work with him. And, and I'm very fond of him. Well, well, well, let's, let's go for the drama and here Pirate Jenny. And this is from Marion Faithful's album, 20th Century Blues with Paul True Blood at the piano. You allowed See me wash the glasses, wipe the floors, make the beds. I'm the best of servants. You can kindly throw me pennies. And I thank you very much. And you'll see me ragged and tattered in this dirty cocktail.


You don't know in hell who's talking, you still don't know in hell who's talking yet. One fine day there will be Rah from the Harbor and you'll ask, what is all that screeching for? And you'll see me smiling as I dunk the glasses. And you'll say, what's she got to smile at four. And the she eight sail shining 55. Karen's white weights there at the Key.


You say, work on Wipe the Glass is my girl. And just slip me a day. Maryanne Faithfull, how are you introduced to the music of Kurt file? Well, I sort of grew up with it, you know, my, both my parents, I don't know how they did it. I dunno how my mother did this, but she brought 70 eights with her from Vienna. And a lot of the songs on 20th Century Blues are my mother's favorite songs or my father's favorite songs. Like My Father's favorite song was Falling in Love Again. Huh. And he loved Cole Porter and he loved all sorts of things like that.


Yeah. So is that like the first music you heard? I suppose it is, yes. Yeah. Was your mother a singer? I had rather she No, no, no, No, no, no, no. My mother was a dancer. Oh. She was very young, of course. And she was only 24 when Mr. Hitler marched into Vienna In the Anulus. But she was a dancer in Berlin and she, as she would be coming into the theater to rehearse as the quarter ballet for Mr. Reinhardt, would see Kurt vile and battle staggering out In the morning, having been up all night writing the threatening opera.


And they would all bob a little curtsy and say, Gooden Morgan, Mr. Vile, Gooden Morgan, Mr. Bracket, When you were growing up, did she have like clothes from, from her costumes from when she danced in In the closet? Not much, no. I just have a very beautiful piece of chiffon and some beads. I have very little, she didn't bring any of that much with her. No. I dunno what happened to it. But that sense of theater was, it's As if she wanted to leave it all behind and have a new life. She'd had quite a hard time, I think during the war. My grandmother was Jewish, you know, and she met my, my father was a spy.


I mean, it's so incredible. It's amazing. And she was his contact in Vienna, so it was really, I think she was really happy to marry my father and get out. Unfortunately, of course the marriage was a disaster, But, well, I think they separated when you were six or something, right? Yes. And then you lived with your mother? I did, yes. Maryanne Faithfull speaking to Terry Gross in 2005. Maryanne Faithfull died last week at age 78. After a break, we'll hear more of their conversation and critic at large. John Powers reviews. I'm still here. The Brazilian film nominated for an Oscar this year as Best Picture.


I'm David Bian Cooley, and this is Fresh. You must leave what you need, you think, but you wish to. A couple months ago here at Planet Money, we stumbled across our favorite kind of economic mystery. Jeff, what is this A deal that seemed way too good to be true. What I'm seeing here at least is that it's very high clarity. Join us on our Adventure Talk show. What you got to find out exactly how much a diamond is worth Planet money from NPR, wherever gets your podcasts.


Since Donald Trump took office in January, a lot has happened. The White House budget office ordered a pause on all federal grants and loans. The impact of the Trump administration's tariffs is already being felt in Trump's efforts to radically remake the federal Government. The NPR politics podcast covers it all. Keep up with what's happening in Washington and beyond with the NPR Politics podcast. Listen, every day. And now I, I wanna mention another song that seems a little out of character for you on your previous cd, Which was, well, my previous cd, which I do love. You mean kissing Time? Yes. Was in fact a very experimental work.


I wanted To learn about the new technology. That's what I did it. And so I went to the best people like Billy Corgan, like Beck, like Jarvis, Cocker, like Damon. Well, the song, a song here that strikes me as a really interesting choice, a very, a kind of out of character is I into something good, which Was Oh, that was just Fun. Yeah, well it's, I mean, that was a Herman's Hermits hit in 1964. I loved doing that. Yeah. And this is a, you know, you've gotta remember when we did Kissing Time, the World was a different place and we could have fun. And we did. And we loved it.


We know the Eddie and I, the year that that was a hit did something good in 1964 was I think the year It was the year Asti Goodbye was You. Yeah. The year of the year. And, and I think it was about that time that, that you started on tour and you went on a tour, not with Herman Herman, not with her Herman Herbert, but with Freddy and the Dreamers and, And the Holies. They were good. Jerry and the Pacemakers. Yep. Where, where did you see yourself fitting in? As I didn't fit in, I was completely outta place and I actually believed that I would go back to school when the tour was over and pick up my life again. Was it, were you like the only girl In the I was In the tour and what I was doing was reading my A Level books.


Oh, 'cause you were still in school. Well, that's what I thought I was, yes. So, But I do remember very well how kind the HARs were to me. Really sweet. Did did the guys on the tour try to be protective or try to take advantage of you? No, of course they didn't. I mean, I kind of, you know, I did learn the meaning of the word tour romance and I thought that was rather fun. Why not? Well, I, I'm gonna play I into something good from your previous album Kiss and Time. Good. Yeah. Okay. I think it's charming. Me too. And you know, now in this world I could never do something like that again.


That's why it's called Before the Poison Then that's why the new CD is called that. Yeah. But let's remember the days when we could do something like this. Okay, so this is Marian Faithfull from her previous cd, kissing Time. Woke up this morning feeling something special show on my mind last night. Mad a new guy In the something tells me something Good.


He's the kind guy who's not too shy and I can tell he's my kind of guy. He, to me like a ho That's Maryanne Faithfull from her previous CD, kissing Time, the 1964 hit I into something good. And she has a new CD called Before the Poison. Much darker.


At what point did you start getting to know the, and I, I assume that you did at some point the, the Andy Warhol factory crew. I didn't. You never knew them? No, I never did. It just seems to me you'd, you'd have connected at some point. Never. Never, never, never, never. I went to New York once with Andrew and what I did do was meet up with Al Grossman and Bobby n and it was the time when Bob Dylan had his motorbike accident. And I think I had my first joint with Bobby n and I was up all night being sick From the joint.


I was 18. Right. Wasn't able, didn't know anything, just couldn't deal with it. Hmm. So, you know, I'm wondering what you thought, 'cause you must have been aware of this, whether you knew the Velvet underground personally or not. Oh, I, I I thought they were wonderful. Yeah. But I had a sense of self preservation, which told me, do not go to New York. You will die. Right. 'cause you'd get so deep into it with I would, I I would be, it would've been another Edie Sedgwick, you know, it was quite bad enough in London, if I may say so. But I mean, it would've been too much for me. What? At least I knew London.


What did you make of it when the Velvet Underground recorded Venus and Furs, which, And I didn't really think about it And I I asked this in case our listeners are confused. Your Well, no, my great great uncle yes was Barron Pol, who gave his name to Masochism and wrote a book called Venus and Furs. Yeah. I mean, I sort of noticed it, but didn't really notice it. There were other songs on the Velvet Underground that I thought were better. I didn't think that was one of the best I would, I, I'm a huge and was always a huge fan of Andy Wall.


I mean, before I got discovered and all that stuff happened, my mother took me to see a huge Andy Warhol retrospective at the Tate. I went to see the Picasso retrospective. I went to see the surrealist retrospective. It was wonderful. You know, I had a wonderful life before all that stuff happened. Did did you feel, I mean, you, you've lived in a very unconventional world, your whole adult life. Well, I, and my whole life as a child, That's what I was wondering, say. So yeah, My parents were extremely unconventional and I was brought up in a, in a delightful bohemian manner. So I sailed right into swinging London with no problem.


What, tell us a little bit about the delightful bohemian manner that you were brought up in. Well, my father was a real idealist. After the war, he formed a commune, not, not like a sixties commune, a fifties or even a forties commune, more like an Aris Murdoch kind of thing, which, and the purpose of this place, which was called Braziers Park, was to change the world and to teach people only Europeans. He couldn't really go further than that to live together in harmony. So that war would never happen again.


And that was my father's mission. My mother was also an idealist in a way, but not quite as, as serious as my father. And she didn't really like it at Braziers Park. She didn't like living in a commune. And, and it split up and it, she thought she was marrying an English gentleman, you know, and she thought she would have a much more conventional life. She didn't realize she was marrying this wonderful world class loon. Did you live on the commune at all? I used to go at weekends. I had a wonderful time.


What was it like as a girl and was a farm? There was a farm. I watched calves being born. I had a friend who had a pony. I didn't have anything to do with the commun. I was just out from dawn till dusk. And did your father talk to you about the philosophy behind it? No, not till I got much older. And then I would, then I found it very interesting. You know, he used to give courses on Alexander Pope and things like that before I wrote my book, he did a course, especially really for me on the writing of autobiography. You're kidding.


No. How did it affect the writing of your 1994 autobiography? Well, He really helped. He was a really great teacher. You know, he, he, he was a professor at Bedford College in London. He taught me a lot. He, for instance, he, he, I learned in his course about auto autobiography that it was absolutely essential to put dialogue in or it got very boring. Well, That's always interesting to me because I read so many autobiographies and I always think, who has the memory to really remember what somebody said and what you said back? Well, you can't really, but you can make a rough guess.


I wrote it from my perspective. I don't put thoughts and feelings into other people. I wrote about me and what I felt and what I did, and I remember everything and I remember how I felt. I remember my motives. I remember what I did and I what I thought of things I saw around me. And in fact, I was very, very hard on myself. I realize that now. But I didn't see any other way, any other honorable way to be. How far away does the really hard time seem to you when you were homeless And Seems like a long, long time ago.


Really. And I, I know I was very lucky to get through it. It was obviously something I needed To learn, and in a strange way, I learned some very positive things. You know. Have you asked yourself why you think you survived? No. Why so many other people don't? I, I guess every no junkie dies in vain. Everybody who dies for each one who dies another survives. That's, I don't really know why I, I survived. I tried incredibly hard not to, but finally I did accept that I had to survive and there must be some reason why I had to survive and I might as well accept it.


And when I did that, everything got a lot easier. Of course, You occupy a, a kind of unique spot in pop music now because, you know, you were a teenage pop star, but what you're doing now is somewhere between Pop princess. Guess What you're doing now is, excuse me, is a kind of, excuse me. What you're doing now is a kind of hybrid of, of cabaret and theater, music and pop and rock. And I don't really do cabaret. I do rock and roll sort of with a lot of drama. I don't know what I do. I do what I do. You know?


And if you don't mind my mentioning your age, is that I don't mind. Yeah. I've I've just turned 58. Right. And you know, back, eh, when you were starting In the sixties, sixties, there still was the sense of what do rock and rollers do when they get older? Well, I didn't think I would, You didn't think you'd live that way? No way. I thought, I mean, I thought a broken English was the end. I thought after that I would die. You can't, you could have knocked me down with a feather when I had to make another record. And broken English was what, 1979? Yeah. Right. I thought that was it. I thought go out in a blaze of glory. Off you go. Before the interview started, you mentioned to me that you stopped smoking about three weeks ago.


Three weeks now. Yeah. And why did you decide to stop after all these years? Well, I've been wanting to stop for about a year because I've got the beginning of emphysema and my mother died of emphysema and alcoholism, so I kind of didn't really want history to repeat itself, so I did everything I could. I went to a hypnotist. I read Alan Carr, I did all these things, nothing worked. Then just before I came to a Medicaid, I got really bad bronchitis, really bad, and I could not even think of smoking. So I didn't, I stopped and I, I'm using a patch, of course, I'm beginning to not need the patch now.


It's sort of getting easier. I've done this whole interview without a patch. They make me sick. They actually are rather like bad speed Patches, But you know, I, time went by. The bronchitis got better. I've had some terrible moments where of craving, but my doctor in Paris did. It's very like giving up drugs, you know, they don't last long. The cravings, they last about five minutes. So you just find something else to do. You talk to somebody, you, you put your makeup on, you do anything, you wash your knickers, anything you can think of and, and the craving will pass and then it's gone.


What is the action that you typically take that seems most incomplete without a cigarette? Well, the one I'm really worried about is face-to-face promo, because in that I wasn't using nicotine just as a drug. I was using it as a prop and as a smokescreen. Oh, that's going to be pretty scary. I've got to think of something else to do with my hands and I've got to give myself a smokescreen. Jost sticks. I don't know a candle. I can't think. I've gotta think of something. Dark glasses. No, I think people should see my eyes.


So do you feel, But that's not a bad idea. Dark glasses is a possibility, but you know, I think that's been kind of covered by Yoko. Do, Do God bless her? Do do you feel like your speaking or singing voice is, is changing at all or that you're breathing better when you Sing? Well, I've not yet. No, but I think that will come Mary unfaithful. Thank you so much for talking with Us. Thanks Terry. It was, it was a pleasure. Maryanne Faithfull speaking to Terry Gross in 2005. The singer songwriter and actress died last week. She was 78 years old.


I walk along the street of Broken can take a kiss without regret, so they forget their broken Dream. You'll laugh tonight and cry tomorrow when you behold your shall scheme Ski And Ji and Jit wake up to find their eyes are wet with tears.


That tell of broken dream is where you'll always find always soul behind in an old cathedral, the joy that you find here, you, you cannot keep it long. You see jiggle along and Ji still sing a song and dance along the, The joy that You've coming up critic at large John Powers reviews.


I'm still here. The Brazilian film that's nominated for a best picture Oscar this year. This is Fresh Air These days. There is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR. PR Shortwave thinks of science as an invisible force showing up in your everyday life, powering the food you eat, the medicine you use, the tech in your pocket.


Science is approachable because it's already part of your life. Come explore these connections on the Shortwave podcast from NPR. When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's In the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR In the new film, I'm Still here. The Brazilian filmmaker, Walter Salas tells the true story of a Rio de Janeiro mother who reinvents herself when Brazil's military dictatorship goes after her husband.


The movie has been Oscar nominated for both Best Picture and best international feature film. Its Star Fernanda Torres has been nominated for best actress. She already has won the Golden Globe. Our critic at large John Powers says that I'm still here, is a moving, inspiring, beautifully made story about learning to confront tyranny. It's one measure of Latin America's arduous history that it spawns so many books and movies about dictatorship. Over the years I've been through scads of them from novels by Gabrielle Garcia Marquez and Mario Vargas Osa to the landmark documentaries of Patrizio Guzman to Hollywood thrillers like Missing and Under Fire.


What they share is the awareness that history hurts. Few films have shown this with more delicate intelligence than I'm still here. A moving new drama set during Brazil's military dictatorship that began with an American backed coup in 1964 and and yet in 1985, based on a memoir by Marcelo Rubin's Pave Walter Sal's movie is no political tract or manipulative tear jerker, although it may make you cry. Exploring the dictatorship indirectly, I'm still here, tells the heroic true story of a wife and mother who steers her family through the rapids of tyranny.


The story begins Idyllically on Eima Beach in 1970 when we first meet the pie of a family. The father is Reubens, played with easy charm by Sultan Mellow, a warm-hearted man who was a congressman before the coup and by uni. That's Fernanda Torres, a rather traditional seeming wife who bakes great souffles and wrangles their five high energy children. Theirs is a happy upper middle class family whose home is a kind of Eden complete with the view of the beach buzzing with openness to friends, to ideas, to laughter, to music. The movie soundtrack is fabulous. Their house is Brazil, as we might dream of it.


Being yet such openness is precisely what the H of Mistrusts. It tortures or disappears anyone. It considers a threat to its notion of an orderly, anti-communist society. Even as the family dances, plays foosball. In Amy b Bickers, we await the dreaded knock on the door. It comes, Rubens's is taken away for questioning. Security meant occupy the house and uni herself is called in for a nasty interrogation. Ruben's disappearance is the turning point in uni's life over the next months. In fact, the next decades, she transforms her practical maternal virtues into something mighty.


Channeling her grief, she becomes a stronger, tougher, wiser person who protects her kids, digs into the cruel facts of her husband's fate, and learns to fight for other people's rights as well. From the start, Unesi is a woman of impressive self command, and the movie shares that virtue SLAs has always been a gifted director. But earlier, films like Central Station and the Motorcycle Diaries were so busy being artful and important. They often felt impersonal. Here you feel his profound emotional engagement. Salas grew up In the same milieu as the Pi is Indeed. He hung out with the kids and you feel his affection for that family and its values.


He captures them. And 1970 Rio in a way that feels loving and true, Solas does a superb job of depicting how the dictatorship colored daily life. We see how things could often appear normal with fun at the beach and happy visits to the ice cream shop. Yet without laying on the violence or heavy handed moralism, even the secret policemen we meet aren't monsters. Solace also conjures a pervasive atmosphere of anxiety. We feel it In the sounds of helicopters hovering overhead. The TV newscast filled with lies, the spasms of fearful mistrust that grow between friends and the way that once your family is singled out, you're treated differently out In the world.


Like Brazil, their house of freedom is now in lockdown. The counterweight to the dictatorship is the unglamorous strength of uni who goes from making souffles to becoming at 48, a lawyer who helps make Brazil a better place to live. She's played with surpassing brilliance by Torres, whose performance is so subtle, so internal, and so quietly shattering that in a adjust world, she'd win all this year's big acting awards. Registering each flicker of emotion as precisely as a seismograph torus captures uni's pain and horror at her husband's fate, but also her endurance, her faith that life goes on, A faith that time vindicates.


Even as it's buffeted by misfortune, the family survives and thrives. At one point a newspaper photographer comes to take a picture of the family and tells them to look somber. After all, Rubens is missing, but Uni insists that everyone smile. She will not let them face the world looking beaten. John Powers reviewed the new movie. I'm Still here On Monday's show, Questlove Returns. He'll talk about the life and legacy of Sly Stone, his new documentary, sly Lives, AKA, the Burden of Black Genius premiers February 13th on Hulu Quest.


Love won an Oscar for another of his music documentaries, summer of Soul. I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller.


Sam Brier is our managing producer. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld, and Diana Martinez. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Anne Marie Baldonado, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, Susan Yadi, Anna Bauman, and Joel Wolffer. Our digital media producer is Molly Ccb Nesper for Terry Gross and Tanya Mosley. I'm David Dean King On the embedded podcast. No, it's called Denying Us Sweet Him Of Speech. It's misinformation. Like so many Americans, my dad has gotten swept up in conspiracy theories.


These are not conspiracy theories, these are reality. I spent the year following him down the rabbit hole, trying to get him back. Listen to alternate realities on the embedded podcast from NPR. All episodes available now. Singapore is one of the busiest cities In the world, but biologist Philip Johns is fascinated by a different inhabitant on the island otters. At rush hour downtown, the otters would swim toward each other and there're literally tens of thousands of people who are on their way to work, How ideas, emotions, and creatures coexist. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR.