
Support for this podcast and the following message come from Ener Gia, where everyone can invest in the world's top renewable energy markets and make an impact with Ener Gia. You can invest directly in solar projects that reduce carbon emissions. More at gia.com/npr.


This is Fresh Air. I'm te gross. Today. We remember Jimmy Carter and listen back to excerpts of the interviews I recorded with him over the years. He died at the age of 100 and had been the oldest living former president in American history in the New York Times. Peter Baker wrote this summary of Carter's public life quote, Mr. Carter was a political sensation in his day, a new generation Democrat who after a single term as governor of Georgia, shocked the political world by beating a host of better known rivals to capture his party's presidential nomination in 1976. Then ousting, the incumbent Republican president Gerald Ford in the fall.


Over the course of four years in office, he sought to restore trust in government following the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandal ushering in reforms that were meant to transform politics. He negotiated the landmark camp David Accords, making peace between Israel and Egypt, but a sour economy and a 444 day hostage crisis in Iran, in which 52 American diplomats were held captive, undercut his public support and he lost his bid for reelection to former governor Ronald Reagan of California in 1980. He spent his post presidency, however, on a series of philanthropic causes around the world, like building houses for the poor, combating Guinea worm, a parasitic tropical disease, promoting human rights in places of repression, monitoring elections, and seeking to end violent conflicts.


His work as a former president in many ways, came to eclipse his time in the White House, eventually earning him the Nobel Peace Prize. Let's begin with the interview I recorded with Carter in 1993 after the publication of his memoir Turning Point about his first campaign when he won his seat in the Georgia State Senate. That was in 1962, the year he decided to enter politics. Well, I had come home from the Navy having been 11 years of, of full-time naval officer, a submarine officer, started a small business and had never run for elective office. I was a chairman of the Sumter County School Board. In the heat of the integration years, I was, I was concerned about the closing down or the subversion of our public school system.


And I was disgusted in a way with the slow pace of the civil rights changes in the South. And then along came the bright halian days of the one man one vote ruling where the, the democratic white rural primary was gonna be stricken down. I thought it was a new day in, in Georgia and in the United States where the democracy would prevail and honesty would be there and equality would be insured. And so I decided I would run for the state Senate, and the only request I would make and, and did finally make was to be on the education committee. And I entered this little community over in the western part of Georgia, Georgetown, Georgia.


And I found shocking fraud, corruption, stuffing ballot boxes, abusive citizens. That, that was incredible to me. Well, you say you found blatant voting abuse. What's, what's the worst example of voting abuse that you faced during that first campaign of yours? Well, I was ahead in the election going in into this little tiny county on the Chattahoochee River, just across the river from Alabama. There was a political boss in the county named Joe Hurst. He was chairman of the, of the only political organization, the Democratic Committee. He was a state legislator, his wife was a welfare director.


Georgetown was the only post office in the United States, for instance, where all the welfare checks came to the same post office box. And he and his wife would personally deliver the welfare checks to families that they decided should be on welfare. One of their prerequisites for getting welfare payment was to vote the way Joe Hurst told them. Everyone who voted in my election in that little town voted on an open table in front of Joe Hurst and one of his henchmen, whose name was Doc Hammond, Joe Hurst, watched them vote. They put their ballots in a large whiskey box, a pay board box with a five inch hole in the top. And quite often I watched Joe Hurst reach in, pull out the ballots, examined them, even changed them when he wanted to, and put in ballots of his own.


It was, it was literally incredible. And, and he was so powerful that he was impervious to criticism. He didn't even care if I saw him cheating. He had control of a district attorney. He had control of a trial judge. He had been indicted eight times on felony charges, convicted four times, but never served a day in jail or paid $1 and fine. He was so powerful. It was, it was unbelievable to me. And so I had that to challenge and, and many of the people in, in that little county were intimidated by hurst. The, the, the crucial base of his operation was the county unit system. One vote in Georgetown was equal to 99 votes in Atlanta.


And this was all legal. It was perfectly legal until the one man one vote ruling came down. Well, how did you win? How did you get your fair account? Well, I, I think a lot of publicity had accrued. I couldn't get any published at all at first. The local newspapers, even in Columbus, Georgia, which is a fairly good sized town, were kind of in bed with Joe Hurst, or they had seen him do this so long that they thought it was maybe acceptable or shouldn't. It wasn't really a newsworthy item until there was one very heroic reporter from the Atlanta Journal named John Pennington, who came down quite skeptical at first about my allegations. And, and he, on his own initiative, went into Quitman County, got some old records, and interviewed Joe Hurst and all the other people, and found out that my accusations were true.


And, and in a few days, this story about my election was a top headline news on the front page of Atlanta newspapers. Joe Hurst eventually went to prison for vote fraud and also for dealing in illegal liquor. And when I finally got to the Georgia Senate, one of the things that I wanted to do, although I'm not a lawyer, was to revise the, the Georgia Election code to correct some of the patent mistakes that had been deliberately maintained over, over decades or generations in Georgia to permit this kind of thing. And as we were debating the new election code, one of the interesting amendments that was put forward by a, a, a state senator from the town of Enigma Georgia, an interesting name was that no one in Georgia could vote in a primary election or a general election who had been dead more than three years.


And that Was an interesting cutoff point. Yeah. But there was a very interesting debate about it too. People maintained that even though say a husband died, there was a certain period of time after his death when the wife and children could accurately cast his vote the way he would've voted if he had lived. And so how long after somebody's death, the circumstances changed so much that you can't really predict how he would've voted. Jimmy Carter, before we go any further, I'm gonna ask you for a little lesson in etiquette. Do I call you President Carter, Mr. President, our former president Jimmy Carter. What, what is the appropriate etiquette when you're talking to a former president of the United States? You know, one of the nice things about our country is you can call me anything you want to, Jimmy suits me.


Okay. The, there is a custom in our nation that if you are a have been a governor or an ambassador or a judge or president, then you can still retain the title. So if you wanna call me president, you can, if you wanna call me Jimmy, that's fine. You know, when I go through Georgia small towns and somebody is an old friend of mine, I know it immediately when they say, hi, governor, they call this, that's, that's whatever the most intimate relationship is. And when, and the little kids around planes, when I ride a bicycle or jog by, they, if they are very devout or if their families go to church every Sunday, they call me Brother Jimmy.


Hello brother Jimmy. And a lot of 'em just call me, hello Jimmy Carter. But it doesn't matter to me. I, I never was much dependent on the pomp and ceremony of the White House, even when I was there. And so Jimmy suits me fine. Now, let me ask you, you've been devoting your post presidential career to monitoring elections around the world, conflict negotiation around the world, human rights around the world. You also have a project in Atlanta to help empower the homeless and the poor. When you left office, what did you see ahead? What did you think you would do? I didn't know. You know, I, I didn't, and I didn't anticipate being retired four years early.


Fairly quickly I decided to teach, and I've been a, a so-called distinguished professor at Emory University. Now this is my 11th year, and I've enjoyed that professorship. I, I make most of my income on my books. All of them have been very good sellers. But when I left the white White House, I didn't really know what I had to do except to build a presidential library, which was almost an, an an impossible task for a defeated, you know, Democrat who didn't intend to run for office anymore. And I wanted to write a presidential memoir called Keeping Faith, which I did because I was deeply in debt and, and the, and the proceeds from selling off all my business and from the writing of that first book, let Me pay off my debt.


So the evolution of the Carter Center and the different things in which I've been now involved along with Roselyn, have been really developments that we did not anticipate when we left Washington. Was there a moment of revelation when you started, when it started to occur to you the role that you could take in this nation and in the world as a past president of the United States? Yeah, in, in a way there was, I didn't anticipate or understand at all then the tremendous crying out around the world for someone that has been president of the United States to help with issues. Lemme just give you one quick example at the Carter Center, now, we monitor all the conflicts in the world.


We do this every day. There are more than a little, few more than 30 major wars on earth. Almost all of them are civil wars with horrible devastation. Somalia is just a highly publicized when they're just as bad in Sudan or Mozambique and other places. The the problem is that, that those civil wars cannot be addressed except on the very rare occasions by the United Nations or the US government. It's, it's totally inappropriate, inappropriate for any representative of the UN to communicate with a revolutionary group that's trying to overthrow a change of government that's a member of the un. And so most of these civil wars go unaddressed or even unrecognized by the American or industrialized world.


And so we go into those areas. I don't have any restraint on me because I have been present. I'm famous enough and welcome enough to go to an African nation to meet with the ruling leaders, for instance, and also to meet with the revolutionaries and, and, and see if they are tired of war or, or convinced that they cannot win on the battlefield. Would they agree to let us mediate and try to bring about a ceasefire at least long enough to orchestrate an election? They may not be willing to sit down in the same room or to, or to acknowledge one another through a direct negotiation. But as, as you may know, I'm sure you do science, the science of politics is self delusion.


Everyone who is running for office, for mayor or for president, whatever, believes that if the election is honest, and if the people know me and know all these other jokers running against me, surely I will win. So if we can convince both signs or let them convince themselves that they can win, if it's, if the election's honest and that I can help guarantee that the election will be honest, they see a way to become president of that nation without continuing the war on the battlefield. So, so that is a kind of thing that I see very clearly now, which I did not understand at all, even when I was President Jimmy Carter recorded in 19 93, 1 of several conversations we're featuring with him today when we spoke in 93, Carter had just published his memoir Turning Point.


He was elected president in 1976. I asked him about the high points and the low points of his inauguration day. Well, I, I don't, there weren't, I don't remember any low points. The high point obviously was, was assuming the, the role of the president of the greatest nation on Earth and, and trying to keep a secret. We had planned a few days ahead of time to get out of the limousine for the first time in history and walk down Pennsylvania Avenue, as you know, as just one of a people. And that was secret was kept one of the few secrets by the way that we kept while I was president. And, and it was a glorious reception. The weather was cold. I remember that my mother, who always knew how to take the starch outta people's sails and bring people back down to earth.


I was very full of myself. And when we left the reviewing stand and started walk to the, to the White House for the first time, really, the news media gathered around us and my press secretary, Judy Powell, said, don't anybody talk to the news media. Everybody wants to have an interview. And I, I complied with Jodi's request, but typically my mother said, Jodi, you can go to hell, I'll talk to whom I choose. And the TV folks and everybody got around and, and they said, miss Legian, aren't you proud of your son? And I waited with great pleasure to hear my mother's response. And mama said, which one? So she took the wind outta my sails. That's one of the things I remember about Inauguration Day. What was the most disorienting part of your first day and night in the White House?


You know, the, the, the aura of the White House and the, and the humility that you feel occupying the same quarters as, as those great men was overwhelming also, what do you do the next day? You know, I still, I had pretty well gotten my cabinet firmed up quite early after the election. And what do you do the, the, the next day to deal with a multitude of, of issues. I had a, a very fine agenda. I, I couldn't get much support originally from the Congress, although finally my batting average was about the same as Lyndon Johnson. So John Kennedy, I was, I was have to say though, as a bottom line, and I was quite confident in my, of myself.


I wasn't plagued with, with trepidation that I was inadequate for the job. That that may be presumptuous, but anybody who decides I wanna be president of this great country has to be somewhat presumptuous. So I wasn't plagued with an inferiority complex. I felt that no matter what came up or that I could handle it as well as anyone. What about during the hostage crisis? Was there ever a point where you wish that you weren't pre president, where you wish that you didn't have this terrible burden on your shoulders? Well, you know, about two o'clock in the morning in April when we tried the rescue operation and it, and we couldn't succeed, that was the, perhaps a, the high point of despair in my presidency.


And I knew that I had to get up early the next morning about six o'clock, and prepare to go on all the morning talk shows and explain to the American people that the rescue operation had failed. That was a, a very dismal point. Also, we knew that an accident had occurred and that one of the helicopters had flown into an airplane and at eight people had died. And I had to notify those families during that night that their loved ones had perished in our secret operation. There's no way that anything else that happened during the four years could equal that as a time of, of discouragement and despair.


Yeah. You told us a little bit about what your inauguration day was like. Let's skip ahead to the inauguration of your successor, Ronald Reagan. What were you feeling that day as you realized that the hostages were going to be released on his watch, not on yours? Well, I didn't realize that, and I had not been to bed for three days and had negotiated in the most meticulous detail, the release of the hostages. Everything was all agreed and the hostages were in the airplane ready to take off at 10 o'clock that morning, Washington time. So we were just waiting to get word that they had cleared Iranian airspace. And when I went to the reviewing stand, when I relinquished the presidency to Reagan, and, and he made his his inaugural speech before I left the reviewing stand, I was informed that the plane had indeed taken off and the hostages were all safe and free.


I have to say that, that I didn't even think about the fact that it happened a few minutes after midnight. I, I mean, after noon, noon time, I just knew that they were free and that was one of the glor most glorious and happy moments of my entire life. Even though it wasn't on your watch. Well, to me, I, I didn't even think about it, but obviously that became the major story among the news media that it happened about 20 minutes after I was no longer president. To me, that was insignificant, but it has still prevailed. Even your question indicates that it was a, a, a historically important fact that it happened a few minutes after I left the White House as a president rather than while I was still in office.


I, I didn't even consider that as a major factor then. It was the news media, I think that made that a major factor. Jimmy Carter recorded in 1993. After a short break, we'll hear excerpts from other interviews I recorded with Carter, in which he talked about his work as a mediator, negotiating an end to wars and ethnic violence, his deep religious faith and his insistence on keeping church and state separate when he was president and his reflections on getting older. We'll end the first half of our program with Aretha Franklin singing at Carter's inaugural gala in 1977. I'm Terry Gross, and This is Fresh Air.


I stand beside her and through the night from the light, from from the mountain to the we.


This message comes from Apple Card. If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app, subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch member, FDIC, terms and more@applecard.com.


This message comes from Capella University. Learning doesn't have to get in the way of life. With Capella's game changing FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your own schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to earn your degree. Instead, enjoy learning your way and pursue your educational and career goals without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Support for NPR and the following message, come from Bo and Branch. Change your sleep with the softness of Bo and branches 100% organic cotton sheets. Feel the difference with 15% off your first set of sheets@bollandbranch.com with code NPR exclusions apply. See site for details.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Teri Gross. We're looking back on the life of Jimmy Carter and listening to excerpts of my interviews with him. After his presidency, Carter became one of the most sought after mediators in the world. He negotiated with military rulers and tyrants. In 1995, I interviewed Carter about this work he had recently brokered a ceasefire and the Bloody Balkan war, which put him across the table from the Bosnian Serb leader, radon car, who was later convicted of genocide war crimes and crimes against humanity. Lemme ask you a question that I'm sure a lot of people have, have wondered about, y you have such a strong human rights record.


What is it like for you to sit opposite someone like karate, knowing the war crimes that he's guilty of? Do you have to enter negotiations with someone who is a tyrant in a fairly nonjudgmental way and be as cordial and open as you possibly can? Well, I'm cordial and open. The only thing I have to offer is my own integrity and an element of objectivity. I don't have any ax to grind. My ax is to grind, is to try to bring peace and an end to human rights abuses. But it doesn't mean that I go in ignorant of past crimes.


And, and I have to just realize that these, that these people have committed crimes and in most cases, crimes have been committed on both sides. They may be much more onerous on one side than the other, but quite often it's the scorned person or the de despised person or the unsavory people in, in, in international judgment that will need someone to listen to their position. As was the case with Kim Sung and with the provisional governor in Haiti, and as with the Bosnian Serbs, If you were able to turn back the clock and have the knowledge and the experience as an international mediator that you have now, would you have handled the hostage negotiations with Iran any differently?


No, I tried, you know, through every possible means, official and unofficial means I tried to negotiate with or to communicate with, with the Ayatollah Khomeini. But he issued orders as in his autocratic way that no Iranian was authorized to speak to anyone who represented the US government in the hostage thing. So we tried to get all kinds of people to, to open up some sort of discussion with, with the Iranian officials to get our hostage out. And it was fruitless until the last few days of my presidency, the, the last three days that I was president, I never went to bed at all.


I never even went over to the White House. I stayed in the Oval Office to negotiate with the Iranians indirectly through the Algerians. And it was that negotiation that finally brought about the release of the hostages from 10 o'clock that morning until noon. When I went out of office, they sat in an airplane at the end of the runway in Tehran Airport, and as soon as President Reagan was sworn in, the plane took off. But that was a result of a last minute negotiations through the Algerians. That was an excerpt of my 1995 interview with Jimmy Carter. The following year I spoke with him about his memoir, living Faith as a Southern Baptist.


He was considered a progressive evangelical. I asked him about how he approached his faith in the years following his presidency. Well, I've got more time now to devote to my church and my duties as a Christian in a nonpolitical fashion. I just don't have any ambitions or interest in ever seeking another public office. And the Carter Center's work in which Rosa and I devote almost all of our time is strictly bipartisan in nature. So now I'm able to teach Sunday school every Sunday that I'm in Plains, which is about two outta three Sundays. Last year I taught 36 times.


And some other aspects of our life are directly related to Christianity. But I don't want to imply that when I was president that I abandoned my faith or found an, a basic inconsistency between what I believe in religion and what I did as a politician. I think almost always they were compatible. There were a few times when they were not completely compatible, but I took an oath of office before God to support the constitutional laws of my nation, and I did. And if I disagreed with some of the laws, I felt that they were not completely compatible with my religious faith.


I just o obeyed the law. That's an interesting way to look at it though, that you took an oath before God to actually serve the country. And so you, you, you felt that you had it straight with your religion, that you were in this office to serve the country. And it wasn't about your personal religious convictions when it came down to certain issues. It was about what you thought was best for the country or, or in the majority interest, Two or three aspects. One is that I believe in the separation of church and state. So I was very careful not to have religious services in the White House or to have religious meetings in the White House. I went to church on Sunday when I was in Washington at the First Baptist Church at Camp David.


We had a private religious service, and there were very few times when I felt any discrepancy at all. But I had to interpret the Constitution as the Supreme Court ruled it to be. At that particular moment. There were two issues on, for instance, I'll just give you an example where I felt that, well, I just couldn't believe that Jesus Christ would favor abortions, and I also can't believe that he would favor the death penalty. And fortunately, all the time I was governor all the time I was president, there was never a death penalty imposed on abortion.


The Supreme Court had ruled the Roe versus Wade was applicable. And I obviously as President and for that interpretation of the Constitution, but I did everything I could to reduce the need for abortions. So that was the main thing that come to mind. While you were in the White House and while you were campaigning for President, did you feel that a lot of Americans misunderstood or misinterpreted what it meant to you to be born again? Well, that was obvious to me because the number one news story of the entire 1976 campaign was an interview that I gave with Playboy magazine.


And all I did was quote, part of a sermon on the Mount, and it became an issue that almost cost me the election. The Playboy interviewer turned off his tape recorder started to leave my home, and he said, you claim to be a born again Christian. You claim to be perfect American citizens imperfect. How can you claim to be willing to govern them fairly? And I said, well, you've completely misinterpreted my religion. Our religion teaches us that all of us have sinned, come short of the glory of God, that we should not judge other people.


And Jesus taught us not to try to distinguish between degrees of sinfulness. If we hate our brother, we should not criticize someone who commits murder. If we have lust in our heart for a woman, we should not criticize a person who commits adultery. And of course, the next question was inevitable. He said, have you committed adultery? And I answered that question. He said, well, have you ever had lust in your heart? And I said, sure. When I was a high school kid, when I was in college before I married Rosen, quite often I would look at a beautiful girl and, and I would wanna have sex with her. And he said, well, thanks a lot.


So he left, and two or three weeks later, Playboy magazine came out. It was the biggest selling issue of Playboy in history. And my public opinion poll dropped 15% in 10 days. So that was those innocent days, 20 years ago, just because I said that I, you know, had lust as I thought everyone, every man did. But then the news reporters went all over the country asking famous preachers and TV evangelists about the issue. And they all said, no, no, I've never lusted after any woman except my wife. So it made me look, you know, both sinful and also I would guess equivocating on an important issue.


We're listening to my 1996 interview with Jimmy Carter. We'll hear more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Intuit. Why is Intuit Enterprise Suite a better solution for growing businesses? It provides powerful financial management and accounting capabilities integrated with payments, processing, payroll, HR marketing, third party apps, and more. Through powerful automation and insights, it helps you manage one or more businesses in one place. Visit intuit.com/enterprise to learn more money Movement services by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed by N-Y-D-F-S.


This message comes from Sony Pictures Classics presenting the room next door, the first English language feature film by Pedro Almodovar starring Julianne Moore and Tilda Swinton. After years of being out of touch, two friends meet again in an extreme but strangely sweet situation. Winner of the Golden Lion for best film at the Venice Film Festival. The room next door is now playing in select cities, coming soon to theaters nationwide.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to the interview I recorded with Jimmy Carter in 1996, after the publication of his memoir, living Faith. How did you approach your, your prayer life in the White House? You say in your book that other presidents have brought in Billy Graham to organize, you know, you know, worship for them, but, but you didn't wanna do that in the White House. You, you thought it was a, it violated your sense of separation of church and state. So what, what did you do? Well, I worshiped as I would if I had not been in public life at all. I went to Sunday services at the First Baptist Church in Washington, which was the nearest Baptist church to the White House.


Most of the weekends. We tried to go to Camp David. We had a, a chaplain from a nearby army base, come and preach a sermon. We sang hymns together. And as far as my personal prayer life was concerned, I, I would say it was much more frequent and maybe on the average more heartfelt than ever any other time in my life because I felt that the decisions I made were affecting the lives of hundreds of millions of people. I never prayed for popularity. I never prayed to be reelected, things of that kind. I prayed that I could keep my nation at peace, and I prayed that I could extend the advantages of peace to other people, say between Egypt and Israel and Camp David.


When the hostage crisis came along, the prayer that I made was that all the hostages would come back home safe and free. That I would not betray the principles of my nation or do anything to embarrass it. And I think in all those cases, my prayers were answered. I think God always answers our prayers. Quite often God's answer is no, we don't get what we ask for. And then the obligation, if we have faith, is to find out within ourself why are we asking for selfish things? Are we asking for things that are unjustified? Are prayers in accordance with God's will? Those are the kind of things that I've learned over a long lifetime, as you know.


And those are the things I try to describe in, in living faith. What was your sense of prayer when you were a child and how has your sense of prayer changed as, as an adult? Well, when I was a, a child, say when I reached the age of 10 or or teenage life, I had some very serious doubts about what I heard in church, what I heard in Sunday school, what I heard my own father teaching. But I wouldn't express my doubts to anybody. And I thought I was very sinful not to have absolute and total faith. Now my faith is stronger. I can see the various aspects of, of a deep Christian faith.


I realize that as I was in at the age of 15, I'm still searching. I'm still trying to learn. I'm still trying to stretch my heart, stretch my mind. I, I learned two or three times in my life that my faith could sustain total doubt in God. I I rejected God a few times. I felt that God had betrayed me, that I could not depend on my faith at all. And I had to go through a, a very difficult and unpleasant healing process. I've learned over a period of a long lifetime, 50 years of marriage with Rosen, how sadly mistaken I was in dealing with her. When we first got married, I was an arrogant young Naval Academy graduate.


Rosen was a very shy, timid, younger person from Plains, Georgia. I totally dominated her. I didn't show any sensitivity when she was distressed. I was just impatient when decisions were to be made about our family's life. I didn't consult with her. I just made a decision and informed her what we were gonna do. And that was in my formative stage as a mature human being, I've learned to correct some of those mistakes. So prayer life for me has, has paralleled in awareness and growth and insignificant my evolution as a human being.


And I hope that I'll continue to, you know, improve in the remaining years that I have. Tell me if this is too personal. Okay. What were the times in your life that you thought God betrayed you? Well, one of the most distressing times was in 1966, I had been a state senator of two terms. I thought after prayer that I should run for governor of Georgia. I admired a, a massive campaign all over the state, frantically shaking hands, asking people to support me. My opponent was a racist named Luster Maddox, whose symbol was a pick handle that he used to beat African Americans over the head if they tried to come into his restaurant and buy some fried chicken.


When the results came in luster, Maddox had won and I had lost. And I couldn't believe that the Georgia people preferred him. I couldn't believe that God would let this happen. So I had a complete renunciation of, of, of my faith. And my sister who lived in Fayetteville, North Carolina, Ruth Carter Stapleton, was a very famous evangelist. My mother called her and told her that I was, had this attitude. So Ruth came down the plains and we went out in the woods and Ruth tried to console me, which was impossible. And Ruth quoted a couple of verses from the second chapter of James, which was a foundation of Ruth's ministry, which is a very happy ministry.


Anyway, James says, according to a God that no matter how horrible a mistake we made, or how total our failure might be, or how abject our despair, or how great our loss, that if we have, first of all courage and then if we have patience, and then if we are wise enough to seek wisdom from God, any catastrophe can be changed into a blessing. I told Ruth that this was a complete balogna. That wasn't a word I used. It was ridiculous. And Ruth said, Jimmy, you have to have faith that this is true. She said, why don't you just forget about politics for a while and just respond to any opportunities you have.


So just a few weeks later, I was asked to go as a lay witness to Lock Haven, Pennsylvania, a group of volunteer Baptist from State College, which is where Penn State University has, had, had called every family in the phone book. And they had identified a hundred families, none of whom had any religious faith. And I was asked to go and visit those families. So I knocked on the door some received this with open arms, some wouldn't open the door. And at the end of a week, I had experienced for the first time in my life, a genuine presence of God, a sense that the Holy Spirit was with us.


We had 48 people who accepted Christian faith. And that was a turning point in my life. I, I then began to see that no matter if I was elected to any future office or not, that there were other things in life. When we do have a setback in politics or in business or whatever, we need to have faith that we can find an alternative that would give us much more significant priorities in life. The interview with Jimmy Carter, we just heard was recorded in 1996 after the publication of his memoir, living Faith. After a break, we'll hear his reflections on aging recorded after the publication of his memoir, the Virtues of Aging.


This is Fresh Air


Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air Up. First. NPR News Now, planet Money, Ted Radio Hour through line, the NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcast you can enjoy, sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


Donald Trump promised to change Washington DC a place where there's an, an old saying that personnel is policy. That's why we have created a new podcast called Trump's Terms, where you can follow NPRs coverage of the incoming Trump administration from his cabinet secretaries to political advisors and top military leaders to understand who they are, what they believe, and how they'll govern. Listen to Trump's terms from NPR.


This is Fresh Air. Today we have been looking back on the life of Jimmy Carter through a series of Fresh Air interviews. The final excerpt we'll hear today is about his relationship with his wife, Rosalyn Carter. Jimmy Carter had been under hospice care for months when Rosalyn died at age 96. By all accounts, they had a strong, loving and supportive relationship. After he lost his reelection campaign and left the White House in 1981 when he was 56, he and Rosalyn returned home to Plains, Georgia, although they hardly retired, and Carter had one of the most productive post presidencies in American history. They faced something many retired couples face more time home together, perhaps too much time.


He and Rosalyn learned they needed to give each other a lot of private space to keep separate except for time they'd scheduled to be together. I spoke with Jimmy Carter about this in 1998 after the publication of his book, the Virtues of Aging. I asked him how they first realized that too much time together was the source of tension. Well, it was after I left the White House that we found that we would be confronting each other in the same house all day long and not have a, a job outside. Although we do a lot of things now outside that we didn't anticipate. Then also, when I lost the election in 1980, I discovered to my horror that a very successful business that I had put into a blind trust when I went to the White House was now a million dollars in debt.


We had moved back to Plains Georgia, a town that had a population of 600. Our last child was leaving home. We didn't have a job. We didn't know what in the world we were gonna do. And so Rosa and I have evolved a lifestyle over after some difficulty, I may admit, in adjusting to each other so that we respect each other's privacy. We know now after a number of years what times of day we get together, but during the work periods, when we're writing a book, for instance, books, we, that's how we make our living now writing books. We respect each other's privacy and we don't encroach on it. Jimmy Carter's my guest, his new book is called The Virtues of Aging.


You say one thing we must do nowadays is prepare for long drawn out illnesses near the end of life. Now that there's the medical technology to sustain us through long chronic illnesses. I'm wondering if you have any thoughts about living wills or where you'd, where, if any place you'd wanna draw the line if you had a, a debilitating chronic illness. Yes. As a matter of fact, I wrote about that in the book. My father, my mother, my both my sisters and my brother all died from the same illness, and that is cancer. They all smoked cigarettes and they died, most of them prematurely. I've never smoked and that's one, one reason I have a better health, I think. But when my family members approached death, all of them, for some reason, approached it with great equanimity.


My sister Ruth was a, a famous evangelist. Ruth Carter Stapleton, my brother and my mother were, were great humorous, and they were tell still telling jokes and and kidding back and forth with the family members around their bedside when they were approaching death the last few hours, my oldest sister Gloria, was an avid biker. She had a home, you might say, for motorcyclists, who were on the way down to Daytona to race. And they would spend two or three days with Gloria while she fed 'em and took care of 'em and repaired. They love the jackets and so forth. When Gloria was on her deathbed in the hospital, we all knew she was gonna die with pancreatic cancer. She had two, the bikers moved into planes and two motorcycles were at Gloria's hospital room door 24 hours a day.


And when Gloria finally died, her funeral procession was a hearse and in front of the hearse with 37 Harley Davidson motorcycles and carved on Gloria's tombstone in plains is she rides in Harley Heaven. So you can see that, that that death in our family has not been a, a, a sorted, morbid, psychologically wrenching experience. We all know we are gonna pass on some time and we've tried to to approach it in a reasonable way. And, and to get back, finally to your question, rose, rose and I both have living wills. We want to, to pass away the same way my family members have without tubes and without an artificial extension of our life.


That's very costly. So we have ordained already legally that, that we die a natural death. You, you said that one of the most interesting and gratifying responsibilities at your age is to decide what to do with accumulated wealth and possessions. And you and Rosalyn are planning to leave a substantial portion of your estate to the Carter Center. And I'm wondering how you've both decided what's the right thing to do, you know, by your country and by your children, you know, how much to give to the Carter Center, how much to leave for your children? I think that's, you know, for, for, for people who are lucky enough to be in that position. It's a difficult question. In my book, I give some simple advice on what everybody should do.


One fact that we can avoid is that, that we have a, all of us in the United States have a major error, the same one, and that's the US government. If we don't plan our estate, then a major portion of it, maybe sometimes almost all of it will go to the US government instead of the people about whom we care or the other projects or the entities about which we are concerned. So we finally agreed that we would rose and I did that we'd, we would have all our children come down home for one Thanksgiving weekend, for instance. And we discussed with them very frankly, everything that we owned and we took that them around and showed 'em the, the boundary lines of our land.


We discussed with them, what do you want us to leave to you? Would you rather us skip you with some of our estate and give it directly to your children? That is mine. And Rosen's grandchildren Rose and I have decided with, with counsel from Estate planners, how much of our estate to leave to the Carter Center. The the point is that no matter who we are, we ought to make some plans about what kind of legacy we want. Well, I wanna thank you very much for talking with us. I've really enjoyed it. Thank you. You had some good questions. The interview we just heard with Jimmy Carter was recorded in 1998. He died yesterday at the age of 100.


Rest in peace tomorrow and Fresh Air. We'll continue our end of the year series, collecting a few of the 2024 interviews we particularly enjoyed. We'll feature the interview with Mark Ruffalo this year. He was nominated for an Oscar for his hilarious performance in poor things as a foppish rake who Seduces Emma Stone's character in the Marvel Cinematic universe. He's the Hulk. I hope you'll join us. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Today's edition was produced by Roberta Shorrock, who also directs the show. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham with Engineering today from Adam Stanski.


Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Anne Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cho, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly Cper. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I gross.