
NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Dave Davies. David Johansen, a founding member of the legendary 1970s Band. The New York Dolls died last week. He was 75. The New York Dolls never sold many records, but the band had lasting influence paving the way for punk rock. He also performed in his persona, Buster Poindexter, a Papa Door wearing lounge lizard. And he played the blues with his band David Johansen. And the Harry Smiths Johansen was the subject of a 2022 Showtime documentary co-directed by Martin Scorsese and David ESI called Personality Crisis One Night Only. Much of the documentary is built around Johansen's 2020 performance as Buster Poindexter at the Cafe Carlisle in New York City.


The film also featured, newly discovered and archival interviews with him and others. Here's a clip from the documentary with English singer and songwriter Morrissey. He says he was obsessed with the New York Dolls as a teenager 'cause they brought a sense of danger to rock. Their music was loud and rough, but more than that. So here were boys who were calling themselves dolls and they looked like prostitutes, male prostitutes, which at the time, you have to remember, it was a long time ago. And all and all of that kind of thing was really taboo. English singer Morrissey from the Showtime documentary about the New York Dolls.


Terry Gross spoke to David Johansen in 2004, the surviving members of the band had just reunited at Morrissey's request for a festival in England. Their performance was recorded on a CD and DVD titled The Return of the New York Dolls Live from Royal Festival Hall. Terry's interview starts with a track from the album called Looking for a Kiss. The Dolls used to play this one in the 1970s. It was written by David Johanson, who also sings Lead. When I say in love, you best believe I'm in love at UV.


I always saw you just before. I gotta have, I gotta get some, I gotta keep on moving. Stop out. Listen, when you got, I just, if there's one reason I'm telling you this, I feel I'll be looking for Kiss.


So when you were on stage, you know, with the, with the Reunited and, and the new version of The Dolls and you were doing the Old Doll songs, did you have any like, flashbacks to things that you had totally forgotten about? Like did memories like surface of things that were really interesting that you had completely forgotten about until you were back in that setting again? Well, I have memories, but God, they're vague. You know, I, I mean, I remember the first time we made a record with Todd Rundgren, and the only thing I remember is the lights on the control board. I thought they were really pretty. Mm. And That's really the only memory I Any historian would wanna know all about that, Of making that first record.


That's the, you know, people think I'm kidding when they ask. Well, what was it like making that first record? Because it, you know, it kind of became this benchmark kind of record. That's really the only memory I have of it. But, you know, the thing that struck me was I had to kind of sit down and listen to the music and write the words down and learn them. And I thought, oh, you Had to relearn your own songs. Yeah. Because, you know, I hadn't sang sung them. God knows how long, you know, I mean, it wasn't like I had to relearn them from scratch because they kind of come back to you. But I had to have some kind of thing to look at. And, you know, I find that when I write something, it goes into my head better than if I just try to memorize it.


So I was writing, for example, like human being, and I was thinking, God, how did I write that song? This is great. I mean, it really holds up, you know, it's kind of like a declaration that I think is timeless. So there's a lot of stuff like that in the songs, which the, let me explain something to you. There was a time, you know, and when we started The Dolls and we were really such a gang, and it was like us against the world, and we were really trying to evolve music into something new.


And it was, you know, very kind of almost militant to us. And then over the years, you know, in the history books, you know, like the, the Rolling Stone, complete Encyclopedia of Rock and Roll or something, you know, you, you look in the appendix and see where your name is and see what they say about you. It's not like you buy the book. And I would always say, you know, they were trashy, they were flashy, they were drug addicts, they were drag queens, you know, and that whole kind of trashy blah, blah, blah thing. I think over the years kind of settled in my mind as, oh yeah, that's what it was.


You know? And then by going back to it and deconstructing it and then putting it back together again, I realized that, you know, it really is art. And that some critic at one time had come up with this catchall phrase that as, you know, once somebody says it, then everybody just looks it up and they say it because nobody does. Right. Nobody has an original idea. In spite of the fact that you don't remember a whole lot about parts of the early days of the Dolls, do you remember writing the song Personality Crisis? Well, you know, I don't remember exactly sitting down and writing the words, but I remember where I got the, the name because I was, I was kind of like an acolyte in Charles Ludlums ridiculous theater when I was a kid, when this is when I was, you know, 17, 18, 19.


And, and Let's just describe what Charles Leland's, the theater was it, he used to dress in drag a lot as the leading lady and, and these like Greta Garbo kind of roles and Yeah. But it was so much more than that. Yeah. It was really very intelligent stuff that he used to do. And he used to combine a lot of genres of, you know, classical playwriting and, you know, like Moye, he would put in with something kitschy that was present, you know, present day stuff. And he would put, he would make this melange of ideas that were just so, they would come out so original and brilliant that, you know, people throw the word genius around.


But he was actually a genius. He was one of the most intelligent people I think I've ever met. But I think one day he, we were at a rehearsal or something and he just said, oh God, I'm having a personality crisis. And I just thought, oh, that's really good. And I wrote it down, you know, personality crisis. And that's really all I remember about writing a song. And the song came from that. Well, why don't we hear Personality Crisis as performed by the New York Dolls at the Meltdown Festival over the summer. So this is from the Return of the New York Dolls Baby.


Yeah, no, no. In In the liner notes for, for the DVD and the cd, you, you write about Arthur Kane.


This was, this was his last performance. He was the bass player of the band. And it was, it was Arthur Kane who, who knocked on your door and recruited you to be in the Dolls when the band was being formed. He, he, he died just a few weeks after the concert. Did you even know he was sick? No. And neither did he, you know, he had had this incredible life, Arthur, and he was just this really brilliant guy who had this incredible insight into reality that was, it was just one step to the left of probably the most radical people I had ever met at that point.


And I don't even mean, you know, politics, I just mean the way he saw things. And they were always spot on. And he was just so brilliant to me. And then he kind of, he, he had been come from this family that was just like hell on earth and he got a taste for the booze and went through like a lot of years of just being drunk all the time. And he would, he got, I remember he got to this point where he would just say, hi Arthur. And he would just say, woo, his only word became woof. Anyway, he went through all this stuff. I mean, I can't begin to tell you in his life he fell out a window or he did this, he got hit by a car, he did this, he did that.


And then he came out the other side and he got involved with like, you know, the Mormons and became the librarian at the Family History office at the Mormon Tabernacle. And he, so he was like this Mormon, but with this really kind of demented outlook on life that, so he wasn't, you know, like a proselytize or, but he just was so wonderful and Well let, Let's, and he had this very high voice and he was six foot five or something.


Let, let's talk about how he did recruit you for the band. He knocked on your door in your apartment in Manhattan. You were what, around 19 or something? Yeah. What did, what did he tell you about this new band? Well, there was a guy who lived in my building who I used to kind of, you know, jam with and strung guitars. And he was this Colombian guy who played bongos. And we used to just sit around and play music. And he knew Billy Marcia, who was the original drummer and the Dolls, and told these guys that who were looking for a singer. Then I was a singer and I was, he thought I was a pretty good singer. And so one day Arthur was just at my door with Billy, and Arthur was about three feet taller than Billy.


And he just said, I hear you're a singer. And I said, yeah. And I invited them in and we started talking and they said they had a band and they were looking for a singer, and I was looking for a band. And we just really, that day actually, we left my apartment and went like four blocks up the street to Johnny Thunder's apartment where there was some drums and guitars and stuff and started to play. And we were a band essentially. What were some of the things that you knew you didn't wanna be about the kind of music that you thought had dead ended? Oh, you know, at that time there was like a, these interminable drum solos.


And you know what happens when the drum solo stops? It's the worst. It's then the bass takes a solo and stuff like that, you know, and we just wanted to kind of have some really wham bam songs. And I mean, for me, the whole thing was like, If you have to compare it to something like a little Richard kind of presentation, and I can remember when I was really young and I would go to the Murray K shows, you know, and I saw Mitch Rider and you know, these shows had 30 acts, and everybody would come out and do two or three minutes, and Mitch Rider would come out and do a med medley of his three big hits.


He would come out and like, kinda like a tuxedo. And within 45 seconds he was half naked and sweating like a pig. And we just wanted to make an explosion, you know, of excitement. So that's what was missing. You know, rock and roll had become very kind of pedantic and meandering and it was looking for something, but it was like an actor in search of a play or something, you know? Now, now on the album cover of the New York of the, of the album, the New York Dolls, you're all dressed in this kind of trashy drag with a lot of, I make up in lipstick.


You're wearing a bouffant wig, I assume it's a wig. No, it wasn't a wig. It Wasn't a wig. No. You teased your hair for it. It's very, Yeah. Well, somebody teased it. Somebody teased It, right. And you're wearing what looks like Capri pants and high heeled clogs and open cardigan revealing your bare chest, and you're staring at yourself in the mirror of a makeup compact. Right. And the band's name is written in lipstick. Right. For those of us who didn't get to see you on stage, how did that compare with how you actually looked on stage? Well, that was probably, you know, I mean, I think, you know, to the average civilian, it probably didn't look any different, but to us we were like dressing up a little bit more, make it a little special for the, For the record cover.


You know, you know, Sylvain was in the rag trade with Billy. They had this little sweater company and called Truth that, well, they sold it to this company called Truth and Soul. They used to make these poor boy sweaters, they had a loom. And through that, they knew a lot of people who actually are very kind of famous designers now, but who were just getting started. And I think it was like Betsy Johnson and these women that she used to work with, they had a store in St. Mark's place, and they knew a photographer and they knew a makeup guy, and they knew this and that, you know, we didn't know anything about that. So I think they helped to facilitate that photo session.


What inspired your interest in, or willingness to be in a kind of drag for performances? I mean, you mentioned you had been with, with Charles Lu's ridiculous theater and drag was often a part of their performances in, in theater. So where did you see it fitting into your music? Well, you know, we were on, we were, you know, the, the hotbed of revolution at that time was, you know, St. Mark's Place and Second Avenue. And through that, you know, it's, there were so many artists there and you know, actors and people who were doing these plays, like the ridiculous people. And there was, you know, filmmakers and poets and painters and, and we were the band of that crowd.


I mean, it wasn't like we were the band of even New York City, you know, we were the band basically of the East Village, you know, and it wasn't so much like a sexual thing. 'cause you know, like sexuality refers to like biological aspects. It was more like a gender thing, you know? And gender is like, you know, like the cultural differences that grow up around the biological differences. So, so instead of like male and female, like gender is really masculine and feminine, right? I think the trick for us that at the time was to decide which characteristics were sex and which were gender, you know, and you know, because there's certain things males do and there's certain things females do.


I mean, the universe didn't make two sexes for nothing. Did a lot of people early on assume that you were gay because of the way you dressed in performance or because of the Cover? I don't know. I don't know. I mean, it was obviously we weren't gay. I mean, you know, I, but maybe to some people it was, you know, you know how some people, I mean to some people everybody's gay, you know, like you could say, like you could be talking to somebody and go, oh, that Hitler, and they go gay. You know? So I mean, some, some people just think everybody's gay. But I don't know, we were like these kind of street kids from, you know, from St.


Mark's place, you know? And we just had this idea that, you know, at the time, masculine meant strong and assertive, feminine meant weakened, demure. And this was a time of like redefinition of the roles, you know, it was overdue and it was just part of evolution, I think, you know, and everything kind of transcends and goes beyond what went before and otherwise what's the use of doing anything? You know, David Johansson, co-founder of the 1970s band of the New York Dolls, speaking with Terry Gross in 2004. He died last week at the age of 75.


Johansson is the subject of a 2022 documentary co-directed by Martin Scorsese on Showtime titled Personality Crisis. One night Only later, film critic Justin Chang, reviews Mickey 17, A futuristic action comedy by Bong June Hobe starring Robert Pattinson. Here's David Johanson performing in his lounge lizard persona, Buster Poindexter from the documentary. We'll continue our conversation after a break. I'm Dave Davies and This is Fresh Air. I woke up late one day and turned on my tv. They see they had taken it over when I was asleep.


Well, they were breaking down doors. They were purging and a burning. Are people just like me? Well, I fixed a drink, I switched around a channel, but that was all I could say. Well, when you find that were told state, there are no ones left. It don't seem right. You just don't feel so great. Well, the trees were all camping and the Mexicans was laughing down at the detention center. They didn't seem to care that they were there.


I couldn't find one dissenter under the field I was in. I couldn't see it getting any better. I could have called the one. I wish I had a gun. I couldn leave. I signed the letter. When you she right, you just don't feel so great. When it came to fear me, I'd hope they would forgive me. I tried paying dead. I finished my drink, assist the situation, put the covers up over my head, I quit.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel. It is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the Internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers. Go to shopify.com/npr to take your business to the next level today.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney plus follow Cassie and or as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bour Identity. Season two of and or is now streaming only on Disney plus.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR, The band was so originally so used to performing in like in Manhattan, in the village where, where people like knew the band, the people who came were a part of the same like arts subculture that the band was a part of. But when you went on the road in America, did you start playing in places where people weren't kindred spirits in the same way and they didn't necessarily get what you were doing and didn't know how to react to it?


Yes and no. I mean, it's very interesting. Like, you know, there were like rust belt places, you know, like Detroit and Cleveland and places like that. People would go crazy for us and they would come to the shows all dressed up, you know, and Chicago and you know, we were really well received in Los Angeles and San Francisco. And we used to play a lot in Florida, you know, Miami. And we used to play in Atlanta and be very well accepted. And then we used to also, you know, we were, we were friends with Leonard Skynyrd at the time. We were kind of kindred spirits and we was, we would go on tours of like state fairs in like tertiary markets in Missouri together.


And we would have a great time, you know, I know in Memphis, I got arrested on stage one night for allegedly, you know, it was like the Alice Tulley Hall of Memphis. I mean, it was this nice clean room and there had been articles in the newspaper that we were coming to Pied Piper, all the children to the end of the world or whatever. And we thought it was funny when we read it, but I actually got arrested on stage. And what for? Went to the Hucal in Memphis, which is, I was dressed like Liza Minnelli at the time, so it wasn't the most relaxing night I ever had.


How, how do people respond to you in prison? In jail? Yeah. I would just like hit under these like Lysol smelling like army blankets. And then this guy woke up and he went like, oh damn, you're David Johansson. And I was like, quiet, quiet, quiet. And then he woke up this bear and the bear was growling and I was like, oh my God. My knees were like, you know, rattling under these covers. But I got bailed out at like, Dawn, what Were the charges? Inciting a riot. The cops, you know, the cops wanted to mess the thing up and they started beating on kids and 'cause they got up and danced and I stopped the music and I started explaining to this officer that this child, he was abusing maybe, you know, the mayor's kid or a nephew or something, and his job would be in jeopardy.


And then they just threw me in cuffs and dragged me away for inciting a riot. Hmm. I may not have used the exact same language. Right, I understand. W why did the New York Dolls break up Inertia? I dunno. You know, I think we got to a point where I like to think, you know, it was a project that we finished, but there was like factions in the group that were, you know, more interested in drugs than in playing music. And it just be kind of became, for me, I mean, I can only speak for myself, you know, it, for me it became untenable.


What did you think when you saw The Sex Pistols, the Ramones, you, you, your, your band? The, the, the Dolls preceded punk, but it was certainly influential in a lot of punk bands and had the same sensibility in a lot of ways. So when, when, when you saw that Sens sensibility just really become so popular, what did you think? I thought every new idea begins as heresy and winds up as superstition. I think I never saw the Sex Pistols, but I saw the Ramones because they used to rehearse down the hall from, from me.


I forget what band if I was in the Dolls or in the My Next band, but I remember Joey Ramon came to the room, I was rehearsing and you know, they, they have these buildings in New York with a hundred bands playing at once. It's like they would drive a monk insane. And he came by and said he wanted me to come down the hall and hear his band. And I went down the hall to hear his band. And I, I probably said, you know, you're a nice guy, why don't you just give up? You know, I told the Talking Heads they should give up. I mean, I would be the worst a and r man in the history of show business because I tell all these bands who, when they're beginning that, you're a good kid, why don't you get a real job and a house?


You know? So I don't, what do I know? I didn't think anything about it being influenced by me or anything like that. It was just probably I had a headache and the music was really loud. David Joe Hanson, who co-founded the 1970s band of the New York Dolls, speaking with Terry Gross in 2004. He died last week. He was the last surviving member of the band. We'll hear more after a break. This is Fresh Air


In the next through line from NPR For the presidency. I'm indebted to almighty God. I'm in charge of the country and I need to serve all the American people and not just the political machine. The origins of the modern civil service listen to through line, wherever you get your podcasts.


Keeping up with the news can feel like a 24 hour job. Luckily, it is our job. Every hour on the NPR News Now podcast, we take the latest, most important stories happening and we package 'em into five minute episodes so you can easily squeeze 'em in between meetings and on your way to that thing, listen to the NPR News now podcast.


Now Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency at the NPR Politics podcast. We're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term, from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast.


I wanna skip ahead to the eighties and nineties when you performed a Lottos Buster Poindexter and, you know, the, the, the New York dolls were so into a kind of prepp punk sensibility, and we're, we're very high energy and very raw and you know, Buster Poindexter is much more of a kind of lounge, more Vegas oriented kind of persona. You know, instead of in, in, in, in, in, in, in drag on the cover, you know, the Buster Poindexter character is in a tuxedo and It's all drag Terry. Well, That's the thing. No, no, but that's exactly the thing.


I mean, no, I mean, Birkenstocks are dragged Exactly. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, Exactly. Everyone's like, everybody, everybody is saying something with their clothes, you know? So have you always felt like you were standing back and knowing that, that any, any kind of drag that you were putting on any kind of outfit or whatever you were putting on for performance was always that, that you always knew it was some kind of drag or another? Yeah, yeah. You know, the thing with Pointex is we, there was a little club, like a saloon, an Irish bar around the corner from my house. I was living in Gramercy Park, it was two blocks from my house and it, it was kind of like my watering hole. And they would have bands there like Joe Turner or Charles Brown or Big Mabel, and they would do residencies there.


So they would play like three or four nights a week for a month, say, you know, and there was a room upstairs where they would live Monday night. The back room was dark. So I had decided I was gonna do this little like road barrel house kind of road house show where I could just sing whatever songs I wanted to sing and I was gonna do it for four Mondays. And I went in there and I figured I'd use a, a pseudonym so people wouldn't be coming in screaming for, you know, funky but cheek. So I went in to do that and I just picked whatever songs.


I had been listening to a lot of jump blues at the time, but I also did, you know, like the Seven Deadly Virtues from Camelot and you know, whatever, just whatever songs I wanted to sing. And by the end of four weeks I started doing weekends and it just kind of organically built into this, it started out as a three piece band and wound up as like a 15 piece band. So I think by the time it got to the national awareness, it did have this kind of vegasy kind of idea to it, but it started off more kind of like the Louis Prima days in the fifties of Vegas. You know what I'm saying? Right, right, right.


Well that image was encouraged, like on the cover of the Busta Poindexter album, you're, you're drinking a martini, Right? A tuxedo with your pinky Rice. And then I was back on, see I was walking to work, I was making a nice living and then we had a hit and you know, when all went to hell because we had to go back on the road. Right. Well I want, I want, I wanna play something from the Buster Poindexter era and don't Play Hot, Hot, hot. No, no, I wasn't going to, I was gonna play. Oh, thank God. Were you really tired of it? It's the bane of my life. Oh, I was gonna play Bad boy. Okay, Tell me why you recorded this and this is a cover. Well, I don't know, it's just a good song.


It was written by Lil Armstrong and I always liked it ever since I was a kid. Yeah. Okay, well let's hear it. This is from the Buster Poindexter album. I'm taking the Trouble to My Night, you know, that old hating sun, you ain't gonna hurt my head because you ain't gonna find me right there in the shade.


I can see all the folks I can see at me. Crazy. That's Bad. Boy from David Johansen's album, Buster Poindexter, David Johansen is my guest and his first band, the New York Dolls, has a reunion concert that was just released on CD and DVD. It seems to me that you've had so many different characters you've inhabited as, as a, as a performer and, and I'm wondering how much you think your career as an actor has come into play in your career as a musician.


You know, because before you were even in the New York Dolls, you were with the ridiculous theater company in New York and over the years you've been in, you know, a lot of movies as well. Yeah, I guess, you know, there's a lot of a kind of acting involved. I I, you know, I have this friend Elliot Murphy who's a singer, he lives in Paris now, and I remember one night I started doing Buster Poindexter. He used to say to me, David, you know, Buster Poindexter is so much more like you than David Johansen is, you know, if you get what I'm saying. In other words, with Buster, I really kind of went on stage and really didn't edit myself and just kind of said whatever came to my mind and didn't have many filters.


Whereas prior to that, in the period of my, I guess you would call it solo career, although, you know, you're always in a band, so it's never really a solo career, but I had the David Johansen group or band or whatever it was called, and we used to open for a lot of bands and hockey rinks, you know, and You kind of go out there. At that point I was going out there and kind of presenting this what I thought, like ideal picture of myself, you know what I mean? Just this pleasant fellow, you know, whereas Buster was really kind of more warts and all, you know.


And I think by doing that, I, it helped me to be myself more, you know? Whereas, so now, now when I go on stage, I'm not like biting my nails. I go, what am I gonna do? What do I, how, how am I gonna be blah, blah, blah? I just don't even think about it because I'm just gonna go out there and essentially be whoever I am at that moment. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You, you once said back in the Buster Points, extra era Buster can have this great life in the public eye and take the rap for everything and then David can go home. Exactly. You know, it's funny because my mother, when Buster came out, she said, you know, this is the most genius idea you've ever come up with.


This is Great. And I think that was her idea that, you know, Buster can take the rap and politicians should do it. Now you have a show on Sirius, which is one of the satellite radio stations. Oh yeah. Oh, who are you as a dj? Are you just yourself or do you have a a I have a show called The Mansion of Fun, and I'm kind of like Sri Rama Poindexter Johansen, and I'm very, I've very taken with Sri Rama Krishna lately because I read a biography of his and thought, man, that guy knew how to live and he called the planet the Mansion of Fun.


So I named my show after that and I play a really diverse bunch of music. You know, I play salsa opera, blues, rock and roll, you know, you name it, I play a lot of Nino Rota music, I play, you know, whatever tickles my fancy. So it's really completely freeform and I speak a lot of kind of Ken Wilber type forward thinking philosophy. Well, David Johansen great to talk with you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Terry.


David Johansen, co-founder of the 1970s band, the New York Dolls, speaking with Terry Gross in 2004. He died last week, he was 75. He was the subject of a Showtime documentary co-directed by Martin Scorsese titled Personality Crisis One Night Only. Here's David Johansson performing in his lounge Lizard Persona, Buster Poindexter. From that documentary Tonight I'm gonna do songs that I wrote or co-wrote, I guess from when I was a Teenager all the way Up to now. And the one thing I could say, the unifying thing of my existence is that there's always been plenty of music Feeling a great sadness today.


I don't want to shush it or shoe it away, it belongs to the whole world, the boys and girls. It ain't just mine like joy and love, it's always there. I don't know how I tune in or why that I care, but I can't pretend it don't feel like the end and everything is fine. I feel exiled from the Divine me any set friends of mine, we just waiting down here drinking beer and losing time.


When I hear plenty of music, I see superfluous beauty everywhere. Why should I care? What does it matter to me? The myth is a song. Yeah, Nature.


That's a song Coming up. Film Critic Justin Chang, reviews Mickey 17, the new film by Bong June Ho. This is Fresh Air.


Do you remember when discovering a new artist felt like finding buried treasure at all songs considered NPR R'S Music Recommendation podcast. We put that kind of magic back into discovering new tracks. We're here to make the hunt for new music easy delivering you the cream of the crop from every genre. We'll help you make music feel fun again, only on all songs considered from NPR.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S through line podcast with a Peabody award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time travel with us every week on the Throughline Podcast from NPR


These days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR


In the futuristic action comedy Mickey 17. Robert Pattinson plays a space traveler who's repeatedly killed and resurrected for scientific research purposes as part of an expedition to a distant planet. It's the first movie from South Korean, writer, director Bong Joon Ho. After his Oscar winning film Parasite Mickey 17 opens in theaters. This week our film critic Justin Chang, has this review. There's long been a current of topical anger running through the work of the brilliant South Korean filmmaker Bong. Joon Ho Parasite was a domestic thriller and an indictment of economic inequality. The host was a terrific monster movie with much to say about environmental decay and government in action.


And then there are bongs Hollywood movies like Snow Piercer, which took on class rage and Climate Change and Okya, which paints such a grim picture of industrialized meat production that reportedly many of its viewers went vegetarian. Now comes bongs new movie Mickey 17 and outlandish other worldly farts that also paints in broadly satirical strokes. The movie adapted from a novel by Edward Ashton begins in the year 2054 on a faraway planet called Heim, where a human colony is being established. Robert Pattinson plays Mickey Barnes, a goodnatured screw up, who's been hired as an expendable, a human Guinea pig.


His job is to repeatedly die and live again to ensure that Heim is safe for human habitation. And so he's exposed to radiation viruses and toxins leading to painful and protracted deaths. His body is dumped in the incinerator and then through the wonders of human printing technology, a whole new Mickey is regenerated and implanted with all his past memories. Live, die, repeat. That's all Mickey knows anymore. Why would anyone sign up for such a grueling ordeal? It's complicated. Let's just say that Mickey owes someone back on earth a lot of money, and he decided it'd be best to flee the planet and die multiple reversible deaths rather than a single permanent one.


As the movie opens 16 previous Mickeys have already bitten the dust, and so it's Mickey 17 who introduces us to Nle Heim, a planet covered by ice and snow during a dangerous scouting mission. A colleague Jennifer is killed. Mickey ironically survives later back at their compound. Another colleague played by Anna Maria Olo, me asks Mickey a question he's been asked many times before. What's it like dying? It's terrible dying.


I hate it no matter how many times I go through it. It's scary still, always every time, But you're here and Jennifer isn't out there, the entire universe, she's not aware.


While you could see the premise as a metaphor for human cloning, bong is less concerned with ethical implications than narrative possibilities. He surrounds Mickey with supporting characters who underscore his weird existential loneliness. Steven Young pops up as a backstabbing friend who treats Mickey like garbage. Mickey does have a loving and supportive girlfriend, a very good Naomi Aie, who's happy to be with him or any version of him as we eventually learn. The Mickeys are not all strictly identical, and Patson has fun, underscoring the differences. While most of the Mickeys are lovable, goofballs, at least one turns out to be dangerously unhinged.


Pattinson has always been an adventurous actor, and this is one of his most inventive performances marked by a Gumby like physicality, a Steve Buscemi edge to his voice and a deep core of melancholy. The subtler depths of Paton's performance aren't always matched elsewhere in Mickey 17. Not that subtlety is really the goal here. Bong is a giddy maximalist among genre filmmakers. He embraces high drama, low comedy, and sudden bursts of violence, and he likes to juggle a lot of moving parts. His talents are formidable, but they aren't always well served by the shift to a big Hollywood canvas like Snow Piercer and Okia before it.


Mickey 17 can be a bustling, unwieldy contraption of a movie. It has not one, but two over the top villains, the tyrannical leader of the Niel Heim colony, played by Mark Ruffalo and his diabolical wife, played by Tony Collette. They have fun leering and sneering up a storm and ruff low's Mannered vocal delivery makes it clear that he's lampooning a certain US president. Some of this satire does land, but it also wears awfully thin. Even so, bong is one of the few filmmakers who can work at this scale with elaborate production, design, and intricate visual effects, and still retain his artistic signature.


Some of the most memorable characters in Mickey 17 are the native inhabitants of Niel Heim, which look like giant white rolly Polly bugs with armadillo like shells. They're creepy at first glance, and it's no surprise the human characters shortsighted colonizers that they are are bent on wiping them out, leave it to bong to flip the equation he gives each of these slimy CGI critters a soul. It's a rare action filmmaker who can make you say, Aw instead of yuck. Even amid multiple Mickeys bongs talent remains one of a kind.


Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed Bong June Ho's new movie Mickey 17. On Monday show, Terry speaks with Comic Bill Burr about his anger issues, which are hilarious on stage, but not so much in real life, and how therapy mushrooms and becoming a father have helped. Terry says the interview was a wild ride and she really enjoyed it. Burr has a new Hulu comedy special and is the star of the new Broadway revival of Glen Garry. Glen Ross. I hope you can join us. Our senior producer today is Thea Chaloner for Terry Gross, Antonia Moseley. I'm Dave Davies.


I'm Jesse Thorn. This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur, so she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or Going to Work. So listen to The Up First podcast from NPR


At NPRs Pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss, and we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the Pop Culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.