
This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. Today. we remember Quincy Jones. He died Sunday at the age of 91 in his New York Times obit music critic Ben Ratliff described Jones as one of the most powerful forces in American popular music for more than a century. Jones started his career as a trumpeter in Lionel Hampton's big band in the early fifties, but he never became a noted instrumentalist. What made him famous and wealthy was his work as an arranger, composer, and record producer work that spans from the big bands through bebop, pop, movie soundtracks, TV themes, and hip hop. He arranged or produced recordings for Sinatra, Ray Charles, Aretha Diner, Washington, George Benson and Icet.


And he produced the Michael Jackson albums Off the Wall Bad and the Bestselling album of all Time Thriller. His music has been sampled in many hip hop recordings and his 1962 recording sold Bossanova was used as the theme to the Austin Powers films. The multimedia company, Quincy Jones Entertainment, produced the sitcoms, the Fresh Prince of Bel Air in the House and the sketch show, mad tv. I spoke with him in 2001 after the release of his memoir q and a four CD Box set by the same name of music, featuring him as a trumpeter, arranger, composer, or producer. We started with a sampling of tracks from that collection.


Another bride, Another June, another sunny Honeymoon, Another season. Another reason for making whoopie At me. I'm as hell of a tree and I feel like I'm clinging to get just, I never cared much for Moon.


I never winked back at fireflies. But now that the stars are in your eyes, I'm beginning to see the life I never went in. Fly Me to the moon. Let me play among the stars and let me see what spring is like on a Jupiter and Mars. In other words, hold my hand.


In other words, baby kiss me.


They don't, Don't. The fires in their eyes and their really Back On the block. Back, Back On the block back, lemme kick my credentials. A young player in South Central LA that's a sampling of music from the four CT box set Q that was released at the same time as his memoir q That was back in 2001 when I spoke with him.


One of the first musicians he became good friends with was Ray Charles. They met when Charles was 16 and Jones was 14. I asked Quincy Jones how they met. I think it was at the Elks Club, Terry, where we used to, after we played two jobs, we'd worked from seven to 10 and the white tennis clubs and where we'd play cup mu music of the popular music of the day to each his own and room full of roses. And then at 10 o'clock we'd go play the black clubs, the Black and Tan, the Rocking Chair and the Washington Educational and Social Club. And we played for strippers and we sang. Oh really? We had choreography. We had everything.


We, we as, as kids, we were pretty cocky because we had a, we had a great, great band. We could read music very well and we did everything we had. It was the show band too. So we got all, most of the jobs that that came around, it was nice. We played with Billie Holiday when we were in, in 48 behind her. And then in 49 we played with Billy Stein and Cab Calloway and all the bands that came through. So we were pretty confident in those days. So, and the band just kept getting tidy. 'cause we rehearsed a lot. You, you said that you admired Ray Charles independence. He was 16 years old. He was blind, but he had his own apartment.


He got around town himself. He, he had a girlfriend. I mean, he, he he had a lot of things that you wanted. Yes, he did. He had his own apartment too. In two suits is amazing. And but what, what, what, I guess what impressed me the most with Ray is that he was so independent and his sightlessness did not hinder him at all. It's one of the, one of the, the treasured cherished friendships that I really have. Because as kids, we used to talk about everything. He'd show me how to write music and braille, dizzy Gillespie songs like Emon and Bebop, et cetera. And we used to dream about the future, like, wouldn't it be great to work with a symphony officer one day?


We're gonna do that one day. We're gonna have three girlfriends each, you know, one day we're gonna do movies together, we're gonna do all of that stuff. And we did it. That's what's amazing. We, we did, you know, in the Heat of the Night together and we did, we the world, all of those things. Everything the girls, we, so we did. It's amazing to, to dream and have your dreams executed like that. And, and Well, I thought, I, I thought I'd play a 1959 recording that you arranged for Ray Charles. And this is from the Genius of Ray Charles album, which was recorded in 1959. We're gonna hear, let The Good Times Roll. Would you like to say anything about this track?


I would just like to add that we had half a count bass band on that session and half of Duke Ellington's band on that session. And in those days, that's when I first started to work with Phil Ramon, the engineer, who's now a producer. And Ahmed Tigan. Next year we, Tigan and Jerry Wexler came by because in those days what you heard was what you got. It was what wasn't about fixing in the mix. There was nothing to mix. This is Ray Charles arrangement by Quincy Jones. Let the good times roll.


Hey everybody, let's have some Fun. You live, but watch. And when you're dead, you're done. So let the good time roll. I said, let Thero, I don't care if you're young or old, you ought to get together and let a good time roll Out. Don't sit there mumbling, talk in trash. If you wanna have a ball, you got to go out and spend some cash and let the good time roll. Now I'm talking about the good times.


Well, It makes no difference whether you're young or old. All you got to do is get together and let the good time roll. Your first important music job was with the Lionel Hampton big band. You got that job while you were still in high school. How did he hire you when you were still in school? I had written a suite that I'd been working on for a long time, called From the Four Wins. And it was almost a descriptive piece. and I, I didn't understand theory too well then, but I just went straight. It didn't stop me from writing.


I didn't understand key signatures or anything. and I would say silly things on the top of a trumpet part, like a note when you play Be naturals, make the be naturals a half step lower. 'cause they sound funny if they're be naturals. And some guy said, idiot, just put a flat on the third line and it's a key signature. And so I didn't, because it, it didn't, it didn't bother me that I didn't understand that. 'cause I knew eventually I'd learn it. And so I gave this arrangement to submitted this to Lionel Hampton and he said, you wrote this, huh? I said, yeah, you played trumpet too. He said, yeah, well, he said, how'd you like to join my band? Please? Says, you kidding? And so they had little brown leather bags for your trumpet.


Then I had that and just very few toilet articles and so forth. and I went and sat on that bus so nobody would change their mind. and I wouldn't have to ask the people at home whether I could go or not. And sure enough, everybody got on one by one Amp said hi, and I felt secure. Then Gladys Hampton got on the bus and said, Uhuh, what is that child doing on this bus? And She said, no, son. You get off the bus and said, we will try to talk later, but you go to school. And I was destroyed. And so I got a scholarship to Boston, to the Berkeley College of Music, and I got the call. A friend named Janet Turo was singing with the band. And she reminded them and they called and said, we'd like you to be with the band.


I was 18 then, and I was ready. I was told the school I'd be back with. and I guess down inside, you know, when you go with the band like that, you'll never go, never go back. Now. Now you, you said that you were afraid that when you were playing with Hampton, that Parker or or Thelonious Monk might show up in the audience and you, you, you were worried they'd laugh at what you had to wear in the band. What did you have to wear in the Hampton Band? Well, that, that incident happened when we were playing at a place on Broadway, called Right Next Door to Birdland, I mean, totally adjacent. And both places were downstairs and we had to wear Tyro hats, purple shawl, collard coats and, and Bermuda Sharks.


Bermuda shots. Why? Oh my God. The whole band. Why did you wear shorts? Oh, I don't know. That's just Ham's idea of, he Amp was like a rock and roll band and he was the first rock and roll band. 'cause he attacked an audience, like a rock and roll band, no prisoners. And he knew how to get 'em too well, some Of the tenor solos were almost like a rock and rock and roll band too. Yeah. Yes. And they, they, they'd walk and the theaters, they'd walk, they had thin soul shoes and walk over the, the, the audience's heads with these thin soul shoes on top of their chairs. You know, it was absolutely incredible. He had this sense of show of business, but he had a lot of music in the band. 'cause you know, they had people like West Montgomery and Charlie Mingus and Fashion Novarro, some Ama Clifford Brown, amazing musicians in the band.


and I loved Hamford to having that Dexter ambi dexterity because he liked great music, but he also liked to, to level his audience and take no prisoners. He, until they were rung out, he was not satisfied. So did, did any of your bebop friends end up seeing you in that band that night? Well, that particular night, he, he had his, this favorite thing he'd like to do. He'd have everybody, he'd get his drumsticks and start a whole line, almost like a conga line and the saxophone section would follow him around the audience. And he'd go around and beat the drumsticks on everybody's table. The trumpets and trombones were right behind, we're playing flying home. Then he'd go upstairs. I said, oh my god, Clifford Brown. and I said, if he goes upstairs, we may run into Charlie Parker and Bud Powell and all Mingus and all these great musicians.


And we Amp went upstairs and he's playing his drumsticks all over the awnings. And the guys are saying, what is going on here? He'd even go so far as to get in a taxi cab with the saxophone section and go to another club, maybe three blocks away and play with the saxophone section. A band back at the meanwhile, back at the ranch, we're still playing. So it was, it was quite an experience. He had no shame. And he was a great musician. One of the great times of my life. So, so, so, but did Parker see you in your Bermuda shorts? Oh yes. But, but on, on top of that, Parker would come next door, bird would come next door. He loved to read music and he was starring next door, like the 52nd Street, all stars of bebop, all stars.


And they were looking for him next door. It's time for him to play a set. And he's sitting over there in our band playing second tenor. 'cause he loved to read music. And he, he sitting for an hour while people are next door, waiting to hear him as this genius of the 20th century. And he is over there playing second tenor parts to, to practice his reading. 'cause all the musicians read music back then. So playing with the Hampton Band, did you get an appreciation of the value of like, show business in music? Or did you come to hate it and want something that threw that out the window? Kind of like Parker threw show business values, you know, Out the window? No, no, no, no. Because I, we were, we, we were, we weed and, and I mean, trained in, in, in Seattle.


That's the way we had to do it in Seattle too. We had to play Tishes. We had to play rhythm and blues. We had to play stripper music. We played, did comedy. I mean, the trombone player myself had a comedy team called Dexedrine and Zarine, major Pickford. And we used to do, we used to steal all of the comedy lines from the older guys. And we, we'd imitate and wear hats with wine bottles and our pockets and stuff. It was insane. But no, not at all. We were, we were used to that. We were used to that. He'd have gloves for the whole trumpet section. It would shine in the dark and you do kind of hand choreography and so forth. And people could forget, you know, that those bands back there were basically to the dance bands to just make people wanna feel good dancing.


And coincidentally great innovation crawled through that, that that platform like Charlie Parker and the Billy Epstein Band, the people in Miles Davis and so forth, dizzy Gillespie from Cab Callaway. But the, these, these monsters, major, major musicians happened to be in bands who were basically there for people to have a good time and dance. And it was about entertainment and I, I, it was ironic because the underlying attitude with all of the bebop musicians is that we have heard vinky now we've done this and we want to be pure artists. We don't want to entertain anymore. We don't wanna sing. We don't wanna have to dance or move or entertain an audience.


Well, you know, one of the things you say about the Lionel Hampton Band Bus, and this might have something to do with why Gladys Hampton wanted you off the bus, was that there were four different sections of, of guys on the bus. Why don't you describe how that broke down? Well, they had, they had a upfront with the Holy Rollers, I guess. And then they had the drinkers, you know, then they had the guys that indulged in Sweet Wheat and giggle grass. And they had the guys that were the hardcore, you know, like mainliners really? Which section did you sit in? The, the, the Sweet Wheat. We were very young then. And I, I was 18 and I went with that band.


And you'd bounce back between that of trying to figure out how to make that work with Morgan David Wine or, or Manche. It was ridiculous. Well, the first recording that you made was with a Lionel Hampton band. This was in 1952. It's also your first recorded composition and first recorded arrangement. It's called Kingfish. Why, why don't you say something about what you think of this musically Now, I, I look at the whole book and the whole life, I guess is, it's like somebody else. I don't know where I had the, the spirit or the sticktuitiveness to write something like that then.


Because, you know, number one, I wanted, I knew that music was my ticket out of this other life that I had, you know, of the thug life and dysfunctional family life. And it was, it was like a wonderland to arrange in the idea of orchestration and arrangements and composition and that, that to this day is what my core skill is as an arranger and orchestrator and composer was. I was just so happy to have a surrounding an environment where that respond that was encouraged all the time. Okay, so here it is, 1952 Quincy Jones with the Lionel Hampton Band Kingfish from the early 1950s.


That was Quincy Jones' first recording with the Lionel Hampton Orchestra. It's called Kingfish Terry, by the way. I think that's the first recorded solo I ever had on record. The first record I was ever involved with. and I think it's one of the only solos I have on record. Why didn't you solo more often? I don't know. I, I was getting more and more pulled into the quicksand of writing. And then about a year or so later after we begged him to get Gigi gr and Benny Olson and Clifford Brown in the band, sitting next to Art Farmer and Clifford Brown and Benny Bailey helped me get into writing quickly because they were, Clifford Brown was probably one of the greatest trumpet players that ever lived.


Unbelievable. We're listening to my 2001 interview with Quincy Jones. He died Sunday at the age of 91. We'll hear more of the interview after a break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air, Thankfully and gentlemen, this is Lionel speaking and welcome to our band Stand Here. And this tune we are playing now is called Broadway.


Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross host of the show. One Of the things I do is write the weekly newsletter, And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So Subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder, and CEO Ron Russon shares the experience they hope to create in their viewing rooms. We want our customers to feel like they've walked into a luxury hotel. That's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started. We take sleep very seriously. We believe that unlocks a superpower. If you get the right sleep on the right mattress, we believe we can provide that. To learn more, go to SA tva.com/npr.


If you listen on the regular to the Fresh Air podcast, then I know you'll love some of the other NPR podcasts too. Here's why NPR Plus is worth your time and money. You get perks like sponsor free listening, bonus episodes, early access shop discounts, and more for over 20 different NPR podcasts like this one, support what you love and stop hearing promos like this1@plus.npr.org. Okay, so does this sound like you, you love NPR R'S podcasts. You wish you could get more of all your favorite shows and you wanna support NPRs mission to create a more informed public. If all that sounds appealing, then it is time to sign up for the NPR plus bundle. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. We're remembering composer, arranger and producer Quincy Jones. He died Sunday at the age of 91. His work spanned from the big bands through bebop, pop movie, soundtracks, TV themes, and hip hop. He arranged or produced recordings for Sinatra, Ray Charles, Aretha Dyna Washington, and Ice Tea. And he produced the Michael Jackson albums Off the Wall, bad and Thriller. His music has been sampled in many hip hop recordings. And his 1962 recording Soul Bossanova was used as the theme for the Austin Powers films. His multimedia company produced the TV shows, the Fresh Prince of Bel Air in the House and Mad tv.


Now I gotta move to a 1962 recording. This is The Soul Bossanova, which became the theme for Austin Powers the movie. Yes, it did. Which just goes to show how this epitomizes a certain sixties sound. What was the occasion for writing this? Originally We had just come back from two state department tours with Dizzy Gillespie. The first was in the Middle East place of Pakistan right there, you know, AAN and Iran and Syria, Beirut. And we came back to the White House correspondence ball in Washington. They liked what we had done and so they'd sent us out to South America after that.


And naturally it was a black man's going to play all these kamikaze places. They'd have the c stoning, the embassy in Athens and they'd rushed us over from Anchorage, Turkey, get in there quick and almost like ground troops and send the black man over there. And so the same students that stoned the embassy were all down front in the front row and everything else. It was pretty scary really. 'cause she, we didn't know what the in, in that their conflict was all about really. And after the, the concert, the same students started crawling over the top of the stage and like straight towards the band. I said, this is it. Now we're in big trouble here. The same ones who were stoning embassy and, and they grabbed dizzy.


We had no idea what was on their mind. And they put him on their shoulders and they were walking around saying, DZ dz dz. I, I was so relieved, you know, because, because it was terrifying to watch them come towards the band, especially with the reputation they had in the papers the day before. And so we went down to getting back to Latin America. We went down to Argentina first and Buenos Aires. And after our first concert, we met a beautiful young musician named Lalo Shiffrin, who's a teenager then too. And he had told me all about, he'd studied with Olivia Messian. And that's where I first heard the name Nadia Boer.


And it just sent electricity through me. He also told, we, we also recorded down there with Ola, who was a, like a very experimental, they a composer working on what they call a modern city tango. And then he warned us about the new movement that was coming out of, of Brazil. And we were very excited about hearing this new music. It was Bossanova. And when we got to Brazil, dizzy played with a rhythm section, summer rhythm section at the Gloria Hotel one afternoon. And sitting in the front row with three teenagers, a married couple, Astrid and Joel Gilberto and Antonio Carlos Jo, who started a whole Boston Nova movement.


And ironically, the first record that came out in the United States was Dedo. And the melody on the first, just the fir openings train, was just almost pure dizzy gilespi. That's why they referred to it at that time as jazz and samba before they even called it anova. And so we came home all excited about this new music. They had moved to Klaw Beat, which is really like the foundation of, of Latin music straight up and down Latin America. It's, that's the foundation of Klaw Beat is the guiding force. And I wanted to record some of this stuff.


And so I, I made a thing called Big Band Bossanova and I wrote into about 20 minutes this 1962, a tune called Soul Bossanova. And we had Brazilian Rhythm section and everything else. and I guess 38 years passed. And so now Austin Powers is this huge star and he's stuck with this thing for, this is his theme forever, da da. And it's amazing 'cause they did two movies with a theme and he opened it with a marching band playing on the first, the first time. Now he wants me to be in the next film. So were were you flattered when, when you found out that Mike Myers wanted to use your soul Bossanova as the theme for Austin Powers?


Or did, did you think, oh, oh, now it's gonna be camp, now it's gonna be seen as camp? Well, It, it, no, it, it, it and it, it was camp. But you know, it, it doesn't matter though because you know, you are, it's a, a tune. Like that was, was a kind of a campy tune anyway, so I I I loved it, you know, I was was very happy that, that he found a whole new home for this, you know, in, in the, in the, in this generation. Well, let's hear your 1962 recording of Sol Bossanova, which later became the theme for Austin Powers Psychedelic Behave. He is so funny.


That's Quincy Jones 1962, recording of his composition. Soul Bossanova also known now as the theme for Austin Powers other music you were doing in the 1960s. You also had a a pop music career. One of your biggest successes was Leslie Gore. You, you produced her first big hit. It's my party and produced other records of hers as well. Tell us how you discovered Leslie Gore. Well, I, I got kind of, it was sort of a challenge really because I was, I had come back from Europe and I had lost a lot of money and I had to, to say Irving Green, the president of Mercury said, come over here as an a r man because she or an artist on Mercury, anyway, an artist and developed repertoire.


He hired me and I, then he promoted me to Vice president. And during that time I was recording all the divas and you know, Nina Simone and Sarah Vaughn and Charlie Horn, Donny Washington. And we were doing things with Robert Farn, big string, expensive dates and so forth. And they were beautiful music musical albums. But Irving said to me one time, he says, you know, all of the pop guys is saying you and Hal Mooney, who the arrangers of budget busters, because you do all this big music, but we, we need some more help with the bottom line with Hit, hit Records not. And I was a little presumptuous and said, well, I don't think it's such a big deal to make a pop hit.


He says, well, why don't you start making something then? And we were at a meeting at the Oxford House where we had our a and r meetings regularly in the, in Chicago. And he said, here's a tape that Joe Glazer sent me. And his friend, the fight manager, somebody has a niece that sang something. Just say, you listen to it and we'll send it back. You know, I grabbed it and I said, I thought said, I'd like to try this because she had a beau Great sound as of a, a, a rock singer in those days. She could sing really in tune. She was 16 years old. And we went back to New York and talked to Joe Glazer and he said, make her a star. And you know, all of that Hollywood stuff. And we went in on a Saturday and we recorded two songs.


It's My Party and with the Beast side written by Paul Lanker, young Paul Lanker, called Danny. And on the way to Carnegie Hall, I saw Phil Spector. Phil Spector said, I just cut a smash man with, with the crystals called it's my party. I said, what? I had never experienced that kind of competition before and went back to the studio with the engineer and we mastered 100 acetates to send out to radio and the rest, you know, it didn't, I had to go to to Japan right after that. and I told Leslie, we've got the great record and everything, all we need to do is fix that name because I don't think this name's gonna work with a, with a pop record. You know.


So You you didn't like the name Gore? No, I, I didn't like it. I, I won't tell Al Gore about that And tip around. And so I went to Japan to do a television show and, and we're doing a little acting and scoring it. And so I got a call from Irving Green later and he said, did anybody call you yet? I said, no. I said, did she get that name together yet? She come up with any suggestions. And She said the record's, number one, do you really care? I said, no. Well, what it sounds sounds just fine. It's amazing. It's a big lesson. Whatever happened to the Crystals recording of it's my party that Phil Specter was Producing. I don't think it, I don't think it came out, I don't think it came out Leslie's thing was had such impact and I don't know.


I may be wrong, but I I don't think it came out Well. I thought I'd play You Don't Own Me. That's the Leslie Gore track that's featured on your four CD box set. I also think it's, it's just a particularly good recording and also a kind of protofeminist anthem And very, a long time ago too. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. With a lot of strings though, you were talking about how you were using strings with jazz singers you were working with I know this is Klaus Oman's arrangement. Exactly. Exactly. Not yours. But still it's, he's wonderful, very string oriented arrangement. He's an amazing musician. Okay, well this is You Don't Own Me, produced by my guest Quincy Jones sung by Leslie Gore.


You don't me, I'm not just one of your many toys. You don't me don't say I can't go with other And tell me what to do. Tell me what to say. and I, You don't me, don't try to change me.


You don't, Me Don't, I don't tell you what To and I love and I Love Live.


That's Leslie Gore. A recording produced by Quincy Jones in 1963 we're Remembering Quincy Jones On today's show, He died Sunday at the age of 91. We'll hear more of my 2001 interview with him after a short break. This is Fresh Air.


Election day is over. While we're starting to get some answers, there are still some things we're finding out. Make sure you're in the know by checking in with us on the NPR News Now podcast in just five minutes every hour we'll give you quick election updates with the latest results. We are the NPR News Now podcast. Stay with us.


Hey, it's Aisha Harris from Pop Culture Happy hour. If you love NPR podcasts, you'll want the new NPR Plus podcast bundle. Enjoy an all you can eat selection of NPR Plus podcast with sponsor free listening and bonus episodes. Plus you'll be supporting public radio. Check it out@plus.npr.org.


We finally made it election week. It's what this whole never ending election cycle has been building up to. And what happens now will dictate the future of the country. Keep up with election news when it matters most with NPRs. Consider this podcast all this week. We are taking major stories from the election to help you make sense of them and what they mean for you in under 15 minutes. Listen now to the consider this podcast from NPR.


This is Fresh Air. We're Remembering Quincy Jones. He died Sunday. Let's get back to the interview we recorded in 2001. Let's talk about your childhood. Your early years was spent on the south side of Chicago. Your father was a carpenter. And you say that he worked for the guys who ran the, the rackets in the south side. How did he end up being their carpenter? Well, you know, that was the T Chicago during the Depression in the ghetto. Nobody asked any questions. You know, Chicago also was the spawning ground of every of probably the headquarters, headquarters spawning ground of every gangster in America, black or white, you know, Roger Tooey, Dillinger Capone, everybody.


So the Jones Boys were just, they were the first, one of the first black gangsters. They started the policy rackets and they, they also had a five and dime store chain, the Jones five and Dime, which they used to call the, the Vs and Xs. So something to make a trip over to the Vs. Nexus today. So these were the Jones boys your father worked for This isn't the Quincy Jones family you're talking about? No, no, no, no, no. Right. They were, they they were, they were the, the, the, the gangsters in, in the, in the back in the day. Your mother was a Christian scientist. Did she bring you up in your early years as a Christian scientist? I think so. I, if I can remember, she went to Boston University probably in the twenties, which was very unusual, you know, for African American female in those days.


And she, very smart lady, she spoke and wrote like 12 languages to the Hebrew, everything. And she's the type a hundred words a minute. And so she was like the kind of the administrator, superintendent of one of the places we lived in like the Rosenwald before we got into a house. Your mother was later diagnosed as schizophrenic and she was institutionalized for a while. What were her, some of her problems at home before she was actually diagnosed? Problems that you found disturbing? Well, it's dementia Preco, which is schizophrenia. She was obsessed with religion.


She would stare out of the window and she would sing spiritual. She'd play spiritual. So, and which just era at times. and I, I remember when I was about five years old, she, my birthday party, she threw my coconut cake out in the back, off the back porch. And it was really a big deal to me. Then I don't, I don't know why I remember that so much, but it was really something I couldn't understand. 'cause the, the cake was supposed to be like the symbol or the metaphor for the joy of the birthday party. And she threw it out and it just really shocked me. And it was a very traumatic moment. and I know it sounds like it's nothing. No, it doesn't sound like it's nothing At, at five years old.


It's, it, it freaked me out. And I realized my brother and I both realized something was wrong. I mean, every day we realized something was wrong because it was just, it just wasn't like other people's parents, even the bad parents. It wasn't the same as that was. Right. Because she was very smart. And so finally, she, she was committed. and I, I didn't know or kind of blanked out what the process was until I went back there like 50 years later when I did listen up, all of it came back and I, guess that's the part of the book that was cathartic. There were missing pieces in my memory. And it it got clarified right After she was committed, she escaped from the hospital three times.


And then when she was released from the hospital, you say she followed you around from town to town for the rest of your life. And sometimes showing up at the oddest times. Apparently, I, I guess you needed more of distance from her than she wanted. Oh, absolutely. Well, we had a very hard time communicating. We couldn't have a conversation without it being turning into a big argument. And I didn't know we, I guess Lloyd and I both were so hungry for mothers. Was your brother, Where was your brother? Lolar was my brother. Yeah. My younger brother. We were so hungry for the, the mother stuff and just to be patted on the back of her head or something that we, we just never could communicate.


We didn't know how to connect, you know, at that time, I guess you need validation and, and guidance and love and nurturing and those words that weren't around in the ghetto. And, and during the depression, nurturing never came up very often. Oh, right. Like, it's like cholesterol, please. Cholesterol sounds like something to drink, you know. Well, one of the strangest places your mother showed up, one of the most surprising times was at Birdland when you were performing. Tell us what happened. Oh my God, I couldn't believe it. That was the first time I ever played Bird there with my own band. and I was really proud because I'd seen all my idols there.


Charlie Parker and Dizzy Duke Bassy, everybody. And lo and behold, here come, I see her at the, you know, it's a huge entrance there with the, that comes downstairs and the, the regular host there was named Peewee Marquette, who's a character. He had four watches on and about three coats of powder on his face and a couple of jackets on and a vest and everything else. A real character with a lot of attitude. And you'd see like parting of the crowd, you know, as he's walking through. 'cause he was so short. And he'd walk through and She said, no, come on later. You know, you can't come in. And She said, shut up. You know, if you didn't drink so much, you wouldn't be so sharp. And she had a tongue, like a laser beam.


She turned the place out for about an hour. You knew she was down there and she took no nothing from anybody. No. I was reading the obituary for your mother. She died in 1999 at the age of 94. And one of the things that mentioned about her was that she was a, a master typist and that she once typed the New Testament as a gift to her children. Yes, she did. Do you remember getting that as a gift? Absolutely. and I, I said to her, I said, this is, I'm very touched, you know, but you know, you can buy this for like $3 or four or something like that. And she, you know, but she meant it, she meant it as something, as something that she was really trying to give. And, and more and more Lord started to realize, you know, that, that the things that she did, she couldn't help it.


And, and the final analysis, she probably went through more hell than anybody, all of us combined because it, having kids, I know how that must have felt regardless of how difficult she made it for herself and for us. We didn't know how to be children. She didn't know how to be a mother. And it was, it was, it was very painful. We're listening to my 2001 interview with Quincy Jones. We'll hear more of it after a break. This is Fresh Air Once again, we find ourselves in an unprecedented election. And with all that's happening in the lead up to the big day, a weekly podcast just won't cut it.


Get a better grasp of where we stand as a nation. Every weekday on the NPR Politics podcast, here are seasoned reporters dig into the issues that are shaping voters' decisions and understand how the latest updates play into the bigger picture. The NPR Politics podcast. Listen on Spotify As election day approaches, NPRs consider this podcast is zooming in on six states that could determine who wins the White House, Georgia, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Arizona, and Pennsylvania. We'll ask voters in these swing states what matters to them and which way they want the country to go. Follow along with new episodes this week on the Consider this podcast from NPR.


This is Fresh Air. We're remembering composer, arranger and producer Quincy Jones. He died Sunday at the age of 91. Here's the final part of my interview with him, which we recorded in 2001. I wanna get back to your music and to get to the most colossal success that you had. And that was the album Thriller with Michael Jackson. You, you first met him in 1972 at Sammy Davis's house. You worked together on The Wiz. What was his or or yours or, you know, the, the, the both of yours original concept for Thriller? Well, it, it starts before that. It starts during the movie, you know, of of when we first met.


I, after initially at 12 years old, it, he was about 19, about 77 or so. And he came over to the house and that's the first time we really met on a professional basis. And he was growing up then, and he said, pleased to meet you, et cetera. And it was very sweet and said, I'm doing a a, we have a new contract with Epic Records and Jackson, the Jackson five, I'm still working with them, but I'm to do a solo album. and I was wondering if you could help me find a producer. I said, great, Michael. But right now we've got a mammoth job here to, to prerecord all the songs with you and Nipsey Russell, Richard Pry, Lena Horne and Diner Ross and everybody else to prerecord the songs before you make a film.


That's just the nature of what films are about. You prerecord the voice, everything, and you have to really guess right about the dramatic context of how a song starts and stops, how long it is, because it's all gonna be film and that's what the film's gonna be. It's, it's a slave to that track, so you really have to concentrate. And so I said, if you be patient, just wait until we get through this, this, maybe we can talk about the producer. So we finished the prerecord, we start getting, preparing for the film. Sidney Lumette is at the George St. George Hotel in Brooklyn one day. And he's, he's blocking out a scene with the four principles. And Mike was the scarecrow and he had pulled out of his straw chest.


He'd pull out little quotes and yada Confucius da da Aristotle, da da. So Crate and he, he kept saying So Crate. And about the third day, I just took him aside and said, Michael, the, the word is Socrates. And he said, really? And he was really surprised, you know, because he's been a star since he's five, you know, so he is been on the road since then. He's like an old man in one sense, like a baby in another sense. And there was something about the look in his eye, and I'd been watching him, the discipline he had, he'd get up at five in the morning for his makeup test and everything else.


Very, very conscientious and disciplined young person. I mean, one of the most I'd ever seen. He knew everybody's lines, everybody's song, everybody's lyrics, everybody's dance steps, everybody's movement, everything. And the most amazing absorbing and involved for a person I'd ever artist I'd ever seen before. and I love the records they made on, on Motown, you know, the, the, the bubble gun things, you know, dance machine, those things. But after seeing this other side of him, I felt it. There was much more inside of Michael that hadn't been touched. Because you look at Michael at first you say there's nothing else to do with him. He is done everything. And he did it at nine. You know, he is singing love song to a rat, you know, then, and, and everything.


He, and he was fearless and sincere about it. He had, he had a very strong sense of maturity. What was your approach to producing Thriller? What, what did you think of as your major contributions to the sound of that record? Because Thriller was a combination of all my experience as an orchestrator and picking the songs and Michael's, all the talents he has as a dancer, as a singer, as a, as an amazing entertainer. It was like us throwing everything. We accumulated experience, putting it all together. Well, let's hear Billie Jean. I really regret we're out of time. I wish we could talk some more. I wanna thank you so much for talking with us.


It's a pleasure, Terry. My interview with Quincy Jones was recorded in 2001. He died Sunday at the age of 91. Tomorrow on Fresh Air, our guest will be Oscar nominee Cher Ronan. She has two new films in theaters, the Outrun about a young alcoholic trying to get sober and blitz about a mother in London during the World War II German bombardment, trying to find her lost son. Her other films include Little Women, lady Bird, Brooklyn, and Atonement. I hope you'll join us. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller. Roberta Schrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross.


She was more like Beauty queen from a movie. She said, who would dance name as she calls Heavy hit and I Dream, be the one Who would dance on the floor Big.


Don't go around and I love.


If you need a moment to catch your breath and calm your nerves, listen to the latest all songs considered from NPR music. We've got an all new mix of songs to slow the blood and recalibrate your day. Plus reflections on gratitude, joy, and the power of kindness. Listen to new episodes of all songs Considered every Tuesday, wherever you get podcasts.


Well, we finally made it election week. That is what this whole never ending election cycle has been building up to. And what happens now will determine the future of our country. You can keep up with election news when it matters most with the NPR Politics Podcast. All this week, we're taking the latest stories from the campaign trail, swing states, and polling places to help you make sense of them and what they mean for you. Listen now to the NPR Politics podcast. Every weekday NPR r's best political reporters come to you on the NPR Politics podcast to explain the big news coming out of Washington, the campaign trail and beyond. We don't just wanna tell you what happened, we tell you why it matters. Join the NPR Politics podcast every single afternoon to understand the world through political eyes.