
This message comes from NPR sponsor Hulu, presenting the new documentary Diane von Furstenberg, woman in charge that tells the story of the iconic Trailblazer, founder of a fashion brand and philanthropist. Diane Von Furstenberg, woman in charge is now streaming on Hulu.


This episode is brought to you by Synchrony Bank. There's talking about saving and there's doing it. Synchrony Bank empowers you to tackle your savings goals with a newsworthy 4.75% a PY on their high yield savings account. Enjoy flexible access to your money and knowing it's earning a great rate with no monthly fees or minimums. It's never been easier to take control of your financial future. Go to synchrony bank.com/npr. Member FDIC


This is Fresh Air. I'm TV critic David Bian Cooley. Today we're starting off by remembering Martin Mull, the comedian, musician, actor, and artist who died last Thursday at age 80. We'll feature portions of an interview between Mo and Terry Gross from 1995 and will begin with this appreciation. Martin Mull was born in Chicago in 1943 and grew up in Ohio and Connecticut In college, he earned bachelor's and master's degrees in fine art and painted throughout his life. But Martin Mull became famous as a musician, comedian, and actor. Martin Mull played electric and acoustic guitar singing his own compositions in his signature sardonic style songs such as this.


Don't pull it off till tomorrow, what you Can Do. Don't leave things half finished. Thank you very much. That's all I done on that. I should probably finish it up. He seemed to like it. Over years, first time Mo released several comedy albums with music and served as the opening act for more successful musicians who loved his sense of humor from Bruce Springsteen and Billy Joel to Randy Newman and Frank Zappa and TV talk show hosts loved him too.


He was both a guest and a guest host on Johnny Carson's Tonight Show, and also appeared on talk shows hosted by David Letterman, Conan O'Brien and Craig Ferguson. That's partly because before any of them, but Carson was presiding over and deconstructing the talk show format. Martin Mull was doing the same thing brilliantly in the late 1970s. MA's first job on television as an actor was on Norman Lear's groundbreaking parody of a daytime soap opera. It was a syndicated series called Mary Hartman Mary Hartman set In the mythical town of Fernwood, Ohio, ma played a physically abusive husband named Garth Gimbal, a despicable misogynist character who met a well-deserved but untimely death.


He was accidentally impaled on an aluminum Christmas tree, so Garth Gimbal was dead. But Lear so loved Martin Mull as a performer that he built an entirely new series around him. It was a spinoff called Fernwood Tonight, a parody of a local TV talk show. Mu played smarmy talk show host Barth Gimbal, the twin brother of Garth Barth's second Banana, the hilariously clueless Jerry Hubbard was played by the great Fred Willard. The two did a lot of improv making Fernwood Tonight a precursor to such shows as Curb Your Enthusiasm and in Making fun of the Backstage as well as onstage elements of the talk show format Mole series predated by an entire generation, the brilliance of Gary Shandling on the Larry Sanders Show.


In addition, Fernwood Tonight was mining comedy from a lot more than just a TV show. Everything seemed to be fair game. Even such subsequently iffy concepts as poking fun at small town insulation and prejudice by having Barth and his sidekick Jerry open the phone lines so their viewers could ask questions of a very rare visitor to Fernwood. Hello? Talk to a junior on the air. Is this the Jew? No, No, no, no. No way. No, no. Now this is Barth gimble. The Jew is sitting beside me to my right. Would you like to talk to him? No, it's okay. I'll talk to you and you can give him this message.


Gladly. I'd like to know when Barbara Streisand's next movie will be out. Okay. I You heard that over the speaker? Yes. Okay. You can go right ahead. Well, I don't know, but I, I'd like to see it myself though. I, I think she's very good. You must Be very proud of her. Yes. Yes, I am. Okay. Oh, okay. Thank You. You're welcome. Dear. This is, boy, this is popular. Hello. Talk to a Jew. You're on the air. I'd like to know why Mr. Rose isn't wearing the beanie. You read the question. It's about the alleged beanie, whatever She's referring. Well, I think the call is referring to the yaku that's usually worn on the head by very religious Jews or when you are, when we're in the synagogue, And it's when you're in the synagogue that you were the ones without the propeller.


Jerry Fernwood tonight wasn't a hit, but it was a cult sensation. A year later, Norman Lear altered the setting and upgraded the premise to a national talk show called America Tonight, Carol Burnett, Burt Lancaster and Charlton Heston eagerly came aboard. And by the time America tonight was over in 1978, Mo's career was launched. He appeared as himself in the 1980s revival specials by the Smothers Brothers hired, not in spite of his push the envelope comic approach, but because of it. Good evening. The fact that you have chosen to watch the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour this evening is proven enough for me that you are among the best and brightest of the American people.


You demand the truth and why shouldn't you openness? Frankness and candor have always flourished on the Smothers Brothers stage. It is in that spirit that I now say to you what I must, it's time to lay to rest this entire brothers business. They are not brothers. It has all just been a big why and a and elaborate masquerade, if you will, and why? Well, quite simply because 30 years ago, people took a pretty dim view of two grown men living together, sharing a common lifestyle, dressing alike, and singing children's songs. That was then, thank God Now Is Now, and we have finally come to see that the true measure of a man is not what he does behind closed doors, but rather what he says he was doing.


Join me then, won't you? In accepting and enjoying Mr. Dick Smothers and his lovely wife Tommy, From that point on, Martin Mull made a career out of being hired for TV shows and movies by comics writers and directors who treasured his particularly dry and offbeat sense of humor. Gary Sling had him on Larry Sanders. Roseanne Barr hired him for several seasons of her hit, a, b, c sitcom. Roseanne playing her boss who was gay and whose partner was played by none of it than Fred Willard on film. Mu worked opposite Robin Williams in Mrs. Doubtfire and Michael Keaton in Mr.


Mom and Co-starred in the comic version of Clue Ellen De DeGeneres and Bonnie Hunt hired him for their sitcoms. So did Julia Louie Dreyfuss for Veep, in which her White House occupant Selena Meyer consulted a foul mouth veteran, political operative named Bob to advise her and her staff Bob for several episodes was played by Martin Mull. Bob, What Do you think? Are we gonna win this thing, Bob? I mean, really honestly, your your true gut. Well, Madam President, I've got Big S, but neither one of them are Crystal. Oh, darn it. It just reminds me of something that Dick Nixon used to say to Henry Kissinger back when that tricky son of a was trying to get us out of that messy business called Vietnam.


Vietnam. Right. He would say, Henry, I can lead a horse to water, but I can't milk it. The milk is, I know. I don't even know what that means. I love It. I'm, I'm, that was in 2016 when even on the looser standards of HBO Martin Mull could swing for the comic fences, which he had done for his entire career back in 1995. The gay characters played by Mu and Willard were married on Roseanne nearly 20 years before Modern Family, another a BC sitcom, married its gay couple Cam and Mitch to great fanfare. Also, back in 1995, Martin Mull released a book called Martin Mull Paintings, drawings and Words, and had a solo exhibition at the Cleveland Center for Contemporary Art.


That's when Terry spoke with Martin Mull. You've said that to say that Art school changed my life would be a vast understatement. It created it. How did art school change your life? Well, gee, let's see. I'm, I'm, I'm sure that's probably more literate than it need be, but I, I actually do feel very much that way. I grew up in northern Ohio in a, a very small little agrarian community and was wearing, you know, jeans and muddy boots to school. And then I moved to Connecticut for two years and every, all of a sudden everyone was in a Mercedes and in a crew neck sweater that caused more than my father made a year and then finally went to art school again, and all of a sudden everyone was back in jeans and muddy boots.


And I thought, well, that's more like it. And I realized that I could be an adult in that world. And the kind of questions that had kind of kept me an outsider prior to that were now not only acceptable, but necessary. And it seemed like I, I I actually blossomed at the time. I felt like I became alive then. So is there any connection to be made between your paintings and your comic persona? Well, I would have to say that my comic persona paid for almost all of the paint used in the making of these works. And if that sounds like a a flip answer, it's actually more true than you might imagine.


So you Weren't making money selling paintings? No, not for a long time. And initially my forays into show business were simply to fund my art. That while I was in college during the folk music scare of the sixties, when that stuff almost caught on, I, like everyone else was playing guitar. And once I got my master's degree, realized there was nothing, but there was no doctorate, there was nothing but earning a decent living and facing the Vietnam draft at that point, I had to figure out something to do with myself. So I started playing music full time. That led to singing where I'm a dreadful singer. So that led to talking a lot and, and all of this has been kind of a comedy of errors and a series of delightful accidents that I've been able to put a roof over my family doing what I do.


So how did you go about fashioning a persona for yourself? Well, part of the, my performance persona I think was fashioned after other performers and especially other performers who seemed to be up the creek without a paddle. The ones that were a totally at a loss. By that I would mean like very, very local radio or television personalities. Hence when I did Fernwood Tonight, the host of that show wa was one of these people who is an over an under equipped overachieving performer. That that was the kind of persona I wanted to go for.


Over equipped underachieving? Yes. What Do you mean? No, no, you have it just the opposite. It was under equipped and overachieving. Oh, Somebody who's getting by on very little talent, Very someone squeezing by on very little talent and trying to make the most of it. And gee, that may be close to the truth. And you also developed this kind of like smug, oily public, you know, persona in some of your performances. Well, That would, that would come hand in glove to what I just said, the, the underequipped, but overachieving and, and refusing to just undaunted in, in his ability to ever admit to his failures. And there's also the sense of, in, in some of the performances, that really square person who thinks he's really hip Exactly.


Or, or, or that he's not only hip, but but a major success even when he's not. I, I recall once there was a concert when, put it this way, crowd Control was not one of our problems, Right? Where I think there were only about eight or 10 people in the audience that would've held about 25,000 or something. And my persona on stage, I immediately said something to the audience about how, how grateful I was that we did this by invite only and I certainly didn't want the rest of that riffraff here. And I'm glad you all could show up and, and it, it's sort of like taking that, making a virtue of your vice. Let's return to Terry's 1995 interview with actor Comic and Painter Martin Mull who died last week at age 80.


His first acting job was playing a despicable abusive husband on Norman Lear's 1970s syndicated series. Mary Hartman Mary Hartman, which poked fun at soap operas like Peyton Place. Terry asked him how he got that job. I had gone out to California on the heels of a divorce with a couple of guitars and a suitcase, and had been been a big fan of Mary Hartman and went to see Norman Lear's organization about the possibility of writing for them. 'cause I had at that point fancied myself capable of doing that and was told that there were no openings and forget it. But I did meet Norman and then six months later, the part of Garth Gimbal, the wife abuser came up and they asked me to come in and read for it.


And lo and behold, I got the part. And it was, it was somewhat terrifying in that the reason I wanted to be connected with the show was I thought it was absolutely hilarious and that what work I had done as a comedian on stage might might stand me in fairly good stead to at least cut my teeth as an actor doing something funny. Unfortunately, the role I got of a wife abuser, I personally as I sit here right now and, and at the time as well, find nothing whatsoever amusing about wife abuse. So it was really learning to act a little bit by being thrown in the icy waters. So how did you get around this? I looked desperately for anything to try to take the focus off that which I was, and that which I was doing.


There was one scene, in fact when I actually even had to, for the, at least the camera had to, to think that I had actually struck this woman. And it was around a Christmas time and I grabbed for a little like paper mache, frosty the snowman to use as a weapon or anything like that to try to take the onus off it and the sting off it. But I recall at the end of that scene being in a state where I actually had to just go for a very, very long walk. It was, it was horrible. F Friend Wood tonight was I think one of the early examples of television mocking itself had its lowest well of TV mocking its own its own programs, the cheesy small town amateur version of the Tonight Show.


Exactly. And why, why don't you describe your, your character as the host. His name was Barth Gimbal, and he would wear lime colored sharkskin suits and, and atrocious shirts, Hawaiian shirts, bleached his hair, trimmed his mustache down like Donna Mechi. And basically came thought as far as he was concerned that he was God's gift to the airwaves. And my co-host was Fred Willard, who was probably one of the best improvisational minds of our or any generation. And between the two of us, we basically set television back a quantum leap. Well, after, you know, mocking TV on a friend with tonight and Mary Hartman and everything, you ended up where you are now on Roseanne, you know, one of the top rated shows for, for years, the top rated show playing Leon, who you got hired to be her boss.


Right. How did you get on Roseanne? Well, at that time, Roseanne and Tom Arnold, who was her husband, lived a few doors away. I had known Rosie for a couple of years prior to that. We had done some local talk shows and were just kind of friendly as we met each other on the street kind of thing. He mentioned that there was a possibility, would Roseanne like, like would I like to come out and play Roseanne's boss? And since at that point I was not on a series and it was the number one show on television, that was probably one of the dumbest questions that has ever been asked me. You know, I just was basically when, where, how much I'm there. So I took the job without even another thought. He then mentioned that there was going to be something unique about my character in this case that I was gay and I am not in real life.


But I, I thought a bit about this and my real concern, however, was that people from the gay community might feel very short shrifted because, you know, there are so many capable actors that could have played the part and here they go and get a straight guy to play this and that. I could take a lot of heat and a lot of flack for that. But on the contrary, we've actually won awards for the portrayal of, of Leon Karp. And so I feel very good about that. No, I, I wanna go back to 1980, which I think is the year that you were diagnosed with terminal cancer. Yeah, I guess they were wrong. Yeah, they were. And the Marcus Welby Award for bedside Manor ha has to go to this bozo from UCLA who called me up and gave me two years to live over the phone.


Oh no. Which right there it occurred to me could be cause of death. Wow. You know, phone call cause of death. That's what the autopsy would have to list. I mean, you get this kind of news over the phone, I don't know. And they were all set to inject me with some sort of cow bacillus, something that, you know, Elsie Borden is running around without in her limbs and you know, the kind of spots they have on their skin. So it turned out that actually my dermatologist had gotten all of it, but it was at that, at that point, diagnosed as terminal melanoma. And needless to say, gave me great pause. It also tended to shift my gears rather dramatically in terms of where I was gonna focus my energies.


So how did you change gears after you were given this prognosis? Well, painting became the most important thing in my life at that point. And Why? Because I realized it was probably the truest thing to me that it was, it was the area where I wanted to do the most work. I also shifted my, my, my marital situation changed. I, I shortly thereafter remarried my wife Wendy, whom I have a lovely 9-year-old daughter and just kind of got my ducks in a row and, and put my values where I think they should be. Now, have you over the years showed the people who you worked with in show business your paintings?


And I could think of a couple of reasons why. One is so that they could be very impressed with your work. Another is that, so they could just learn more about you and still a third is some people in show business are very wealthy and maybe they'd buy some, Well, number three would, I would reverse the order. The nice thing about some of the, the people in show businesses, they are kind of depression proof. They do have this kind of slush fund that allows for the, the buying of art. Steve Martin, whom I mentioned earlier, is a dear old friend and also one of the preeminent collectors of contemporary art in this country. Today has been more than kind toward me. I think over the years he's purchased about 19 of my works.


So I'm very honored about that. And Norman Leer as well, has purchased some works. They've been very, very kind and very supportive. That's great. Well, Martin Mull, I wanna thank you a lot for talking with us. My pleasure. Thank you. Martin Mo speaking with Terry Gross in 1995. He died last week at age 80. After a break, we'll remember screenwriter Robert Towne whose classic screenplays included Chinatown shampoo in the last detail. He died last week at age 89 and film critic Justin Chang reviews the new horror movie Prequel. A Quiet Place, Day One. Here's Martin Mull performing the time of my life, a song from the 2018 film, A futile and Stupid Gesture.


I'm David Bean Cooley and This is Fresh Air. If I woke up to find that, it's all been a joke and I was deaf, dumb, and blind, and homeless and broke, I hope I've learned not to be too concerned. It isn't as if I died, but let's say I had, would that be all that bad? Hey, I've had a hell of a right. I've had the time of my life. It's all been milk and honey


Support for this NPR podcast. And the following message come from Carvana, the convenient way to buy a car online. Carvana has finance options, so you can customize your terms down to the penny or explore different down and monthly payment options. Get pre-qualified for an auto loan in under two minutes at Carvana dot com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Saatva, who reminds you it's decision time in America. Time to decide if you want to continue sleeping on a worn out mattress, or if you want a better night's sleep. Saatva crafts mattresses to lull you to sleep and to keep you sleeping soundly. And they cost a fraction of the price of retail. Visit SA tva.com/npr to save $200 on orders of a thousand dollars or more.


There's a new way to support this show and public media. Please consider signing up for the NPR Plus podcast bundle. NPR plus listeners get to unlock sponsor free shows and bonus episodes. You can find out more at plus dot NPR dot org and thanks. NPR plus is a new way to support public media and get more from your favorite NPR podcasts like Fresh, Air. Sometimes I'll actually preface the question with if it makes you too uncomfortable to talk about, if it's too personal, just tell me. Here's the question For behind the scenes content bonus episodes and more, sign up@plus.npr.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bean Cooley, professor of television studies at Rowan University. We're going to remember screenwriter Robert Towne who died last week at the age of 89 in the 1970s, a great decade for movies. He established himself as one of Hollywood's best screenwriters film critic. Pauline Kale described him as a flaky classist with an ear for unaffected dialogue and a gift for never forcing a point. Town won an Academy Award for his screenplay for Chinatown, a story of murder, corruption, family scandals, and a scheme to control the drought stricken water supply of Los Angeles.


Jack Nicholson starred as Jake, a private investigator with John Houston, as Noah Cross a millionaire in on the water scheme and more. Here's a scene Gonna be a lot of irate citizens when they find out that they're paying for water that they're not gonna get, Oh, that's all taken care of. See Mr. Gipps easier. You bring the water to LA or you bring LA to the water. How are you gonna do that? By incorporating the value of the city. Simple as that. How much you worth? I have no idea. How much do you want? I just want to know what you're worth. Over 10 million. Oh my, yes. Why are you doing it?


How much better can you eat? What can you buy that you can't already afford The future? Mr. Git, the Future Town also was nominated for his screenplay for the film. The last Detail, again, starring Jack Nicholson and for the film shampoo, which starred Warren Beatty as a hairdresser who can't stay faithful to any one woman in this scene. His girlfriend played by Goldie Hawn has found another woman's ear ring in his apartment. She confronts him about his infidelities. That's why I went to beauty school. I mean, they're always there and I can't, I, I just, I I, you know, I I I don't know what I'm apologizing for. So sometimes I I I go into that shop and they're so great looking, you know, and I, and I, I'm doing their hair and they feel great and they smell great.


Or I could be out on the street, you know, and I could just stop at a stoplight or go into an elevator or I, there's a beautiful girl. I, I, I don't know. I mean, that's it, it makes my day. I mean, it makes me feel like I'm gonna live forever. And as far as I'm concerned with what I'd like to have done at this point in my life, I, I, I know I should have accomplished more, but I got no regrets. I mean, Jesus. 'cause I, I, I mean, I, I, Ah, Maybe that means I don't love him. Maybe it means I don't love you. I don't know. Nobody's gonna tell me I don't like him very much.


In addition to writing his own screenplays, town was brought in as a script doctor for Bonnie and Clyde and The Godfather. We'll hear later about the scene in The Godfather that he wrote in 1982. He wrote and directed the film personal Best about a lesbian relationship between two athletes competing for the Olympics. And when Terry Gross talked to him in 1988, he had just written and directed the thriller Tequila Sunrise. She asked him about writing Chinatown. As a screenwriter and director, you have to work with silences in movies. And, and I think you've used silence very effectively, both as a screenwriter and director in Chinatown, for instance. There are are scenes where, where Nicholson is trailing, for instance, Faye Dunaway.


And I mean, there isn't any dialogue in that, but it's very gripping. And you had to imagine that in your mind, in personal best, there are sequences where there really isn't a lot of dialogue at all. It's very visual, it's very, it's interactive between the two characters. Does silence have a different meaning when you're writing and when you're directing? And is it frustrating as a writer to write silences in? No, it's, I think that, that so much of screenwriting is what I guess you would call if you were an architect negative space in screenwriting. What you don't say is at least as important as what you do say. I don't find it frustrating at all. I find it demanding.


It's a discipline to try to imagine exactly how much you don't want said. And one of the benefits, of course, of directing is that you can control that. It is a difficult thing to control. You can put it on the page, but you can't really control how it's gonna be implemented, which of course is a reason for directing yourself. You wrote the screenplay for Chinatown. Roman Polanski directed it. Polanski played a small role in the film. He played the part of, of a henchman who's hired to intimidate Nicholson to get off the case. And what Polanski does is take out a pocket knife, stick it into Nicholson's nose, and basically slit his nostril open.


Whose idea was it to cast Polanski in the role? Was it yours or his? I think that was Roman's idea. The, the line that you gave him to say was No, it happens to nosy fellows. They lose their noses. Why did you wanna cut the nose? It seems like such an interesting, really offbeat way of hurting somebody. Well, I, I, again, I was looking for a way to do something that I felt would appeal to your imagination in terms of, of just a tiny little violent act that, that was scary. I, I really didn't want to go into the, the, the kinds of violence that had been rife throughout films at that time.


I wanted to have a minimal amount of violence, but I wanted to suggest that it was nevertheless a very violent world out there. So I thought of something that I would really hate to have happen to me, and it was that, and it seemed appropriate for a detective anyway, a detective who is, you know, like a hound is, you know, sniffing out the trail of some kind of criminal or villain. It just seemed like the perfect thing to, to do. What was very subversive about it was that it meant that Jack Nicholson, the leading man, had a bandage on his nose for half the movie. And even when he took the bandage off, he had a big cut and stitches on his nose. Well, Once again, in most movies, you can see people fight in a way that would have crushed skulls created probably, you know, quadriplegics on with both combatants.


And they emerge unscathed from the battle and continue to go out throughout the film with a bruise here or there, which disappears in the next scene. Well, in fact, that doesn't happen. I mean, if somebody gets hurt, it hurts. Just a tiny little slit in your nose can really smart and it can affect the way you look and feel for weeks. And in this case, for the rest of the movie, it was just an attempt to, to just like Chinatown was an attempt to deal with a real crime that, you know, involved something as seemingly prosaic as land and water. That little act of violence was an attempt to suggest that, that you can really hurt people by doing almost nothing at all.


Just a tiny little slit of their nose. I wanna ask you a little bit about writing a climactic scene, A scene in which there's really a turning point in the story or in the character development in Chinatown. The real turning point scene, or at least one of them, is when Faye Dunaway reveals that the woman whose identity she's been hiding is really her daughter as a result of an incestuous relationship. Her father had the Faye Dunaway father had raped her when, when she was 15. And I wanna just play a clip from this scene and then ask her a little bit about the considerations in, in writing this kind of climax. I, I don't know what you were talking about. This is the craziest, the most insane thing.


Stop it. I'm gonna make it easy for you. You were jealous. You had a fight. He fell, he hit his head. It was an accident, but his girl is a witness, so you had to shut her up. You don't have the guts to harm her, but you got the money to keep her mouth shut. Yes or no? No. Who is she? And don't give you that crap about your sister because you don't have a sister. I'll tell you, I'll tell you the truth. Good. What's her name? Catherine. Catherine who? She's my daughter. I said, I want the truth.


She's my sister, she's my daughter, my sister, my daughter. I said, I want The truth, my sister and my daughter. It's a really, such a dramatic way of bringing across that revelation and to have the, especially with, with the, with the slaps in between. You know, that's, I don't know if people can make that out in the clip that we heard, but can I ask you about planning that, writing that climax, and if, if you had written in the s slaps, if you thought that that would add to the drama of the moment?


Well, yes. They, they were written in. I think that any revelation of any kind is only credible, particularly one that is, is shameful at least whether or not there's any moral or stigma attached to it. It certainly is embarrassing for the Fay n away character to have to admit to it. The only way you're gonna believe that what she says is true is if she's reluctant to talk about it. And that's putting it mildly. I think that as a general rule, anything that you want an audience to believe is something that a character has to reveal reluctantly, any kind of free and easy revelation is one that I think we automatically suspect is not true.


We just, you know, glibness is whether or not it, it it is in fact true. It's certainly dramatically true that Glibness is generally tantamount to insincerity. Chinatown has one of the most often repeated lines of recent film history, and that is just about the last line of the film. Forget it, Jake, it's Chinatown. And that's said by one of Nicholson's assistance after everything's gone wrong, after Faye Dunaway has been killed and the Evil Fathers free. How did you come up with that line? Did you realize it would have as much resonance as it did and that people would be repeating it for years after?


Mm, no, but but the line, the, the the line was intended to be what it, what it is and I guess it just worked. It, it Chinatown itself, I guess is a sort of metaphor for the futility of good intentions. You simply, individual actions don't necessarily matter even though we'd like them to, even though we'd all like to be like Rambo and think we could single-handedly win a war that we lost. And, and Chinatown suggests that a, a, a good man or a man who is not necessarily good all the time, but would like to do something decent, has his hands full when he tries to disentangle the Gorian knot.


That is really the kind of thing that most of us have to disentangle if we're gonna do anything decent. And most of us, ever since we've seen popular entertainments like James Bond, where he's licensed to kill, have always felt that yes, we've kind of worshiped the the job. It's a dirty job, but somebody's gotta do it. We gotta get those, you know, we've gotta destroy the city in order to save it. We've gotta win at all costs. And I think that you have to reach a point where you say, do I have to win at all costs? Is it, am I going to be saving more than I'm destroying Screenwriter and director Robert Towne speaking to Terry Gross in 1988 more after a break, This is Fresh Air


In the 1950s Paranoia grip the nation. Are there homosexuals in government agencies and do they pose a threat to national security? There was almost no one who, who stood up to object to it On NPR R'S through line, the Lavender Scare find NPR R'S through line, wherever you get your podcasts.


On this week's episode of Wild Card Actor Ted Danson says it's possible to embrace your regrets. I wish I hadn't become a liar, you know, early in life, but even your wounds, you kind of have fondness for if you've lived through it and made amends and all of that stuff. I'm Rachel Martin Join us for NPRs Wild Card podcast, the game where Cards Control the Conversation.


If you haven't kept up with the best songs out this year, we've got you covered on all songs considered from NPR music. We hit pause to look back at the best tracks of 2024. So far Chapel Rowan is just a complete star on this song and it's been wedged in my brain ever since I first heard It. Listen to all songs considered every Tuesday, wherever you get podcasts,


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to Terry's 1988 interview with screenwriter and director Robert Towne, who died last week at age 89. His screenplays include Chinatown shampoo, the Last Detail and the Firm, and he was an uncredited contributor on many 1970s film classics, including Bonnie and Clyde McCabe and Mrs. Miller, the Parallax View and the Godfather In a way in, in Hollywood. One of the ways you, you got your start was as a script doctor, you were brought in to solve problems on movies that I guess had serious problems with him. You were brought in as a script doctor for Bonnie and Clyde and for The Godfather.


Could you give me an example of the type of problem you were brought in to solve on one of those players? Yeah, on The Godfather it was, it was, there had never been a scene in the novel that existed between Marlon and Al Pacino. The where the father whose favorite son was the one that was to take over as the head of this criminal family. There had never been a scene where he was able to sit down and say, you're gonna take over and this is what it's gonna be. And they needed it. And suddenly they came to the point where they were gonna lose Marlon in 24 hours and they didn't have that scene.


And they basically, as it was originally suggested to me, wanted a scene where the father let the son know he loved him. And that was my job to go in and write that scene, which I did by suggesting that the father's concern for his son and his son's future and his need to take over because he was the only one who was fit to take over this criminal business, was, was so great that he was obsessively worried about all the day-to-Day details of, of bodyguards and phones and tapped phones.


And through expressing that concern, he let his son know that he was literally sorry that he had to pass on the dubious honor of being the head of the family and, and the son let the father know that he accepted because it was inevitable. And I Dunno, I wrote the scene, Your wife and children, are you happy with them? Very happy. That's good. I hope you don't mind the way I, I keep going over this, my business. No, not at all.


It's an old habit. I spend my life trying not to be careless women and the children can be careless, but not men. How's your boy? He's good. You know, he looks more like you every day. He's smarter than I am. Three years old. He can read the funny papers. Read the funny papers. Hold on. I want you to raise that up. A telephone man. Check all the calls that go, I did it already, Bob.


Good man. Took care of that. Oh, that's right. I forgot. What's the matter? What's bothering you? I'll handle it. I told you I can handle it, I'll handle it. Were there directors who let you on the set, let you sit in before you started directing yourself? And and I ask this knowing that, that a lot of times screenwriters aren't really welcomed on the screen because the director wants to be able to make choices himself or herself without the screenwriter standing over their shoulder and making their own suggestions.


I I have always been, maybe it it, it's because I started so much of my work by doing rewrites that I didn't have the kind of threatening cachet of the originator of a piece of material, which I think is always a threat to a director since it reminds him that he's in the role of basically an interpretive artist. And since I wasn't in that position, I was less of a threat in the early stages of my career. And it did allow me to be on sets. I was expected to be on sets because I was rewriting very often on a daily basis and had to be there with the pages for everyone to go over what I'd done to see if it was going to work.


So I automatically spent a great deal of time on sets. Almost every director I ever worked with not only allowed me on the set, but insisted on it. Is That how you learned how to direct by watching? I don't know how anybody learns to direct. I suppose the best training I had was how I learned to write by being in acting classes and watching really fine actors improvise. I think that it not only helped me in terms of screenwriting, but it probably was the single best training I had to work with actors in movies. Robert Towne, speaking to Terry Gross in 1988, the prolific and influential screenwriter died last week at age 89. Go home.


Jake, I'm doing you a favor. Forget Jake. It's Chinatown. All right, come on. Clear the area on the sidewalk On the Coming up Film critic Justin Chang reviews the new horror movie Prequel.


A quiet place. Day One This is Fresh Air


On Wait, wait, don't tell me our celebrity interviews aren't quite like anybody else's. For example, country Star Brad Paisley has multiple Grammys, but do his teenage kids like his songs? So we listened to it in the kitchen and, and Huck my oldest said, well, they can't all be gems. I'm Peter Segel. Join us for the show that ask the questions nobody else seems to wanna know the answer to listen to the wait, wait, don't Tell Me podcast from NPR.


Wanna maximize your summer without stretching your budget? Life kit's got you covered with guides on exploring your neighborhood for cheap. Don't let money or time be the thing that decides whether or not you will have fun. You can have fun almost in spite of those things. Make the most of every day this summer, whether you're jet setting or staying close to home, listen to the Life Kit podcast from NPR,


Jim and Pam, Janine and Gregory Carmi and Sydney Meredith and McDreamy. You know how it goes, two television characters, obvious chemistry, and you know deep down that there's only one question, will they or won't they get together? We're breaking down these relationships and why we love them and hate them. Listen now to the pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR


This is Fresh Air things have been looking up at the summer box office with the successes of Inside Out Two and the Alien Invasion Thriller, A quiet place, Day One. It's a prequel to the first two Quiet Place movies and it stars Lupita Nongo As a woman who finds herself in New York City when the deadly attack on humanity first begins. Our film critic Justin Chang, has this review. It's no surprise that a quiet place Day One has fared so well with audiences. Horror is a reliable draw in theaters and the quiet place. Movies about deadly aliens that can hear a twig snap from miles away are especially fun to watch in a packed house like the human characters on screen, we stay silent, daring not to cough, scream, or slurp our sodas too loudly.


The first two movies both directed by John Krasinski, followed an upstate New York family struggling to survive several months after the aliens first arrived. Part of what made the movies so creepily effective was that they told us little about the monsters themselves, where they came from or what they were doing on planet earth beyond killing as many humans as possible. Now with a quiet place, Day One, the series shifts gears taking over for Krasinski, the writer director Michael Sarky, rewinds back to the very start of the invasion and introduces a new set of characters.


Lup Iono plays Samira, a terminally ill woman who finds herself on a day trip to New York City, along with other patients from her hospice. Samira didn't want to come, but she'd been promised pizza and couldn't resist. She's brought along her support cat, whose name is Frodo. That's fitting of course since Manhattan is about to become a present day mortar, a land of ash smoke and destruction as the aliens descend from the sky and immediately begin their murderous rampage. The aliens are blind and hunt entirely by sound, which means that anyone who screams is toast.


But Samira is one of a bunch of survivors who hush up early on and quickly realize that they can't make any noise. This seems to contradict the first movie, which implied that it took humanity longer than five minutes to figure out the rules of this lethal game. It's all a little fuzzy and it's disappointing that a quiet place, Day One doesn't give us a bigger, clearer picture of the global invasion. Instead, it focuses on Samira and her new friend Eric. An English law student, played by an appealing Joseph Quinn from Stranger Things. Eric is Shell-shocked and quickly latches on to Samira following her wherever she goes.


Against her better judgment, she lets him in this wordless scene. The two try to dodge the aliens in the lobby of a large office building, But their racing and panting give them away as the monsters shriek and smash their way into the building. For the most part, though, a quiet place Day One does not consist of wall to wall mayhem.


At times, it seems to forget it's an action movie. I say this with some admiration. Sarnov made a striking debut in 2021 with the Nicholas Cage Drama Pig, a darkly funny crime story that was also a moving rumination on love and loss. He attempt something equally poignant and character driven. Here with lengthy scenes of Samira and Eric getting to know each other, the two leads have a sweet end of the world. Chemistry. And Jono so good in Jordan peel's us proves that she can anchor another horror vehicle without uttering so much as a scream.


At a certain point though, it's not enough. The absence of a broader narrative context made sense in the first movie, but with this latest or rather earliest chapter, I found myself wanting to learn more. Sarnov does provide some sweeping details. The fact that the aliens can't swim plays out in ingenious ways on an island like Manhattan. And the director plants at least one clue about the aliens that will probably pay off in another quiet place movie down the road. Day. One does have two big things going for it, namely that it's a movie for pizza lovers and cat lovers.


While other survivors head south to evacuate by ferry boat, Samira goes north in search of her favorite pizza parlor. She knows she doesn't have long and before the cancer or the aliens get her. She wants that slice and Frodo is with her every step of the way. Cats are natural scene Steelers and Frodo is especially compelling in part because you keep worrying that he'll hiss or yowl or cough up a hairball. But no Frodo turns out to be one implausibly quiet cat, which is a relief since one Wrong Noise could have quickly turned the movie into Apocalypse Meow.


Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed a quiet place, Day One on Monday show performing and directing dangerous and wild movie stunts. We talked with David Leach, who was a stunt double for Brad Pitt. Matt Damon and Keanu Reeves Leach produced and directed the new action comedy film, the Fall Guy starring Ryan Gosling as a stuntman who has to perform stunts in his real life in order to save his life. I hope you can join us for Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley. I'm David Bian Cooley. This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank.


Visit Capital One dot com slash commercial member FDIC Support for NPR and the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.