
Hey, I'm Robert Smith from Planet Money. And this summer we are bringing you the entire history of the world, at least the economics part. It's Planet Money Summer School. Every week we'll invite in a brilliant professor and play classic episodes about the birth of money banks and finance. There will be rogues and revolutionaries and a lot of panics Summer school, every Wednesday till Labor Day on the Planet Money Podcast from NPR This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian. Cooley Ain't Turn me, me, right? Turn me loaded. Turn me right on.


Freedom. That's the Freedom Sink. A vocal quartet that grew out of the Civil Rights movement and provided inspiration for fellow protestors as they faced police arrest or jail. We're going to remember Bernice Johnson. Reagan, a founding member of the group. She died last month at the age of 81. The Freedom Singers was affiliated with SNC. The Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. Reagan's experience in Jail formed a powerful connection for her between political protest and song Bernice Johnson. Reagan went on to become a leading scholar of protest songs. She directed the Black American Culture Program at the Smithsonian Institution, where she produced a record series called Voices from the Civil Rights Movement.


In 1973, she founded the Women's Acapella Group, sweet Honey In the Rock. Later she produced and hosted the Peabody Award-winning NPR series Weighed in the water, African American sacred music traditions. She was named a MacArthur Fellow in 1989. Terry Gross spoke with her before that in 1988. Bernice Reagan, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you. We're gonna hear Guide My Feet while I run this race. Now, how did you first learn? Learn this song? I don't know. I don't remember not knowing the song. Therefore, I probably learned it in church. And there is a part of my repertoire that seemed to have come to me by me growing up in a black community, in a black church.


And God, my Feet is one of those songs. This Is Bernice Johnson. Reagan from her latest album, river of Life. I, It's from Bernice Johnson, Reagan's latest album, river of Life.


And again, she's doing all the voices on that through overdubbing. Now, you dedicate that album to the singing tradition of the Black American Baptist Church, especially the Mount Early Baptist Church in Wir County, Georgia. Where you were baptized. What was the singing tradition you came up in? Well, I call it an unrehearsed congregational style. And what I mean by that is there is a way in which a song is started by a song leader and the rest of the people in the church come in and join and actually make the song. That's Kind of what you were doing by yourself with all of your voices on the recording we Just heard.


So that's what influences me most when I am creating choral music, that particular congregational tradition. Now, did you sing an choir or did the whole congregation sing together? Isaiah a choir. This style is older than what is called gospel music. When I say in a choir, I was in a gospel choir. The first difference is you call a rehearsal, you learn the songs, you learn the part, the congregational style. There is never a rehearsal called as long as you live to learn a song. Either words, text styles, harmonies. There is no training session separate from going to church, and you learn while you are doing the singing.


Now, your father was a Baptist preacher. Did you hear much secular music when you were growing up, or was it mostly church music? I heard secular music, but in the early years growing up, my family was fairly strict so that they did not care that much for us listening to secular music. By the time I got to teenage, my brother, who's two years older than me, would get my mother's radio and take it into the room and he would play Randy. Now, Randy outta Nashville played blues between midnight and day. This Is a disc Jockey. That's right. And I learned about screaming j Hawkins, howling Wolf, lightning Hopkins, all of the blues, BB King between midnight and day, listening to the radio coming into my room.


By the time we got into high school, things had just sort of loosened up in the family so that there was more space and more permission to hear and play rhythm and blues especially. And I actually participated in Rhythm and Blues Group. Now you went to college at Albany College, which was a black college in Georgia. Georgia. You were a music major when you went to college? Yes. What kind of music were you studying? The Euro classical tradition. I was in trial to, so I was studying Italian Aries and German leader. That's very interesting. Since you were so steeped in the music of the church to start singing Leader an art song.


Well, within the school system, the black school system, when you get to high school, if you're a singer, you begin to do anthems. You learn the Hallelujah chorus, you learn hallelujah. There are staples of the Euro classical concert tradition. You're trained to sing, and you get your first lesson in that ante style where you sort of cover the voice and you learn that in high school. So by the time you go to college, you also are operating in that tradition. You could not, when I was in college, learn gospel in school. If you sang gospel, you learned it. In church today, you will find on university campuses gospel choirs.


But when I was going to school, the music departments actually frowned on the traditional black vocal song style. So you never received any training in it. And you were basically told if you were considered a good soloist, that if you sang gospel, you would ruin your voice. When you started to sing with the Freedom Singers, did you feel like you were turning your back on what you were supposed to be doing? Learning more about the European singing tradition? That decision didn't come that hard.


I, the first thing I decided was I was gonna be in the movement, right? That got me put in jail. In jail. The only logical songs were the songs that had come out of the black church. The style I'd always sang those songs in were the black, the Black Vocal Style. And therefore, it was like I chose to be in the movement and the movement sort of named the musical content that that would work. By the time I got out of jail, I never wanted to leave the relationship I found between singing and a political position.


And it was in jail where I found that you could sing a song and it would say exactly what you felt. I'd never experienced that before, but once I experienced it, I, I made the choice that I would stay with that and have not changed since that time. I have studied voice. I'm always working with a voice teacher. Most of them operate in that Euro classical vocal tradition. And there are times in Sweet Honey when we use the coloring that is associated with it, but we don't take it seriously. Can you describe how the Freedom Singers were founded?


Albany, Georgia was a singing movement, and when the news reporters began to come down, they came down in December 62. As a result of King being arrested, I was already in jail, so I missed most of that. But what they began to write about was the singing. No matter what the article said, they talked about singing. For the first time in my life, I realized that even black people who came to Albany from other places were, were hearing singing on a level. They had never heard it before. I grew up in Albany. I never knew that there was anything different about the choral congregational style in Albany.


But the students who came outta Nashville to organize Andrew Young, who came out of Louisiana with King to Albany to organize Dorothy Cotton out of the Petersburg, Virginia, came to, they all talked about the singing in Albany being like no other singing they had ever heard. And as a result of that, Cordell Regan, who was a SNCC field secretary, and James Foreman, who was executive director of SNC, began to talk about forming a group. Pete Seeger was somebody who suggested that a group of singers traveling might actually help to build support for those parts of movement activity that did not get on the news.


And SNCC was at that point trying to go into what they call black belt areas. These are areas in the South where black people outnumbered whites, usually three to one. And if we could break into voter registration in those areas, it would really turn around political power. But knocking on doors and getting people to register to vote is not the same as getting 700 people arrested and press was very difficult to get. So the Freedom Singers came out of a need to have another kind of structure to generate support about that kind of organizing activity.


We, we call the songs that you sang, freedom Songs, but some of them were spiritual, some of them were, were old slave songs too, weren't they? I Mean, how did the Freedom Songs came out of the repertoire? First, the standard repertoire of what you were singing so that you would have a song like Paul in Sila, bound in Jail had no money for to Go to be Keep Your Eyes on the Prize. Hold on. That's a spiritual, but that song just moves straight into civil rights movement activity. And you can understand it if you are in the black church, you learn about Paul and Silas being locked up in jail.


They were really radical SNCC workers. They are the first Christian organizers into Europe, and they go into this town and they're preaching and they throw 'em in jail. They start to sing and pray, and as a result, the jail let them out. Well, even though they preach about this in the Black church, if you grew up in a black family, the best badge you can have is that you never got into trouble with the law. So at the same time, you're preaching about these radical Christians, organizing going forth. You're trying to really stay cool within your society. When you're in the Civil Rights movement, that's the first time you establish yourself in a relationship that's pretty close to the same relationship that used to get to Christians thrown in the Lion's den.


And so for the first time, those old songs, you understand in a way that nobody could ever teach you. So that songs like, hold on, eyes on the Prize, hold on, old Freedom, this little light of Mine. We Shall Not Be Moved, we shall Overcome. All of those songs were church songs, but they got new meaning as a part of the Civil Rights movement. Added to that were new songs that people created. You know, you must have also really had to know what song to sing under which circumstances. 'cause there were times probably you needed to sing a song to help organize people.


Other times you needed to sing a song to help people find their courage to stand up to what was about to happen. Did, did you intuitively have a sense of what song to do when The song that you're supposed to sing that suits the occasion comes up in you if you are in the occasion yourself. So you don't have to make a list if you, yourself or a part of what's happening, the song will just come up. And you, if you're a song leader in the black tradition, you're socialized as a song leader to know a wide range of songs.


And you see people coming up with songs all of the time in church and actually at football games. Everywhere in the black community, there's music, there's this selection and picking, and usually there's never a naming. Now we are going to sing. Somebody starts up a song. If they are good leaders, it's the right song for the moment. So that that's something you, you learn. Was there a time when you were with the Freedom Singers, an example of a time where you sang a certain song and it it really kind of changed the mood or, or brought the mood to the next level? The singing with the Freedom Singers is different in a way than singing in the movement on the scene.


By the time we formed the Freedom Singers, we were transporting a microcosm experience. So we would be these four people standing in this hall singing and talking about the movement. But many times in the movement, one of the strongest things was a song called, this May Be the Last Time. It's a song that is a powerful mood setter. You can't really sing the song without thinking about the statement you're making. And it says, this may be the last time, maybe the last time, I don't know, maybe the last time we all sing together, maybe the last time we all prayed together.


Many time that song would be done just before a march. And it would make, you know, something of the potential cost that you were going into and taking the stand you were taking When the Freedom Sni singers split up. And when there weren't a constant, when, when there weren't constant rallies to, to sing at and and demonstrations, did you feel lost for a while trying to figure out what to do with your singing and, and what you know, what, what to do to do with your life? Even Cordell and I got married so that I left the Freedom Singers before the Freedom Singers split up.


Oh, I see. And I had my first child in 64. I tried with the Freedom Singers in 63. There was another group of Freedom singers formed, but I was being a mother in Atlanta, I had a period where I had to decide if I was going to do anything. And it was a period of deciding whether I was going to be a singer or, and if being a mother and a wife meant that I was not going to be a singer, or being in the freedoms, not being in the Freedom Singers, did that mean I was not going to be a singer. So there was a period where I had to really work at that one. One wonderful thing that happened after I had my second child in 65, Toshi, Sega called me and she asked, my baby was two, maybe two months old, she asked me to do a TV show on Woody Guthrie.


It was a camera three show. Now, I, I will never forget it because here I was with two children, and I'm sure Toshi was understanding in some way that I wasn't clear about how I was gonna manage this singing. And then it was like somebody just reached down and say, come and sing. And she got tickets. I flew to New York, did the TV show. but it was very important to me that at a time when I was trying to figure out, there were people watching me, knowing I was going through that transition. And they affirmed me every time.


As a singer, that was very important. You were in the unusual position of being a scholar of the movement that you contributed to. You know, you were one of the freedom singers, but now as a scholar, you have been collecting songs from the movement and going back and documenting sound recordings from the Civil Rights Movement. Have you learned things that you weren't aware of then that were happening around you? I mean, have you gotten a different perspective as a scholar than the perspective that you had as a participant? Absolutely. I was a SNCC worker, which means I was a radical and I, I considered myself in the vanguard and I saw everything else from that point of view.


Being a scholar gives me a chance to back way up and look at a much broader picture. There were things that I didn't know about. For instance, around the March of Washington 63, I knew nothing about the mobilization happening in the labor unions with the churches, national Council of Churches to pull that march off. All of that knowing I have only learned as a scholar. Well, I wanna thank you very much for sharing some of your research and your personal experiences with us. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you. I enjoyed talking with you, Bernice Johnson. Reagan speaking to Terry Gross in 1988, the musical historian and founder of Sweet Honey in The Rock died last month at age 81.


After a break, we remember Gail Lumette Buckley, who also examined race, history and popular art. She wrote a book about her own family's history from enslavement to celebrity. Her mother was singer Lena Horne. Also, we note the hundredth anniversary of the birth of writer, James Baldwin, listening back to an interview with Terry Gross from 1986. I'm David Bian Cooley. And This is Fresh Air. There is a, there is a bomb in the, so sometimes I


feel This message comes from NPR sponsor, Meryl, whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member, SIPC,


New from the embedded podcast. Female athletes have always needed grit and talent, but for decades, they've also needed a certificate. There Was chitchat about is that really a woman? And even now, they're still being checked and questioned. Their story is the newest series from CB, C and NPRs embedded. It's called Tested. Listen wherever you get your podcasts.


If you are hearing this, that means you haven't gone sponsor free with NPR. Plus, join us on the plus side for awesome podcast perks across more than 20 NPR podcasts, including bonus episodes behind the scenes content sponsor free listening, and more. Learn more and sign up@plus.npr.org and never hear this promo again.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bean Cooley, professor of television studies at Rowan University. Many of you may recognize this Voice's Sun. That's Lena Horne from the 1943 film, stormy Weather. She became Hollywood's first glamorous black movie star. We're going to listen back to an interview with her daughter, Gail Lumette Buckley, who wrote of her family's journey from enslavement to the black bourgeoisie.


She died last month at the age of 86. Gail Lunette Buckley grew up in New York, Los Angeles, and Europe, and graduated from Harvard. She worked at Life Magazine before marrying the celebrated film director, Sidney Lunette, with whom she had two daughters. Their marriage ended in divorce after 14 years. She later remarried the discovery of an old family trunk filled with artifacts. Going back six generations led her to write her first book, the Horns, an American Family. She said writing the book helped her recognize her blackness and her Americanness. She followed that book with another family history and memoir, the Black Calhouns from Civil War to Civil Rights.


Her first family history. The horns began with matriarch Sinai Reynolds, who was enslaved in the south, but eventually bought her own freedom. Buckley followed the Horn Family in the north where they were part of the black middle class of Harlem in Brooklyn. Lena Horn's grandmother was a friend of Paul Robeson's and helped fund his college education. She was a childhood friend of WEB Du Bois. Lena Horn's. Uncle Frank was a member of FDR r's. So-called Black Cabinet. And though Lena Horn was considered Hollywood's first glamorous black star, she was given few roles because of racial discrimination and communist blacklisting.


Terry Gross spoke with Gay Lamette Buckley in 1986. Welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you very much. I'm happy to be here. What Did you want to write about your family? Well, it was the material that said, write about me or write about it, or however material speaks to you. But I had this trunk of family papers that had been my grandfather's trunk, which actually was contained all the sort of the, the life of this family. It was amazing. Through six generations, all the papers of my great-grandfather who had been in politics and journalism in the 1870s and 1880s. And there was these wonderful newspapers read, written about the Civil Rights Act of 1875. There was a letter from Benjamin Harrison, president of the United States.


Not very exciting president, but president, nonetheless, personal letter, diaries, photographs, family memorabilia. That was just, it seemed to me this is a, an aspect of black lives that is rarely have ever been portrayed. This sort of story of quiet achievement and of people who were in the mainstream fighting the battles quietly, that eventually a hundred years later would lead to the Civil Rights Revolution of the 1960s. The Horn Family was a pretty prosperous family. Yes. As as black families go. Yes. I'm reminded, A poet once said to me that most black people are expected to tell stories of what it was like growing up.


Poor and white people always want to hear that from them. Yeah. And I wonder if you think that's true and if you think in the process that the black middle class has really been overlooked or, or not understood. I think that's a very astute point. I think that's why nobody's really cared about the Black middle class because they weren't headline makers. They were people who lived perhaps as your family might've lived quietly going about their business. You refer to the black bourgeoisie and use that term more than the black middle class. Yes. Lemme ask you about that. The choice of that expression. Yes. Well, it, it comes from e Franklin Frazier's book for the same name. The Black Bourgeoisie and the people I'm writing about were the black bourgeoisie that he was writing about.


The black middle class is something else entirely. I mean, what I consider the black middle class, which is something born in the 1960s. They were the 1%. When you read statistics, say in 1900 who were in business, who were professional black professionals. They were lawyers, they were teachers, they were doctors. They were educated clergy. They didn't make a lot of money. The economic avenues open to the black middle class today did not exist before the 1960s. They did not exist. For the people I'm writing about, there were few black entrepreneurs, for example. How did the Horn family become a member of this more prosperous class?


Well, I think it started, it started right after the Civil War. They were fortunate in their slavery. If you could call slaves fortunate, they were house slaves. They lived in Atlanta rather than in the country. My great-great-great-great grandmother, bought her freedom in in 1859 for herself and for some of her children, not for all of them. My great-great-great grandmother, remained a slave. She was a household cook in the family of Andrew Bonaparte Calhoun, Atlanta, Georgia. He was the nephew of John C. Calhoun, slavery's greatest apologist. When he died after the war, he left money to my great-great-great grandmother's daughter who was living with my great-great-grandfather, her brother.


And they had money. They were literate. They could read and write. Their mother could read and write. So after the war, my great-great-grandfather bought a grocery store, bought property, sent his two daughters to college, was able to be, this is a man who spent half his life in slavery, but he was able with emancipation and with radical reconstruction, this is the key that radical reconstruction was the best thing that has ever happened to black people in America until the 1960s. Your grandparents seemed to have been in the couple that violated the traditions of the horn family. Yes. Third generation black sheep is what they were.


They said to heck with all this uplift and, and being do-gooders, because my great grandparents were definitely do-gooders. What did your grandparents do to earn the reputation of, of black sheep? Well, my grandfather, theoretically, this is family history. We hope it's true. Or at least I hope it's true 'cause it's fun. Made a killing on the Black Sox scandal of 1921. The baseball fix. He certainly suddenly had a lot of money in 1921 and had run off. He ran off to Seattle that year, ran away from his wife and his 3-year-old daughter, Lena. He was away out of her life for a long time.


Shortly thereafter, her mother left her to go on the stage. And this was unheard of 'cause her mother had also been brought up in the bosom of the bourgeoisie and the stage. The only career that a black bourgeois woman could accept honorably was teaching. And that's when they did work. They taught or social work. And to go on the stage was tantamount to a prostitution. So your mother ended up getting shuttled back and forth between relatives in the south and in the north? Yes, she did. She lived, she was initially brought up by her grandmother in Brooklyn, the wonderful Cora Calhoun feminist in suffragette. And then her mother decided, I want this child back. And she didn't really want the child.


She just wanted to make her mother-in-law. Mad it turns out. 'cause she would be touring in these tent shows in the south and would leave little Lena with whoever happened to be around while she'd go off. And so my mother created a sort of dual personality for herself, her southern personality, when she'd go to one room, school houses, and the kids made fun of her accent and her skin color. And then the other personality that she'd have to, which was her real personality when she'd go back to her grandmother and to Brooklyn and her friends in Brooklyn. Finally, there was a semblance of security when her Uncle Frank was dean of a college in Georgia and brought her and said, I'm taking you to live with me for a while.


Took her to Georgia in 1928. So in a way, she was really a perpetual outsider as a Child. Yes she was. She was an outsider both in the middle class in a way, even though those were her roots. And certainly with poorer blocks among whom she lived, but was not, did not really belong. Gail Lunette Buckley speaking to Terry Gross in 1986 more after a break. This is Fresh Air


This summer on Planet Money. We're bringing you the entire history of the world, at least the economics part. It's Planet Money Summer School. Every week we'll invite in a brilliant professor and play classic episodes about the birth of money banks and finance. There will be rogues and revolutionaries and a lot of panics Summer school every Wednesday till Labor Day on the Planet Money Podcast from NPR.


Okay, so tell me if this sounds like you, you love NPR R'S podcasts. You wish they weren't interrupted by sponsor breaks like this one. And you want to support NPR R'S mission of creating a more informed public. If this does sound like you, then it's time to sign up for perks across more than 20 podcasts with the NPR r plus bundle. Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org.


Every weekday. NPR R's best political reporters come to you on the NPR politics podcast to explain the big news coming out of Washington, the campaign trail and beyond. We don't just wanna tell you what happened. We tell you why it matters. Join the NPR Politics podcast every single afternoon to understand the world through political eyes.


How did your mother start in show business? Well, she done amateur theatrics in clubs in her various little clubs in Brooklyn, the junior Debs, they were called and they would do, she wanted to sing and dance. Her mother had, she'd always had dancing and singing lessons. And her idol was Florence Mills, a great black star, the twenties with meteoric career who died young. And she'd done amateur theatrics. And when her grandmother died, her mother decided, I'm gonna put this girl on the stage. She's pretty and she's talented. Let's see what happens. So at 16, she was put into the Cotton Club. It's interesting. Your father provided protections, so to speak for her when she was playing in these clubs that were frequently run by the mob.


Yes, absolutely. Dutch Schultz's mob protected her in the Cotton Club because he was very close to Dutch Schultz's black numbers men. Your mother spent some time touring with the Charlie Barnett Band and they tour through the South. Yes. And run into all kinds of segregation problems. Did she ever consider trying to pass for white during that period? She never did though. People earlier in her career and later in her career, all through her career in the early stages, people had suggested and she always refused. When your mother, Lena Horn signed her MGM contract, she was, as you describe her, the first glamorous black star in Hollywood.


So, I mean, before her. Yes. What, what could, what Could in Hollywood, you play domestics or you played jungle extras. She was also the first long, long-term contract ever given a black player in Hollywood. And she was Walter White and Paul Robeson's test case. She was a test case to the N-A-A-C-P, which had decided they were going to change the image of Hollywood. It was World War ii. Okay, let's, you know, we're supposed to be fighting for democracy. Let's do it at home. And this was part of this, this program. And she was it, she was the test case. And that made her the enemy of a lot of black actors in Hollywood who were very upset.


And they said, you're trying to take work away from us. There'll be no more jungle movies. There'll be no more old plantation movies. What are you trying to do? And Paul Robeson said to her, these people aren't important. The people who matter are out there, the Pullman porters, those people, and they wanna see a new image. And you've got to do it. She said, okay. So what did Paul Rob want your mother to do? Wanted her to refuse to play a domestic. To refuse to play any role that was demeaning to the, to blacks and to stick by that and not be swayed from it. Did she, did she have any doubts about taking on this? Well, she did.


She did. And she went back to New York and kind of very upset. I mean, it had all been so fast. It's quite a Responsibility. It is incredible responsibility. And she'd been this sort of overnight, huge success in the Hollywood nightclub. She'd auditioned it for Louis B. Mayer who'd said yes. Sign her up instantly. And of course the first role that they screen tested her for was for a maid part. So they were really kind of trying to get out of it. They weren't taking it very seriously. But Robeson and Walter White were taking it seriously. And she was taking seriously. And her father, Teddy Horn, the gambler, came out to Hollywood, flew out very dapper and demanded an interview very politely with Luby Mayer and said, I can afford to hire a maid for my daughter.


She doesn't need to play a maid. And they were bowled over by this. They'd never seen anything like teddy horn or heard anything like that from a black man who was not political. Anyway. So did she get roles? Were there roles for Her? There were no roles. There were never roles. It could not, it did not go that far. All her scenes were cut out of the south. In the south. Her scenes were cut out. So she had to be filmed separately. So she never had roles. She just had moments in movies. Why don't you explain how that worked? When they cut out parts that she was in? Yes. In, in the South. Like, like in Words In Music, which was The Yes. They would cut out the movie Biography of Rogers and Har Yes. They would cut out the Ladies a tramp, which she sang in it.


They would just snip it out, take scissors and snip snip when it got south, the Mason Dixon line. So she couldn't have been, be in anything that furthered the plot. No. She could never be in anything that furthered the plot or, or was crucial to a sick. No, it was a crucial moment in the movie. Never. She must have been very Frustrated. She must have been, Did, did she ever talk to you about that? She, she only talked about it when she did her show. Funnily enough, finally she compensated by making a very hugely successful nightclub career and a very successful career in Europe. You went to Harvard and you're going to Harvard coincided with the Civil Rights Movement.


No, it didn't Actually, it I didn't You go there? I graduated in 1959. Oh, I thought you went a little later than That. No, I graduated before there was the Civil Rights Movement, the women's movement, the Pill Pac. We were prehistoric. We were the Eisenhower generation. We were, when I was a senior, my roommate's fiance, who was a wonderful, who is a wonderful white liberal. I hate the name to say white liberal. 'cause it sounds like they're not real. But he is one of the great true liberals. I've de we have to make this word ring again with its true beauty and honesty and everything else said, let's go picket Woolworths. This was 1959. And I said, why are we picketing Woolworths?


I mean, I knew they were picketing Woolworths in the South, but I didn't connect the Cambridge, Massachusetts Woolworth with the Southern Woolworth. I was really naive and silly, but there was no civil rights. There was nothing going on. That's why I went to, I thought I was gonna stay in Europe and live there. When the Civil Rights movement, Well, it was Kennedy that got me back in 1960. I came home and immediately went out and campaigned for Kennedy and made speeches for him and voted for him. The first person I voted for my entire class, the entire Harvard class, or the people I knew, I won't say the entire, but I mean a huge percentage went to Washington then.


Patriotism was not the last resort of whatever it is. Scoundrels Your mother when she got married, made sure to keep Horn in her name. So she used that as a, she continued to use that name as her stage name. Yes. And then used hyphenated names Yes. For her private life. But Horn was always in it. And yeah, horn really meant something. Yes. In in New York. Yes. Yes. You never really had horn in, In your name. My name. I had it once. Gail Horn Jones was, or the name I was christened or baptized. Gail Horn Jones. Has writing the book made you wanna like stick it back in somehow? No. 'cause I, well I signed my, the book contract as Lumette, and then I married Kevin Buckley and I wanted Buckley to be in there.


So it was a funny, I couldn't, there was no way to be Gale Horn. 'cause it wasn't really my name. I mean, it was, it would be Gale Horn Jones. Lumette Buckley. That's too many. Unless I did sort of G eight. You I, you know, there's an MKP Fisher or whatever her name is. So it was a difficult, I wanna thank you a lot for talking with us about you family. Thank You. I loved doing it. It was fun. Thanks for, for being here. I liked You're a wonderful interviewer. Thank you. Well, thank you Gail Lunette Buckley, speaking to Terry Gross. In 1986, the daughter of Lena Horne, an author of two books about her family's history tracing back to enslavement, died last month. She was 86 years old.


After a break, we note the hundredth anniversary of the birth of writer James Baldwin by revisiting a 1986 interview with him. This is Fresh Air.


Hey, this is Elsa Chang from NPR, where we practice active listening. You know, when we're interviewing someone, we're not just throwing out questions at them. We are listening to the answers. Following up, trying to make sense of things so that you have an opportunity to be an active listener too. Keep listening with NPR NPR brings you the updates you need on the day's biggest headlines. The Senate Narrowly passed the debt ceiling bill that will prevent the country from defaulting on its loans. Stories from across the world. Knowing How to forage and to live with the land is integral to AEs culture. And down your block from CPR News, This is Colorado Matters. And you can find all of that and more in your pocket. Download the NPR app today.


Today, August 2nd, marks the centennial of the birth of James Baldwin, one of the most influential writers to emerge during the civil rights era. His essays and novels addressed racial issues head on Baldwin's, best known works include, go tell it on the Mountain Giovanni's room. Nobody knows my name, the fire next time. And another country for most of his adult life. Baldwin lived as an expatriate in France where he died in 1987. He was 63 years old. Terry spoke with James Baldwin in 1986. He told her that he grew up in Harlem, where his father was a preacher in a storefront church.


Daddy was old fashioned firing brimstone, hellfire, preacher, you know, very direct, very, very chilling sometimes. Was it pretty frightening to have him as a father? And I'm thinking if you thought that he was directly connected to God, then you really gave him a lot of power. Well, yes, he did have the, the aura of the, the divine about him. That to say his orders were not only coming from him, but from the Almighty. So in a way to contest him was to be contesting, you know, the Lord, to be, to be fighting the Lord. And of course, my father was not, was not slow to, you know, to point this out.


There was something, there was something very frightening about it. You became a preacher when you were 14. That's right. Why did you do that? Well, it was almost inevitable, you know, being, being raised that way. And, and after all, not doubting anything my father said, not doubting the, the gospel, not doubting the, the church, you know, and at the time of puberty, when everybody goes through a storm, you know, the storm of self discovery, the storm of self contempt, the storm of the terror. Who is this self? Which is suddenly, suddenly evolving, you know, suddenly he's distinguishing himself from other selves and all of these things.


And the sexual question, of course, you know, all of these things sort of coalesce into some kind of hurricane in a way, you know? And, and in that hurricane, I do what I do. I, I reached out for the only thing I could, which I knew to clinging to, and that was the Holy Ghost. In those three years in the pulpit, it's very difficult to describe them. I probably shouldn't try. There was a kind of torment in it. But there, but I learned an awful lot. And my faith, perhaps I lost my faith or the faith I'd had. But I learned something else. I learned something about myself, I think.


And I learned something through dealing with those congregations. After all, I was a boy preacher, and the people I was congregations I addressed were grownups. And boy, preacher is a very special aura in, in the, in the black community. And that aura implies a certain responsibility, you know, and the responsibility above all to tell the truth. So as I began to be more and more tormented by my, my crumbling faith, it began to be clearer and clearer to me that I had no right to stand pulpit because I, and I didn't know enough.


I didn't, the suffering of those people, which was real, was still beyond the can of a boy. 14, 15, 16, you could, you could respond to it, but I I had not yet entered that infernal. They knew something about being a, which I was only, just only just beginning to discover. And it frightened me. So for those reasons and complex of reasons, I left, I left home, I left the church. What did you do to try to get your foot in the door somewhere as a writer? Well, I wrote all the time, you know, I worked, I was, I've worked, I worked all day and I wrote all night. And I was defined as a young Negro writer.


And that meant that certain things were expected of a young Negro writer. And what was expected, I was not, I knew I was not about to deliver. What was expected was to accept the role of victim. And to right from that point of view, and from my point of view, it seemed to me that to take such a stance was, would simply be to corroborate all of the principles which, which had you enslaved in the first place. Go tell it on the mountain, was a, a fairly autobiographical novel. And it really won you a lot of attention and prestige in America.


Your book of essays, the Fire Next Time, which was published in 1963, was, I think perceived by many whites as an attack against whites. Like he's threatening us with the fire next time. Did, did, did, did that happen? Did some white people see it that way? And did it change your reputation to becoming more of a controversial writer? Yeah, But that it happened, that it been gonna happen already without my quite noticing it 'cause long before the violence's time, which was not in this attack on white people, they flatter themselves Long before that. When I first got south, first went south and tried to, tried to begin to, because I went as a reporter and I tried to get the story published.


You know, the first few times I first few magazines when I came back, did not want to publish the, the reports because they, they accused me of fomenting violence. Now I was describing violence, which not, which, not violence, which I was no way responsible. And I thought that people should know what is going on and why is going on. And the fine next time is probably the combination of all, of all those years, you know, of it was when I was being called the angry young man on the white side of town and being called an Uncle Tom on the black side of town. Some of your writing has really been, I think, very important to gay people and people in the gay movement in America.


And I wonder if the Gay Liberation Movement had any effect on you, if it was important for you to have, you know, a, a movement No. About that. No, no, no. I left the church when I was 17. I have not joined anything since. You see, now, before I left this country, I have been afflicted with so many labels, but I've become invisible to myself. No, I had to go away someplace and, and get, and get rid of all these labels to find out, not not what I was, but who you see what I mean? And the, the liberate, the Gay Liberation Movement is ideally an attempt precisely to find out not what one is, but who won it. And also to have no need to defend oneself, you know?


So it was a very simple matter for me, in any case, to say to myself, I'm going this way, you know, and only death will stop me, you know, and I'm going to live my life, the only life I have and the sight of God. James Baldwin speaking with Terry Gross in 1986, today would've been his 100th birthday. He died in 1987, at age 63 on Monday, show how brain surgery has been transformed by new technologies, new instruments, and more powerful computers, and how brain surgery has contributed to a better understanding of the human mind.


We'll talk with Brain surgeon Theodore h Schwartz, author of the new book, gray Matter. He'll share some of his own experiences. Join us Fresh Air's. Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our senior producer today is Roberta Schrock. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham, with additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman and Julian Hertzfeld. For Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley, I'm


David B. Cooley. This message comes from NPR sponsor, Meryl. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC,


Truth, independence, fairness, transparency, respect, excellence. This is NPR.