
This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Dave Davies. Maggie Smith, the renowned British actress, best known to American audiences for her roles in the Harry Potter films in the Masterpiece series. Downton Abbey died last Friday in London. She was 89 in a career that spanned nearly seven decades. She won two Academy awards for the prime of Miss Jean Brody and California Suite. Among her many other films are a Room with a View, Gosford Park, the Secret Garden, and the best exotic Marigold Hotel. She was recognized for her stage and television performances with the host of Tony and Emmy nominations and awards. We very nearly didn't have Maggie Smith in our archive.


She was available in 2016 to promote a film, but we were told she wouldn't sit for a long interview about her career. She couldn't imagine why anyone would want to talk to her for an hour. She finally agreed with two days notice and I recorded the interview we'll hear now. We'll begin with the scene from Downton Abbey. She played an elderly Countess in an aristocratic British family and won three Emmys with her sharp tongue wit. Here she's speaking with Lady Grantham, played by Elizabeth McGovern. There's brief mention in the scene of an incident at the estate in which a Turkish diplomat died in a bedroom. The two women are talking about finding a suitable husband for Mary. Lady Grantham's eldest daughter, Maggie Smith's character speaks first.


How about some house parties? She's been asked to one next month by Lady Ann McNair. That's a terrible idea. She doesn't know anyone under a hundred. I Might send her over to visit my aunt. She could get to know New York. Oh, I don't think things are quite that desperate. Poor Mary. She's been terribly down on the mouth lately. She Was very upset by the death of Poor Mr. Pook. Why? She didn't know him. One can't go to pieces of the death of every foreigner. We'd all be in a state of collapse whenever we opened a newspaper. And that is our guest, Maggie Smith with Elizabeth McGovern from a moment of Downton Abby. Well, Maggie Smith, welcome to Fresh Air. It's great to have you.


Thank you. I mean, you know, this is a wonderful, you know, ensemble cast, but everyone remembers you and those terrific lines you have. Did you realize what a, what a great comedic role this was when you first got it? Yes. Yes, I did. I thought it, I thought it was great fun because she was so, well, obviously the, the, the oldest in the group. And it was, it was wonderful. 'cause she would just sort of, she, she was in, in the position when she could say what she wanted to say because she was the, and they all deferred to her. And that was, it was, it was fun. I'm so glad you said that about the ensemble.


'cause we, we've got three awards for ensemble work, which is really good. Three sang awards, which is terrific for the whole company. We interviewed Julian Fellows a while back and he said that he based your character on an ant of his, I believe. Oh yeah, yeah. And he said what was terrific about Maggie Smith was that she was able to combine the contradictions in the role. Someone who could at time be so cutting and then be so kind and sort of integrated them. And he said that only an actress of your talent and stature could pull it off. Nice. Did you any particular, oh, that's very nice. Any particular, I dunno, inspiration for you finding this character?


No. Well, it was mainly the way it was written by Julian, which is, which was terrific, you know, and the wonderful lines to say. And it was written so elegantly. She was always very in sympathy with the girls. I think the very young, she was very helpful to all of them. and I think she knew that they've felt restricted. Right. She understood the constraints of those roles better than anyone. Yes, I did. Yes. Right, Right. Yes, completely. Because she'd been through it, even, even stricter. But I think she was very aware of it. You, you know, Julian Fallows writes about this life partly with some personal knowledge. I mean, he actually holds a title, which I don't remember, but, oh, he's Rightfully grand.


He's the Lord. Right. And so he had a connection. We do a lot of cursing. Yeah. He had a, a personal connection to that world. What, what was your sense of the English aristocracy? Oh goodness. It's so, so way beyond me. I'm far, far far from that. But of course that's the one of the joys of acting is that you, you couldn't move up in the world, even if you, you know, in the characters that you are playing, even if you don't. So it was, it's, it's always very nice to be somebody rather grand. Now I seem to be stuck with it, which is a bit of, a bit of a strain.


Stuck with a role, You mean? I think I'm just, well with old, old mad women, if you know what I mean. They seem to be, well, the one thing I can do now, you know, it's funny to be pigeonholed so late in life, but there we are. You can go on YouTube and find montages of your lines in Downton one after the other, after the other, after the other. Do you have a favorite one yourself? I don't remember any of them to speak truth. The one that people There, honestly, there was so many, I don't remember. The line people most mentioned to me is when Matthew Crawley is talking about how he would manage his time.


And he said, there's always the weekend. Oh. And you say, Yes, what is the weekend? Yes. But truthfully, I mean, it's funny, but I it it's weird that it sticks in people's memories so much, isn't it? I mean, what is so funny about saying what is a weekend? It, well, it's the fact that this woman has grown to her age and hasn't distinguished the weekend days from any other. No. They've all, they've all been lazy, idle times. But even so, it seems odd, doesn't it? It's the way she says it, I think. Yeah. Maybe it's the way, the way you say it. You didn't grow up in a, in a theatrical family. Your dad was a, a pathologist, I believe.


Right. Tell us a bit about Yeah. He worked in a pathology lab. Yeah. Tell, tell us a bit about how you grew up, what you were like as a kid. Well, I, no, there was, there was nobody in the family had ever done anything like that before. My brothers, I had two brothers, they were twins and they, they both became architects and they were about six years older. But they could do these fantastic drawings. And so that was, that was a mystery, I think to my parents too. 'cause they had no idea that that was around in the family anywhere. Maybe it never was.


But, so they broke the wave for me, if you know what I mean. I went to a school where they were, well, no, they, they did plays and things. I was, I was never in those really. But I had a very good English teacher who said to me that she thought I ought to do it. She, I don't know. She saw something, thank goodness, because I think if it, if it hadn't been encouraged by somebody that serious, I'm not sure what would've happened to me. Hmm. And you went to an acting school in Oxford, right.


And, and got in. Well, They, they started one. Yes. It didn't last very long. If you applied to get in, you got in, if you know what I mean. I was there for about a term, I think. Then I went to the, there was a playhouse that did repertory theater in Oxford and I worked there for quite a long time, actually on stage management understudying and being a dog's body really. And you got into reviews where you did what? Singing and a lot of, yes, a lot comedy. Right, Because I was, because it was, the drama school was in Oxford, and it's funny to think of it, but in, in those days when I started out, the university was nearly all male and they certainly weren't mixed.


There were male colleges and there were very few female colleges. So they were always looking for women to be in productions. We did quite a lot of, well, they were amateur reviews and we did them up in Edinburgh right at the beginning of the Edinburgh Fringe with, you know, the big festival that goes on in Edinburgh every year. Let's talk a bit about the prime of Miss Jean Brody. 1969. You played a teacher in a girl school in Edinburgh, Scotland, who's a bit more modern than in her views and lifestyle than the con the, the school itself, which is quite conservative, but very popular among her students.


This is a scene where the head mistress, Ms. mackay, who has played by Celia Johnson, has summoned you as Ms. Brody to her office because she's concerned about Ms. Brody's influence on her students. Let's listen. Please sit down. Thank you. Not a colorful frock Color in li the Spirit. Does it not perhaps You right, though. I sometimes wonder if the spirits of the girls need enlivening. Oh, indeed they do. My credo is lift, enliven, stimulate, No doubt. But the Marcia Blaine school is essentially a conservative school. We do not encourage the progressive attitudes.


Now, Ms. Brody, I have noticed a spirit of precocity among your girls, your spatial girls. We thank you. Oh, I am in my prime and my girls are benefiting from it. I'm proud to think that perhaps my girls are more aware. Precisely. To me, Education is a leading out the world. Education comes from the root X meaning out and doko I lead. To me, education is simply a, a leading out of what is already there. And that is our guest, Maggie Smith, in her performance that won her the best actress Oscar, the prime of Miss Jean Brody in 1969.


This is about a charismatic teacher. You know, I actually taught in a girl school in my twenties and I knew teachers like this who just did, you just, you know, were Mag had, were magnetic personalities, but could be controversial. Did did you draw on anybody for this performance? This is just a terrific role. Isn't No, I don't think I did. I don't think I, I didn't have a teacher like that. but it, again, it's, it's so fantastically written. You know, I believe you were not at the Oscar ceremony where it was presented. Did you have No, no. I was opening in a play at the National Theater. It was the first night. And Sir Lawrence wouldn't let me go.


Lawrence Olivier. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And well, quite rightly, I mean, you can't just abandon a whole production. We were doing Conrie the bow stratum Were were you shocked that you got the nomination and the Oscar? I mean, what? Go ahead. I was, what? You know, back then it hadn't entered my mind. Things like Oscars and, and they weren't anywhere near such huge things as they are now. I mean, now they've become, I mean, just extraordinary, haven't they? All this sort of all over the place, but it was thrilling. But of course they, I missed out on it all.


Well, it happened again a few years later for California Suite, which was the, the 1978 film written by Neil Simon were you won the Best Supporting Actress. This is a, a film about several different stories. All of them couples, I believe at a California hotel, right? Yeah. Your character is an actress who is in California, ironically for the Academy Awards. I Thought of it for a Long time. Yeah. Yeah. And, and your, your husband is Michael Kane, who it's a marriage of convenience, I gather. He's actually, he's gay and I want to play this little scene where you've just come back from the award ceremony where your character, the actress, did not win and did not take it so well.


And she's having an, an argument with Michael Kane in, in their suite. Let's listen. What was the best picture? The best picture? You were there when they announced it. It came after the best actress. I was in a deep depression at the time. What was the best bloody picture? You mean what was the best picture of the year? Or what did those idiots pick as the best picture of the year? What won the award? You asked. So I am not an asshole. Don't you call me that Sydney. I have just thrown up on some of the best people in Hollywood. Now is no time to be sensitive. What was the best picture? I'm not telling you. I'm not asking you. I'm threatening you. You're crud Now. I'm definitely not going to tell You. I'm sorry.


I take it back. Sydney, you are not a crud. Go, go. Am I still an ask? Definitely Cliff, then. I'm never going to tell you You hate that ly tonight. Did not. Abominably did not a bum. Ah, Cra I'm going to bed. We have a 10:00 AM plane to catch in the morning. 10:00 AM is the morning. That is redundant. UAH Well, do you think, I dunno what you're saying, I can't spell you. No, not Without moving your lips. You can't. I would like another drink. Please. You drank everything in this state. Trying to bother. That is fun. That's our guest. I haven't heard, I haven't heard that for years. Do you like it listening back?


Yes. It's fun. So somebody hearing Michael. Yeah, That's, that is Michael Kane with our guest Maggie Smith. Yes. In the film California Suite. Tell us a little bit about what Michael Kane did that was so special in, in that role for you. He was very supportive because it was a tricky time. Herbie Ross wasn't the easiest of of people. He Was the director. Yeah, The director. And, and Michael always stood up. For me, that means everything on a movie. You know, if you, if you, when you are working with somebody, particularly when they support you and, and help you through the, the difficult times. And there were some difficult times. Michael Coveney, who's written a biography of you, he wrote, you behave at all times as if you have no power or status whatsoever.


And you know, when I think about the remarkable talent that you seem to display in every performance, you know, there are stories that on the set you can be intimidating, maybe even difficult at times, which seems at odds with someone who, well, one might think is odds with someone who really doesn't think of herself as having power and status. And I'm wondering if you think that's true that you are. Yeah. Yes. I think, I think it is true, but I think it's because I, I've, I've thought about this a lot. I think it's because I know it sounds silly, but I am and I think a lot of actors will agree with this.


I am very insecure and I don't know it. I feel somehow on, on a set, I feel a bit trapped because you are in a corner and you absolutely have to do it. There is, there is, there is no way out in, in the theater, you know, you get, you get another chance you can do it the next night, the next performance. You can probably get it right then. But you, you don't have any real say in a, in a film.


And, and, and quite honestly, I probably drive everybody mad and go on and on and on and want to do another take. And because I never feel that it's right. So I always feel huge pressure. It's an odd feeling, but when you are there and you are having to do it, the choice you make has to be absolutely right. And of course it can't be. So you don't really have a, have a say in it. I, I I find it very hard because I, I don't know that I trust myself to know that if it's good or if that's the take that should be, or whether we just do it with one take or there isn't time to do anymore.


You know, and I find that real pressure And, and that can lead to some tension at times. Yeah. Yes. I, I think there's always great tension because be because there's, there never seems to be enough. There is always pressure. There's always pressure because there isn't enough time, there's never enough time for a movie. It seems to me never, You know, what's interesting about it is that I think so many people see your performances and you make it look easy. I mean, this isn't natural. It, there's no other way that line could have been red. But that's, that's a bit of t And you saying that you have to work really hard and prepare and you still feel insecure on the day you shoot.


Yes. Because that, that's the pressure. You, you want so much to get it right. When I told people I was gonna interview Maggie Smith, I just can't tell you the number of people who said, oh my heavens, you're so lucky. I just love her. and I think, you know, you've particularly had an expanded audience with Dalton Abbey and the Harry Potter films, but you know, you have such a terrific career and you've achieved so much and so many people just love you. And I'm wondering what that kind of mass adoration feels like to you? Is it gratifying? Is it scary? Is it, can you even comprehend it? Well, it's only happened to me since Down and Abbey. so I blame the whole thing on television.


I, it's, it's odd and I've said this before, but I find it very difficult to, to do anything on my own now because people recognize me. This has never happened to me before because I haven't really done television before. But I suppose if you are in people's rooms all the time, I don't know. I was thinking that the, the other night with people like DiCaprio and, you know, there's big stars and Cape Blanches and you just think, how do they exist? It's so difficult and I think now it's very intrusive because of these cell phones, you know, with cameras, right.


Wherever you, people want to take a picture of you or take a picture of of them with you. And it's, I dunno, so how do you, so it's very hard. It's hard to do anything on your own. Do you want to take one question about Harry Potter or would you rather be released? I would, I would rather be released. Didn't, Didn't. I think you've been adorable. Okay, well, no, I don't know about that. What do you wanna know about Harry Potter? Just what was it like to play that role to act in those films? Well, I'll tell you, I just adored Daniel La Daniel Radcliffe, who I had worked with before Harry Potter and spent a long time telling, telling all the producers they had to see him because I thought he was so terrific.


And it's, it's been sad thinking about it because of, of Val and Rickman Oh, who died recently. He Was, yeah. Yes. He was such a terrific actor and that was such a terrific character that he played. And it was a joy to be with him. We used to laugh together because we ran outta reaction shots. They were always, when everything had been done and the children were finished, they would turn the camera around and we'd have to do various reaction shots of amazement or sadness and things. And we used to say we'd got to about number 200 and something and we'd run out of knowing what to do when the camera came round on us.


Huh. But he was, he was a joy. Maggie Smith, it's been a pleasure. Thank you so much. Thank you. Maggie Smith recorded in 2016. She died last week at the age of 89. After a break, we remember singer songwriter and actor Kris Kristofferson, who died Saturday at the age of 88. I'm Dave Davies, and This is Fresh Air. Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross host of the show. One of the things I do is write the weekly newsletter, And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive.


It's a fun read. It's Also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week and exclusive. So Subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning.


The following message comes from NPR sponsor Ameriprise Financial SVP. Marcy Keckler shares the importance of building trusted relationships. Our Financial advisors build trust with their clients through an ongoing relationship that's grounded in personalized financial advice, so that as clients' needs change, the financial advice will also change. For more information and important disclosures, visit ameriprise.com/advice. Ameriprise Financial cannot guarantee Future Financial Results. Securities offered by Ameriprise Financial Services, LLC member FINRA and SIPC.


This message comes from Sony Pictures Classics presenting the Outrun starring Academy Award, nominee Secher Ronan, after living life on the edge in London, Rona attempts to come to terms with her troubled past. She returns to the wild beauty of Scotland's Orny Islands, where she grew up hoping to heal. Based on the bestselling memoir by Amy Lip Trod, the Outrun is now playing only in theaters.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana.


This is Fresh Hair. I'm Dave Davies. Today we remember singer songwriter and actor Chris Christofferson. He died Saturday at the age of 88. He was known for his evocative songwriting. Here's the sampling Bandana. We sang every song that lose Nothing On a Sunday morning.


I'm Lord that I something in a Sunday that makes a body feel alone. Lay What's right, He's a poet, he's a picker, he's a prophet, he's a pusher.


He's a pilgrim man, a preacher, and a problem. When he is gone, he's a contradiction, Parly truth and Parly fiction, taking wrong direction on his lonely way back. On Some noted songs by Chris Christofferson, arch critic, Christine Ar once wrote of Christofferson. He's the Marlboro man with a tender heart. Christopherson's life took many colorful turns, born in Brownsville, Texas in a military family. He became a promising boxer in his twenties, then a Rhode Scholar in England, and later a US Army Rangers helicopter pilot in Germany. He turned down an appointment to teach literature at West Point to take a chance at songwriting.


Christofferson went to Nashville in the sixties and his first job in the music industry was working as a janitor at Columbia Records. There he met Johnny Cash, who became his good friend, recorded songs Christofferson had written and convinced him to start recording himself. Christopherson's rugged, good looks and easy manner made him a natural for films. He acted in more than 50 movies, including Martin Scorsese's. Alice doesn't live here anymore. John Sales Lone Star. And the 1976 remake of A Star is born opposite Barbara Streisand. In the 1980s, he was part of the Outlaw Country super group that included Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Johnny Cash.


Christofferson was inducted into the songwriters Hall of Fame in 1985 and the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2004. Terry spoke with Chris Christofferson in 1999. At the time, he'd released an album titled The Austin Session, which included new versions of his best known older songs. They began with the song Me and Bobby McGee Busted Flat and Baton Rou heading for the train, feeling nearly faded as my jeans. Bobby thumbed a diesel down just before it rain took us all the way to New Orleans Lane.


I pulled my harpoon outta my dirty red bandana. I was flowing sad while Bobby saying the blue with them windshield slapping time. Bobby clap hands. We finally sang of every song and driving Note Freedom. Just another word for nothing left to lose. Nothing ain't worth nothing, but it's free. Feeling good was easy.


Lord Bobby sang the blue. Feeling good was good enough for me. Good enough for Me and Bobby McGee. Kris Christofferson. Welcome to Fresh Air. Thanks Terry. Well, let me ask you a little bit about the song that we just heard, Me and Bobby McGee. What first inspired that song? Fred Foster, who owned Monument Records and combine called me up and said he had a song title for me.


That was me and Bobby McKee. I thought he said McGee, but actually he, there was a girl named Bobby McKee, who was Boole O' Bryant's secretary, and they were in the same building. Bootle O'Brien wrote a lot of songs for the Everly Brothers. Yes, he did. You're right on. And, and anyway, he said the hook is Bobby McKee is a she, you know, and I thought that sounded like the worst idea I'd ever heard of. But, but I, I wanted to write for, write something for him. I had, I had not, not had anything recorded since I'd gone to work for his company.


And so I set out to write the song and hid from him for a few months and went back in and into the, our studio up there at combine with Billy Swan and made a demo of it. And everybody liked the song. The most famous line from the song is freedom's. Just another word for nothing Left to lose. What inspired that line? Well, that's what the song was really about to me, was the, the, the double-edged sword, you know, that freedom is.


And when I wrote that, some of my songwriter friends in Nashville told me to take it out of the song, said it was that it didn't fit, that it, the rest of the imagery was so real and concrete that it, it was outta place to put a little philosophical line in there. Tell me if I remember correctly, did you have a house that burned down at about the time you wrote this song? No. No. I had had, I'll tell you what I had. I, I was living in a, in a condemned building at the time, and in a, in know, know thing cost me, I think $50 a month.


And somebody had broken into it during the week that I was down in the Gulf of Mexico. and I trashed the place and, and stole what little I had to steal. I remember it was a very liberating feeling to me because everything was gone and there was nowhere to go but up. I had also alienated my family at the time my wife had left me, and I was separating all from my kids. And I think I'd been disowned by my parents by that time.


And it was pretty liberating not having any, any expectations or anything to live up to. How, how did Janice Jolin end up recording this song? Bobby New taught, taught Janice the song, I believe, and I think he'd heard it When Roger Miller had recorded it. I first heard that she, she had sung this song when I, I came back from, I'd been down in Peru making a movie with Dennis Hopper singing Bob McGee, as a matter of fact in the film. And somebody told me she had sung it in a, in a concert, I think it was in Nashville.


And then later Bobby introduced me to her and we lived outta her house for about a month or so, and we became close friends. But I never did hear her sing it. I never heard, heard the her tape of it till the day after she died. Chris Christofferson speaking with Terry Gross recorded in 1999. We'll hear more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from ShipBob. The holidays seem to start earlier every year for e-commerce brands. So make sure you're prepared to handle the increased order volume with ultimate scalability from ShipBob. Thousands of e-commerce brands outsource their fulfillment to ShipBob for the fastest, most cost effective ship to meet their delivery promise. Go to shipbob.com, that is S-H-I-P-B-O b.com for a free quote. And get your store in ship shape with ShipBob.


This message comes from Mattress Firm. How do you sleep at night? Ready to wake up feeling refreshed and snug. Is the weather cools down? Upgrade to the luxurious rest you deserve with mattress firm's premium selection of top brand mattresses plus sleep on your new mattress for 120 nights. Love it. Or get your money back ready to wake up feeling refreshed. Get matched at mattress firms. Upgrade your sleep sale and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


Truth, independence, fairness, transparency, respect, excellence. This is NPR. This is Fresh Air. We're remembering singer songwriter and actor Chris Christofferson by listening back to his 1999 interview. He died on Saturday. What Year did you first get to Nashville and what was it like when you got there? I first went there in, in June of 1965 and was on my way back from a three year tour in the Army in Germany, and was on my way to the career course down at Fort Bennington from there to supposedly to teach English at literature at West Point.


And since my military obligation was already fulfilled, I decided I was gonna get out of the army and be a songwriter. I I had spent a couple weeks there just on tour. I mean, just, you know, I was on leave and got shown around to some of the songwriter sessions and got a glimpse of life. I've always felt like I was really lucky to have been exposed to Nashville at that time, because I'm sure it's different now. There Must have been some kind of life changing thought that happened to you since you'd been on this military career track. Your father had been a military career man.


Was it a sudden change of heart or, or, or what that made you think I'm, I'm not gonna teach at West Point. I'm gonna try writing songs in Nashville. Well, I had never intended to make the military career or the academic life. I always thought that I would, I hoped that I would be a, a writer and be able to have a creative life, you know? And then, well, after I graduated from college, I went to Oxford for a couple years and then I went in the military for, for almost five years. And by that time I had a family and, you know, wife and a daughter and I think I sort of despaired of ever making my living as an artist until I went to Nashville.


I went there because in the, my last year in the, in the Army or in Germany, I'd formed a band and started writing songs again. I'd been writing songs all my life, but started really escaping into it during the last year. I was over there in Germany and went to Nashville to try to pedal the songs. And then when I got there, it was so different from any life that I'd been in before, just hanging out with these people who stayed up for three or four days at a time, you know, and nights and, and we're writing songs all the time.


I think I wrote four songs during the first week I was there. Hmm. And it was, it was just so exciting to me. It was like a lifeboat, you know, it was like my salvation. How did you start making movies, did you think when one day I am gonna act? When I started performing my own songs, my first, the first place I ever played was at Troubadour Club in, in Los Angeles. It was kind of a hangout like the Bitter End in New York. And I think at the time there were, there was more people looking for new blood because I got a lot of offers just, just off of performing there.


And eventually Harry Dean Stanton gave me a, a script. I didn't even know he was an actor at the time, I thought he just sang in the bar there at, at the Troubadour. But he helped me do a screen test for a film that was called Cisco Pike. And I got to put my music in it and I was the lead in it, in a film with Gene Hackman and Karen Black and Harry Dean. And just went on from there. Well, I'd like to close with another song from your new cd, the Austin Sessions.


And this is a song called The Pilgrim Chapter 33. Now this song is quoted in Taxi Driver, the Sybil Shepherd character. Betsy buys the record for, for Travis, the Taxi driver, played by Robert De Niro. And she says that he reminds her of the character in the song and she quotes the line, he's a walking contradiction, partly truth and partly fiction. How did the song end up in Taxi Driver? I don't know. I always felt like that was the nicest thing that Marty Scorsese he ever did to me. You Know, I guess you, you had already worked with him and Alice doesn't live here anymore. I worked, yeah. Yeah. But IW but I didn't know it was going to be in that one. And, and Gotti had, there's De Niro holding up my album and they're quoting me like Bob Dylan or something.


It was, it was, I still think that's one of the sweetest things I've ever seen anybody do for anybody in the Business. And who did you write the song about? Well, I wrote it about myself and about a lot of friends of mine that I thought we're, you know, rambling, Jack Elliot, Chris Gantry, and Johnny Cash and everybody, I, I, I knew at the time, and a lot of us were, were 33 at the time, that's why it's called Chapter 33. And Dennis Hopper, I remember when we were down in Peru, every time that, that you would tell somebody you were 33 years old, they'd say, oh, the age of Christ.


So that's sort of fit the pattern of it. So were you referring at all to how you and a lot of people you knew were kind of self invented? Oh, yes. Yes. Partly truth and partly fiction. You know, I I've always felt that I, and, and many of the people I admire are figments of our own imagination. I always felt that Willie Nelson, Muhammad Ali were particularly successful at that, at imagining themselves and living up to what they imagined themselves to be.


And I remember when I first, when I first saw Muhammad Ali, he was Cassius Clay. He was a little skinny light heavyweight over in Rome, and he was telling everybody he was gonna be the biggest, the best, you know, he was the next Joe Lewis. And, and he imagined himself right up into that. Do you feel you did that too? I, I think I did. When I think back to when I first was writing my, my first songs, you know, like when I was 11 years old down in Brownsville, Texas, I, I, I think that I imagined myself into a pretty full life after that.


I was, I was certainly not equipped to buy God, to be a football player, but I got to be one. and I got to be a ranger and a paratrooper and a helicopter pilot, you know, and a boxer and a lot of things that, that I don't think I was built to do. I just imagined him. Chris Christofferson, his new cd, the Austin Sessions features new versions of his best known songs, including the song that's quoted in Taxi Driver. Do you want to go to a a movie with me?


I have to go back to work then Tomorrow. Me? Now. I mean, like another time though. Sure. You know what you remind me of? What That song by Chris Christofferson. Who's that? The songwriter. He's a prophet. He's a prophet and a pusher. Partly truth, partly fiction Walking. Contradiction. You saying that about me? Well, who else would I be talking about? I'm no pusher. I never have pushed. No, no. Just the part about the contradictions.


You are that He's a liar. He's a prophet, he's a dreamer. He's a filled man to preach and a stone. He's a walkin contradiction. Truth wrong direction. On Chris Christofferson on his song, the Pilgrim Chapter 33, he spoke with Terry Gross in 1999.


He died Saturday at the age of 88. Coming up, John Powers reviews the new Apple TV plus film Wolves starring George Clooney and Brad Pitt. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Walmart Walmart is fueling American jobs and strengthening communities with an additional $350 billion investment in products made, grown, or assembled in America. This commitment to US manufacturing is helping local businesses across the country hire more people and support their local communities. Learn how Walmart is supporting us manufacturing by visiting Walmart dot com slash America at work.


On how to do everything from the team at Wait, wait, don't tell me. We try to find the answers to all your burning questions. I'd like to know, how do I get someone to tell me if I smell? That's the perfect question for us. So we went over to her house and we sniffed her Because we care. Listen to the How to Do Everything podcast from NPR. We'll sniff you too.


JD Vance and Tim Walls had their first and only debate on Tuesday. What happened? The NPR Politics podcast has you covered with all the news and analysis from the vice presidential debate. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Fresh Air. In the new movie Wolfs Brad Pitt and George Clooney play two shadowy cleanup artists who make their clients problems disappear. The movie's now streaming on Apple tv plus our critic at large. John Power says that it got him to thinking about its leading men and the decline of movie stardom. For most of its history, Hollywood made its money by putting stars the public liked to watch in stories that wouldn't be worth watching without them. These days, such star driven films are falling out of fashion except on our streamers. That's where you'll find Wolf's. An Apple TV plus vehicle that features George Clooney and Brad Pitt skating through a crime plot.


In glamorously grizzled mode, they play two professional fixers. They'll do anything to clean up a client's mess who collide while working the same job written and directed by John Watts, who did a popular Spider-Man reboot Wolfs matters more for its stars than for the characters they play. The action begins when a New York Politico played by Amy Ryan has a casual fling at a PA hotel that goes terribly wrong. She calls Clooney a seasoned pro who knows how to make trouble disappear. He's doing just that. When they're interrupted, enter Pitt, who, as it turns out, is working for the hotel, which also wants the problem to go away because Clooney and Pitt, their characters don't use names.


Always work alone. Both bristle at each other's presence, the two bicker and jibe, and question each other's expertise. Pitt keeps hinting that clooney's an old man and naturally they discover that their task is more challenging than it looked all too soon. They're dealing with four bricks of stolen drugs, a goofy college kid, and a group of murderous gangsters from Albanian Central casting over the course of a long night. The two come to a kind of understanding not only with one another, but about their larger role in the world. You get a taste of their interaction early on when Pitt nurses a Coke, while Clooney deals with a body.


When Clooney suggests that he's doing him a favor by even letting him stay. Pitt scoffs, You know I was giving you the benefit of the doubt, letting you clean up unsupervised. Unsupervised. Wow, that's an honor. I think you have a fundamental misunderstanding. What is happening here? Do I? Yes, I want to finish the job and go home. Mm. And that is where there is a fundamental misunderstanding. Enlighten me. Well, your job is to make sure that that mess behind you cannot be traced back to your client. And to do that, you have to make sure that that mess disappears completely as if it never happened difficult for you. Maybe. Well, that's irrelevant because my job is to make sure that you do your job so that that mess cannot be traced back to this hotel Less difficult.


So you're just gonna sit there and slurp your soda I'm going to supervise. Now, if I'd paid to see Wolfs in a theater rather than screened it on tv, which has the lowered expectations of in-flight viewing, I probably have been bugged by its lack of imagination and urgency. Watson's script gives you no singing dialogue Ala Elmore Leonard or Quentin Tarantino. None of the stinging emotional force you find incomparable two-hander stories, Elaine May's, Mikey and Nicky Say, or Martin McDonough's in Bruge. And yet the movie's still enjoyable. Clo and Pitt are such deft, charismatic actors that even in a lazy low key picture like this one, you get a lot of pleasure from their barbed decides and mocking silences.


It's clear why they've been stars for three decades. 30 years ago, one would've wagered that Clooney, a smart man with a wide ranging mind would wind up with the weightier resume of the two. And indeed, he's been in lots of terrific movies like Out of Sight Up in the Air and his work with the Cohen Brothers. Yet just as he's drawn to the idea of Frank Sinatra's Rat Pack, he has one of his own. He often throws himself into projects that feel like throwbacks to the 1950s or sixties. He's an old fashioned kind of star. And while a lot of his movies are fun, think Ocean's 11. They rarely resonate in the culture as much as he does off the screen for all his prettiness and ubiquity in the tabloids Pitt's movies do.


Maybe because he's always been running away from his beauty, he's never happier than when Scruffed up. He's chosen a more adventurous path from Thelma and Louise in Seven to Fight Club in the Tree of Life to 12 years A Slave and Moneyball. And once Upon a Time in Hollywood, he's made movies that feel in touch with our present moment. What CLO and Pit share beyond Friendship is that both achieve stardom by doing the kind of movies that rarely get made anymore. That's why even though Wolf's is slight, I can see how they might find it meaningful. After all, this is a story about two old pros who each start out thinking he's irreplaceable.


The only one who can do this special job. Then each discovers that far from being unique. There's somebody else who does exactly what they do. And so far from being indispensable, they're working for soulless people who have no qualms about getting rid of them and hiring somebody new. Which is to say Wolfs isn't really a film about being a fixer. It's a film about being an aging movie star. John Powers reviewed the new movie Wolfs starring Brad Pitt and George Clooney now streaming on Apple TV Plus on Monday show, will Ferrell found out that his close friend and former SNL writing partner was coming out as a trans woman named Harper Steele.


They took a road trip to talk about what coming out meant to Harper and to their friendship. It's documented in the new Netflix film, will and Harper. We'll talk with both of them. Oh, hope you can join us. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham, with additional engineering support from Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld, and Adam Stanski. For Terry Gross, Antonia Mosley. I'm Dave Davies.


Support for NPR and the following message come from IXL Learning. IXL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality. Get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when you sign up today at ixl.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Andro. Meet Claude, the AI assistant ro Claude can help with any project from brainstorming a bedtime story to building software. Join people around the world already working with Claude. Learn more at anthropic.com/claude.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.