
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more at Capella dot edu.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bean Cooley. If there was ever a life designed to teach one how to face death, mine was it. Rod Norland wrote that while facing death from a glioblastoma, a lethal brain tumor, life expectancy is between one and one and a half years, but with experimental treatments, he survived for six more years. He died last week at age 75. Norland was used to facing mortality from decades as a war correspondent from the New York Times, Newsweek, and the Philadelphia Enquirer. In 1979, Norland was part of the reporting team that covered the three Mile Island accident, including visiting the site of contamination, a risk he was willing to take.


That coverage won a Pulitzer Prize for the Enquirer. While there were wars and conflicts in Bosnia, Somalia, Kosovo, Iraq, Yemen, Afghanistan, Lebanon, Syria, Congo, Cambodia. He was there. Norland wrote about his life as a war correspondent and as a patient and how both extremes affected his relationships and family life. His 2024 memoir Waiting for the Monsoon is a reference to his first seizure while he was in India, filling in for the New Delhi Bureau chief of the New York Times. That seizure led to his diagnosis in 2019. A recent review of waiting for the monsoon in the Guardian said quote, this is a gripping memoir of a consummate foreign reporter and an inspiring journal of self-discovery when the cold breath of mortality is on the neck, unquote.


We're going to listen back to Terry's interview with Norland from last year when his memoir was first published. Rod Norland. Welcome to Fresh Air. We spoke years ago. Welcome back. Yeah, thank you. Terry, The neurologist who is your brain surgeon, told you that this tumor would kill you and that you needed to come to terms with that and that you needed to be honest with your loved ones about it. You were reasonably confident that you'd be among the 6% of people who survive more than five years. Why were you so optimistic? And are you still, I mean, I tend to see worst case scenarios, so I'd love to hear how you manage to see best case scenario.


Well, I've always been an optimist and, and you know, a very upbeat person. So I think that has been, maybe doctors have even said it to me. It's my, my greatest strength in, in fighting this disease. There have been studies done of terminal patients with terminal diseases and in which they asked the people if they thought they would survive. And those that said they thought they would survive even though they had a diagnosis that medically had doomed them, had better outcomes than people that just said, oh well, and sat back and let it do its thing.


So that gives me a lot of hope. You were confident in war zones that you weren't going to get killed even though you knew fellow journalists who'd been killed. You had some very bad close calls with death yourself. So what made you think that you were gonna survive? I never understand this about war correspondence, that I think you, you have to believe that you're being careful enough that you can survive, but it's a war and anything can happen. So what made you confident that you would survive some of the evidence to the contrary, Because I am the most careful person around.


And no matter what conflict I was covering, I was always very conscious of putting, you know, safety of myself and the people that worked with me, putting that first, I like to say that I preached the virtues of calice when covering wars. I never go to the front line. I think the front line in a conflict where there's a lot of explosions and, and high speed projectiles flying around, I think that's a very dangerous place. And you have to be either an idiot or completely diluted to go there.


Much more productive is to go say to the headquarters or to the nearest hospital and talk the witness and survivors. And I've always made that my mantra kind of, You face down death several times in war zones. Tell us about one of the close calls, and I know you have several to choose from. You know, when, when it began working as a war correspondent, I was still 20 something and still in many ways an adolescent. And I think like a lot of young people, I really didn't believe in my own mortality.


And I think that's true of a lot of people that do that kind of work. 'cause otherwise who would do it? I mean, who would jump out of an airplane into a parachute if they didn't have some belief in their own immortality? So I lost that arrogance very profoundly when I was on a frontline against my own rules in, in Cambodia on the outskirts of a refugee camp where there was a, a nasty little internist scene war going on between factions that ran the camp and it lived off of the proceeds of the food and supplies they could steal.


So those creeps were, you know, in constant conflict with themselves. And I found myself on the front line with a couple of them. I was standing shoulder to shoulder with one of these militiamen and there were bullets whizzing over our heads. That expression, by the way, is quite accurate. That's what it sounds like. Something whizzing over your head. And, and we just stood there like idiots and one of those bullets hit the guy next to me and blew his brains out, quite literally his comrades.


Then, you know, I had a rental car and they order me to put him in the car and take him to the hospital. I mean, he was clearly brain dead. He was convulsing and bleeding kind all over the Avis upholstery. He was rent a car. Yeah. As we used to say, what's the best allstream vehicle to use in a war zone? Answer a rental car. Right. Okay. So you just told us about when you were a young war correspondent and the person next to you had his brains blown out and then you were forced to take him to a hospital even though you were sure he was dead.


And I think there was a gun to your head while you were doing this, and you certainly continued to be a war correspondent for many years after that. That was an early warning that, you know, you would be surrounded by the threat of death. Why did you keep doing it? Why did you keep staying in war zones after That? Well, I, I started doing it really differently that taught me that I was in fact mortal, which is an important lesson that all young men should learn as soon as possible. After that, I never went to front lines anymore, especially with irregulars.


And I stayed as far away from as I could. There were other times when you faced the possibility of death. You were in a Holiday Inn in Sarajevo during the conflict there, and you were staying on what was called sniper's row in the Holiday Inn. 'cause there were so much sniper fire there firing at everybody. And you were told you had to someone bang on your door and say, get out of the room and into the hallway right now because they're coming down the street with mortars. And sure enough, as soon as you got into the hallway, your room was, was mortared and you probably would've died there. Your bed was basically exploded when, when, when you got back in.


Yeah, the whole, the whole room was a rubble and shards of shells and yeah, that was another warning. And, and another time was when you were scheduled to be executed with several other journalists the next day, and a delegation from the International Red Cross happened to come by and, and, and rescue you. So, I mean, you had a lot of brushes with death. What are some of the differences in terms of your emotional state and your understanding of death between facing the possibility of it doing your job in war zones as a correspondent, as a foreign correspondent and facing it because of, because of your brain cancer?


Well, there are a lot of similarities. One of the most important things I learned as a war correspondent was that the first thing you had to be sure to do was to stay calm and not, not lose control of your emotions and just stay calm no matter what. And I think that's been a really good lesson for dealing with cancer too. Now that you've faced mortality as a war correspondent and as some somebody you know, battling brain cancer, a very deadly form, has your acceptance of mortality changed?


Like when you were in, in conflict zones, did you accept the fact that you, you thought you wouldn't die, you thought you wouldn't be killed, but did you accept the fact that you might be, did you reconcile with the possibility of death and, and now as a cancer patient, even though you, you've survived longer than the odds would have given you, this is a deadly form of cancer and even If you go into a remission, it's likely to come back. So what's your level of acceptance of mortality now and again? How does that compare it to what, what it was in war zone? Well, I think in war zones it was much more of a, a coin toss.


And I, I think I became very good at, at playing the odds and weighing the risks and moderating them by, you know, the way I approach my work. But with glioblastoma, there's no coin toss, you know, it's, it incurable, it's terminal and it can be treated, but it can't be cured. And I've had some good treatment, but the treatment's also been sometimes really difficult and devastating. So I mean, I had to face reality that my death was a, within a fairly short time span, highly probable.


That had never been the case before. And I think it made me a, a better person for that. In what way? Well, because it made me look back on my life and things that had happened in my life and think about what was most important. And it also made me wanna, instead of being angry at my kids for siding with her mother against me in our divorce, instead of being angry at them, I was accepting and just, you know, they also came to my bedside and I felt a lot of love from them, which was very heartening.


When you're a journalist, you have license to ask anything that you wouldn't normally ask people. And the way you describe it, that's also true for you with the brain cancer, because you feel like having a terminal illness allows you to ask things that you normally wouldn't ask about the meaning of life or about death. Do you see a similarity between those two licenses as a journalist and as somebody with a terminal illness? Yeah, and I played, played that for all it was worth. I I asked everybody I met what the meaning of life was.


I even asked Alexa who had a pathetic answer, I'm, she Had the best answer. What was the answer? The answer was to quote Eleanor Roosevelt that the purpose of life is to live life to the fullest and to enjoy everything about it. That's somewhat of a lame answer, but at one time I asked that question of a nurse and she turned it around on me and said, what do you think the meaning of life is? So I said, well, I'm, I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to punt on that. But I think the meaning of life is, as Raymond Carver said, to feel yourself beloved on this earth.


And that was my answer then. And it's, it's my answer in the book too. You met your partner, your current partner in 2016. She's a poet and a human rights activist. You had planned a life together and then, you know, about three years after you became a couple, your relationship was tested because of the brain cancer diagnosis. You know, it's, and it's a form of brain cancer that's lethal. And she has been with you the whole time overseeing your healthcare, making all the arrangements that need to be made when someone is seriously ill. You had planned, She's been, she's been amazing.


Yeah, She sounds amazing in the memoir, I have to say. And you, you were so upbeat about what you expected your outcome to be. You expected to be one of the survivors, one of the small percentage of survivors. But you were given the advice to grieve for you and Lela to grieve, not necessarily to grieve for imminent death, but to grieve for the kind of life you had planned that you could no longer have. Because what you can do now has been compromised places you can go to or travel to. So tell me about what it means to have grieved for the life that you could no longer have and to do that together.


I think it made us cl even closer than, than we were already. Was there a process or there things that you talked about that were helpful? Yeah, I think there's things we decided to do together. There are books that we read that were, we both found very moving books on dying and death and on Facing Death, especially a book called The Five Invitations by an American Buddhist monk, Frank Eski, his name II Mango, he ran a hospice, a Zen Buddhist Hospice in San Francisco at the height of the AIDS epidemic.


And the hospice was for people dying of HIV and for homeless people, people who had no one to care for them or be with them. And he writes so movingly about how these people faced the awful ordeal of dying. And it's really inspiring. I re oh, we recommend it to anybody who's got a friend with a serious illness. It really changed our lives. We read the book out loud to each other and for days on end, sometimes How are you mentally preparing yourself for death?


Because you know that this is a terminal illness and you never go into total remission. This is a cancer that recurs, even if you're in remission so far, you've really beat the odds. But, you know, somewheres along the line, it's inevitable. I mean, it's inevitable one way or another, but it's inevitable sooner. There's more of a a, a deadline. So how, how are you mentally preparing yourself for that? I think, you know, by repairing my relationships more than anything else and, and working hard on those, both my relationships with my friends and with my family, and especially with my partner.


Well, rod Norland, thank you so much for talking with us and you know, I wish you more life. Thanks. I, I plan to have some War correspondent Rod Norland who covered four decades of war for the New York Times, Newsweek and the Philadelphia Inquirer. He spoke with Terry after the publication of his 2024 memoir Waiting for the Monsoon. He died last week at age 75 after a break, we'll listen to Terry's 1993 interview with legendary guitarist buddy guy who has a cameo in Sinners now streaming on various platforms. And I'll review the latest season of the Bear now streaming on Hulu.


I'm David Bian Cooley and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


This message is from NPR sponsor Total Wine and More this summer season with so many bottles to choose from, it's easy to find your favorite and more. Find what you love and love what you find only at total wine and more drink responsibly. B 21.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot, hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.


This message comes from Capital One. Your business requires commercial banking solutions that prioritize your long-term success with Capital One. Get a full suite of financial products and services tailored to meet your needs today and goals for tomorrow. Learn more at capital one.com/commercial member FDC.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian Cooley, professor of television studies at Rowan University. Buddy Guy was one of the first blues guitarists to use electronic feedback and distortion and his technique is legendary. In 1986, Eric Clapton called him the greatest guitarist of all time. Guy has a cameo in sinners. Ryan Kugler's hit movie set in 1932 in the Mississippi Delta during the Jim Crow era. Twins both played by Michael B. Jordan, open a juke joint and try to keep the business going despite unexpected obstacles including evil vampires. Buddy Guy plays the older version of blues musicians.


Sammy Moore guy was born in rural Louisiana in 1936. The son of sharecroppers, he set out for Chicago as a young man and quickly became a central part of that city's blues scene in 1989. He founded his own club there Buddy Guy's Legends, which is still going strong. Buddy Guy has won eight Grammy awards and a lifetime achievement award. In 1985 he was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame and in 2005 he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Guy was one of the first guitarists to use electronic feedback and distortion before Hendricks and other rock guitarists.


Terry asked how he developed that technique Accidentally. Actually we've in Chicago there, we didn't have stages. We'd always go in the corner and play and they had jukeboxes during the breaks and they would play tunes and that's how I LO by listening to other people greats, muddy, Walter Wolf and so on. And I forgot to turn my guitar off one day and a lady passed by and her dress tail hit the G string and it just stayed there with an extortion for about 20 minutes. And I said, I'll never forget that. And I went up and it worked with me and I've been doing it ever since. Well, Explain this again. Her dress touched the G-string. Yeah and I forgot to cut it off and it was lying against the Amplify, you know, and as I said, we didn't have a stage, we were just in the corner playing and she'd get up from my table to probably go get a drink or use the bathroom or something like that.


And I said, wow, I forgot to cut my guitar. It was right in tune with the particular tune where was playing on the jukebox. So then how did you start using that yourself intentionally? Well after, after I found out it would stayed and extort that long, I just went up one day and played and and and, and and stood right there while it was, and it works. Now, when you were recording for chess records back in the first part of the sixties, you were already doing some of this on stage I think, but you, you, you've said that Leonard Chess didn't like that he wouldn't let you cut loose. Well first of all, you know, Leonard had gotten to the point that, you know, that's for an example. If you had went in there and say I wanna do some rapping now, they would've shot you with a shotgun, you know?


But If you was in the streets, you know what the young people was asking for and and what was they was reacting to the what you was playing in. I was like throwing the guitar down, missing notes and it was ringing out with extortion and stuff and people that's going crazy saying Look at that, listen to that. And I would try to take it back and say this is what's out there. And they would say, get outta here, you know? And I'm like saying okay. And later on in his life, I think it was like 3, 4, 6 months before he passed away, call me in and say I want to talk to you. And he had found out because that was a Hendricks Eric and the Cream and so on playing that, he looked at me and said, how dumb could I be? You've been trying to give me this stuff for so long. And I was calling the noise not selling the millions.


I said, you kidding me? You know? And it was just like a joke to me. Well buddy guy, I wanna play one of your first records with chess recordings and you were saying that, that Leonard Chess wouldn't let you do what you really wanted to. But this this is a a, a really pretty good recording. It's called First Time I Met The Blues, it was recorded in 1960 Little Brother Montgomery's at the piano. Do you remember this session? Yes. That's Little Brother Montgomery Tune him and Willie Dixon got me together on that because I was with Cobra Records before that and I got with chess in the sixties and that's the tune they brought me first. And I was more of a student, a listener, well whatever you might say at that time.


And I was doing whatever they thought was best for me in order for me to get a record, I would've checked people because otherwise if I'd went in there and say, look, I'm doing it my way, I would've been, you probably wouldn't be talking to me now. Because that was the company then at the time to try to get recorded with, Okay, well let's hear it recorded. In 1960, My guest buddy guy on guitar and vocals. The first time I met the blue I was walking, I was walking down through the First Time, the first time I met, You know, I was walking, I was walking down through the, the blues got after me.


Let's go back to your very early years. Your father was a sharecropper. Did your parents want you to get off the plantation where you brought up with the sense of when you get old enough, If you should really get out of here? My parent was like, I got two sisters and two brothers, five of us. And they was like sharecroppers and they would teach us all that when we got grown. If you go away, I want you to go away, do better than we did. And If you marry an elephant, If you love him, we have to like him. And that's just the way they was until he passed away.


They never was the type of people that tried to chose what we should do or whatnot. They just told me, son, don't be the best in town. Just be the best until the best come around. Were there any musicians on the plantation where you grew up? Not really. It was a distant guy. My dad brought the first guitar for me from and, and his mother, my grandmother. And if she was living, I was talking to you today and you 10 minutes conversation with her, she would figure out that we was related in some kind of way. Another sooner or later, If you think back real, real deep religious wise, I guess we are in a way of speaking. But she could figure that out. And this guy was supposed to be some kind of distant relative of ours and, and, and, and that's just the way they had me feeling.


And I kind of feel that way now with the music I'm playing and going and traveling around the world. Everybody I see looks and smiles the same, you know, I just see you bigger, taller, smaller, different colors. But we still walking around on two legs, drinking water and eating food and sleeping and talking. So So she got this guy to give you a guitar Or teach, teach you guitar? No, my dad, my dad played, played 2.2 bucks for, and it had two strings on it. No, first electric guitar I saw was Lightning and Slam and I gave him my weekly allowances, which is 35 cents. Oh you heard him playing and you, you No, he came through on a Sunday evening, plugged up on the storefront porch and played Booker Chiller.


So how, how did you get your first amplifier? A strange brought bought my first real guitar and my first real amplifier, he bought it for me. Actually I was sitting on my sister's porch with the two strings trying to get my first year in high school. My mother had had a stroke and a stranger passed and said, son, I bet If you had a guitar you would learn how to play and this is a Thursday evening. I said, probably so. And he said, what are you doing tomorrow? I said, I sit here every evening and next evening he came by, he said, let's go. And I said, why? He said, I'm going by your guitar. And he went, took me downtown and bought the guitar and my sister came in and we'd laugh and they was drinking the quarter beer and said, well let's go in the country where my mom and dad at.


Then the country boy with a country guitar. And the guy followed us out. Then strangely enough, him and my dad talked for 10 minutes and they had grew up together as a boy. So who was he? The guy name was Mitchell. He grew up as a boy with my dad. And after he bought the guitar, my dad tried to trace him down, which he moved to Chicago and became a preacher. We never did, would never could track him down because I still owed him the money for the guitar. Still do. So did you feel, feel like you still owe him a lot of thanks. Do you feel like you were able to express A lot? A lot. And I'm sure wherever he is at at this point, if there's any, any way that he should know, he should know. I I I want to thank him and I, I owe my whole career to him.


You, you left the plantation when you were 21. You went to Chicago? No, no, no, no. I left the plantation trying to get to one year of high school and went into Baton Rouge. Oh, Oh, I see. And then I left Baton Rouge September the 25th, 1957, 8:40 AM in the morning. Wow. You really remember exactly the moment. I can't forget That. Tell me about that moment. My mother was sick and she had had a stroke and she kept telling me, If you don't, don't live my life around her because we was very close and I figured that, you know, I should stay. And she said no. And she learned how to make us understand some of the things she was saying because it affects your speech. And she said, go, you know, and, and I said, okay, If you happy I'm gone.


And she smiling and say Go. And when she heard the first record I made to tell me she give him a big smile. Did you see her again after you left? Oh yeah. I went to, I went to see her every year until she passed away. She passed away April of 16, 19 68. I had been jamming with Hendricks when she passed away. Huh? Oh yeah. So you went to Chicago. Why did you choose Chicago? I didn't go to Chicago to be a musician. I went there looking for better common labor employment and I got there and got stranded and wind up being forced to play. I got at one point in my life I was too shy to even talk. You wouldn't, you wouldn't get the answers you get now from me when I was about 20 years old, I could tell you that. So were you playing on the street for money? No, no. I, this stranger met me on the street and led me and I played a Jim Reed song for him and he led me to this famous club was the 7 0 8 Club and at, that's the address, 7 0 8 East 47 Street.


And that was Otis Ro on stage. And he let me went on stage and I played a song and somebody went and called Muddy and he come out and I, I was telling him I was trying to get back to Louisiana 'cause I was busted hungry and had aid on going on the third day. And he come and brought the soliman the loaf of bread and said, don't think about going back to Louisiana. Muddy Water said that. Yep. So so what happened next then you started getting bookings? No, they start coming. Yeah, well the local clubs now that we didn't, there wasn't no such thing as booking and traveling, but I I, I got to to work in, in that club and a few more. I had a million clubs in Chicago that time and 2 million musicians and you had to play the top 10 on the jukebox and at least some of them to get into clubs.


And fortunately I could do that. I had to play the, the Ray Charles, what I say, I had to play BB King, I had to play Muddy Waters, I had to play Bobby Bland and I had the advantage of some of the guys, 'cause some of 'em would just wanna be Muddy Waters, a howling Wolf, a little Walter. And I didn't stay at that. I tried to let 'em all Lightning Hopkins and everybody. And so I had a little advantage to that 'cause I learned how to copy all of their music. Tell me more about what the blue scene was like in Chicago when you started playing there For six and a half or seven years. I didn't know what was the weekend. I had to go back and ask somebody when was Sunday because we even had, we even had jam session start at seven o'clock on Monday morning.


You couldn't get in the place. Were there like blues cutting contests? Yes, that's what it was all about. It was so many clubs till after someone decided to hire me in a club. Junior oldest, Freddie King, magic Sam and j Earl Hooker, just the name, a few of us. We all had gigs each night, each club was packed. A lot of people was working at a big stockyard to steel a mill and the shift was 11 o'clock, 8, 7, 8 o'clock in the morning. That's why the blue money could work. And in order for us to get together and play, we had to all say, let's start playing at seven o'clock on Monday morning. Didn't nobody have a gig at night? And that's how we got to really jam together with Muddy Wolf, Otis, myself, junior and everybody else.


And that's why so many people would be there in the morning because they say, man, you go to this club with a blue Monday that you see muddy, you see Sonny Boy, you see Little Walter man, what a jam. Blues guitarist buddy guy speaking to Teri Gross in 1993 more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.


This message comes from Molly on's travel insurance. You've packed your bags, booked your flights, and you're all set for the beach resort vacation of your dreams. Then you see the nightmare weather forecast you are hoping for hurricane cocktails, not an actual hurricane. Always make sure travel insurance is a part of your packing list. Trip cancellation benefits might be your silver lining when all you see is clouds. Learn more@travelinsurance.com.


This message comes from Dell Technologies. The new Dell a I PC with in Telco Ultra helps fast forward through busy work leaving more time for you time get a new Dell a I PC starting at 7 49 99 at Dell dot com slash ai dash pc.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to Terry's 1993 interview with legendary blues guitarist Buddy Guy who has a cameo at age 88 in Ryan Kugler's, supernatural Horror film Sinners. I saw you in Buffalo at the state university there, I guess it was the late 1960s and the way I remember it, you started off on stage but midway through the concert you were like down the aisles out the door through the other end of the student union. And I think you maybe let us all outside and then back in again. I don't, I don't remember if I've exaggerated or not over the years, but you, you let us pretty far on that. Well, well that's the same thing was happening in Chicago.


I, I, I had sense enough to know I couldn't challenge Muddy Waters, howling Wolf or some of those great giants who I was learning from and I was just trying to get some attention to let someone know that I had something that they were always sitting in chairs. Matter of fact the blues, BB King does it now. He was doing It Doesn the night. He said, we not tired, we just sitting down to let you know our blues was played 42 years ago. And I was like, I saw a guitar slam, which I mentioned earlier. I said, well look, they can outplay me but they can't outdo me. So IIII just, I just start jumping up, laying out on my back with the guitar under my back and oh, you gotta do this like an exercise. You know, you raise your back up off it and just pick the strings.


If you can find a way to put your fingers in the right place it, you can play it anywhere. Did you have to get really, really, really long guitar wires from your guitar to the amplifier in order to walk as far as you did? Well actually I saw Guitar Slam with that. First of all, when I first got to Chicago, I would go to the shop to have this wire made. They wouldn't make it 'cause they'd tell me it wasn't gonna work. I said, well gimme the wire, I'll make it. And I had learned how to sort my own end zone there. And finally one of the technicians came out, he said, this guy's crazy. I don't believe this thing is coming through. And they used to examine my wire, one guitar player cut it in half one night 'cause he figured I had somebody else behind the curtain playing. You know, it's funny, you've, you've gone from being, you know, a younger person trying to establish himself and trying to figure out who who he is and what makes him different from everybody else to being now, you know, one of, one of the blues legends that everybody wants to emulate.


You've talked a lot about how you felt like you really had to like work hard and outdo everybody else, you know, to, to call attention to who you were. Do you still, does that still motivate the kind of show that you do? I mean, 'cause now now you're a buddy guy. I mean everybody knows who you are. Not quite everybody, you know, I'm not, I'm not as well known as some people who play the guitar there. I wished I were, you know, then maybe I wouldn't have to work so hard. But, and, and, and in another sense, maybe I don't wanna be like that. It might stop me from working as hard as I do because If you come and see me, I, I want you to have 110, 20% of buddy guy nothing less. Because if I get to the point I start taking that from you.


I don't think I wanna play anymore. Do you still have the energy to do the kind of show you used to do? I don't, I don't know if I have as much as I had. I'm not gonna lie to you and tell you I feel like I was when I was 17 years old, but when I pick up my guitar, I feel like I'm 14. Let me ask you about the, the influence of BB King on your playing and what the influence has been and what where the point of departure is. You've, you've known him a long time, you've been on stage with him a a bunch of times. Tell me a little bit about his influence on you and also how, how you feel very different from him. Well, lemme put it to you like this. His influence should be on every guitar player that picks up a guitar because he, he told me when I first met him, he didn't learn how to use the slide.


And we all, Eric, Stevie, myself, Albert King, Albert Collins, we all squeeze the strings and I tell him every time I get a chance to talk with him, he's the one that invented that squeezing the string and bending the way we do. And on tour with him now it is like buddy guy's going to school and his first year and in grade school I'm still learning from him and as long as he around, I still think his name should be on every guitar that's put out there. Oh yes Buddy guy. I have one last question for you. We started recording this interview at nine 30 in the morning and there are very, very few musicians who will wake up to do a nine 30 in the morning interview.


You're on the road, you're, you're in the middle of a tour. How the heck did you get up this early? Well, well, well, honestly, I'm a I'm still a country farm boy and I don't want to change that and, and all of my life, I don't care how late I stay up or what, I still get to sleep that I think I need. But it's just the thrill of my life. I love this as well as I do my guitar to get up at five 30, maybe even at five in the morning and, and go out and take a big deep breath of Fresh Air and say, I remember when I had to get up like this and go feed the hogs chickens and cows and I still get the Fresh Air and I got two little dogs whenever I'm at home and, and I don't need alarm clock Buddy guy, thank you so much. It it's really been such a pleasure to, to talk with you.


Well Thank you very much and I enjoyed every minute of it. Don't wait so long. Next time. Blue's guitarist buddy guy speaking to Teri Gross in 1993. He has a cameo in Ryan Kugler's Supernatural horror film Sinners now streaming on various platforms. His new album Ain't Done With The Blues, is scheduled to be released on July 30th, buddy's 89th birthday. Coming up I review the latest season of The Bear now streaming on Hulu. This is Fresh Air


Support for this podcast and the following message come from NYU Langone Health. Dr. Larry Chen is the co-director of NYU Langone Heart and he shares how data analytics is shaping the future of cardiovascular care. One of the core missions of NYU Langone Health is research. We have a whole group who are looking at predictive analytics. Somebody comes to the doctor and he has an EKG and it looks normal. But there's a lot of information in quote, normally looking EKGs that may predict disease. And we now have algorithms from a baseline EKG that looks normal, that could predict the development of heart disease in the future. It goes beyond the predictive value of any one human being. It harnesses the information in analytics of AI as well as the expertise of 10 different divisions of cardiology. Learn more about NYU Langone's three and 20 cardiologists and card surgeons@nyulangone.org slash heart.


This is Fresh Air I'm TV critic David Bian Cooley The Bear is back this week the Hulu streaming service launched season four of the intense and astoundingly excellent series about a talented chef trying to launch a successful high-end restaurant in Chicago. Jeremy Allen White Stars as Karm, who returns home after his brother Mike's death to save the family's beef sandwich shop, then expand it into something more grand. The creator of the bear is Christopher Storer, who won an Emmy for directing the show's hectic holiday dinner flashback episode called The Fishes. The series has an especially talented cast and even a deep bench with lots of guest actors and regulars racking up Emmy nominations and wins At the most recent Emmys.


The Bear won 11 awards the most ever for a comedy series in a single season. And that beat the award set by the bear at the previous Emmy's where it won 10. That's an amazing accomplishment. It's also a somewhat bizarre one because, and I say this every time I review this show, the Bear is not a comedy. I've seen all 10 episodes of the new fourth season and the first genuine comedy style dialogue exchange didn't happen until episode five. But that's my one and only complaint about the bear. That it should be winning all these Emmys as a drama, not a comedy, but the quality and the artistry and the ambition.


Those are givens most impressive perhaps is that Christopher Storer and his writing staff are playing the long game and have a clear idea where they're going. Last season ended on a cliffhanger with the restaurant staff awaiting its first influential review. This season charts the staff's ups and downs, but as much off the job as on it. And there are constant callbacks to everything from a chicken wishbone to the movie Groundhog Day. And its intentional monotony. The restaurant staff is working to meet and exceed expectations while the show is writing and production staff is working just as hard to defy them.


So much happens to so many characters in this season of the Bear dealing with the past as well as the future that I don't wanna play any excerpts that could reveal any secrets. Rest assured though, that this season includes one expanded episode that finds a reason to reunite the show's extended cast of guest players including Bob Odenkirk, John Mullaney, Bree Larson, and Sarah Paulson. And as this season gains momentum, there are shared scenes between key characters that once again are sure shots to gain Emmy nominations scenes between Jeremy Allen White as Karm and Jamie Lee Curtis as his mom, and between Karm and Io Eda Barry as his head chef Sidney Eben Moss Backrack is Richie Liza Colon Zaius as Tina John Bernthal as CaRMS late brother Mike.


All of them already are Emmy winners for their work on this show and all of them shine brilliantly once again. But the only season four taste of the Bear I'm willing to present is from the very first scene of the very first episode. It's a flashback with Carm and his brother Mike in a kitchen stirring some tomato sauce and talking about food as a radio plays in the background. Carm is visiting after working successfully at a Michelin starred California restaurant and is explaining to his brother why he's so passionate about his chosen vocation. Okay? Every one of our good memories that happened in restaurants, right, like the Homer's ice cream after baseball, the Omega after that weird birthday party with Mom, you know, we couldn't stop laughing look like all this good.


It happened to us in restaurants. 'cause restaurants are special places, right? And people go to restaurants to be taken care of, right? They, they go to restaurants to to celebrate, to relax, to not have to think about anything else for a minute. Now people go to restaurants to feel less lonely. This new season of The Bear is all about turning CaRMS new restaurant into just such a place. There's a lot of pressure, financial and otherwise, and it's all depicted so you feel every bit of it. Sometimes there are rapid fire montages of food prep.


Other times, lots of times there are lengthy dialogue scenes between two people shot in extreme closeup. I should mention how unusually emotionally real all of these characters seem and how much you end up caring about them. Abby Elliott is Car's sister Oliver Plaid is his uncle. And even some new cast editions like guest star Rob Reiner as a potential investor. Finally, the choice of music on the soundtrack is inspired songs by Paul Simon and Lou Reed, van Morrison, and REM, Bob Dylan and the Who are Played in ways and in spots that make you respond to the lyrics in a new context.


Call the Bear a comedy If you must, but I won't. Watching this new season, I cried more times than I laughed yet however you characterize it. The Bear right now is the best series on television. You got The cool water when the fever runs high, you got the look of love light in your eyes. I wasn't crazy emotion till you calm me down.


It took a little time, but you calm me down. To keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air on Monday show. Terry talks with Jeffrey Cellar, who played a key role as a producer of the Broadway musical's, rent Hamilton in the Heights Avenue Q and the revival of Sondheim Sweeney ta that starred Josh Groban. His new memoir Theater Kid is about his life and offers a behind the scenes look at what it's like to produce a Broadway musical. I hope you can join us. Fresh Air's executive producer is Danny Miller.


Sam Brier is our managing producer. Our senior producer today is the Challenger. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham, with additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Herzfeld, and Adam Stanski. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Roberta Schrock, Ann Marie Baldonado, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Susan Yadi, and Ana Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly CV Nesper. Hope Wilson is our consulting visual producer for Teri Gross and Tanya Mosley. I'm David Bian Cooling.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from Molly on's travel insurance. The family was all set for vacation until the phrase break. A leg became a little too literal at last week's kickball. Game trip cancellation benefits can help when life sidelines your plans. Visit allianz travel insurance.com.


The House of Representatives has approved a White House request to claw back two years of previously approved funding for public media. The Rescissions package now moves on to the Senate. This move poses a serious threat to local stations and public media as we know it. Please take a stand for public media today@goapr.org. Thank you.