
This message comes from NPR sponsor Greenlight. Wanna teach your kids financial literacy with Greenlight Kids and teens use a debit card of their own while parents can keep an eye on kids spending and savings in the app. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/npr.


This is Fresh Air. I'm TV critic David Bian Cooley. Today we're remembering Bob Newhart, the comedian and TV sitcom star who died last Thursday at age 94. We'll listen back to a conversation between him and Terry Gross from 1998, and we'll begin with this appreciation. Bob Newhart was one of the most successful and durable stars in the history of television. He first appeared on TV in the 1950s as a guest on Hugh Hefner's syndicated series, Playboy's Penthouse in the sixties. He had a Peabody winning variety series in the seventies, he starred for several successful seasons on the Bob Newhart show playing psychologist Bob Hartley.


In the eighties, he started another multi-year hit playing a Vermont innkeeper. He had other sitcoms in the nineties, then spent the 21st century playing recurring roles on everything from ER and Desperate Housewives to the sitcoms, the Big Bang Theory. And as late as 2020 Young Sheldon, he also was a standout supporting player in such films as Elf and Catch 22. Bob Newhart's career stretched over most of a century, yet he didn't enter show business until he was 30 when he stepped on stage as a standup comic for the first time. Bob Newhart was a former accountant in Chicago, working as an advertising copywriter at parties.


He would do little comic routines and taped some of them for the fun of it. Somehow the tapes ended up at Warner Brothers records where an executive offered to pay to have new heart's. Next nightclub appearance recorded for a comedy record album. The only problem was Newhart didn't have any previous nightclub appearances, much less any upcoming ones. But with the offer in hand, he booked a club, recorded his brand new act, and when it was released in 1960, the button down mind of Bob Newhart became the first comedy album to hit number one on the billboard charts. One of its classic routines. Had him playing a driving instructor, meeting his new pupil, Mrs. Webb.


And Bob Newhart's. Clever approach was that you only ever heard his half of the dialogue. The rest was silent and imagined. Decades later in an interview, he told me that despite that album's success, he hated listening to it because the producer of that record edited and shortened so many of new heart's, comic pauses to save time, but to millions of listeners, and I was one of them as a young kid. His recorded routines seemed perfect and well worth memorizing. How do, how do you do? You're, you're Mrs. Webb, is that right? Oh, I see you've had one lesson already. Who was the instructor on that? Mrs. Webb.


Mr. Mr. Adam. I, I'm sorry. Here it is. Mr. Adams. Just let me read ahead and kind of familiarize myself with the case. How, how fast were you going when Mr. Adams jumped from the car? 7 75. And, and, and where was that in your driveway? How, how far had Mr. Adams gotten in the lesson back backing out? I see you were backing out at, at 75 and, and that's when he, that's when he jumped. Did he cover starting the car and the other way of stopping?


What, what's the other way of stopping throwing it in reverse that. That's it. Tom Smothers once described Bob Newhart as a one man comedy team, which was a perfect description, except that Newhart played so well with others too. On the Bob Newhart show in the seventies, his Bob Hartley was delightful against Suzanne Ette, who played his wife Emily. And when he was in sessions with his therapy patients, they were great foils against which to play. Many obituaries described Newhart's style of comedy as deadpan. But he once told me he hated that too. He preferred the term low key, but by any other name.


What he did was hilarious. Here he is, listening to a patient played by Jack Riley. I don't know Dr. Harley. I think I'm making some progress. You are. I think I'm overcoming my acrophobia. I I didn't even know you had a, a fear of open places, Open places. Agoraphobia is a fear of open places. Oh, I thought it was a fear of agricultural products. Sorry. Well, anyway, wheat doesn't scare me anymore. In Bob Newhart's next successful sitcom Newhart, he got to exercise both sets of comedy muscles often in the same scene. In the episode, introducing Jack of all trades, Larry and his very strange and silent siblings, Newhart's, Dick Loudin and his wife Joanna, played by Mary Fran, have a problem on their hands actually in their basement.


Workers repairing the Ancient Inn have uncovered the skeletal remains of a body, several hundred years old. Dick is looking for someone to remove the remains and starts with a phone call. Yep. Hello? Is this anything for a buck? Yeah. My, my, my name is Dick Loudin. I'm the owner of the Stratford Inn. Yeah, there, there's something we have to have moved. Not until next week. There's no way you could, you could do it sooner. Well, it's, it's a 300 year old corpse that's, that's buried in our basement fi.


Five minutes would be fine. You know what, actually we thought we'd pay you Almost immediately. Larry and his brothers show up at the end in person. Larry is played by William Sanderson. Oh boy. Hi. Hi, I'm Larry. This is my brother Darrell. That's my other brother Darrell. So how, how you doing? Okay, except to throw my back out Last week, crawling under a house Sounds like a tough job.


Wasn't a job. I just like crawling under housing. This led to what I consider the ultimate finale in TV history. In the final episode of Newhart in 1990, Dick gets hit on the head by a golf ball and awakens in bed, but it's a different bedroom. The one from the Bob Newhart Show, and he wakes up next to his wife from that show played by Suzanne Chet. The studio audience, like viewers at home had no idea what was coming or who was under those covers, but what a terrific surprise when he starts describing his nightmare to Emily.


All right, Bob, what is it? Said? I, I was an innkeeper in this crazy little town in Vermont. I'm happy for you, you, you're not No, nothing, nothing made sense in this place. I mean, the, the, the maid was an heiress. Her, her husband talked in, in alliteration. The, the handyman kept missing the, the point of things. And then there were these three woodsmen, but only one of 'em talked That settles it. No more Japanese food before you go to bed.


17 years later, Bob Newhart appeared on the Big Bang Theory as former children's TV science host, professor Proton Sheldon, played by Jim Parsons, had hired the long retired Arthur Jeffries, AKA professor proton as his birthday entertainment. He finally met the professor sitting on a suitcase on a landing winded from climbing the stairs in the apartment building where Sheldon lived with his roommate Leonard. Leonard is played by Johnny Galecki. Sheldon speaks first. It's really you, Mr. Jeffers. I am so Sorry. We should have told you about the broken elevator.


I agree. Professor Proton, it's an honor to meet you. Just, just call me Arthur Leonard. Did you hear that Professor Proton said I should call him Arthur. That means we're friends. No, a a friend would've would've told me about the elevator. Look at me. I can get as close to you as I want without my mom saying it's going to ruin my eyes. Is is he dangerous?


Actually, he's a genius. I am. That, That doesn't answer my question Amazingly, Bob Newhart won his only acting Emmy for his guest appearances on the Big Bang Theory, and it became a delightful recurring role. But Newhart was one of TV's most beloved sitcom stars. And his Bob Newhart show was part of the all time best night of television. On television. The time CBS filled its Saturday nights with All In The Family Mash, the Mary Tyler Moore show, the Bob Newhart show, and the Carol Burnett show. Terry Gross spoke with Bob Newhart in 1998 and asked him about the unusual comedy approach that made him a star.


Now, How did you come up with the one-sided phone call bit? Well, you know, I'm credited with that, and I actually, I don't, I I certainly didn't invent the form. One of the first records ever was a thing called Cohen on the telephone one. And then of course, George Dessel used to do phone calls to his mother. And then Shelly Berman did a lot of one one-sided conversations. Mike and Lane did two-sided co conversation, but they were, again, they were telephone conversations. There are just, there are some routines that lend themselves to, to the telephone. And I, I think, I think what happens is the, the audience, the people listening to it, it makes it a hot medium in, in Marshall McClellan's words be because they're involved.


They're, they're supplying something. They're not just sitting back and saying, oh, that's funny. Oh, that's funny. They're supplying the other end of the conversation. I, I, I was, I belonged to a country club out here, and George Scott belongs to it. And he, he asked me one time, he said in that kind of gruff voice of his, he said, let me ask you something. How, how do you do those? How do you do those, those telephone conversations? And I said, well, George, I just, you know, I I ask a question and then I, I wait long enough for the person on the other end to answer it, and then, then I start talking again.


He said, that's, that's amazing. It's absolutely amazing. And I thought to myself, no, George Patton is amazing. This is, this is just a telephone conversation. I, I don't know how else to do it. That's the, that's the only way you can do it. Bob Newhart is my guest. Now you're, you're Catholic. And when you were coming of age as a comic, I think a lot of the comics were, were, were Jewish comics who were getting their start in the Catskill Mountains, which was a largely Jewish resort area. And I'm wondering if you ever felt, felt that ethnic comics had a, comics, had a built-in constituency IE people of their ethnic group.


And did, did you feel like you, you had that kind of, you know, because there was no borsch belt for you? No. Did you play the Borsch belt at all? No, I never have. Right. The Catskills. No. Right. So did, did you feel like that I played the Poconos, that, that's as close as I ever came to The Catskills. Okay. Did, did you feel like you were missing out on something not being identified as an ethnic comic? Well, you know, humor, I think at that time was, was very regional as I recall it. It was, I remember Phil Foster doing, doing routines about the Brooklyn Dodgers, and then television came along and you had to make your humor continental.


You, you couldn't make it regional anymore. It, it had to be you, you had to find ways of, of, of not making it regional is, is what I'm trying to say. I, after some time I realized that, that a lot of my friends, that a lot of the comics are Jewish that, that I know. And, and they would refer to their Jewishness. And then I began referring to my Catholicism and, and what it's like to grow up as a Catholic and, and, and began to realize how, how funny it is in many ways to, to grow up. It, it gives you a chance to kind of stand back and, and look at it and find, and find the humor in it.


What did you find funny about your Catholic upbringing? Well, for instance, I said what the difference between Catholics and and other religions is, is basically we have confession. And non-Catholics don't understand how, how you go in this little dark room and tell another human being like terrible things you've done during the week. But if you're raised Catholic, there are, there are certain tricks you learn about going to confession. Like you, you sit in the very last pew and you, and you watch the two lines move in the, into the confessional. And whichever line moves the fastest, that's the one you get in because that, that priest wants to get outta there.


And I remember the first time I did that, and it, it got a big reaction from the audience. And I realized, oh, I'm not the only one who, I'm not the only one who who did that. You kinda treat it as if it was a long line at the supermarket instead of, instead of the confessional. Can you remember for us what the venues is? You know, that's interesting because it does suggest they might, they, they, they might have a confessional like, you know, 10 sins or less, you know, The swift moving line. I just thought of it. That's good. Oh, can, can you recall for us what your early venues were like?


What, what the, the, the smaller clubs, if there were such things at the time and you know, what Reno and Vegas were like when you started doing them in the sixties? Oh wow. There were clubs. They, they weren't comedy clubs per se, much as they'd be referred to today, as with just one comic after another, getting up and doing five minutes. There was, they were folk music clubs, places like Mr. Kelly's in Chicago and The Hungry Eye and San Francisco and the Crescendo in Los Angeles. And, and you'd get up and do half hour, 35 minutes and, and then, then this folk group would come on and, and sing.


And then a guy would play the, the banjo and do protest songs. And, and then you'd be on and Ken And what about Vegas? Vegas was, Vegas was fun. It, it was, it was a chance to, you'd be there for a month. So it was a chance for the family to come up and, and be with you on the weekends and have some kind of a normalcy to your life as much as, as walking on stage twice a night and trying to make people laugh as normal, you know?


But that would be the, and, and there was a comradery among Vegas people that, that still exist. I still see Stephen Edie and Shaky Green and, and Dick Martin and Don Rickles. And, and these are all friendships that, that were developed in Vegas. Well, you know, you mentioned Don Rickles. I know you and he are, or at least were best friends. And it seems like such an incongruous pairing because, you know, I mean, the last thing in the world you would do is insult people on stage. And, and Don Rickles is like Mr. Insult comic that your temperaments couldn't seem more opposite. Well, I don't know, Are you really nasty off the stage? And is he really nice?


Oh, he's very nice. Yeah. He's, yeah, I'm probably na off the states and I appear and, and he's nicer than he appears, but we feed each other. We, we both our wives enjoy each other's company and we enjoy each other's company. And we, we go away on vacation and, and we are together for two or three weeks and, and, and we have laughs We just have a good time. It's, it's something I wish everybody could have. Our friends such as the Rickles, See where, where, where do you guys go on vacation? Not to Vegas. Oh, no, no, no. That would be, no, that'd be a working vacation. Oh yeah. That that'd be what they call it.


Busman's holiday. We would, the last trip we made, we went to Southeast Asia, we went to, we, we flew to Singapore and got a board of a, a liner and made stops in Bangkok and South Vietnam and North Vietnam and then Hong Kong. And then we flew to, to Beijing and China, and then flew home from Beijing. And it was a, it was a wonderful, wonderful trip. It was, we, we went up the, the Saigon River. You know, I'm wondering, I I I'm thinking like how odd it would've been if, like, say I were a journalist in Vietnam and there was Don Rickles and Bob Newhart stealing up the river.


I I thought I was hallucinating or something. Did you run into any people who, well, actually, who did a real double take seeing you? And he would go by Met a man. It's me. I'm, I'm, I'm confused now, whether it was China or, or Vietnam. But anyway, he, they kind of knew who I was, but they didn't know who Don was. And I think that upset him and I derived a, a great deal of satisfaction from him. But that, but that has happened before we traveled in Europe. And of course they, they, they don't really know either of us. And, and they certainly don't know what to make of Don.


Here's this loud American who's just yelling things at people and insulting them and Well, does he do that when he is touring? Oh, yeah. Oh sure. Oh sure. And so they don't quite know what to, what to make it done when, when we're on vacation. I Mean, does he do that ish shtick or is that just the way he treats people when He he can't help it. He, he, he sees things and he makes observations that, that are just, they're scary at times. That, that they're so, they're, they're so right. You know, Bob Newhart speaking to Terry Gross in 1998, the standup comic and sitcom star died last Thursday at age 94. After a break will continue their conversation.


And Justin Chang reviews the new movie Mashup Teaming, two popular Marvel Heroes, Deadpool and Wolverine. I'm David Bean Cooley and This is Fresh Air


Support for this NPR podcast. And the following message come from Carvana, the convenient way to buy a car online. Carvana has finance options, so you can customize your terms down to the penny or explore a different down and monthly payment options. Get pre-qualified for an auto loan in under two minutes at Carvana dot com.


China increasingly targets its critics overseas. Last summer, the family of a Chinese dissident was accused of making bomb threats. They said they had nothing to do with, I think the Chinese government is treating us so badly to show its power. Don't, But was it the Communist Party? We unravel the mystery on the latest episode of the Sunday story on NPR R'S upfit podcast.


The Olympics take center stage this summer, this time in Paris, the one a podcast dives into topics beyond the headlines with our series rings and things. Take a look at what it takes to prepare for an event like the Olympics, from designing uniforms to new sports, making their debut this year. Join us for Olympics coverage this summer with the one a podcast from W-A-M-U-N NPR.


If you think the economy makes no sense right now, You are probably right because even economists can't explain it lately. But Our podcast, the indicator from Planet Money, we're A little dose of clarity on the biggest economic questions of the Day and about the forces that affect your Life in 10 minutes or less every weekday. The indicator from planet money from NPR.


I have another question about when you started doing standup comedy. You started doing standup during the era. I've come to think of as the You Dirty rat era, because every standup comic was compelled to do impersonations of James Cagney and they also were required to do impersonations of Armstrong and Bogart. And you did some of those yourself. I I was never much of a, of a impersonator comics. Kind of have an ear for that sort of thing, but I was never real good at it. What I, I found, what was, what was interesting and, and it certainly wasn't planned in any way, but the, the people I mentioned, Mike and Elaine and Shelly Burn, and myself and Johnny Winterson, Lenny Bruce.


It, it was a different kind of comedy than had preceded it. What had preceded it was, was material that could be stolen. In other words, take my wife please jokes or jokes. I burn a hole in the coat. You know, you like this jacket. I it's a beautiful jacket. I I I got eight pairs of pants with it. With my luck, I'll burn a hole in the coat. You know, well, anybody could deliver that line. It wasn't personalized at all, but without realizing it. 'cause I, I certainly wasn't aware of it. It's only in, in hindsight that I'm aware of it, you couldn't steal a Mike and Elaine routine or, or a Shelly Berman routine or a Bob Newhart routine or Johnny Winter's routine that they would say, oh, that, that sounds like Johnny Winter's.


And so it became, it was just shift in American comedy that that just happened. And, and I, I think why it happened was our audience was largely college kids. And, and they would, they didn't have Mother-in-laws. So, so Mother-in-law jokes didn't mean anything to them, thank Goodness. And, and so to, to that extent, the humor that was being done in nightclubs was irrelevant to them. And, and so they would, and I, it was also very expensive nightclubs had a, had a cover charge and it was very expensive to go to a nightclub. And and they didn't have the money, obviously.


So they would buy, they would buy a record and, and get some pizza and some beer, and they'd all sit around and listen to one of us and, and, and that was their nightclub. And I, I think that's what happened. Right. And, and I mean, you, you had an onstage persona, like you said, it wasn't just jokes, it was a whole character that was telling these stories. Exactly. Let me ask you about the first sitcom that you did, the first new heart show and you played a psychiatrist. It's common now to have standup comics with our own sitcoms.


And in fact, it's, it's almost a obligatory What was it like when you were a standup comic having a sitcom built around you? Well, it was, it was paternalistic really, because my, my manager and my manager still is Arthur Price, and he and Mary Tyler morning grand ticker formed MTM Productions. And with the success of Mary's show, he came to me and he said, would you like to do a a a sitcom? And and I said, yeah, I would because it, it would keep me home. It keep me off the road and I could spend some time with the family, which was very important.


So we then went about trying to come up with a, a sitcom. We, and we started out with a, okay, what occupation is he, first of all, he's married, right? Okay. He's married. And I, I insisted on that we not have children, that we not have precocious children. 'cause I hated that. Those kind of shows that where they, the, the kids are all always bailing the dumb father out of some scrap. He's gotten himself into, you know, and we love you, daddy Daddy's an idiot, but, but we do love you and Resolved, I wasn't gonna do that, that kind of show.


And so then we started looking for occupations and I sat down with Lorenzo Music and Dave Davis, who I'd worked with before who were, had been writers on the Mary Tyler Moore Show. And I knew Lorenzo from the Smothers Brothers Show. And he said, well, you know, Bob is, he's a listener. He's a, he's a, like a reactor. He reacts to people what occupation would lend itself to, to somebody who listens. And they said, how about a, a psychiatrist? So they came to me and said, what about a psychiatrist? I said, well, let's make him a psychologist, because I think a psychologist tends to deal with less severely disturbed people.


And I didn't wanna to be making fun of severely disturbed people. I didn't want to be making fun of people with multiple personalities or schizophrenia or any of that stuff. Right. Suicidal depression. Yes. Right. Just, Just Mr. Carlin. Yeah, Mr. Carlin actually was, was was worse at the end of six years than, than he was when he originally came to me. So he has, he has a class action suit against me, I think, as do most of, most of my group. Bob Newhart speaking to Terry Gross in 1998 more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


Waylon, how much do you think it would cost to buy one of those big digital billboards in Times Square to promote our show? The indicator from Planet Money and Big Lights, Ugh, in This economy. I mean, you're probably right, but this question is the exact kind of thing that we find answers to on our show. We take one big economic idea, make it understandable, and, you know, even fun. That's the indicator from Planet Money and NPR


New from the embedded podcast. Female athletes have always needed grit and talent, but for decades, they've also needed a certificate. There Was chitchat about is that really a Woman? And even now they're still being checked and questioned. Their story is the newest series from CBC and NPRs embedded. It's called Tested Listen, wherever you get your Podcasts,


NPR Plus is a new way to support public media and get more from your favorite NPR podcasts like Fresh, Air, Sometimes I'll actually preface the question with, if it makes you too uncomfortable to talk about, if it's too personal, just tell me. Here's the question For behind the scenes content bonus episodes and more, sign up@plus.npr.org.


Let's get back to Terry's 1998 interview with Bob Newhart, who died last week at age 94. When we left off, Terry and Bob were talking about the Bob Newhart Show, in which he played psychologist Bob Hartley. Here's a scene in which Bob and his wife Emily, played by Suzanne Ette, have just found out their respective IQ scores. You know, Bob, ever since you took that IQ test, you've been sitting around acting petulant. What do you mean by that? Petulant means suddenly irritated by the trivial Emily, I know what petulant means. You don't have to talk down to me just because I'm not as intelligent as you are, Bob, you are intelligent.


Well, maybe I am, Emily, but ever since I found out what our accused are, I, well, I think it's affecting our marriage. What do you mean by that? Marriage is a wedding between two. Oh, Bob, I know what marriage means. What's it got to do with us? We've got a perfect marriage, Emily. A perfect marriage is where the husband and the wife have the same iq. Bob, it's not important. Next to perfect is where the husbands is higher than the wife, Bob. Begin it. Third is where the wife is one point higher than the husband Please, Bob. And the fourth, which is us, which is the worst, is where the wife is 1 51 and the husband is 1 29, which is a difference of 22.


Now, part of your persona in the New Heart Show was, you know, he was, he was the straight laced, middle of the road guy who was kind of dull. Okay. How, how did the writers come up with that aspect of it? A lot of, surrounded by a lot of, a lot of nutty, eccentric people. But he was, he was kind to doll. Well, he, part of the success of Newhart was we tried to isolate what made the Bob Newhart show work. And what seemed to make part of the Bob Newhart show, at least the working environment of the Bob Newhart show, the the psychologist's office, was you had to have a situation where no matter how outrageous the statement was made by one of the patients, you couldn't, you couldn't react to it.


You couldn't say, that's the craziest thing I've ever heard, Mr. Carlin. You know, you'd have to say, I remember one time he, I said, how, how did this week go? He said, it went very well. He said, he said, oh, Saturday I was possessed by the devil. And, and, and I think my line was, okay, you wanna go with that, Mr. Carmen And I did. I I couldn't say you were what? So we tried to find those elements and, and in New Heart, and we found them in the guest. No matter how unreasonable the guests were, you still had to kind of say, certainly c certain. I'll send them made up to the room right away. Do you have a favorite episode from the First New Heart Show? I have.


I have several. I have, there's one, there's one that kind of summed up. I comedy to me, it, it was a, I had a African American insurance salesman came in and he was very tall and, and muscular and, and he wore the Djibouti and, and he had a, he had a, a black great Dane that he, that he called Whitey. And, and he came to me and he said, I don't seem to be able to sell insurance policies. And I, I said, well, it does has nothing to do with your personality, it's just that you kind of, you kind of scare people, you know.


And he said, well, thank you very much. So then we, we leave my office and he said, is a men's room. And I pointed out just down the, down the hall. And with then he let the, let the great thing stay there. So knew with that, Jerry comes out and he comes over to me and we start talking. And with the black gentleman comes back in and he says, sit Whitey. And with that, Jerry sits right on the On Wait, wait. We asked very well-known people about things that people don't know about them. Like what was Malala Yusef's side doing when she heard she'd won the Nobel Peace Prize? I Went to my physics class. I said, I have to finish my school day. Because when you get the Nobel Peace Prize for education, you have to finish your school day.


I'm Peter Zagel for the Real Secrets of the Rich and Famous. Listen to the Wait, wait, don't Tell Me Podcast from NPR The Constitution. Our founding document says a lot about how our country has evolved and who we want to be, but it's not set in stone. So for the next month, we'll be digging into the history behind some of its most pivotal amendments. Listen to we, the people on the Throughline Podcast from NPR On this week's episode of Wild Card Poet Nikki Giovanni says, you can choose your family. I recommend dogs, but they're fable, they're, they're intelligent and they always love you.


I'm Rachel Martin, join us for NPRs Wild Card podcast. the game where Cards Control the Conversation, Right on the reception desk. You know, and it was, it got a huge laugh. And, and to me it summed up what comedy does it diffuses tensions in, in, in many areas. It gives you, it gives you distance. It's so that you can stand back and, and laugh at things. But there were a lot of Bob Newhart shows and Newhart shows that, that I loved. I love one Julia sang, we did a telethon and had nothing to do with me.


I mean, I was, I was the host of the telethon, but Julia Hook, This is on the Vermont Show. Yeah, Julia Duffy, Stephanie, everybody was doing something on the telethon to try to raise money. I forget what the cause was. And Julia did an up tempo Old Man river. And it's, it's one, it's one of the funniest things to this day that I've ever seen. It was, it was hysterical. It was, I mean, her lack of understanding of the lyrics was, was incredible. Well, that, that, that was a great show too. The show in which you, you played an innkeeper in Vermont and who also, at least for several years, hosted a local TV show called Vermont Today, in which, that's right.


In which Michael, your producer would bo would either book you the most ludicrous or just incredibly boring guess. And I love the look on your face when you were interviewing somebody just outrageously dull, you know, an outrageously pointless interview We had, we had a still Getty on one show before, before the Golden Girls. And she was a librarian who had come up with a new Dewey decimal system and, and Michael was trying to jazz it up. He had, I he had all kinds of things going, going in the background to kind of jazz off. You know, the, your shows have been rerun a lot on Nick at night, and I think there was one, I dunno, 24 or 48 hour period when they did a whole bombon, they were bringing on, I guess a new series of yours, a new and rerun series of yours.


And to introduce it and celebrate it, there was just hour after hour of continuous new heart programs. What was that like for you? Well, that's a tribute to the cast and, and to the writing that, that the writing is still valid. And I, I had something to do with that. I, I said, I told the writers don't put any in any Gerald Ford jokes, you know, because this is gonna be rerun and rerun and rerun and, and we're gonna look silly. You know, because I knew, I knew then that it, it would go into syndication and people would be watching it. And we, we tried to get away from being trendy and right for that, for that reason.


And it holds up. It, it, the material holds up, which is largely at tribute to the writing, The lapels and the sideburns don't hold up That, that's the only thing I know You wear a lot of plaid also. Oh, oh yeah. No. See Whose idea was all the plaid? My dresser, my, my dresser was colored blind. Are you kidding? His name was Ralph. Yeah. And, and he was such a nice guy. We didn't wanna say anything but, Oh, that's so new heart. My wife. It's like quintessential new heart. My wife would come in, I'd be ready to go out and I, I'm not good with colors either. So she would say, oh my God, you're kidding.


I said, what? She said, oh, take the jacket off. It doesn't even come close to going with the shirt. That's funny. But you know, of all of all careers to choose when you're colorblind. I mean the wardrobe seems like the the last one. Yeah. You think somebody might have said something about it at the studio or, I remember reading an article in a paper about a, a a one-eyed bullfighter in again, we get back to the material coming out of the papers, A one-eyed bullfighter in Spain who was reapplying to, for license to fight the bulls. And it occurred to me then that if there's one occupation where you really wanna have two good eyes, I think bullfighting would be right up toward, toward the top.


You know, I mean, of all professions to choose. When, when you started on television, it was in the days when there were three networks and many cities, a couple of, you know, syndicated kind of channels. But, you know, when a show was popular, everybody seemed to watch it. And television has just become such a different experience now. 'cause there's so many channels. Do you feel the difference? Well of course we were, we used to get shares like 42, 43 shares. That's An enormous amount. I mean, you know, amount of people. Those are, those are Super Bowl shares now. Exactly. 'cause there was no, there was no competition. I just found out, the engineer told me that, that I was the, I love Lucy of, of the United Arab Emirates, which I had never known, he said.


But they showed the Bob Newar show and the United Arab Emirates and people would go home early from work to see it. I never knew I was a hit in the mid Middle East. Huh. The, the first Newar show was on Saturday night, right? Yeah. After Mary Tyler Moore. It was, it Was, it was all in the family match. Mary Tyler Moore, us and Carol Burnett. Yeah. Was Saturday night a a good time? I remember, you know, like when I didn't have something to do and I was feeling really bad about it, it became, at least I could stay home and watch you and Mary Tyler Moore. So it wasn't a total loss. Well it was a time shift. People stayed home Saturday because of that lineup. As they stay home Thursday because of NBC's got must see Thursdays.


And it used to be, I think Monday was, was Lucy I think, wasn't it? I Don't remember. I think Monday and then I think Burl was Tuesday. And, and so it, it shifted. That was musty musty Saturday. When I think of the new heart character in your shows from the sixties, from the seventies and the eighties, I think of somebody who stammers a lot. Not because he's unsure of what he feels, but because he can't really afford to reveal what he really feels. 'cause it might be a little harsh or it might be a little too something. So there's this constant kind of like stammering to just, you know, cover up and to try to kind of package in a better way what it is that he's really thinking or feeling.


Does that, does that work for you? Well that's interesting because the stammer is, the stammer is real. I didn't invent the stammer. I remember in the first year of New Heart, and we were doing a sh an episode and it was running long. And one of the producers came up to me and said, can you, can you run some of the, the words together? 'cause we're the show's really spreading? And I said, look, this stammer got me a home in Beverly Hills and I'm not about to change it. So you better cut some words outta the script. No, it isn't it, it isn't an affectation. It, it's a way I I speak, although I do you I know what you're saying.


It, it does help to get you over an uncomfortable moment. I mean, I think that he's, I think of him as a nice person who doesn't wanna hurt anybody's feelings, right? But at the same time has difficulty saying, you know what, what he means. Well, it's really been a pleasure to talk with you and thank you Terry. Thank you very much. Bob Newhart speaking to Terry Gross. In 1998, the comic and sitcom star died last week leaving behind a string of comedy hits on TV and vinyl. He was 94 years old after a break. Justin Chang reviews the newest Marvel superhero movie, Deadpool and Wolverine This is Fresh Air in the new Marvel comics inspired movie Deadpool and Wolverine.


Ryan Reynolds revisits his role as the wise cracking anti-hero Deadpool, while Hugh Jackman returns as the fiercely brooding Wolverine from the X-Men films. Our critic Justin Chang says, the new movie is as rude and crude as its target audience will want and expect, but that it also offers a few nuggets of nostalgia for old school X-Men fans. Here's Justin's review. When Fox Studios released the first Deadpool movie back in 2016, it played like an irreverently funny antidote to our collective comic book movie fatigue. Wade Wilson or Deadpool was a foulmouthed mercenary who obliterated his enemies and the fourth wall with the same gonzo energy again and again.


He turned to the camera and mocked the cliches of the superhero movie with such deadpan wit. You almost forgot you were watching a superhero movie. And Ryan Reynolds, Hollywood's Snar hist leading man might have been engineered in a lab to play this vulgar vigilante. I liked the movie well enough though one was plenty. By the time Deadpool two rolled around in 2018, all that self-aware humor had started to seem awfully self-satisfied. Now we have a third movie, Deadpool and Wolverine, which came about through some recent movie industry machinations. When Disney bought Fox a few years ago, Deadpool, along with other mutant characters from the X-Men series, officially joined the franchise juggernaut known as the Marvel Cinematic Universe.


That puts the new movie in an almost interesting bind. It tries to poke fun at its tortured corporate parentage. One of the first things Deadpool says is Marvel's so stupid. But now the movie also has to fit into the narrative parameters of the MCU. It tries to have it both ways. Brand extension disguised as a satire of brand extension. It's also an odd couple comedy pairing. Deadpool with the most famous of the X-Men, Logan or Wolverine, the mutant with the unbreakable bones and the retractable metal claws played as ever by a bulked up hug Jackman.


The combo makes sense and not just because both characters are Canadian. In earlier movies, Deadpool often made Wolverine the offscreen. But of his jokes, both Deadpool and Wolverine are essentially immortal. Their body's capable of self regenerating after being wounded. Both are tormented by past failures and are trying to redeem themselves onscreen. The two have a good thorny chemistry with Jackman's brooding silences contrasting nicely with Reynolds' Mile a minute delivery in this scene set in an abandoned diner where Wolverine is making a racket. Deadpool teases him about the fact that he's now wearing his famous yellow X-Men suit from the comics.


Something he hasn't done in previous movies. So what made you finally wear an honest to God costume? Mine's red so they can't see me bleed, but I could see how yellow would be useful too. Have you been checked for A DHD? But I've had several STDs, which were probably caused by A DHD. I could tell you more about the story, but only at the risk of incurring the wrath of studio publicists who have asked critics not to discuss the plot or the movie's. Many, many cameos. Let's just say that the director, Sean Levy, and his army of screenwriters bring the two leads together through various rifts in the multiverse.


Yes, the multiverse that ever elastic comic book conceit with numerous deadpools and wolverines from various alternate realities popping up along the way. I suppose it's safe to mention that Matthew McFadden lately of succession plays some kind of sinister multiverse bureaucrat. While Emma Corin of the Crown plays a nasty villain in exile. It's all thin derivative stuff and the scripts, various wink, wink, nod to other shows and movies from back to the Future to Furiosa to the great British bakeoff, don't make it feel much fresher. And Levy, who previously directed Reynolds in the sci-fi comedies free guy and the Adam Project doesn't have much feel for the splattery violence that is a staple of the Deadpool movies.


There's more tedium than excitement in the character's bone crunching, crotch, stabbing, killing sprees complete with corn, syrupy geysers of blood for all its carnage. Its strenuous meta humor and an R-rated sensibility that tests the generally PG 13 confines of the MCU. Deadpool and Wolverine does strive for sincerity at times. Some of its cameos and plot turns are clearly designed to pay tribute to Fox's X-Men films from the early two thousands. As a longtime X-Men fan myself, I'm not entirely immune to the charms of this approach. There's one casting choice in particular that made me smile almost in spite of myself.


It's not enough to make the movie feel like less of a self cannibalizing slog, though I suspect that many in the audience who live for this kind of glib fan service won't mind say what you will about Marvel. I certainly have, but it isn't nearly as stupid as Deadpool says it is. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed Deadpool and Wolverine on Monday show Comic Nikki Glaser. She talks about sex so much on stage. She says she's come to think of her privates as her Publix. We'll talk about why sex is a recurring subject, interact her self-consciousness about her body and how she looks and what it's like writing insults for celebrity roasts.


Her recent roast of Tom Brady made headlines. I hope you can join us. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld and Charlie Kier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Amys Phyllis Meyers, Annemarie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Thea Chaloner, Susan Kudi, Joel Wolfram, and Heidi Samal. Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Nesper. For Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley, I'm David Blu.


This message comes from NPR sponsor homes.com. You don't just live in your home, you live in your neighborhood as well. So when you're shopping for a home, you wanna know as much about the area around as possible. Luckily homes.com has got you covered. Each listing features a comprehensive neighborhood guide from local experts, everything you'd ever wanna know about a neighborhood, including the number of homes for sale, local amenities, and even things like median lot size and a noise score homes.com. We've done your homework


New from the embedded podcast I hear by declare the house representatives of the 113th general assembly of the state of Tennessee. Now in session What happens when three moms set out to change the way state politics work? We are smart and we are swift. We are not going anywhere. Listen to super majority from NPRs embedded and WPLN all episodes out now.