
This message comes from NPR sponsor, capital One. With the Spark Cash Plus card, you earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark cash plus terms and conditions apply.


This is Fresh Air. James Earl Jones gave voice to one of the most iconic and recognizable characters in film history, giving a deep resonant quality and menacing tone as Darth Vader in Star Wars. If you only knew the power of the Dark side, The demanding and sinister Mufasa in the Lion King, look Inside yourself. SimMan, you are more than what you have become. And for a time he read the Promos for a new Cable News Network. This is CNN James Earl Jones died Monday at the age of 93. He got his start in the 1950s in theater, which remained his first love.


He returned to the stage throughout his career playing Othello Macbeth and King Lear. He earned a Tony Award for his performance in August. Wilson's Pulitzer Prize winning play fences, playing an embittered father talking to his son. Let's get this straight right now, but go along any further other. I ain't got to like you, Mr. Rand. Don't gimme my money. Come payday because he liked me. He gave me because he owed me. Now. I didn't give you everything I had to give you. I gave you your life. Your mama and me worked it out between us. And lacking your black ass was not a part of the bargain.


And don't you try and go through life. Word it. If somebody like you or not, you best make sure that they are doing right by you. Jones won his first Tony for his performance in the Great White Hope as the first black boxing champ. His performance in the film version earned him an Oscar nomination and helped make him a star. Here he is, as the boxer talking with reporters. One more question. Yeah, go ahead. Now, You're the first black man in the history of the ring who's ever had a crack at the heavyweight title. Now, white folks, of course, are behind Brady. I mean, he's the redeemer of the race and so on. But you Jack Jefferson. Are you the Black Hope?


Well, I'm black and I'm hoping answer, I'm straight. Jack, Say, look man, I ain't fighting for no race. I ain't redeeming nobody. My mama told me Mr. Lincoln done that. Ain't that why you shot him? James Earl Jones was prolific in television and film. He made over 70 TV appearances and was one of the first black actors to have a reoccurring role on the daytime soaps. His over 100 film credits included Johns sales, Maan, both coming to America, comedies, the South African drama cry, the beloved country and Field of Dreams in which he played a writer summoned to an Iowa baseball field. The one constant, through all the years Ray has been baseball.


America has ruled by like an army of steam rollers. It's been erased like a blackboard, rebuilt and erased again. But baseball has marked the time. This field, this game, it's a part of our past Ray. It reminds us of all that Once was good. And it could be again. Oh, people will come. Ray Jones received an honorary Oscar in 2011, and in 2022, the court theater on Broadway was renamed the James Earl Jones Theater.


Terry Gross spoke with Jones in 1993 when he had published his memoir, voices and Silences. He was born in rural Mississippi and was raised by his grandparents, but when he was a child, they moved to rural Michigan. And he says that uprooting caused his debilitating stutter between the ages of six and 14. He barely spoke at all. I did the the basics. I, I was able to function as a farm kid during all those chores where you, you call animals, you and I open. I think I had my best conversations with the dog, who was a good friend of mine and didn't challenge me in any way. It, it and I and I and I certainly let let the family know what I, what my needs were.


But when strangers came to the house, the mute happened. I I didn't wanna confront them and I wasn't ready. I I hid in, in the state of mutiny. What, why, I mean, did you not want to speak or did you feel physically unable to speak? It was just too embarrassing because of the stutter. Too difficult. Yeah. Yeah. Can you tell us the story of how you started speaking again? Donald Crouch was a, an associate of Donald Crouch Was your teacher? Yeah. Robert Frost. He was, he was a college professor, but he ended up in, in this high school because he retired. He, he was a Mennonite farmer and he retired to his farm in Brethren, Michigan.


And he, the idea that there were kids down the road at this high school who were studying Chaucer and Shakespeare and stuff, he, he could, he couldn't stand it. So he came back and taught high school, you know, and he was the first a English teacher I had. Now, see, I'm stuttering again. He was the first English teacher I had. And he, he accepted that I, I didn't, I wasn't verbal that I wasn't oral that, that I, but he, he didn't like the idea that I could privately, subjectively enjoy poetry and not sounded out loud. He one day discovered that I wrote poetry, and he said to me, this poem is so good.


I don't think you really wrote it. I think you plagiarized it. Which was a shock to me. and I could admit that it was, it was Longfellow esque, but it was not certainly stolen from Longfellow. And he said, the way you can prove it to me that you wrote it, was to get in front of the class and recite it by heart. and I accepted the challenge and did it. And we both were realized then. We had a, a means we, we we had a a a way of regaining the power of speech through reading poetry. What was it about having words written down for you that made it easier for you To speak? Not that they were written down, but that they're rhythmic. I think you, you'll find many stutters today.


I'm trying to think of the, the country western singer who was a stutterer but does not study when he sings. But there are many, many cases like Mel Tillis. Thank you. Thank you Mel Tillis. And there are many cases like that, actors, singers, who don't have that problem when they are, when they are performing walk off stage and, and you can't understand the word they're saying. It is had to do with the rhythm. Rhythm carries us through. It does, does not, it smooths out those areas that allow the log jamming in the, in the, the stuttering to be triggered. So, so how does the stutter come back very much for you?


You've heard it several times now. It's always with me, you know, and I have to be careful not to talk too fast. It certainly becomes a problem whenever I do something emotional, whether in real life or as an actor, I hit an emotional speech, whether it's positive, emotional or negative. Yeah. Joy or, or pain. And that often leads to overload. and I have to be very careful. There was a, there was a time when my acting wa was affected by, I think Gladys Vaughan was the first to, to notice it. She said, when you get emotional, when you, when you o fellow, for instance, gets emotional, I sometimes believe you less. And it's because I'm being too careful.


You, you can't measure out emotionally. It has a flow. Has has, has your Othello ever stuttered? No, my, none of my characters ever studied except for the very first thing I did on Broadway. I played the role of Edward FDRs Houseboy Valet as a young, as a young man. And I had the line, Mrs. Roosevelt supper is served and I got hung on the, the mama word. Yeah. And it is funny, isn't it?


but it, because it's so ridiculous. And Mary Thickett, who was playing El Eleanor Roosevelt, was very patient. She just stood there and let me get through it. She knew the audience, knew that something was wrong, but she didn't wanna embarrass me any further by, by saying my line for me. Right. So she let me have, have my moment. I got through it. and I, it's never happened since. Now, what was it like in your early days as an actor, before you had the reputation, before you were James Earl Jones, and you'd go and talk to a casting director and you'd be stuttering when talking to them, and then you'd have to somehow convince them that on stage you were gonna be fine. I mean, casting directors I'm sure are pretty insecure about that kind of thing. No, I, there was never a problem. I don't know why, but it never was.


And to the by, by besides Marlon Brando and all the, the method actors had made stuttering a part of the way Americans talk. Oh, a part of like emotional truth that you're grasping so hard for that truth that Yeah. Yeah. Could you give us a sense of the kinds of exercises or the type of training that you had that helped you find the power in your voice? 'cause you have a very powerful voice. Oh, the exercises were, I, I gotta move back a bit. Okay. Sweet Peak, peak Hog calling, cattle calling.


That's something you, you did on the farm without having to go to a voice. My dad always said that the reason he became an actor was because even in grade school, and he didn't have a whole lot of it, but even in grade school, he was the loudest kid in class From calling the animal. He, so he was destined to be an actor. So, And that's kind of true though. Farm kids are never told hush. You wake the neighbors farm, kids are told, use your voice to get those, get those cows in here. So, so you think you developed that power on the farm long before acting class? Yeah. And, and also it is, it is also genetic. I, I inherited whatever resonating chambers my father possesses. They're not too dissimilar from Paul Robeson and another actor of my generation Jeffrey Holder.


So when, when, when the Doth Vader voice became a mystery, people thought as many people thought it was Jeffrey Holder as, as, as who thought it was me. And that, that has to do with just the, how a voice is produced. You know, how, how it, you know, How it resonates in the head and Everything. Yeah. In the head and in the body. Yeah. Well, I I think part of the, some of the advice that your voice teacher gave you is to not use the full power of your voice just to save some of it in reserve. What? Well, that, that, that's just good acting. Once you take your character to the limit, the Audi, the audience can tell that he has no more, there's no nothing in reserve. And they, they get less interested.


There's less suspense about what you're gonna do next. You know? Now your father was an actor. He was a boxer first, then he became an actor. but it sounds like your family wasn't really proud of that. I mean, you, you, you were raised by your grandparents. They didn't seem at all proud of That. I think they, they would've been proud that they became later proud of Joe Lewis and I. Think my, my grandfather was secretly proud of Jack Johnson as, as, as he was of Satchel Page, the baseball player. What About the acting part of, of his career? It sounds like you're, What, what, what what I'm getting at is Yeah, they just didn't understand it. Right. It was hard enough for them to understand a prize Fighter. Right. Making a real honest living. Yeah. Much less an a troubadour actor. I mean, that, that was just not within the comprehension.


These are people who, who we, we got our life from the, from the soil. And I'm very proud of that, that I had, that, I shared that, that kind of light with them. But they had no way of understanding Robert Earl. Right. And were very intolerant of him, and very, and very resistant to my ever my ever meeting him. I I didn't get to meet him until I was 21, until I was legal age. And my mother was a part of that too. She was, she was, it was a very bad marriage. And which I tried to explain to the book and tried to show both sides. I guess that's Part of the reason why you ended up being brought up by your grandparents. Oh, that, that was, yeah, that was the reason they, my mother wanted to, wanted to be a single mother. But my, my grandmother knew better that during the depression, it was hard enough for her to 20-year-old girl to, you know, manage her own life.


And she insisted that she found a way that to, to adopt, to adopt me. In, in your memoir voices and silences you, you devote a total of about a paragraph to Star Wars, to your, to your voices. Darth Vader and I got the impression that it's not something you really wanna call that much attention to. Are You kidding? Not, not true. It's just that I have very little to talk about. Oh, okay. Had I been one of the actors and given points, I would not only be wealthy, I'd be probably much better known. Are you got a flat fee? Oh yeah. I think George Lucas, first of all, realized he, that although David Pros was the actor he wanted, it was not the sound he wanted.


So he su sussed around for a technically, and, and symbolically a darker voice eventually came to me and said to Lucy, would Jenny like to earn a day's salary? The job took two and a half hours. They paid me all of $9,000, which was not bad for two and a half hours of work. Right. None of us knew what we had. Right. You know, and that was fine. Almost in, not out of embarrassment, but out, out of his traditionally, his, his, his, his non-traditional, traditional capitalism or lack of capitalism, George gave me a Christmas bonus that amounted to the same amount of money.


But I, I was, I was just acting as special effects. That's all that was. At the same time I was having done the great White Hope film, I'd become a member of the ca the board of directors of the Oscar board, you know, the Academy of Mo Motion, Patriot Arts and Sciences at a time when the controversy over whether Mercedes, MCC Cambridge deserved credit for contributions, contributions to the then Blair's voice, the devil, the devil comes Out in the, in the Exorcist. Yeah. In the Exorcist. and I thought there was a silly argument that I, I, I said to myself that all, all the Mercedes is, is special effects and I.


I wanted to keep that clear in, in my case. So I didn't even take credit for the voice of Dar Vader. Forgive me, I know this is a small part of your career, but I have to ask you about the CNN voice. I, the first time someone said to me, you know, I think that's James Earl Jones. I said, nah, you know, and I, there's no other. Right. And of course everybody knows this Now that you do the, the voice of, of CNN, why did you decide to take that on when you were offered it? Oh, I, oh, you asked me, what, what, what is the, the Star Wars involvement meant to me, what it did, it made my voice, what do you call it? Viable in, in, in the commercial world. But I don't know why, really, I, I, I avoided that great way to make a living and great craft unto itself.


But the Star Wars sort of put my, put my name in the, on the a list, as they say, out there for authoritative voices. So your attitude was why not take advantage of it? My attitude? Yeah. Oh, exactly. Yeah. I mean, why, why kick something that's gonna sit on your lap out of the house? I mean, I, I think the first commercials I did, I did one for, for Chrysler and one for Goodyear, and one for Fisher Fisher products audio products. And, and they, they asked me to just give us the sound of God, Goodyear Vector tires, you know, let, let God sell, sell Goodyear Vector tires.


No problem. They, they had no, no. They, they were, they were not embarrassed about saying that. You know? So do you have a voice of yours that you think of the voice of God? No. No. It just, that sound is let it goes as base as it can go and still be clear. Yeah. And, and to sound like, I mean it, there's not a product I've ever promoted that I don't use, including Wells, Lamont, gloves, work, working man's gloves, and Of course, the Yellow Pages and, and Ruben's dinners out in Ruben's chain of restaurants, or Orson Wells and Vincent Price and I once asked to, simply on a recording, read the menu with as much slobbering lustful sounds as, as we can conjure.


And we got paid for it. When you were getting started as an actor in, was it the fifties or the sixties that we're talking about? It was the fifties. Fifties, yeah. Was it hard for you as an African American actor to, to find roles? I laugh because I, I, I never want to contribute to the truth or the mythology about racism in this country in terms of the arts. There is some truth. My father warned me of that I think each to each generation gets better. But I don't wanna lay the fault at the door of race. I think anybody who's as talented is, I'll name you two or three, Courtney Vance, Ross Whitaker.


These young actors, anybody that talented, no matter how black they are, will never be denied. Long. The talent will, will, will break. You know, Marlon brand wasn't, wasn't all that fancy a person kid from the Midwest. Right. But there's no way to keep that talent from, from, I mean, Hollywood is, is is a moneymaking machine. And if, if you get enough say so-called black movies going and they make a lot of money, you better believe Hollywood's gonna be right there to hire those actors as, as they're doing with, with Denzel Wi Denzel Washington. Well, I, in non, you know, non-traditional ways, because it's called box office.


I, I think you're being very, very modest here. But no, I'm, I'm, I'm, But really, I mean, when you started acting, I'm being careful not to discourage young black people. Oh, No, I understand. From, from expressing themselves in artistic ways, because it's hard. but it is hard. But Hollywood did not have the faith in African Americans at the box office that they're starting to develop Now. Hollywood didn't have faith in women, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans. Yeah. Native Americans. It, it has no faith at all. It's not about faith, it's about habits, fads, spinoffs, you know, sequels, you know, Hollywood has some very bad habits and a lot of 'em are racist.


But I, I don't, I don't want to discourage kids from Yeah. Going bashing at the doors. One quick, very quick last question. Have you ever been in a kind of difficult situation, either on the verge of being mugged or given a traffic ticket that you didn't wanna pay, or something where you used your big authoritative voice to intimidate the other person? Last time I was mugging, it was multiple muggings. 'cause I, my first visit at St. Louis, Missouri at the age of 14, I was mugged several times when, one afternoon before I figured it out. What, what was going on. And in those days, you didn't always get killed when you got mugged. Right. You got surrounded by a bunch of kids that said, gimme your money.


I said, okay. Being a farm kid, what? You fight over a movie change. I, the idea of fighting didn't, didn't occur to me. So therefore, I, I was quite safe. The only time I've used the voice though, in my adult life was when I, I, I got my first CB Radio and I. I used the Doth Vader as my handle, panicked a few streets, a few people on cross country drive from New York to Los Angeles. and I've done, I've not done it since. That's Very funny. Well, James Earl Jones, I thank you so much for talking with us. It's really been a pleasure. Thank you. Immensely. Thank you. Thank you. James Earl Jones speaking with Terry Gross in 1993.


He died Monday at the age of 93 coming up. We also remember jazz guitarist, Russell Malone, and listen to his 2000 interview. And Justin Chang reviews the new film, his three daughters. I'm m Tanya Moseley, and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit. So the cards purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling, the Venture X business card grants access to over 1300 airport lounges. The Venture X business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash venture X business


Support for this NPR podcast. And the following message come from Carvana, the convenient way to buy a car online. Carvana has finance options, so you can customize your terms down to the penny or explore a different down and monthly payment options. Get pre-qualified for an auto loan in under two minutes@carvana.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsors Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow, sell without needing to code or design. Just bring your best ideas and Shopify will help you. Open up shop, sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


Russell Malone is known as one of the leading guitarist of his generation. Before starting his group, he performed with singer and pianist, Diana Crawl and Harry Connick Jr. Malone died last month at 60 while on tour in Japan. Self-taught Malone started playing music at the age of four on what he described as a green four string plastic guitar. He fell in love with jazz after watching George Benson perform on tv. At the time, Malone was just 12 years old. He was also influenced by Gospel blues and r and b country pop tunes and even cartoons. By the time he graduated from high school, he was playing gigs around Atlanta.


He started as a professional musician in 1988 when he went on tour with organist Jimmy Smith pianist. Bill Charla, who played with Malone, said he was an absolute natural musician. He had perfect time and rhythm, and you heard the whole history of jazz guitar and the way he played. Russell Malone recorded 10 albums. Let's listen to a track from his album, sweet Georgia Peach. This is the title track.


Terry Gross spoke with Russell Malone in 2000. Here's Malone singing and playing on the song. Be careful, it's my heart. Be careful. It's my heart. It's not my watch you are holding.


It's my heart. It's not the note I sent you that you Quickly Burn. It is not the book I lent you that you never retire. Be careful.


It's my heart. The heart with which Soul? Russell Malone from his recent cd, Luke, who's here, you strike me as somebody with a, a big voice when you're speaking, who's singing in a much quieter voice. So what reaction have you been getting? You know what, A lot of people really like that song. They like my rendition of it. And I'm not a singer. I can carry a tune. I I just sing the melody. And you know, when you got a good song like that, you don't have to try to sell it. All you have to do is just sing it. Because I mean, the lyrics are there, the melody is there.


And I mean, the, the, the harmony is, is of the song is great. So all you have to do is just sing it. A song you've recorded twice is Winlow Sweet Chariot. Both, both solo guitar versions. Is that one of the songs that you used to do in church? Yeah. In fact, I, I used to used to play it at funerals. I played it at my grandfather's funeral. Oh, swing Low Sweet Chariot. So it's a song that really means a lot to you. It's a song that, well, all of those songs mean a lot to me, but that one in particular, I have a, it, it, it really, my heartaches when I hear it, This is from your previous cd, which is called Sweet Georgia Peach.


This is Russell Malone, Russell Malone from his cd Sweet Georgia Peach Swing, low Sweet Chariot.


So a beautiful version of that. Now, you, you primarily taught yourself to play a guitar. So clearly you must have a very good ear. But what about things like fingerings? I mean, did you, what about it? Did you learn that yourself? Did you just like, make that up yourself? Or did you have people to, to suggest fingerings before? I Just, I just, I just figured it out. But you know, as I, you know, when you get older and you become more exposed to other players, you f you, you find out what they're doing and you try to, you try to pick up what, what you can from them. You know, I, every time I Jim Hall or George Benon or somebody like that is playing, I always make a point of going to, to check them out or, and, and if I'm lucky, sit down and watch them up close and try to, to walk away with something because nobody, I mean, there's only so much you can learn on your own.


Were there any things that you figured out on your own? And then you met a more experienced guitarist and realized that there was a better way of going about it. Better way of like, fingering the chord or whatever. And you had to unlearn what you taught yourself and learn something new, which can be very difficult. Well, I'll give you an example. I remember one time I was playing for Kenny Burrell. I picked up his guitar in the dressing room, and I started playing some solo guitar. And most guys, when they play solo guitar, they use the thumb. And when they play finger style, they use the thumb and the three or four fingers on the on, on, on, on the right hand. Now I was playing with a thumb and the index finger.


Now that may seem crude or wrong to somebody, but the music came out, right? And Kenny Barre said, Hey, man, that's a very unique way of approaching that, that, that, that style. George Benson, he, he saw me doing the same thing. He said, that's really weird, but it sounds so good. So it's, there's no right or wrong way to do anything. It's long as the music comes out, right? That's the bottom line. Dizzy Gillespie played wrong, technically. I mean, you didn't see any trumpet players playing with all that air in their cheeks. Wes Montgomery used a thumb when most guys were using a pick. But West Montgomery got around that guitar just as well, is the guys that were using a pick. So does that make it wrong?


No. The important thing is the music Guitarist Russell Malone speaking with Terry Gross in 2000. We'll hear more after a short break. This is Fresh Air


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Enbridge. Enbridge delivers the energy life demands safely, reliably, and sustainably. Since 2002, Enbridge has committed more than $7 billion to renewable energy and power transmission projects. So you have the energy you need today while being ready for what's ahead. Learn more@tomorrowison.com


Support for NPR and the following message come from Edward Jones. What is Rich? Maybe it's less about reaching a magic number and more about discovering the magic in life. Edward Jones Financial Advisors are people you can count on for financial strategies that help support a life you love. Edward Jones. Member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Twilio, a customer engagement platform that makes interacting with your customers on the right channel at the right time, in the right way, easy. Twilio powers meaningful customer interactions for more than 300,000 brands. Plus Gartner just named the company a leader for the second time in its 2024 Magic Quadrant for CPAs. Learn more at twilio.com/gartner.


You have a great story about the first time you sat in with the organist Jimmy Smith, when you were, you were still pretty young. Would you tell that story for us? Well, he was playing at a place called Pasco La Carousel in Atlanta. This was back in 1986. And I had been listening to Jimmy since I was kneehigh to a grass opera. So I knew his music and I got off my gig at the Holiday Inn and drove down to the club to see him play before he got on the bandstand. I mean, the way he walked around the club, the way he approached the bandstand, I mean, he just had this aura about him. I mean, they're just certain guys.


I, when they're away from their instruments, they're still swinging. They have this charisma, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mil Jackson was like that. Even when he was away from that bandstand, he was just still grooving man. And that's the way Jimmy Smith was. But anyway, when he got on the stand, on the stand, he, he, when he got on the bandstand, he played beautifully. And then he closed out the set, went over to the bar, and he was talking with this saxophone player, one of the local guys, a fellow by the name of Sil Austin. And so sill introduced me to Jimmy and said, Hey, you know, this is Russell Milone a fine up and coming young guitarist. He said, oh yeah. He said, you got your guitar?


I said, yes, it's in the car. So he made me go get my guitar and I came back and he played one or two tunes, and then he called me up to sing in with the band. and I had some of my buddies there with me, and I had my girlfriend at the time with me. So I'm feeling really good. And everybody was excited because here's the hometown kid getting a chance to sit in with the great Jimmy Smith. So he kicked off the first tune, which was the blues, and I'm feeling all good about myself and I'm playing all of this crowd pleasing nonsense that didn't have any substance to it. And the crowd went, wow. And you know, I'm, I'm catting up there feeling good.


So Jimmy's sitting back and he's paying attention to all of this. So he ended the tune, then he went into a ballad, which I didn't know, a tune called Laura by David Raskin. You know that tune? I do. And it's, it's, it's, it's a haunting melody, but it's also, it's, it doesn't have predictable, it doesn't have a predictable melody line or chords. See, that's the thing. See, that's one, that's not one of those tunes that you can just hear your way through. You have to really know that song. It's the theme from The movie, by the way. Yeah, yeah. For listeners who don't know it. Yeah. So you have to really know that song. So he's, he plays the melody and I'm here, I'm there trying to hear what he's doing.


And then after he finishes the melody, he motions for me to take the, the first solo. And the harder I struggle with the tune, the more complicated he made it for me. Because he started throwing in all of these different substitutions and changes and started doing tricks with the rhythm. and I was really embarrassed. I was mortified. So he ended the song and he says, yeah, it's Russell Malone on guitar. So I got off the bandstand, my spirit dragging, sat back down next to my girlfriend, and he looked over at me and sat on the mic. He says, now, whenever youngsters sit in with us, we always like to make sure that they learn something. And he looked at me and said, now did you learn something young man?


And I said, yes, yes. So anyway, he played one more tune end at the set, went back over to the bar and he's, you know, having a drink with some friends. So I was so embarrassed I was gonna leave, but I figured I better stay around and thank him for the opportunity. So I walked up to him and I was about to say, Mr. Mr. Smith, thank you for letting me sit in. But before I could get the sentence outta my mouth, he looked around and he said something to me. and I would never forget this, as long as I live, he looked at me and poked his finger in my chest and said, lemme tell you something. He saw all those guys that you're trying to play, like George Benson, Kenny Burrell, west Montgomery, pat Martino.


He gave me this long list of guitar players. He saw all of these guys that you're trying to play. Like I knew them and I taught them too. and I never forgot that. So anyway, I stayed around. I didn't leave. I stayed around until the last set was over, and then we went up to his dressing room at around midnight and we hung out there till like six 30 the next morning I had my guitar with me and I was playing for him. And he, you know, when you get, I don't know if you've ever met Jimmy Smith, but Jimmy is an interesting guy. He's, he's a bit of a character. And when there are a lot of people around, he tends to put on this act. You, you ever seen people like that when they have an audience, they, they put on this act, but when it was just the two of us, one-on-one, he, I got so much information from this man.


And you know, when, it's funny, whenever he would talk about Wes Montgomery and Bud Powell and Tatum and all of these people, he would get very emotional. You could see the tears welling up in his eyes. One of the things I really like about this story is that after he kind of makes a point of putting you in your place on the bandstand, then you become buddies, you know, like within an hour of that or an hour or two, you know, and you stay up all night together. He's teaching all these things. It's like he showed you up, but, but he really, apparently did mean well. And well, That's what you call, that's, that's, that's a perfect example of tough love. You know, tough love. It's just like, you know, here, I, I was this cocky kid and I I made the mistake of, and this was a very foolish mistake of thinking that just because I had heard, I'd listened to his records and I, you know, learned some of the solos or whatever, learned some of his songs.


I thought that that's the way it was gonna be. But I was in for a rude awakening. What, what are some of the musicians or, or some of the recordings you've listened to over the years that are quite a distance away from what you actually play, but you love what they do and it's influenced you in, in, in some way or another? You know, things that we You mean Aside from jazz? Yeah. Or even within jazz things that we Okay. We might be surprised that you really like and feel very strongly about. Oh, I like a lot of different things. Terry. There's one record that I've been listening to called New Moonshine by James Taylor. It came out about nine years ago, which is it's great record. Is the singer songwriter James Taylor.


James Taylor, yeah. And what, what Fire and Rain. James Taylor. Right, Right. Yeah. What, what, what, what do you hear in him? Well, James Taylor, he's got Honesty, man. I mean, he's got the passion and he writes great songs. The man writes good songs. Jim Croci, I like, I love Jim Croci. I like Paty Klein. I like Sam Cook as far as jazz goes. Let's see, one of my favorite records is a record that was recorded by Oscar Peter and a Mil Jackson and Ray Brown years ago called Very Tall Great record. I listened to a lot of different things. Terry. I'd be here all day telling you about what I listened to. You have a song that you do on your previous cd, the Sweet Georgia Peach CD called Someone's Rocking My Dream Boat.


I've never heard of that song before. Where did you find it? You're not gonna believe it when I tell you this. Are you ready for this? Yeah. Are you sure you're ready for this, Terry? I'm sitting down. Okay. Bugs Bunny, I kid you not, What did you He sing it in a cartoon. 'cause Bugs is the great quad villian of the of, of the, of the Warner Brothers cartoons. But there, you listen, you, you, you, you, you watch some of those old cartoons and there are a lot of great songs in there. But this one day I was watching Bugs Bunny and he was skipping through the forest singing this song, Sam Wines Rock. And my dream about p someone's invading my dream.


We were sailing along and singing this song and suddenly something went wrong and I was just so taken by the melody. And so I, I said, I gotta find this tune. So I found a recording of the ink spots doing it. Remember the ink spot? Sure do. If I didn't care and would I be sure that this is love Bianca here? Would all this be true if I didn't care for you anyway so much for that? No, but the ink spots I have recording of the ink spots doing that Tune and I, I had to record it. I should play that again. I haven't played it in a while. Oh, It's a great song. It's great. One extreme to another Bugs Bunny to the Ink spots.


Yeah. Bugs Bunny. That's the way I first heard that tune. Yeah. Well, I think it's only fitting that we end with Someone's rocking my dream boat. Mm. Russell Malone, it's been great to talk with you. Thank you very much. Thank you Terry.


That's Russell Malone. He spoke to Terry Gross in 2000. He died late last month. Coming up Justin Chang reviews the new film. His three daughters, This is Fresh Air


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Onset with Onset with from HGTV and Max takes you behind the scenes of the most iconic sets from the shows that changed television history. Step inside the Sopranos, the White Lotus Friends, and more with the people who designed these worlds. The production designers set decorators and visual collaborators who brought viewers favorite locations to life. Listen to onset with on Max or wherever you get your podcasts.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Capella University. Capella's programs teach skills relevant to your career so you can apply what you learn right away. See how Capella can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu,


Celebrate the women who shaped music history with NPRs new book, how Women Made Music from Beyonce to ota, Joan Jet to Dolly Parton. This beautiful book is filled with interviews, original writing, illustrations, photos, and more. Also available as an audio book featuring interview excerpts with legendary musicians. Visit npr.org/how women made music to Pre-order. Now


In the movie his three daughters, Carrie Coon, Elizabeth Olson, and Natasha Leone, play Sisters who've gathered at their father's bedside during his final days. It's the latest from Azazel Jacobs, the writer and director of earlier independent dramas, mama's Man and French Exit. It's now playing in theaters and begins streaming September 20th on Netflix. Our film critic Justin Chang, has this review. Over the years, I've seen more than my share of dysfunctional family movies and terminal illness movies and even the good ones have trouble sidestepping cliches. So it says something that his three daughters, which is about a dysfunctional family, coping with a terminal illness doesn't feel like a retread.


The writer director Oz Azel Jacobs has a knack for putting a fresh, intelligent spin unfamiliar material from the high school misfit comedy Terry to the playful marital drama. The Lovers, his latest, his three daughters is a sharply written and beautifully modulated chamber piece set over a few days inside a lower Manhattan apartment where three women have gathered to bid farewell to their father Vincent, who's in hospice care. Carrie Kon plays Katie the oldest of the three sisters. She lives in Brooklyn with her husband and teenage daughter, but she hasn't been around to visit her dad much lately.


Elizabeth Olson plays the youngest Christina, who's flown in from her home, thousands of miles away. And then there's Rachel, that's Natasha Leone. She lives with Vincent in this apartment and has been looking after him for some time. Rachel is estranged from her two sisters for reasons that aren't initially clear. Jacobs drops us right into the thick of the tension, then gradually fills in the larger picture. Some of the friction stems from the fact that Katie and Christina are essentially outsiders on Rachel's turf. Rachel can claim some moral high ground since she's been taking care of their dad while they've been busy living their lives and raising families of their own.


Adding to the two against one dynamic is the fact that Rachel isn't biologically related to her sisters or their father. After Vincent's first wife died, he married Rachel's mom and raised Rachel as his own. As Rachel makes needlessly clear to her sisters. She's no less his daughter than they are. There are money and class issues too. Katie looks down on Rachel claiming all she does is smoke weed all day and make money through sports gambling. And then there's the matter of real estate. In this contentious conversation, Katie insinuates that Rachel has been taking care of Vincent, partly because of her enviable living situation From the beginning.


I've understood I was in your place. It's your place too. I know it. You know it. But you live here. You were on the lease, Right? That's the second time he mentioned this lease. What is that? What? What are you trying to say? And you brought it up too outside. So what's up with this? Nothing. Just the fact when he dies, this becomes your place. Oh, and you think that's what I want, that I give a about the place. Sorry. Let's, Let's just keep our voices down. We need to be able to hear his room. Okay. I don't think either of us are trying to imply anything other than what's Understood. Understood. Come on Rachel. Of course you care about him. But this place is a good deal. Let's be truthful about it. Nobody has rent like this in the city. I mean, just about it doesn't exist.


This is good. I'm happy for you. I want you to have it In this and every other scene. The acting and the writing have such specificity that you feel you know these characters intimately. Few actors can make anger more mesmerizing than Carrie Coon and her Katie is testy and judgmental even, or especially when she tries to seem reasonable. It's hard not to side a lot of the time with Natasha Leon's Rachel, who lets the expletives fly as she pushes back defensively against Katie's insinuations. That leaves Christina in the tough role of peacemaker. She's earnest and open-hearted by nature, something that comes out when she describes her deadhead past in Elizabeth Olson's.


Quietly Moving Performance, we see a woman who often suppresses her feelings to spare those of others. What distinguishes his three daughters from so many movies of its type is that while it's certainly talky, it never feels as if the characters are trying to explain themselves to you. Rather than coughing up large chunks of backstory, their interactions have the pull of honest, free flowing conversation. Much of the dialogue is taken up with the practical and wholly relatable end of life details. The difficulties of writing an obituary or arranging a do not resuscitate order, or even dealing with a well-meaning, but slightly exasperating hospice care worker.


I haven't seen many movies that so acutely understand the role food plays in a situation like this, where the act of cooking meals for your family or making sure there's always fresh coffee can be both a drag and a welcome distraction. Vincent himself is off camera for most of the movie. Sleeping quietly in his room, though Jacobs wisely gives him and JO Sanders the actor playing him a beautiful moment in the film's last act. The question hanging over his three daughters is whether the sisters will overcome their estrangement and remain family. After Vincent's gone.


Jacobs doesn't force a resolution, though he does end on a note of hard won understanding that I found both optimistic and deeply affecting. He's made a movie that in the shadow of Death says something essential about how we live. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed his three daughters on Monday Show Award-winning actor Deme Moore. She stars in the new horror film, the Substance as an aging actress who uses a black market drug to create a younger, better version of herself, at least temporarily more says she took the role because she was fascinated with the internal horrors many women and midlife silently deal with in their quest to remain youthful.


I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our senior producer today is Roberta Shorrock. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Herzfeld, and Al Banks. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annmarie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Crile, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, Susan Kudi, and Joel Wolfram. Our digital media producers are Molly Ccb Nesper and Sabrina Seaward.


For Terry Gross, I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from ShipBob. The holidays start earlier every year. So get your e-Commerce Logistics in ship shape now with ShipBob. They'll fulfill orders across all the places you sell. Get a free quote at S-H-I-P-B-O b.com. ShipBob


support for NPR and the following message come from Betterment. The automated investing and savings app, CEO Sarah Levy shares how betterment utilizes tech tools powered by human advice. Betterment is here to help customers build wealth their way, and we provide powerful technology and complete human support where technology can deliver ease of use and affordability. And the people behind that technology can provide advice and guidance. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk performance, not guaranteed.