
This message comes from DSW. Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian Cooley. Today we remember Brian Wilson, founder of the Beach Boys. His death was announced Wednesday by his family. He was 82 years old. Brian Wilson was the creative force behind The Beach Boys, the most popular singing group of the early 1960s until they were unseated by the Beatles. He was the lead singer of the Beach Boys, and wrote, produced, and arranged their songs, which included the early number one hits. I Get Around and Help Me, Rhonda. Later, more intricate and ambitious compositions included another number one hit Good Vibrations as well as God Only Knows a song Paul McCartney praised as one of the greatest songs ever written.


I may not always love you, long as there are stars. Love You. You never need You, daddy. I'll make you so If you believe Me. Life God Only Knows was from the 1966 album Pet Sounds, which Rolling Stone has ranked as one of the greatest rock albums ever recorded.


Other songs on that album, which Wilson crafted in the studio two years after stepping down from touring with the group included. Wouldn't it be Nice Sloop John b and a song which provided the title for a documentary Made About him in 1995? I just wasn't made for these times. Brian Wilson was born in Inglewood, California in 1942 and raised in suburban Los Angeles with his brothers Carl and Dennis cousin Mike Love and others. They formed a musical group exploring harmonies, celebrating the Southern California Surfing Craze and relying on Brian Wilson's catchy melodies and musical arrangements. His father, Murray Wilson became their manager, but also was controlling and abusive.


Brian Wilson stopped touring with the group in 1964. After suffering his first nervous breakdown. He was hallucinating and paranoid and diagnosed with what is now called Schizoaffective disorder. Eventually, he became reclusive and overweight then resurfaced in the mid seventies after being treated by psychotherapist Eugene Landy Landy, however, proved justice controlling as Brian Wilson's father. Once Brian resumed recording, Landy became not only his manager, but his musical collaborator before they parted ways. In 1991, after a family intervention later in life, Brian Wilson recovered sufficiently to record a few more albums and even to tour.


In 2007. He was a recipient of the Kennedy Center Honors, but his mental illness lingered and he struggled with dementia in the years before his death. We're going to listen back to two of Terry's interviews with Brian Wilson. The first was in 1988 when he was still under the care of Eugene Landy. Brian Wilson had just released his first solo album since leaving The Beach Boys, a project for which he not only wrote and arranged the songs, but played most of the instruments and sang both lead and backup vocals. Terry started by playing the album's, opening Track, love and Mercy. I was sitting, I was It's Love and Mercy from Brian Wilson's new solo album, Brian Wilson.


Welcome to Fresh Air. Hi. How are you, Terry? On the new album, you play most of the instruments, you, you record most of the voices yourself. When you write a song, do you hear all the harmonies in your head as you write it? All the vocal harmonies? Yeah, I do. I hear most of 'em in my head as I write 'em. We used to go do the whole group at once, you know, the Beach Play group. We'd all do the, we'd do all the voices in one thing, on one microphone, you know, but well, sometimes we, we use two and three microphones depending on how we wanted it to sound, but, so we did these. But, but with my solo album, it's like, it's a, it's a venture into one at a time land. You know what I mean? You go one at a time, you know, you do 'em one at a time.


Yeah, one at a time. Yeah, one voice at a time. Yeah. How would you teach the harmonies to the Beach Boys when you were working with them? When I worked with the Beach Boys, I te I taught them one at a time also, you know, and, and then we all, we would rehearse as a group and then we'd put it on tape and we'd go to the microphone and put it on tape. So You'd sing the part to each of them? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. How do you think the Beach Boys feel about you going solo? Do they mind? No, I don't think so. I don't think the Beach Boys mind at all. No, I think they're happy. They con We had a corporation, we had a corporation meeting in, in Chicago three weeks ago, and Al and Carl both con congratulated me on the success of my album. You've said that your early sound was influenced by the four freshmen.


Yeah, yeah. Now, a lot of people would've thought of the four freshmen as being a really square right group in their harmonies. What did you really like about them? What did I like? I liked the, the way they blended their voices, you know, the sound they made as they blended their voices. I liked, I thought they were great. I didn't see anything wrong with the four freshmen at all. What else did you listen to when you were young? I listened to Rosemary Clooney and the four freshmen and just different people, you know. How did you start singing in falsetto and how did you figure out that you could have a falsetto voice? Well, because I used to practice my, the freshman with a high voice in the freshman, the poor freshman, and his name was Bob Flanagan, and I practiced along with him.


Whenever I'd hear freshman songs, I'd sing along with the high Note, you know, and I, I got into a habit of singing high and when the Beach Boys and when the Beach Boys came along, I just took that, that habit of mind, that that habit, bad or good, just a habit of singing high, you know? So then I started saying, Hey, I sound like a girl up here. So I got into it and I got into it. You know, The first songs that you wrote Yeah. And recorded were surf songs. Now, you'd never surfed yourself. Right. What was the inspiration for for writing surfing songs? My inspiration for writing surfing songs goes back to my brother Dennis, who drowned, of course, in 1983. In December of 1983, he, he asked me if I would be interested in writing a song about surfing.


Hold it. Ooh, Excuse me. I had a yawn. And I said, sure, I'll try it. And I tried it and about, and about a month later we were on the Los Angeles charts on the la the Los Angeles charts with surfing. You know, You were actually afraid of water yourself, right? Oh, yeah. I have a, an aversion to water. I don't know what it is. I don't know exactly what it is. Could be, could be that I think I saw somebody drown in a pool once this guy drown. And I, and I saw the ambulance come get him at the, you know, and I was, it kind of scared me to death, and I think that turned me off to water. Did you have to pretend like you were a surfer when the Beach Boys first got started?


No, not at all. We didn't, we didn't play the role of surfers. We sang about surf song Surf and Girls, but we did not, you know, you know, whatever. I wanna play one of your early surf records. This is What song is that? This is Catch a Wave. Catch A Wave. Oh yeah. Okay. It's, the production on this is, is just terrific. There's a, there's a harp. There's a, an organ. Yeah. Great. Touches on it. Just would just say a little bit about how you produced this record. Catch a Wave. Yeah, yeah. That was Michael and I wanted to do something where we would display the high voice, the medium voice, and the bass voice all in one record, you know, different at different intervals, you know what I mean? Not all, all at one sometimes, but separate from each other, you know?


And it starts at, don't be afraid, you try to grade. That's the bass part, right? It was my voice and am like, and then he was in the middle too, so he sang Bass and Midland. I sang, hi. What about the instrumentation? The instrumentation was just two guitars, a piano, drums, and a harb and stuff like that. Okay, let's hear it. Catch a wave. Okay. Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the, don't be afraid, turn Around and Raise.


That's all there is to the cosign praise. You gotta catch. Not just, it's been going on so long. They'll, Their words with a fork, spoon and watch. We'll hit the road and I'll be surfing Soon. And when they Catch, they'll, I dunno If you listen to your old records very much, but what goes through your mind when you hear that?


Well, a lot of stuff, when I hear old records, it just flats through my mind. You mean in, in my, in as far as my opinion of what it sounds like or my sentimentality to it? Both. Well, I feel, first I feel more artistically aware than sentimental. You know, my first reaction is usually an artistic, like, oh, I think, I think my voice flatted, I wish I had just taken a few more minutes to get it right in the studio, you know, you know, young and impulsive, right? Young, young and restless. Want to get through, want to get outta here, wanna go swimming, want to go to a movie, you know? So that's how it used to happen to me. And then, and then the, the, the sentimental value would creep in and I'd think, oh gosh, you know, how could I have made a record that great? You know? And that kind of thing crosses my mind too. So there's artistic criticism, self-criticism, and then there's sentimentality.


Those two ingredients go into that. What About thinking about thinking back to how you felt at the time you recorded it? Oh, well, I, the way I felt, you mean? Well, it was kind of like, when I was in my twenties, early twenties, I was full of energy, right? I mean, I, I darted around. I could, I could do anything. I could produce a record, I could go to a movie, I could go running, I could do anything, you know what I mean? When I was in my early twenties, I was a real bombardier. I mean, I was really a hustler, you know? And now, And now I've slowed down a little bit, but, but because I've been exercising so much lately, I'm getting back my, I'm getting my second wind in life. You know what I mean? It's not like being 22 again or 24, but it's still, it's still a, it, it's, it's odd, you know, you go through these trips in your life where you, when you're, how old are you?


37. 37. I always have to think. Gosh. I mean, can you remember what it's like to be 22? It is just Like a little bit, yeah. You can sort of remember, but like, when you get a little older, you sort of slow down a little bit. Right. You know? And that's the one thing I don't wanna do is slow down. 'cause I don't wanna die, so I'm gonna keep going real fast. When you were writing songs like fun, fun, fun. Yeah. Did you think of yourself as having a lot of fun? Well, Mike came up with those words, but yes, I did think of myself as having fun, fun, fun. But he mostly, 'cause he wrote those lyrics, he wrote that, that part of the lyrics. Okay. Now you also wrote a lot of really melancholy songs. Yes. And on Pet Sounds, for instance, you have a wonderful song. I-I-I-I-I wasn't made for these times.


Oh yeah. When you wrote a I just wasn't made for these times. Yeah. Was that how you were feeling When I wrote that, it was like, I really was feeling that way. Yes, I was, because I felt that I was being rejected by some of my friends, you know, for what, who knows? You know, just, I just felt a rejection from the public. I can't explain it, you know, anymore than that. It was, it was a very super personal thing. It was a personal thing that I cannot really go into. 'cause it's too deep. Well, I wanna play some of that song. Okay. And this is, this is from your 1966 album, pet Sounds, which is really one of the legendary albums in Yes. In the history of, In in the history of rock and roll. Yes. Yeah. And do you wanna say anything else about what you were feeling when you wrote this?


Sure. I felt, I had prayer sessions, prayer sessions with my brother Carl. And we both prayed for people's safety and wellbeing. We made this album with, with, with, with the fact that love was going to be the, the predominant theme in the album with, of course, artistic and entertaining kind of music going on at the same time. But the love came from the voices that we did. And we got into a little trip where we were gonna bring some spiritual love to the world, you know? And we really did. You know, we actually did because we wanted to in our souls, you know, we both felt the calling, you know, so why not pray for this album and nurture it along and pray and have prayer sessions? You know, it was a religious experience like taking, some people think that psychedelic drugs are a religious experience, you know?


And that's how I felt about pet sounds. Okay. So from Pet sounds, this is Brian Wilson's, I just wasn't made for these times. I keep looking for a place to Fit in Where I can speak my Mind. And I've been trying hard to find people that I brave. I wish Each time Happen again.


I, When you were recording the record, that we just heard an excerpt of pet sounds, I think that was during a period when you were doing a lot of drugs.


Yes, I was. How did the drugs affect your music, both in, in the, the good ways and the bad ways that, that are Affected you? Well, the bad ways, there's no way drugs can influence music in a bad way. That's a mis mis that's a misnomer, or it is not. No way It can, drugs can influence music in a bad way. No, no music, I don't understand. Unless you feel that somebody would make, unless you call heavy metal, a very negative statement, you know, a very obtrusive, a very unartistic, or let's say destructive kind of a music. You can, you go on drugs and make music, yes. On drugs, you know, but you're much better to make music, often drugs. 'cause you can see the overall picture better. When you make music on drugs.


You're too concerned with this line or that line or that voice or this and that, you know, other than just being behind it all the way behind it and, and putting, putting together music from, from, from a higher standpoint than drugs can take you. So are you saying that you'd used drugs for inspiration, but when you actually recorded, you tried to not be high? Is that What you're saying? Oh no, no. High in the studio, no. Okay. You went through a period of time where you barely left the house and didn't do much re recording or, or or producing at all. What did you do during that time? What was life like For you? Well, I, I, I took a lot of drugs. I kept taking more and more drugs to get away from the, the radically bang, nerve wracking aspects of life. You know, I kept telling myself, turn it down, somebody turn it down.


You know, that's like a way of saying, Hey, cool, it, you know, it's like, turn it down, it's too loud, you know? And I got, I got through, I went through some of that and you know, like everybody does, everybody goes through that turn it down thing, you know, where they want it down lower, not quite so loud. Maybe down here, you know, a little lower Besides drugs and stuff. What gave you pleasure? Well, What gave me pleasure? Well, when I heard of first Phil Spectrum record on the radio, I said, you know, Phil, that Phil knows exactly what to put out there. He knows, he knows the formula, the secret, you know, of rock and roll. And I used to look up to the guy and then I said to myself, you know, you can't all your life walk around idolizing somebody. You gotta do your own thing. You know, It's really a thrill to hear a new record from you and also to have the opportunity to sit across the table from you.


Thank you. And, and interview you. And I was wondering how you feel about being back in the public eye like this again, it's really been a long time since you've done interviews and, and appeared before the public. I've, it's just been, it's just been so long that it's such a all so, so, so that has so much impact on me. You know, I haven't done this kind of a promotional tour ever since like the Early Beach Boy days, you know? Yeah. It's a long time ago. It Really is. It was like 25 years ago, I guess. We, we, we were into that, into that. Oh, I'm telling you, it was something, How are you pacing yourself? Well, I'm not smoking cigarettes and I'm not doing things like that for crutches. You know, people sit and have a cigarette break every 10 minute. Right? Well, I don't do that anymore. I don't smoke cigarettes. 'cause cigarettes are bad for me.


They give you cancer. Who in the world would wanna smoke cigarettes knowing that they give you cancer? You know what I mean? I would like to end with another selection from your new album, and I want to play one for the Boys, which is an homage to the Beach Boys, where you do all the voices. Yeah. Tell us a little bit about what you're doing here. On The Voices. Yeah, on that song, one for the Boys, it was all sort of a little, a little song in tribute to the Beach Boys. And it, and it has no instruments on it, just voices. It had 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 10 different vocal vocal tracks going. I, I put 'em on all one at a time and it was like done with the four freshmen in mind.


It's a tribute to the four freshmen and the Beach Boys both, you know? And I was most proud to make that song because it sounds so pretty and I hope people like it. And you do all the voices on It. Yes, I do. I did all the voices on it. Thank you so much. You welcome. For joining us and I wish you the best. Thank you. One Here, Brian Wilson spoke with Teri Gross in 1988.


After a break, we'll listen to another of their conversations from 10 years later. And Ken Tucker reviews two albums by artists influenced by Country and folk music. One from newcomer Ken Pomeroy, the other from Veteran Composer and Performer Willie Nelson. I'm David Bian Cooley, and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Rocket Money. Smart Money Moves are all about getting more out of every dollar. With Rocket Money you can easily find for guidance subscriptions and have them negotiate bills for you, saving you money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash Fresh Air today.


This message comes from strawberry.me. You've worked hard to get where you are, but what's next? Strawberry Me Career Coaching helps professionals like you take the next big step with confidence by matching you with a certified career coach who understands your goals and challenges. This isn't just advice, it's a personalized results driven approach To uncover hidden strengths, overcome obstacles, and accelerate your career growth. Visit strawberry.me/npr to claim your $50 credit.


This message comes from Instacart. Instacart is on a mission to have you not leave the couch this basketball season. Between the pre-game rituals and the post-game interviews, it can be difficult to find time for everything else. Let Instacart take care of your game day snacks or weekly restocks and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes because they hear it's bad luck to be hungry on game day. Download the Instacart app today and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days, excludes restaurants.


Let's continue our remembrance of Beach Boys founder Brian Wilson, whose death was announced this week by his family. He was 82 years old. Teri Gross. Spoke with Brian Wilson again 10 years later in 1998. In the interim, he had parted ways with his former therapist manager remarried, adopted two babies and just released his first album of new songs in a decade. It was called Imagination. And featured some 90 vocal tracks, all of which were sung by Brian Wilson. Terry began by playing a song from the album titled, this Is Your Imagination. Another Car Running Fast, I take, And Brian Wilson, welcome back to Fresh Air.


It's a great pleasure to have you here. Hi, how are you? This is your first CD of new songs in 10 years. Why now? Well, because I was a little bit hurt because the first one didn't sell very well, so I kind of felt hurt about, that's why I laid off for quite a long time in the main. But in the interim I wrote a lot of songs with my friends. I have about 45 songs that I've written that we didn't put on on the new album. When you say that you were hurt that the other record didn't do so well, I mean, how exactly did it affect you? Well, I, I expected it to be a very big album because it was a good album and it didn't sell very much at all. So I felt kind of hurt by that. Now, on your new cd, you've recorded all the vocal parts yourself, you do all the voices on it, right?


What's your technique for doing that? Well, the technique is, is is many things. One technique is we do one track and then we do it over again and again and again. Four times the same track, reinforcing each note stronger and stronger. Yep. So, so you're not singing harmony yet, you're singing the same note on each of these tracks? Well, no, we're sing harmony, but each note of the harmony has 4, 4, 4 on the same. You know what I mean? Yeah. What, why is that? Just to make it kind of bigger, To make it bigger and fatter and nicer sounding. Yeah. So it makes it sound almost like a whole curtain of voices, like a whole background of voices instead of just a couple of people singing harmony.


Yeah. Right. Exactly. I wanna play another track from the new cd and this is a song called Happy Days. And I understand this is a song you started many years ago. Yeah. When did you start it? In 1970. I wrote two verses and we recorded it by the Beach Boys and we shelved it, we junked it 'cause it wasn't appropriate music for us. What, what was inappropriate about it? Well, it just didn't sound right. It, it had the, had the wrong kind of sound for the Beach Boys. It was too much of a departure. W was it too sad? Yeah, it was too sad. It really was. W would would you recite one of the verses for us from the early part of the song that you thought was too sad for the Beach Boys?


I once was so far from life, no one could help me. Not even my wife. Sad lyrics. Yeah. I once felt so far from life. Do you, you don't feel that way anymore? No. No. And I feel much a part of life. Yeah. Why don't I play the song and then we can talk about how you've produced it and as our listeners will hear, it has an unusually discordant beginning here It is.


I used to be That's Happy Days from Brian Wilson's new cd Imagination.


The beginning is so discordant, it's such a different kind of sound for you both in terms of the vocal harmonies and and the music. Yeah. Behind the Voices. Tell me about why you wanted that sound on this. I wanted it to sound like it was something I was going through depict. I wanted it to depict the mood of my life at that time. And then it did, it depicted it In in in the record. It almost sounds like there's a, a newscast or a radio broadcast mixed into The background. Oh, yeah. That was meant to, to depict the confusion in my life. That was the confusion part of it.


So as If you, like, you were picking up different signals that didn't, didn't belong. Right, exactly. Is it, is that what you were feeling then, that you were hearing things that you shouldn't have been hearing? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. What kind, what kind of things were you hearing? Voices in my head. Auditory, just auditory hallucinations and stuff like that. Did that interfere with your music? No. It, no, no, I was able to, to isolate the music from the voices. Tell me more about producing happy days and what else was in your thinking about how it should sound? Well, I wanted it to sound mellow with a little bit of love, but not too much love. And I wanted to depict the mood of my life, you know, as my life got happier, the voices got happier.


How has your life changed in the past few years? Well, it's changed quite dramatically with my new wife and my new babies. I have a whole, I have a whole new lease on life now. It's just wonderful. I think you got married in 1995. Yeah. And you've adopted two children since then, right? Right. What's it like for you being a father the second time around your, your, your daughters Oh, are grown now and are famous in their own right. Yeah. Right. Well, I wasn't a very good dad to my, to my early, my, my original daughters. I wasn't really a good dad to them, but I'm a lot closer to my new babies now than I ever was. It's like a brand new world, you know, has opened up. Now also, you're, another thing that's changed in your life is that you're no longer in therapy with Eugene Landy.


Right. And I'm wondering how that relationship ended up splitting up. Well, he was forced to leave, you know, because he had, he had control of my life for like nine and a half years. And that was a long time to ago. His relationship with you was very controversial. Several people in your family thought that he was taking advantage of you financially and controlling you psychologically. And they, they even sued him because of that. So how has it changed your life to no longer be in therapy with him? Well, it's made it a little bit easier for me. Not quite as hard to live day by day, you know, day to day. But I miss him, you know, in some ways too.


What do you miss about him? His personality? Are you still in any form of therapy? No, No, no. I have a doctor. I see a psychiatrist. Yeah, I do. Brian Wilson speaking to Teri Gross in 1998 more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


The House of Representatives has approved a White House request to claw back two years of previously approved funding for public media. The Rescissions package now moves on to the Senate. This move poses a serious threat to local stations and public media as we know it. Please take a stand for public media today@goapr.org. Thank you.


Decades ago, Brazilian women made a discovery they could have an abortion without a doctor thanks to a tiny pill. That pill spawned a global movement helping millions of women have safe abortions regardless of the law. Hear that story on the network from NPRs embedded and Futuro Media. Wherever you get your podcasts.


Fall in love with new music every Friday at all songs considered. That's NPR R'S Music Recommendation podcast. Fridays are where we spend our whole show sharing all the greatest new releases of the week. Make the hunt for new music a part of your life. Again. Tap into new music Friday from all songs considered available wherever you get your podcasts.


You're seen so differently now than you were when the Beach Boys got started, you know, in the sixties. I think a lot of people saw the Beach Boys as you know, great performers. But you know, there were a, a teenage act that sang about surfing and now of course you're seen as one of the great geniuses of rock and roll, both as a a a as a songwriter, as a performer, and as a producer. And I'm wondering how that change in how you are seen has affected you and how you see yourself. I see myself as primarily a singer and after that, maybe a producer and, and a writer songwriter.


But my main forte in life is singing. Of course. No. Now why do you see yourself primarily as a singer? I mean, you've written so many great songs and I know, I know, but I just, I feel that I feel the need to sing more than I do anything else. You know, it's kind of like that. So when you're not working on a new record, when you're not in the PR studio, are you still singing a lot? Oh yeah. I sing every day at the piano. I go to my piano at least once a day and sing. And do you always sing your own songs? Do you ever sing songs by other people? I sing all kinds of songs. I sing songs from Phil Specter, from myself and other people. What are some of the songs that you particularly love right now?


By, by other people that meet that we might be surprised that you like, Oh, I like a bird Backrack. Walk on by. I like Phil Specter. Walking in the Rain, walking in the Rain records like that. Really cool records. Did you feel like you learned things from Burt Bach's production too? Yeah, I actually, I did, I learned about chord changes and melodic, melodic thought. And Chuck Berry, of course, was probably the biggest influence on my, my melody. Writing The Beach Boys with, without you being part of them, have, have managed to, you know, continue their career by singing their old songs in performance.


You never made yourself into an oldies act? No. And I'm wondering, you know, on the one hand it's, it's, it's, it's easy to do that, you know, to kind of get by on, on work. You've already done songs you've already written. Yeah. On the other hand, you always have new songs that are going through your head, right. New songs that you wanna write and, and record. Do you ever wish that you were the kind of person who could be happy playing the old songs? Yeah, all the time. I think of that all the time. I'm wondering why I can't be happy with those old songs. It's just a strange feeling. I, I mean it's like a nostalgia thing, you know? It's just, I need those old songs a lot.


I really do. What is your current favorite of your old songs? I like California Girls the most. I think I, I I'm partial to California Girls. Why is that? I don't know. I think the sound of the record, the way the record was starts out, the, the courses in the record I thought were really good. Why don't I give that a spin, but before I do, would you tell us a little bit about producing that record? Yeah. I was 23 years old and I went in the studio and I said, I'm gonna cut a number one record. So before I went in the studio, I went to my piano and I said, I wanna cut a shuffle beat like the J Chu like that. And I kept working and working it until I got a Bapa baseline and then all of a sudden I just, the song just fell together like, I like magic.


It fell together. Did you write the lyric for it? Mike Love and I did, yeah. And, and were you going through a period of girl watching, so to speak? Not really Going through a period. We've always been that way. Mike and I have always been Girl Watchers, you know, so made it easy to write those lyrics. Right. Okay. Well let's hear it. California Girls, Well, east Coast Girls Styles, they and the southern girls with the way they've talked, they knock me out when I'm the elder.


The Midwest daughters will make you feel. And the northern girls with the way they night, I wish they, they California. I wish they, That's the Beach Boys. And My guest is Brian Wilson. You had a chance to remix some of your old music for, I mean, with Pet sounds.


With Pet sounds, yeah. 'cause there was a new CD box of that that included a remix mono version, a new stereo mix. Yeah. As well as outtakes. What was it like for you to rework old music of yours? Was it like, it was, it was like a big nostalgia trip, a sentimental trip that, that really took a lot out of me to go through that. It was probably the best album I ever produced, so I was very, I was very into it. What were you going through in your life while you were producing Pet Sounds? I was going through a happy time. It was just a very happy time in my life. What was happy about it? It Was very, it was very well, I, my, I was very happy about the Beach Boys success and I was very much in tune with the competitive aspect of life and the business.


And just, just from there I rambled on, you know, What were the new techniques that you tried in the studio for Pet Sounds? I tried to mix different instruments together to make a, a third sound, like an organ and a piano mixed together to make a third sound. I just used, I did a lot of mixing of instruments together. Well, and I used, and I used Echo very well. Is there a track that you think is, is is your favorite from, from the record? Yeah. I like Caroline. No the Best. Oh, that's a great song too. Yeah. Yeah. Brian Wilson, I wanna thank you very much for talking with us. Thank you very much.


I used to, but that's not true.


Brian Wilson speaking to Teri Gross in 1998, the founder of the Beach Boys and composer of their most memorable music has died at age 82. Mike Love noted his cousin's passing on the Beach Boys account on Instagram by writing. Brian Wilson wasn't just the heart of the Beach boys, he was the soul of our sound. Coming Up rock critic Ken Tucker reviews two new albums from Artists Steeped in Country and Folk music One's a 22-year-old newcomer Ken Pomeroy. The other is a 92-year-old, old timer Willie Nelson. This is Fresh Air


These days. There is a lot of news it could be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR as a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, the backstory, an analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR


On the Planet Money Podcast. The economic world we've been living in for decades was built on some basic assumptions, but the people who built that world are long gone. And right now those assumptions are kind of up here, like the dollar as the reserve currency. Is that era over? If so, what could replace it and what does that mean for the rest of us? Listen to the Planet Money Podcast. From NPR, wherever you get your podcasts,


Keeping Up with the news can feel like a 24 hour job. Luckily, it is our job. Every hour on the NPR News Now podcast, we take the latest, most important stories happening and we package 'em into five minute episodes so you can easily squeeze 'em in between meetings and on your way to that thing. Listen to the NPR News Now podcast.


Now, Our rock critic, Ken Tucker, has been listening to new music, looking for something that's not just entertainment. He thinks he's founded in albums by two musicians, both of whom are influenced by country and folk music, but who otherwise couldn't be more different. One is a relative newcomer, 22-year-old Ken Pomeroy. The other is a relatively old pro, 92-year-old Willie Nelson. Here are Ken's reviews of Nelson's. Oh, what a Beautiful World. An album of covers of songs by Rodney Crowell and of Pomeroy's. Cruel joke, he starts with Ken Pomeroy. Gray Sky Life stealing all Feelings You Have.


It's easy to adopt the attitude that pop music is primarily entertainment, a pleasant distraction from whatever's going on in your life or in the world around you. Sometimes, however, you come across songs and performers who offer more than entertainment, they provide comfort, nourishment, reassurance. One of these artists is Ken Pomeroy, the 22-year-old woman whose voice began this review. Pomeroy has just released an album called Cruel Joke. She's from Oklahoma, a Cherokee, native American, and her songs about farms and cowboys sung with an acoustic country twang marker.


As one smart high planes drifter Broke you like a mirror pieces a few of me staring back in disbelief. Honey, I swear I didn't mean to never love someone like, like I loved you playing. Put your hand in line.


I get lost for days. In that song, flannel Cowboy Pomeroy seeks forgiveness from someone she wronged in no small part because she believes they were meant to be together. It's typical of her approach on this album, which is full of complex emotions and urgent desires. Her narrators don't wanna become isolated. They're not loners. They hope to quell fears through relationships that only strengthen during difficult times. You, my mother keeps lying saying, there's no way.


What I, I like the way Pomeroy's plain-spoken verses open up dialogues with the listener. The conversational tone is something Willie Nelson perfected decades ago. It's what's made him perhaps the most intimate pop music interpreter since Frank Sinatra these days age has shortened his breath and thinned out the tambour of his voice. But it's still a quiet miracle that draws you in close as on his version of Rodney Crow's song.


What Kind of Love I'll give you the best I can give you baby. That's all I can give. And we will live it the best we can. Live it, baby, as long as we live. What kind love ever turns you down? What kind of love lifts you off the ground, turns your life around? What kind of love makes you go out in the wind in a down?


What kind of love runs through your heart with a pleasure so close to what kind of love? In the past, Nelson has recorded other album long salutes to some of his favorite songwriters and singers such as Ray Price and Roger Miller and Lefty Frizzell. This one feels a little different. The best moments here are when he takes hold of some of Rodney Crow's more recent songs, not the hits. These are reflective contemplative compositions like Kim Pomeroy's work.


It's about appreciating people and rekindling connections. Sometimes I think about leaving as if I had someplace to go, I might even crank up the engine and I roll down the street just for show. Nobody Said it was easy, but that doesn't mean it ain't right.


I don't want nobody else with me when it comes time to call it. So far, I've kept every promise and this to you to do. I love you like nobody's business, and I would be without you. There's a 70 year age difference between Ken Pomeroy and Willie Nelson.


But I hear a similarity in their goals to resist despair, to get us to look up from our phones and look into someone's eyes. They're both making beautiful music for tumultuous times. Ken Tucker reviewed, oh, what a Beautiful World by Willie Nelson and Cruel Joke by Ken Pomeroy. On Monday's show, journalist Elizabeth Brunick joins us to talk about her haunting New Atlantic cover story about serving as a witness to state sanctioned executions. We'll talk about what she saw, what it means, and how covering the death penalty has shaped her faith. I hope you can join us.


Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman and Julian Hurtsville. For Teri Gross and Tanya Mosley, I'm David Bian Cooley.


This message comes from Carrier committed to providing climate and energy products and services to help enhance lives. More information is@carrier.com carrier for the world.


We share Like the climate, our idea of home is constantly changing. So NPR is devoting an entire week to rethinking home with stories and conversations about the search for solutions. From planting trees to reducing energy use to disaster proofing your house, explore stories that hit close to home during this year's Climate Solutions Week. Visit npr.org/climate week Before talking to computational social scientist, Sandra Matz. I asked her to spy on me. I Did some snooping around your online life yesterday night, which was extremely fun to do. Our lack of digital privacy, especially in the age of AI and what we can do about it.


I'm minutia Zamorodi. That's on the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR.