
This message comes from NPR sponsor Xfinity. Everything is changing so fast, but now with Xfinity, you can power a house full of devices at once with ultralow lag. Do more of what you love with Xfinity. Restrictions apply. Actual speeds vary and not guaranteed.


This is Fresh Air, I'm Dave Davies For. nearly 80 years humankind has lived with the threat of nuclear weapons now in the hands of nine countries. But, in all those decades, only one nation has used nuclear weapons in an armed conflict. that was the United States, which dropped atomic bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945. 79 years ago this week, killing as many as 200,000 people. Historians have long debated whether that carnage was necessary to compel Japan to surrender and end World War ii In. the summer of 1945, Germany had surrendered to the allies while Japan largely defeated, was defiant and still capable of inflicting horrific casualties on any force that might try and invade the Japanese mainland.


Today we're going to listen to my interview with Evan Thomas, whose book examines the thoughts and motivations of key players in the US military and government, and in Japan's ruling elite in the closing months of the war. It's a story of American leaders wrestling with the practical and moral dilemmas presented by the most terrifying weapon ever made, and of determined Japanese leaders confronting the humiliating prospect of defeat and the removal of the country's emperor seen by most Japanese as ruling by divine right. Evan Thomas was a writer, correspondent, and editor for 33 years at time and Newsweek. He's the author of 10 previous books.


His latest, the Road to Surrender Three Men, and the Countdown to the End of World War II is now out in paperback. I spoke to him last year when it was first published. Evan Thomas, welcome back to Fresh Air. Hi Dave. Let's go back to the summer of 1945. Germany, as we said, was defeated and the allies were focused on Japan, which was also clearly facing defeat. What was the state then of the Japanese armed forces? Japanese armed forces were by and large intact. Although we had fought this heavy campaign through the Pacific Islands, the Japanese still had millions of men in their army.


Many of them were in Asia, occupying China and Southeast Asia, but there were about a million of them collecting on the southern tip of Kishu, the southernmost Japanese island waiting there for an invasion they knew was coming. They also had 7,000 kamikaze planes and all sorts of kamikaze swimmers and fragment and divers waiting there to inflict bloody harm on the American invasion. Right. And, and kamikazes for younger listeners who might not be so familiar, were with, they were pilots or people who would, who would crash their airplane or other aircraft into enemy facilities or, or, or ships dying in the process, but inflicting damage.


What about the Japanese civilian population? There was a US blockade, right? There was the Japanese population, you would think they would be thoroughly demoralized. They had been blockaded, they were eating, they were down to about 1500 calories per person. They were eating acorns and, and whatever they could find. And yet they were not in rebellion. There were the, the secret police were starting to pick up some graffiti anti against the emperor. There were some rumbles and noises, but they were a largely quiescent population. They had put up with a lot, and they were willing to put up with a lot.


They were on the verge of starvation, but that hadn't quite happened yet. Now, their cities had been heavily bombed. By August, 1945, the United States had burned about 60 Japanese cities with the loss of life of a couple hundred thousand people. And yet a lot of those cities had been evacuated. People were moving into the countryside. The Japanese were not done. Also, the government had, had militarized. The, the civilian population, about 28 million people had been formed into a kind of a civilian defense force, and people had been instructed to use pitchforks and spears and whatever they could pick up to kill the Americans.


There's an instruction that a woman picking up an all should ram it into the guts of a soldier and, and, and defenestrate them. Right, right. We, we should note that the Japanese Navy was at this point pretty much demolished, right? They not much of an effective fighting force there. Right. The Japanese fleet was basically sunk their last big battleship. The Yamato had been sent out to Okinawa that summer with a one-way supply of fuel to act as a last, really a kamikaze ship. But the American planes found that ship, of course, and san it, so the Japanese, they were defeated. Their, their fleet was sunk. Their, their army, they still had one, but they were doomed.


And the government was, knew that they were defeated, but they were determined to fight to the bitter, bitter end. Right. So let's, let's look at the American side of this. They're, they have overwhelming superiority on, on air and sea and in military power, but they're facing a determined adversary in Japan that was prepared to to, to exact a bloody cost if they were going to evade. One figure that you look a lot at in the, in the book is Henry Stimson. He was the Secretary of War for Roosevelt. And then for Truman, who of course took over when Roosevelt died in the spring of 1945. He's an interesting character, Stimson, 77 years old then tell us a bit about him.


He's a very stern, severe figure. He was known as a New England conscience on legs, also called the icicle 'cause he could be pretty chilly. He could be bloody minded and was willing to use force. In fact, believed in force, believed in overwhelming force. At the same time, he did have a conscience, and we know this from his diary. He, in the spring of 1945, starts writing about the atom bomb. He knows the time is coming when we might have to use that weapon against the Japanese, and he refers to it by its code name S one, also the British code name two s. But also he refers to it as the awful, the terrible, the diabolical Frankenstein monster.


He knows how awful this weapon is. A, as the allies, you know, we're preparing to shift it, their efforts from Europe where they'd spent a lot of effort trying to defeat Germany and move a lot of those soldiers and fighting material to, to the Pacific Theater to take on Japan. You're right, that Stimson visited a redistribution center where some of these American troops from Europe were gathering for redeployment to the Pacific Theater. What did he observe of their condition? In middle state? He saw that they were exhausted and haunted. He, he, they, they just defeated Germany in a apocalyptic battle.


And now they were being sent to the Pacific to do it all over, against, against an even more determined foe. And he looked in their eyes and he saw that these men were exhausted. He, he wrote in his diary, he, he knew they would do their duty, that they would fight, but he just didn't wanna send them to make them do it. He knew the cost was gonna be beyond anything we had ever imagined. The, the scale here, you know, 7,000 US Marines lost their lives to capture an island, the island of Iwo Jima, which is the size of Nantucket. This, this is just a spot in the ocean. Then Okinawa, a bigger island, cost us 12,000 Marines and two months of hand-to-hand fighting in some cases.


And it was obvious that when we hit a beach that was defended by 1 million men and thousands of kamikaze planes, suicide fighters, essentially it was gonna be an enormous bloodbath. My father, as it turned out, was a junior officer who was scheduled to be on one of those ships. They were gonna just, the, the scale of death was gonna be something we had never seen before. So as Henry Stimson, the secretary of War for the United States, was trying to figure out what he, what he was gonna do with this powerful weapon, the atomic bomb, and weigh it against the cost of, in invading Japan, he was concerned about civilian casualties. And this is something that you're right about, because the Air War against Germany had had inflicted horrific casualties on the civilian population.


You're right, that he gave the order that it should be precision bombing only over Japan, but never really got a straight answer on whether, you know, the commanders thought they could do that or would try to do it. What is clear, as you've noted, is that 60 Japanese cities burned under allied bombing and napalm was used. Was it a decision to, to destroy civilian neighborhoods by fire in order to demoralize the population? That's not the way it worked. The United States was aiming at economic and military targets, but they missed, for one thing, we discovered we had a new airplane, the B 29, a fancy new airplane that was able, supposed to be able to do precision bombing from 30,000 feet high enough so the Japanese fighters couldn't reach them.


But when we tried this over Japan in the winter of 1945, we discovered a new thing called the jet stream. The wind blew our bombers away, so it didn't work. So Curtis lame, our man on the ground, our general on the ground, tried something different. Instead of bombing by day 30,000 feet, he came in, he ordered the planes to come in at night, 7,000 feet and to drop incendiaries, hoping to start a fire to burn down the factories on the ground. Now, as it happened on the first night, we tried this in Tokyo on March 10th, 1945, it created such a firestorm.


It killed 100,000 people. More people died that night than in any six hour period in any battle in the history of mankind. It was just a huge bloodbath. It wasn't intended to be a mass killer of civilians. It was intended to be a way to burn down factories, but the effect was to kill an awful lot of civilians. Did we know it? We didn't know the precise death tolls right away, but we figured out soon enough that we were killing a lot of civilians. And yet that was the only thing that worked. So we kept on doing it, even though, as you mentioned, secretary of War, Stimson raised questions about it, said he thought he had a promise to stop it.


The military kept on doing it, and Stimson allowed it to keep on going. You mentioned that the crews in that March 10th firebombing of Tokyo were smelling, burning flesh in the cockpit. It's a horrific thing to contemplate It. It is, it's hideous. And they were sickened by it. They, you know, there wasn't a whole lot of gloating by those bomber crews when they came back. You don't read a lot of testimonials about how heroic was dropping incendiaries on Japan. The pilots knew what they were doing. They wanted to live too, though. You know, they wanted to end the War ii, and it was, I think there was a lot of more quiet moral agony by the pilots. Not just the decision makers, but the pilots.


Right. So, In, the summer of 1945, the efforts to develop an atomic bomb are coming to fruition. The Secretary of War Stimson knew about this, and there was discussion of if it was to be used, what kind of target would it be? Should you drop it in the ocean? Should you drop it in a, in an uninhabited error area to, you know, to demonstrate its power. Give us a sense of, there was a targeting committee, what its deliberations were like. There was a targeting committee of, of military and people largely, and some scientists. And their big issue was to make sure that they hit the target at all.


It would be nice if we could hit a port or some factories or a military base, but if you're dropping a bomb from 30,000 feet, it just wasn't that accurate. And the targeting committee decided that the best thing to do was to pick a target smack in the middle of a city in Hiroshima. It was a bridge in the middle of Hiroshima. And yes, Hiroshima was a military city in the sense that it had military forces there, it had ports on the outside. There was a military base there. It was still basically a civilian city. It was full of civilians. And so the target committee decided not to take the chance of going after a military target, but to drop the bomb right in the middle of the city where they were sure they would strike it and it would set off a heck of a big bang.


They did not have many regrets about that. There's no evidence of them saying, oh my God, we're gonna kill a lot of civilians. There were some civilians who worried about it, but the military target, the people on the target committee, they wanted to drop that bomb, and they wanted to make sure it hit its target. There was discussion of trying to convince the Japanese to surrender. And one of the things, and we'll talk about this as we move through the conversation, was what would happen with the emperor hero? Heto? The presence of the emperor presented a special problem. What was it? What was his status? Well, he was divine and, and Japanese Shinto religion, he was the man in charge, but he wasn't really, his legitimacy depended on the military.


They, they propped him up. The idea was that the emperor should be above politics, not dragged into politics as a practical matter. It made him a tool of the military. And the Japanese government was just determined to preserve the emperor. Their, their existence in the government depended on there being an emperor, if not this emperor, at least some other emperor. But they wanted to keep the imperial system. They were completely wedded to this idea that, that there had to be an emperor. After all, he was divine. So let's look at what's happening in Japan here. There were a lot of military leaders who were determined to fight to the end, but one person that you focus on was the foreign minister, URI Togo, who had a different take on this.


He wanted peace. Tell us about him. Togo was the one civilian on the Supreme War Council. The rest were the war minister, army, Navy chiefs of staff, the Prime Minister. They're all in uniform. Togo's the one civilian. And he's the only one who wants to surrender, who wants to save his country by surrendering all the others want to fight to the, to the bitter end. They, they believe that for two reasons. One is there is something almost mystical and grand about national suicide. And they talk this way that the, the a hundred million they say will die for the emperor. The other piece though is not so crazy.


They believed that if they could make the Americans bleed enough, suffer enough, take enough casualties, then the Americans would give them terms that they wanted. They knew they were defeated, they knew their fleet was sunk, and their, their, their army was, was about to be defeated. But they hoped that if they could make us bleed, we would give them the terms they wanted, which were no occupation, no, no American troops on Japan, no war crimes trials, because they knew that as leaders of Japan, they were gonna be tried for war crimes. So they didn't want that. And lastly, they wanted to keep their emperor. So she or Togo, the, the foreign minister, he tries to get the Soviet, he reach out to the Soviet Union to have them negotiate, approach the allies on behalf of Japan.


That kind of doesn't really go anywhere. But then he also tries to work the others on the Supreme Council, this body that's running the country at the time to sort of massage them and get them to see reality. And let's, let's, let's end this thing. And then you write that in June, six weeks before the atomic bombs were dropped, he met with the emperor. And that the emperor said, please terminate the war as quickly as possible. And when I read that, I thought, well, gosh, why didn't that settle the question if the, the emperor had the authority? The emperor has the authority in theory, but in practice, he doesn't have that authority.


He's too dependent on the military himself. For one thing, the emperor here, or Heto, is somewhat of a meek seeming figure. He has a reedy voice. He likes marine biology. He's not a warrior type at all. And he exists at the sance of the military. In June, the emperor hears that the military is thinking of removing him from Tokyo and taking him up to their mountain or doubt and in effect, making him their prisoner. He refuses, he shows some backbone for once he stands up to them, but he knows that he's very much a tool of the military. He doesn't like to admit it.


But that is the practical reality. In July, in the United States, the atom bomb is successfully tested. So it's clear that the United States is going to have an operable weapon to drop on Japan. And the idea emerged among Stimson and the Secretary of War and others of rather than dropping the bomb to give the Japanese a warning saying, we have this terrible weapon and we will not drop it. If you will surrender, and perhaps even we'll let you keep your emperor at least in some kind of ceremonial role. How does Harry Truman regard this idea? Truman and his new Secretary of State, Jimmy Burns, do not want to give the Japanese an out burns and Truman regard the Japanese as being duplicitous.


And if you give them an inch, they'll take a mile. And they are afraid that if you say to the Japanese, you can keep their emperor, that will just be an excuse for them to fight on in that judgment, the President actually has some backing from the military community that also worries about that. They, they have fresh memories of Pearl Harbor when the Japanese continued to negotiate even as they were getting ready to strike Pearl Harbor militarily. So they just don't trust the Japanese. And the proof of that, I think, is in the debates in the Supreme War Council, after we had dropped two atom bombs on Japan, the Militarists still wanted to fight on the most revealing moment is that at a meeting of the Supreme War Council on August 9th, they're, the bomb has dropped on Hiroshima.


They're talking about what to do. Word comes that another Hiroshima style bomb has just taken out in Nagasaki and the Supreme War Council, the six of them are now divided. They're stalemate and it takes in Japan, it takes a consensus to make a decision. They're still made it on whether to surrender. That's after we had dropped two atom bombs. Writer Evan Thomas recorded last year. His book Rode to Surrender Three Men, and the countdown to the end of World War II is now out in paperback. We'll hear more of our interview after this short break, and John Powers will review the Instigators, a new action comedy starring Matt Damon and Casey Affleck.


I'm Dave Davies, and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, discover, wouldn't it be great to go to twice as many concerts? Well, here's music to your ears. Discover automatically doubles the cashback earned on your credit card at the end of your first year with cashback match. Put that toward double the reunion tours. Imagine getting to see your favorite band when they get back together and break up again. It pays to discover, see terms at discover.com/credit card.


This message comes from Apple TV plus original podcasts presenting my devo from the producers of anything for Selena and the Pulitzer Prize winning podcast. Suave comes my Divo, a podcast about roots dive into the legendary life, music, and lasting influence of Latin America's most prolific songwriter and showman. Juan Gabrielle, El Divo de Juarez, hosted by Maria Garcia. This is my Divo, an Apple Original podcast produced by Futuro Studios. Follow and listen on Apple Podcasts.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated, registered broker dealer, registered investment advisor, member SIPC


Before the bomb is dropped, there is, there is a meeting at Potsdam, which is a suburb of Berlin, right? It's in Germany, defeated Germany. And outta that comes a lot of things, including a, a message to Japan. What, what was the message from, from the allied leaders then The message was called the Potsdam Declaration. And it basically said, you have to surrender or we'll destroy you, period. It didn't have a lot of particulars in it, and the Japanese got that message and rejected it. Summarily. They, they, there's a, there's a word for it. They, when Japanese, it, it means to treat with silent contempt, Right?


So the United States decides to proceed with dropping the first weapon. You note that the Commander General Carl Spots insisted on a written order for this. He, he wasn't gonna gonna do this on some verbal command. And it's a long flight from the Marianas when, where this B 29 left and dropped the bomb over Hiroshima. It was devastating, of course. And, you know, this is the time, you know, we kind of we're used to instant communication in our age, but in fact, it took a long some time for the perception of this disaster, this, this kind of carnage to, to make its way around the world.


And even in Japan, it's interesting where Truman hears news that the bomb had been dropped. Tell us that story. Truman is on a ship coming back from the Potsdam conference when he first learns that the bomb has been dropped on Hiroshima. And he says, this is the greatest thing in history. He's excited about it. He, at least in, in the mess hall with the sailors, he is enthusiastic and he gives a pretty strong speech warning the Japanese, that another one is coming their way if they don't surrender. Now, what is Truman really thinking? That is a harder question, and I think the most interesting evidence of it, this is indirect, but on the day that Truman gives the order to drop the aba, July 25th, 1945, that evening, he writes in his diary, I have ordered the Secretary of War, Henry Stimson, and we are in agreement that the target should be purely military, not civilian, that we should kill soldiers and sailors, not women and children.


Well, what is he thinking? Because the, as we've mentioned earlier, the aim point of the bomb was a bridge in the middle of Hiroshima. Of course, it was gonna kill women and children. It did, as it happened, it killed about 10, maybe 20,000 soldiers, but 50 or 60,000 civilians right away, instantly, including most of them women and children, because the men were off at war. So what was Truman thinking? Well, he may have been badly briefed. That's possible. We don't really have a good record of that. But more likely, he and Stimson had decided that day to remove another city, Kyoto, from the target list that had been on the target list.


And I think that they were feeling that they had done the right thing by sparing the ancient cultural capital of Japan, therefore saving a beautiful and magnificent city. And they were, I think, in a way, congratulating themselves on that. And so they chose to review Hiroshima as a military target, even though it wasn't, this is human denial. It's kind of incredible to think that the President and the Secretary of War didn't really know what they were doing. But I think under the pressure of this kind of thing, maybe we shouldn't be so surprised that the information is murky, that human denial kicks in. Still. It's hard to explain.


All right, so when the, the bomb is dropped on Hiroshima and this incredible destruction, the Japanese military leaders are some distance away in Tokyo. Do they understand what's happened? The Japanese military leaders have been working on building an atom bomb for Japan for years, and they've failed at it. So they are aware that it is possible to build an atom bomb. They know that they don't wanna believe that the Americans have done it, but the evidence is considerable that they have, they stall, they hem, they haul, they send a plane down, a scientist to look at it. It takes a day or two for the plane to get there and the scientist to get back. They are also in denial.


They don't wanna believe what's happening. And when they finally do exceed that, well, it's an atom bomb. They think, well, they must only have one ATO bomb because they must not have enough uranium material to build more than one. And then of course, there's a second and that there goes that argument. And then they are just, and they kind of a, a suicidal fugue state. Some of them realize we've gotta surrender, others wanna fight on. And what you see is in effect, I mean, some of the military commanders attempt to stage a coup shehan, Noori Togo, the foreign minister goes to see the emperor hero heto. And he actually declares that we have to end this right? He issues a sacred decision, a sedan.


Am I pronouncing that correctly? Yes. Yeah. There there is this little tiny peace party under Togo that is working, working the emperor, working the palace. And the the emperor, by August 9th, is worried about a couple of things. He doesn't really trust his own military, he's afraid maybe they're gonna kidnap him, take him up into the mountains. But he's also worried that a third atom bomb may come for him, may come for Tokyo. He's not wrong to be worried about this. And his entourage, his, his, the people around him tell him that they, they, they've heard radio signals that the group that dropped the atom bombs on Hiroshima and, and Nagasaki there in the air again.


So he's fearing for his own life. His own palace was largely burned at the end of May by American fire bombs. He's basically living in a shelter underneath his library. And finally, finally, he declares a sadan, a sacred decision that that, and he says he gathers together his military advisors in his shelter, and he says, I agree with Togo, with foreign minister Togo. We have to surrender. Now. It's not the end of the story because although they accept the American demand for a surrender, the Japanese insist that the emperor must remain and be sovereign.


Well back in Washington. They're not gonna buy that Truman and Stimson and burns. They're not gonna allow the emperor to remain sovereign. They want the emperor not to be reporting to God, but to Douglas MacArthur to the supreme allied commander, who is going to take over when the Americans arrive. So the Americans reject that term. And we're back at square one. The military wants to keep on fighting and the stalemate goes on for another four or five days, and it's not clear that the Japanese are ever gonna surrender. And Truman, president Truman starts thinking about using a third bomb, a third nuclear bomb, a third atomic bomb.


He tells the British government that sadly he's preparing to drop a third atom bomb on Tokyo. And the allies do actually renew conventional bombing a thousand planes are sent over Japan to renew the bombing campaign. But in Japan, while the emperor hero, he has decided in effect, it is time to end this. And he records a, a message to be broadcast over the radio explaining this. But before that can be broadcast, some military commanders essentially attempt to stage a coup. Tell us what happens. Well, in this final week, the young hotheads get in their mind that they wanna stage a coup to take the emperor, take 'em up into the mountains and basically install a military government.


The war minister has been half encouraging them. Anami has been saying maybe, maybe he finally says no, but he commits Harry Kerry, he thrusts his sword into his bowels and, and knife into his neck. And he's gone. But the coup continues, and the coup plotters assassinate the head of the imperial guard, and they kill his assistant by chopping his head off. And now they are running soldiers or running through the palace, looking for a recording made by the emperor of his surrender speech scheduled to be played on national radio at noon. The soldiers are running through the palace trying to find that record to break it.


Fortunately, it's in a bag hidden in a room reserved for ladies and waiting to the empress and the, the, the coup plotters never find it. Finally, the the order is restored. The, the young officer leading the coup plotters goes out into the courtyard and shoots himself. but it was a close thing. So it turns out this message from the emperor of Japan is played over the radio telling citizens that the war is over. I'm wondering what it was like for people in Japan who had never heard the emperor's voice. What was their reaction to hearing this? You would think that they would be overjoyed that the war was finally over, and there was, I'm sure some rejoicing, but in many quarters they were defiant.


They stood out in the courtyard, outside the imperial palace shouting Ben's eye, they're falling to the floor in tears that the emperor is, is surrendering. Now, elsewhere in the country, people may have been more happy. They did, they acquiesced, you know, they didn't rise up. There wasn't some last revolution. They, they did go along with the surrender, but there was enormous sadness. Right? And, and I guess some confusion because I mean, it was a voice they were not used to hearing. And the language was a little indirect, wasn't it? Yes. The emperor's a very remote and removed figure, spoke in this ancient court Japanese that a lot of people just didn't understand.


The, the radio announcers had to essentially translate the emperor and explain to the people that they had just surrendered. Also, his address was absurd in some levels. He said, he said to the people, the war is not going as quite as well as expected. Well, they'd just been nuked twice in a week, and yet he's saying the wars, you know, were just, it's a close thing. Well, it wasn't a close thing, but, so people didn't know quite how to, he never used the word surrender. He said, we have to accept the Potsdam declaration. So people were ilic a little baffled at first, but it was quickly explained to them this was a surrender. Let's just take a break here and then we'll talk a little more.


Let me reintroduce you. We are speaking with Evan Thomas. His new book is Road to Surrender Three Men and the Countdown to the End of World War ii. We'll continue our conversation right after this. This is Fresh


Air Support for NPR and the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus, tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr


Support for NPR. And the following message come from IXL Online is your child asking questions on their homework? You don't feel equipped to answer. IXL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality, one subscription gets you everything one site for all the kids in your home. pre-K to 12th grade make an impact on your child's learning. Get I XL now and NPR listeners can get an exclusive 20% off I XL membership when they sign up today at ixl.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsored Train Technologies challenging what's possible for a sustainable world. Train Technologies is at the forefront of sustainable heating and cooling systems for homes and buildings and climate controlled solutions for the safe transportation and storage of food and medicine. By setting a higher standard for the industry, they're accelerating their action for impact, aiming to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. See how they're doing it@tranetechnologies.com.


So in the end, the atomic bombs did convince the Japanese with some difficult to to surrender, but for a long time, you know, the details of what it was like in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in were not really known to the American public. And about a year later, there was a full issue of the New Yorker dedicated to it, written by John Hersey, who had spent an awful lot of time in Hiroshima gathering information. And it was shocking. It was widely quoted, it was read in full on radio broadcasts and questions were raised about the use of such a horrific weapon where we war criminals for having done this. And Henry Stimson, the war secretary at the time, the the man who had a lot of moral qualms himself was engaged to write a response, which he did, saying it dropping the bomb was the right thing to do.


It saved lives. What was his case? He argued that it was the least abhorrent alternative. It was abhorrent, but the alternative was an invasion of Japan that would've cost the lives of, of millions of Americans. Now, personally, he felt guilty that we didn't try hard enough to get the Japanese to surrender beforehand by letting them keep their emperor. I ask in the book, should he have felt guilty? And my answer is no, because the Japanese, I think the record is pretty clear now. The Japanese just were not going to surrender even if we offered them to keep their emperor.


The other piece of this puzzle that, that, that is important here to recognize, it's, it's not just Americans that we saved by not invading Japan, it's Japanese. Because if we hadn't invaded Japan, we would've blockaded Japan and we would've starved them. They were already down to 1500 calories a day per person, roughly. And they, by say the winter of 45, 46 would've suffered a famine and they were gonna start dying. And, and they were gonna have civil war. Who knows what would've happened, not just in Japan, but also in Asia.


The Japanese, the brutal Japanese occupation of China and Southeast Asia was killing people at the rate of roughly 250,000 a month. And that was just gonna go on and on. So by ending the war in August, we not only saved Japanese lives, we saved a great number of Asian lives. There's a lot of research on this that shows that the death tolls, had we not bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki would've been many multiples of the death tolls in Hiroshima and Nagasaki. It's a brutal equation. So after the war, there were war crimes trials in Japan in like guess 47 and 48.


And among those sentenced to prison was Sha Nore Togo, the foreign minister that you write about, who had opposed the attack on Pearl Harbor back in 1941 and who worked so hard to bring an earlier into the war. Why was he sentenced to prison and how did he regard his fate? It was crazy. We should have given Togo a medal. He saved millions of people, but he got swept up in this desire to have a broad victor's justice to, to, to, to punish aggression by a nation. And the very fact that Togo had been in the cabinet of the Japanese government at the time of Pearl Harbor, even though he had opposed going into war, he that was enough to doom him to be convicted.


He wasn't sentenced to death like seven of them. He was given a 20 year sentence, but he died in prison. Now, interestingly, he was at peace, although my American heroes in my book Stimson and spots were racked with guilt to their dying day. Togo was at peace because he felt that he had done everything he possibly could to bring peace. And, and he had, he, he, he was, it was close. He almost failed. He had pernicious anemia, he was sick as a dog, but he, he worked towards a just end and he got it.


You know, Evan Thomas, as you've gone over this material and spent a lot of time looking at these primary source records about what was happening among Japanese rulers and among the American military, I mean, you come to the troubling conclusion that dropping these horrific weapons actually saved lives in the end. Have historians reached a consensus on that? Do you think There's an endless debate over dropping these bombs? And I think that's a good thing. What, what did Schlesinger say? That history is a never ending argument and there's been a never ending argument over the correctness and justice and rightness and morality of dropping these bombs. And I think that's proper because they're so horrific.


I just think that at this stage, the evidence shows, and I say this, you know, obviously sorrow, that, that it was at the end of the day necessary. You know, it's kinda, you can't prove the opposite. You can't prove for a fact that if we'd offered the Japanese to keep their emperor, they might not have surrendered. But I think the evidence is pretty overwhelming that they would not have, and therefore we had to use these weapons and as I said, ending the war stopped carnage. That was just gonna go on and on and on. Evan Thomas, thanks so much for speaking with us. Thanks Dave. Evan Thomas recorded in June of last year, his book Road to Surrender Three Men and the countdown to the end of World War II is now out in paperback.


Coming up, John Powers reviews The Instigators, a new action comedy starring Matt Damon and Casey Affleck This is Fresh Air


Support for NPR and the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute, plus tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


Support for NPR and the following message come from IXL learning. IXL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality. Get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when you sign up today at ixl.com/npr.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions so you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


The Instigators is a new action comedy starring Matt Damon and Casey Affleck as inept Boston Crooks who become uneasy partners after a heist gone bad. The movie, which was directed by Doug Lyman opened last weekend selected theaters and is now streaming on Apple tv. Plus our critic, John Power says it's a reasonably enjoyable throwback to an earlier cinematic era. When I talk to people over the age of say 45, they often ask what happened to Hollywood? It used to make movies filled with stars playing compelling characters. Now all it offers are pseudo characters like Deadpool, who spend the whole movie making in jokes about their branded cinematic universe.


Where are the stories about human beings? The short answer is that you can still find a few of them on streaming services. Take the new action comedy, the Instigators now streaming on Apple tv. Plus after a week and a handful of theaters directed by Doug Lyman, it stars Casey Affleck, who co-wrote the script and Matt Damon as likable Maladroit Boston Crooks who get caught in a robbery gone bad despite its forgettable title. The Instigators is an amusing throwback to classic heist pictures, buddy comedies and tales of urban malfeasance. Damon plays Rory, a depressive screw up, desperate to earn money to pay child support and win back his son's respect.


As a one-time deal, he agrees to help Rob the corrupt mayor of Boston. That's a hammi Ron Perelman at a big election night party where he'll be given cash bribes. Royal will get a cut of $30,000, which frankly sounds like a figure from the 1970s. So will his fellow crew member copy a wise cracking excon played by Aflac through no fault of theirs, the heist goes south in almost every way. The hall is a pittance. A cop gets killed, Kabi catches a bullet ly thrown together. His sidekicks, Kabi and Rory run around Boston pursued by vengeful police, by the crime boss who set up the caper. That's an also hammy Michael Stuhlbarg.


And by the mayor's personal enforcer, a slab of a man played by Ving Rames in full monolith mode. And meanwhile, Kabi keeps bleeding here. Rory takes Kabi to his psychiatrist. Dr. Rivera played by Hong Cha to see if she'll patch him up. He needs a doctor. You Are a doctor. I I just need you to take the bullet out, patch him up, and we are on our way. We're gone. If I did What you're asking, Rory, I would be, I would be breaking the law. What if I took you hostage now, I mean with your permission, like, but then officially, legally you'd be my hostage and you have to do what I say.


He's really hurt You won't hurt anyone. No. You won't hurt yourself. No. And you'll turn yourself in After I do what I gotta do, I will turn myself in And I'm your hostage. We're clear. Great. Alright. Good. No, you have to say it Rory. Fine. You are my hostage. Say you will kill me if I don't help you. I, no, I don't have a choice. You Have a choice. You're making a choice. You're a grown man. You're accountable for your decisions. You're making a decision right now. I will. I will kill you if you don't help me Now. It's an odd feature of movies about Boston that I've never seen one that made me want to go there.


Indeed. Boston boosters like Damon and Affleck seem to take a weird pride in showing off their city's corruption, clannish neighborhoods, and knuckleheaded blue collar bravado. That's certainly true of the instigators. It's not merely that Kabi keeps making insider Boston jokes in this. He is like Deadpool jokes that won't play anywhere else. The film's whole sensibility is tinged by the great Boston writer, George V. Higgins, whose crime novels like the Friends of Eddie Coyle did much to shape the city's self-image. It romanticizes its refusal to be romantic. You get that in the performances by Damon and Affleck. Two excellent, but different actors here playing guys who aren't that bright, where Affleck always seems somewhat off kilter even when playing ordinary guys.


Damon exudes a normalcy that people now call relatable even when he, he's playing nut jobs as the low key sensible Rory. He's the movie's deadpan Wall against which Kabi endlessly hits the tennis ball of his jokey chatter. Affleck and Damon are longtime friends and you can tell it's fun to watch them bicker and stew and drive each other a bit crazy. Yet, even as I was enjoying myself, I kept wishing the instigators had the lucid snap of the movies. It hearts back to, while the plot is the kind of confection Hollywood used to be expert at making the storytelling often feels sludgy like an indie film. Secondary characters like Dr. Rivera are too lazily drawn to be fun.


Good jokes too often get lost in the shuffle. Deep in the movie copy reveals a painful secret that should change Rory's sense of his new partner. An old time Hollywood director would've known how to move us with both Coby's revelation and Rory's reaction to it. Lyman barely lets the Emotion Register. It's not that he's talentless most famous for the Born Identity and Mr. And Mrs. Smith, he recently did the remake of Roadhouse. He's just out of practice at telling stories about actual human beings, but he's trying. And so were Affleck and Damon, who clearly are the films driving force back in the 1970s. The Instigators would probably have been the second or third best movie coming out on any given week in 2024.


It's Hollywood's best movie this month, at least for viewers who don't marvel at Marvel, John Powers reviewed the new movie, the Instigators, now streaming on Apple TV Plus, to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews, follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with additional engineering support from Joyce Lieberman, Juliana Hertzfeld, and Deanna Martinez. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers Ann Marie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Renzel, Monique Nazareth, Theresa Madden er, Susan Kudi, and Joel Wolfer.


Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Nesper. For Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley, I'm Dave Davies. This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch. Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC. This message comes from NPR sponsor, Allianz Travel Insurance Hotel booked check tickets, check, passport check.


What about travel insurance? Learn how to protect your trip at Allianz travel insurance.com.