
NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media Visit Protect by public media.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Tanya Mosley. Terry has today's interview Live around the world from the corner of Sunset Goer in Los Angeles. It's everybody's live with John and your host John Ma. That's my guest actor Richard Kind. In his current role on the Netflix show, everybody's live with John Malaney as the announcer and malaney sidekick. He does sketches too. The show conforms to the late night format in the sense that there's an opening monologue, but then it becomes a panel discussion on a specific subject like funerals, loaning people money and getting fired with guests like Pete Davidson, Michael Keaton, Fred Armerson, bill Hader, Henry Winkler, John Waters, and Wanda Sykes.


Everybody's live is live on Netflix, Wednesday nights and streams. After that, Richard Kind has been in hundreds of movies and TV shows in the series, only murders in the building. He was the neighbor, Vince Fish, AKA stink Eye, Joe with a highly contagious case of Pink Eye in the animated film. Inside Out, he was the voice of the imaginary friend Bing Bong in the Cohen Brothers film, A serious man. He was the deeply troubled brother. Earlier in his career, he co-starred in the series Mad About You, and was a cast member of the Carol Burnett Show, Carol and Company. His youthful ambition was to be in a Stephen Sondheim musical. He's been in two.


He starred in a production of, a funny thing happened on the way to the Forum at the Steven Sondheim Center for the Performing Arts. And in the musical Bounce, he originated the role of Addison Meisner and got to work with Sondheim Kind. Was in the Michael J. Fox series, spin City. In your enthusiasm, he was Larry David's cousin Andy, and I think he's still angry that a recent series he co-starred in East New York was canceled after one season. Angry because he thought it was really good. Let's start with a clip from the latest episode of Everybody's Live with John Malaney. Malaney Explains that kind got hit on the head with a Kiss album, which left him with a traumatic brain injury.


And now he thinks he's Gene Simmons. He's dressed like Simmons. His hair is like Simmons. And he talks like Simmons too. After he says something vulgar to Malaney, Malaney starts to apologize to the audience. Okay, so normally I'd apologize for such a crack comment. I crave ideas and when an idea hits me, it grips me and it torches me until I master. Geez. Listen, gene, I know you think you're Gene Simmons man, but Richard, if you're in there somewhere, please just give me a sign.


I didn't expect you to greet me with open arms, but I did expect open legs. Alright, Richard, kind, welcome to Fresh Air. I have to ask you, 'cause this question is as much about me as it is about you. Yes. So when I interviewed Gene Simmons many years ago, he said to me, if you wanna welcome me with open arms, you'll also have to welcome me with Open Legs. I don't know anything about Gene Simmons. My reference about Gene Simmons is kiss, seeing him with makeup. And then John sent me the very contentious interview you had with him.


Oh, okay. So I said, oh, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to be that contentious. Very, very, I don't wanna say stoic, but he was not even somber, but he was still, and he just talks these awful things. He was awful to you. He he was terrible. And you're, I I got a lot of mileage out of that though. Did you? Okay. Well, a lot of times, Times it got a lot of attention. Oh, Good, good. Yeah. Insulting me was actually doing me a favor. Evidently don't, don't expect it from me. I'm not that good. No. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So everybody's live, your new late night talk show is adapted from last year's Netflix series. Everybody's in la How did Melani describe it to you when he asked you to be his sidekick?


Yeah. He, he didn't, I've gotta say this about that show. We was supposed to do six last May Friday and then Monday through Friday. And he said, even if we get moon landing ratings, we're not doing anymore. So you can imagine my surprise when I read he's doing 12 more. It didn't even say whether or not I was coming back. Then when I spoke to him, I said, listen John, you don't have to ask me to, to do it. You know, it was six and out. And he goes, I, I go, I won't be insulted. He goes, I'd be very insulted. But he didn't even call me. And then, oh my gosh, then I find out we're doing 12.


This is not what I was born to do. It was a, it was a lark when I did the first six. It was fun. Oh my gosh. Now it's a job. Now it's, I I better be good. We're on live all over the world on Netflix, all over the world. What if I say something that's so unfunny or God forbid, is something I would regret saying I can't take it back. It's, it's scared. It's live. Yeah. Yeah. That's, It's part of the fun. Somebody, is it, somebody asked, is this the largest audience you've ever played to? I said, yes. The world is the largest audience I've ever played to. Yeah. So You're an actor.


Yeah. And you've been in so many things, but you're not a big celebrity. Like everybody's seen you in at least one thing. So many people know who you are, but you're not famous in the way that your good friend George Clooney is famous. That is correct. I And you said you like it that way. That I didn't know. I would like it that way because I, my brain much less my career has gone through different permutations over the years. When I was a kid, you know, a kid lies in bed and dreams of being center fielder for the Yankees or you know, being an astronaut, being a rock star. I wanted to be a movie star. I wanted to be up in, you know, in, in on the big screen.


The funny thing is, when I was angry at my parents, I wasn't going to write them a note that I'm running away. I was gonna make a film and show it in the theater. That's, that's how I was gonna tell them I'm running away. What? A film, film about them. Yeah. And go, I'll show you. I'm gonna go make it big and you'll see, you'll see you'll be sorry that you didn't let me go see that movie. And that's what I thought about. So I, you know, it was on, that's what it was. And I had a dream. My grandparents used to take me to Broadway. 'cause they lived in New York. We lived near, we lived in Pennsylvania in Bucks County. And so I would come where I was from. My joke is you either went to the spectrum to see the Rolling Stones, or you went to Madison Square Garden.


I went to Madison Square Garden. All my friends went to the Spectrum and still live in Philly. I went to New York. 'cause that's what I knew my grandparents showed me, the city, and I wanted to be Zero Mostel, zero Mostel and, and Robert Preston. That's who I wanted. Oh, Well you got to be Zero Mostel. You've been I did. I I've even had to Be a, in his role in, in two shows. And a funny thing happened on the way to the Forum. I did. And I did. And the producers Listen, your intro was really good because you pointed out things I'm very proud of. Okay. A lot of people just look at the IMDB page and, and you know, like, like, and give some little credit of a movie that I don't even remember doing.


But I liked what you mentioned. You know, I, I, the thing is when you look me up, you see a lot of the movies and TV shows. But like, I did an opera at New York City Opera, But I wanna get back to the fact that you're not a George Clooney level celebrity. Right. But everybody seems to know you, you know, a lot of celebrities and you've seen things that you're grateful you don't have to go through. So what are some of the things that you've seen celebrity friends go through that you're grateful you don't have to deal with? Alright, I'll tell you a story. I knew Matt Perry when he was a kid, and we would, this Is Matthew Perry from Friends, right?


And Yeah. Yeah. Yes, that Matt Perry. And he, we used to, you know, as a young kid, he would go to the Formosa, we'd, we, all of our friends, we would drink if he could sit at a typewriter and type everything he wanted in his life from a dog to what the house would look like, to what kind of car, to what his girlfriend would look like, everything came true. And I saw that it doesn't bring happiness and I thought it would. So anyway, I went to Vegas with Matt around two or three weeks after Friends premiered. It was September, October.


He started at one side of the casino and went through and was looking both ways to see if he was recognized. And he just walked through the casino. The following January we did the same thing. He took two steps into the casino, and that's as far as he went. And that was one of the saddest things. It's, it's what everybody dreams of. And they don't realize that they're dreaming of prison. And it's prison. He doesn't have a life. I get to walk down the streets of New York and get to where I'm going. I will walk down the street and somebody will say, Mr. Kind, you've changed my, you, you're wonderful.


You're a treasure. Oh my gosh, you're, you're the best. We, we love you and my whole family loves you. And that's one person. And I passed 250 people who don't know who I am. So it's wonderful to get the accolades and it's humbling to just keep walking. I like to keep walking. Now, when I was a kid, I wanted to be stopped by everybody. Now I have a life. I wanna play a clip from the series Girls five ever about a girl group that Reunite. You really did your work. Yeah, that's a good one. And, and this clip seems almost like a self parody. So the the girl group that, that Dawn, the Sarah Barres character is in, has a show at Radio City Music Hall, but they're having trouble selling tickets.


So she's running around the streets of Manhattan looking for a famous person for the show who could help. And she sees a, a film or a TV show is being shot and notices you at the crafts table. Here's the clip. Oh, wait, wait, here's somebody. Right, where do I know you from everything. I Got an IMDB page longer than a Wizards beard. You're Richard Kind. Oh, you're bing bong. Whatcha doing tomorrow? Why? My girl group booked Radio City? Because we're making our big comeback and we haven't sold any tickets because of a variety of reasons. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You got a list of problems longer than a wizards be. And I said that already. What else is wrong?


CVS receipt. CVS Receipt. That's funny. Pretend I said that. Can you do something in our show? I can really use someone who can move the needle. No, no, no, No, no, no. I'm not a needle mover. And that's by design. I've spent the past 40 years striking the perfect balance between constantly working and never getting bugged in a deli. And another thing, Why would you say and another thing, and then take a big bite. I miss timed it. You overshot never chased a big time. The big time is bad news. That's when the fighting starts. People get desperate, friends turn on each other. What you want is the medium time never above number five on the call sheet of life.


That's happiness. Look at me. I work every day of my life doing what I love. Well, not today. Today I had a doctor's appointment, I'm fine. And then I walk by here, I see the spread, I put some tissue in my collar and I pretend like I'm working here. What is this? Anyway, euphoria. And I guess on this show, eh, it doesn't matter. The important thing is, God, I don't have time for this Zendaya. Oh my gosh. That conversation was longer than a CVS receipt. That's funny. I just made that up. That's a great scene. I love that scene. It's a great scene. Was That supposed to be a parody of you?


Sure. And it was. And it's hilarious. And I'm mortified. You know, It's, yeah, But it's, it's hilarious. It is a, a parody. I I say yes to a lot of things. I'm in so many things. You know, I'll go back to the question you asked because you, because you were dressed. George, who is my dear friend is George Floyd. And remember, I, I came up in the business with him and my joke was, is that at the time that we worked together, I was the handsome one. And then our careers went a different way. So he can't go out. Like, I can go out, he can't even go to a bar the way that I can go to a bar.


He's gonna get, he's gonna get bothered. You get tired of that and you realize, dare I say it, you don't deserve it. You're a, a little bit of a fraud know. Is, is that how you feel that you're a little bit of a Fraud? Oh, every day I feel like a fraud. Every single day. I, I'm waiting for the, the world to say I'm not that talented. I don't have that. I'm not that good every day. I wake up like that every day. But a flip side of that, a friend of mine said, I may not always be great anymore, but I think I'm good enough to never stink.


You know what I mean? I'm not gonna be bad. I'll be fine. There are, there are parts that I hope I'm great in. And I always yearn not just to be great, but to be better than everybody else in a scene. I want to be great. But if you're playing tennis with a better tennis player, it's just not gonna happen. So there were some times when I say, you know what? You're not gonna win an Academy Award for this role. Just do it correctly. Don't try and stand out. Don't try and steal. Just do it. Just, just do the part. And that's a very different way to come to set. I wanna talk with you about working with Steven Sondheim and being like, originating a role, originating a Steven Sondheim role.


Wow. Unfortunately, it was, it was a show that never quite caught on and went through several iterations and even several titles. So you were in Bounce as Edison Meisner, one of two brothers. Who was it? Boca Raton that they helped build You originated a role. And before we talk about what it was like to work with Sondheim on a Sondheim musical, I wanna play a song from it. And it's called Get Out Of My Life. Oh, and I chose this because it's a good song and you're really great in it. This song is like part singing and part like really acting. Thank you. Because you, you're, you're angry, you're angry with this and it really shows you off.


There's a song by Steven Sondheim from his musical Balance with my guest Richard Kind, Addie, I just want you to know that I appreciate, get out of my life, get the hell out of my life. Whatever this Race square done now that's one get out of my life. It used to be fun to watch you scheme and even be a part of it at the start of it. It got to be fun to stand and beam at the suckers. But I learned that from you. I thought that we'd go from skiing to dream, but then I thought we were a team.


Amen. No more I've looked at the score. You owe me a life, a life of my own. I wanted to like you before I do. Please leave me alone. Get outta my life so I can live it. Just go away. And what if I, so that was my guest, Richard kind singing Get out of my life from the original cast recording of the Steven Sondheim musical Bounce. So you worked directly with Sondheim on this, right? I Did, yeah.


What kind of direction did he give you about how to do his songs? He's a guy who always liked actors better than singers. But he loved when he heard his song sung beautifully. But during a show, he wanted it acted better. He loved actors. He would always check in, are you having fun? Does this sound good? He wrote for the actor and yet was so specific. If I put a the instead of an an in the lyric, he would correct me hanging on my wall in my house. One of my most treasured thing is just typed out lyrics, you know, maybe three, four lines in the song.


And he would then cross it down and put it in pencil. 'cause he famously wrote in pencil the changes. And he was diligent on every comma, every word. He really worked hard. I will say this, this is sort of funny. The first time I met him, I went up to him. It was at Hal's Christmas party. Hal Prince's Christmas party. I went up to him and I said, do you know who I am? I had a beard. And he's, I go, do you know who I am? He said, yes, you're Richard Kind. And the beard goes. That was the first thing he said to him. Yeah. Also, one other thing, short thing is there's a thing called Zzz probe, which is when the orchestra, you hear the orchestra play what you're going to hear for the rest of the run. You've been only accompanied by a piano, now you've got an orchestra.


So we're doing Zzz probe and I go to the bathroom at the same time he goes to the bathroom. I didn't harmonize a lot. There were a lot of just solos in the show. And I said, thank you so much for not writing harmonies. I can't do them. And he said he can't do them either. He can write them, but he can't sing them either. His, his ear isn't good enough. What was it like? He was one of your heroes. You always wanted to be in one of his shows, and here he was directing you and kind of being very picky about every word and probably about every note as well. Sure. Very. Did that make you self-conscious? Yes, I was. I was very scared. I was nervous the whole time I was a smoker at the time. Quit. That's when I quit smoking.


Oh, you quit smoking to s Heim. You have to I had to do it. Well, I know what smoking can do. You have to have breath control. You, you, you know, you have to go to the end of the line. You can't take a pause in the middle of one of his words or, or one of his sentences. Actually, if you're in a sitcom, you can't take a breath in the middle of a line because in order to get the proper laugh, you have to take it to the end of the sentence. Otherwise the audience may hear where the joke is gonna go, or you can't surprise them. And there's a rhythm to a joke. You have to be able to control what that rhythm is. So smoking is, is your enemy. You have to have lung control.


Let me reintroduce you again, if you're just joining us. My guest is Richard Kind. He's currently in the Netflix series. Everybody's live with John Mullaney as Mullaney sidekick. And that airs live on Netflix, Wednesday nights at 10 Eastern, and then it streams afterwards. We'll talk more after a break. I'm Teri Gross and This is Fresh Air


Support for NPR. And the following message come from GoodRx looking for relief from allergies this spring. Pay as little as $15 for common allergy medications with GoodRx. Plus find savings on everyday prescriptions for you and your family. GoodRx lets you compare prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly find discounts of up to 80%. And even if you have insurance or Medicare, GoodRx may beat your copay price stop allergy season in its tracks. Go to goodrx.com/fresh.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a Garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet, season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney Plus follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity. Season two of Andor is now streaming only on Disney Plus.


Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air. And this is Terry Gross, host of the show. One of the things I do is write the weekly newsletter, And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week and exclusive. So subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning. So we talked a little bit about, you know, working with Sondheim on one of his musicals. Earlier in your life, your music was being a singing waiter in a Manhattan restaurant.


How did that work? And what was your restaurant repertoire? I'm thinking, speaking of Sondheim, that you have to sing like a upbeat ingratiating songs and you can't sing a song from Sweeney Todd. Like they all deserve to die. You don't. I look, I sang, for me, I sang, my audition song was, Hey there, I would sing that. I'd sing the, the big song was there was nothing like a dame. I got to sing that pretty well. One night, one night, Theodore Quel was in the restaurant. I wanted to impress him so much. So I wanted to sing. There was nothing like a dame, which goes up to a high CI think, or a a g, let's say a G.


It goes up to a high G, which was a note at the time that I could reach. So we had a, a replacement pianist that night. The guy who usually played it for me was not there. So he goes, what, what key do you see it? And I go, I, I don't know. And he goes, well, maybe it's seen and c and as I'm singing and I'm going, this doesn't feel right. So that by the time I go like that, and I hit the wrong note, damn, like it was horrible. And the whole restaurant stopped. I did not impress the ado quel. I went, I ran back to the kitchen and the, the, the chef who was a lovely guy, and he was French, he goes, oh, Richie, that did not sound good.


It was hilarious. Were tips based on your singing? God, no, I, I'd starve. Listen, Terry, I sing, but I'm not a singer. And that I could do son time. I can hit notes, but I can't harmonize and I'm not a singer. People ask me to sing. It's like I'm an improviser, but I'm not a great improviser. I can improvise. There are great singers and there are great improvisers. I'm very good. It's just in my bag of tricks. So I can sing a song, but I'm not great. But I can, I'm very loud. I'm from the Ethel Merman School of Music, and that's what I do. You had a teacher, an acting teacher, who said to you, you're not gonna get the roles until you're In your career.


Right? It's not what Hollywood wants. Yeah. So did, how discouraging was that when your own acting teacher said to you, you're not gonna get the roles until your thirties did, did you see that as discouraging? Like, he's telling me, I'm not gonna get roles, Terry, you heard me or wait, wait, wait. Or did you see it as encouraging with him saying like, it's gonna take some time, but you will get roles when you're in your thirties, you will do well in. No, I had two way. Did you interpret it? You're talking about two teachers. Oh, Okay. My high school teacher, I went to school with a great actor named Robert Curtis Brown. You'd know him as the yuppie in Trading Places. Now he's had a career that's much larger. But whenever I mentioned his name, that's his most famous role. He was a great actor.


He is a great actor and a handsome guy. So I had my high school teacher say, you know, go, go into your dad's business because Hollywood is looking for Robert. Okay. That's who they want. I, I acknowledge that. Then I went to college as a pre-law so that I would take over my dad's door, Frank Otti, a very well-known Chicago theater maven at the Goodman at Steppenwolf and, and a teacher at Northwestern. So when I got his advice, he said, look, go be a producer and so you get to be in showbiz, but you're business. I go, no, it's either I'm an actor or I'm a rich jeweler.


And I, and I said, he said, well, you're not gonna get famous or get, get get known until you're in your thirties when you sort of grow into who you are. Did I believe him? I, I, Terry I wish that I could say this is what I chose to do. All I did was say yes to whatever was presented. And my path was created by that. I didn't set out to join Second City. I went to some place in Chicago, practical Theater company. They saw me and said, do you wanna do Second City? I said, yeah, well, second City taught me a lot, four and a half years.


I, I all of that, that way station of waiting for roles and waiting for roles was spent on stage and getting paid and developing into who the actor who I was in front of 400 people a night. I I, I got lucky. I really did. Your father owned a jewelry store in Princeton and and you sometimes work there and apparently it was a famous store and I would presume you sold a lot of jewelry to men buying gifts for girlfriends and fiances and wives and mistresses. What was it like as a man selling to men who know nothing about women's jewelry, but wanna give something to the woman in their life who they love or they wanna impress or they want to make up with?


Well, Okay, my dad didn't trust me with the beautiful jewels or the, or the expensive stuff. I sold lighters and sterling silver key chains and the pens and stuff like that. Maybe, maybe candelabras, but I didn't sell the expensive stuff and I I was no good. Now I was a good salesman. My dad was a great salesman. I'd spent 45 minutes with some guy saying, oh, you see these pearls, you see how they're graduated? You see how this set of the strand, the pearls match each other best. And then my dad would come up e I've been with the guy for 40 minutes, and he would come up, he goes, bill Mary wants a strand of pearls. And he'd go, yeah.


And he goes, Richie wrapped these up. And he'd pick up the pearls and said, and I would go. And that's, that's what my dad did. I worked and I worked and I worked. Now there's a very funny story where I I, I had a Dunhill lighter, okay? And I'm showing this woman various Dunhill lighters, which are beautiful, lighter. And I pull one out and, and she says, I'll take this one. And I write down $25. And, and she says, no, excuse me, I think that's $250. I go, no, no, it's $25. And I show her and she goes, no, that says $250. And I look, I go, oh my god, $250 for a lighter. So that's the kind of salesman I was.


Yeah, I was, I was not. Great. Let me reintroduce you, if you're just joining us. My guest is Richard Kind. He's currently in the Netflix series. Everybody's live with John Malaney as Malaney sidekick. We'll talk more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR,


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together over on the NPR Politics podcast


On the next through line from NPR For the presidency, I'm indebted to almighty God. I'm in charge of the country and I need to serve all the American people and not just the political machine. The origins of the modern civil service listen to through line, wherever you get your podcasts.


So you Had a significant role in a film. I really love a serious man that was made by the Cohen Brothers. And Michael Stu Bark plays a man whose wife is leaving him. He is, he might be losing his teaching job. A student is kind of blackmailing him. His whole life is falling apart. And he is also wrestling with the concept of God. And with his Judaism, you play his brother, you're a gambler, you're broke, you have a sebaceous cyst. That's become a big problem. You're in misery. And it's, it's a kind of modern day version of the Book of Job. At least that's how I think of it. And I'm wondering if you thought of it that way and if you read or reread the Book of Job to do the role and if people talked about it on the set.


Not at all. I'm glad I asked. I had a teacher who said, every answer you need is in the script. Just read the script. You don't have to do any research. Certainly the Book of Job wouldn't have done anything. I didn't think that was telling the Book of Job. I thought I was talking about this guy named Arthur Gonick and these were his circumstances. And you play pretend if it meshes into what you think is the book of job and you interpret all of that, God bless you. But no, no, no. I, that's not what I did at all.


I just played the scene. What, what are my circumstances? How do I feel? And you, you just play. Pretend that's what it is. What was a Cohen Brothers approach to directing you from your point of view as an actor? What was it like to work with them? They're great. I, I love them. You're always at the height of your game. I was surprised at how word perfect they like their script, but they should, 'cause they're great writers. Sometimes Joel would take a, a, a, a physical position that sort of told me everything about what he wanted in the scene, the scene where the police are at the door, he sat down in a chair and he leaned back.


And Joel is a long lanky man. And his face almost looked five inches longer than it is. And that's what I saw in, when I leaned back in the chair, dare I say, he almost looked like a horse when he was looking back. And that's what I saw. So I played pretend that I was a lovely man, even though I am a poker player. You said a gambler I think of myself as, as a card player, not as necessarily a gambler. And I don't know why, but when you said a gambler, I said, no, I'm not a gambler. I'm a poker player and that's different. I'm a gamesman. I'm not a gambler.


Does that make sense to you? Absolutely. Okay. And then You had, you had a skill, you weren't Yes, I had a skill and they're, they're not letting me play cards anymore. Why aren't, why aren't they doing why I can't even play cards anymore? And what a sad man. I'm a very simple man as opposed to my brother who's a serious man. I'm a I'm a simple man. That's what I saw. I I'm even talking like I'm, as I'm describing this is I don't do that. So that's who the guy was. The movie A serious man is also about, you know, like struggling with your faith. Yes. 'cause the Michael Stu Bar character has conversations with, with rabbis and he's kind of losing his faith because everything's going wrong in his life.


Right. I I know you were on Finding Your Roots and you found out that some of your ancestors were religious leaders in the pale of settlement. Right, right. And the pale of settlement was during the Russian Empire. It was a large area of what we now call Eastern Europe. That was basically the ghetto for Jews. Like Jews had to live within this expanse of land. And so, so many American Jews, their, their grandparents or ancestors lived in the pale of settlement. What did it do to your own faith or religious practice, if you had any, I I know you're born Jewish, I have no idea how observant you are, but what did it do to your level of observance to find out about people on your family tree?


Being religious leaders? I know what God is to me. I don't believe in a Jewish God. I believe in God. I believe there is a power. And I believe that he encompasses all religions. I believe that religion is just something that we go to, to make us feel better or to give us some sort of foundation. So because the world is so full of chaos and we can't really find ourselves, what I do believe is in my ancestors, and I believe that Judaism, that form of foundation must survive because these people gave their lives and they sacrificed and they believed and in the Jewish religion and in a state of Israel and let them have a foundation that they believe in called Judaism.


So it's very important that I know what my roots are and what my heritage is and to serve my heritage. Do you practice any, do you observe the holidays and, and the Sabbath and all that? Like how far do You go? No, I, I don I don't observe the Sabbath. What I do observe is the high Holy Days because that God, who I believe in and, and I live my life daily by I hope acting correctly to my fellow man, which is a form of prayer to me and a form of going to church or going to temple. Wow. I can't believe I just said going to church.


I believe that is my way of, of, of serving God. I believe I'm a good person and, and I try and do, I really do try and do unto others as I would myself. So I do go to Rosh Hashanah and I do go to Yum Kipper, and I am very observant about that. Part of it's karma. Part of it is, Hey, don't tilt the boat. You know, don't, don't, don't rock the boat right now, just keep going. And it's also the acknowledgement of my parents, my grandparents, and all those heritage. But I can't believe that my hair, that no, how my genetics have just dissipated over the years so that they started out as rabbis in the 16 hundreds.


And this is what we end up with me, which are kind, that's, that's horrible. But I do try and study as much as I can and read and try and be up on news and be as, as responsible a citizen as I can to serve those rabbis who were there at the time. What you're saying reminds me of something that you've told another interviewer, which is you said, I have a huge ego with no confidence. You wanna explain? Yeah. Being an actor, it, it's abnormal. It's, it's an, an anomaly. It's unnatural for a man to get up on a stage in front of people.


It's unnatural to be in front of a camera while 50 to a hundred people are behind the camera and pretend that you're somebody else and just lay, bare your emotions or pretend you're somebody else. It's, it's unnatural. You know how people are scared of getting attention and I'm waving my arms going, look at me, look at me, look at me. And yet with that, look at me, look at me, look at me comes a fear of what I said earlier. I'm a fraud. Am I good enough? I can't, I don't know whether or not what I'm doing. And I think any actor worth is salt would like to be better and give a better performance than what they gave there.


There's a, oh my gosh, did I do it correctly? Should I do it again? I need affirmation all the time. It's why I like live theater. Even if it's a drama, I can feel the audience listening to me liking me. That's, and I, and I'm, I'm an empty what? What I'm an empty earn. There's no bottom to the earn of love that I need. That is lack of confidence. And yet my ego says, go out and do it and do it, and do it louder than everybody else. It's who I am. I'm oversized in my voice.


I'm loud in my opinions. When I'm opinionated, I'm really loud. And even my acting, my a funny line that my friend Craig Bierko said in, in, in a toasted once, he goes, the astronauts were up in space and they saw two things, the Great Wall of China and every acting choice Richard kind ever made. And I I love that line so much. It's, it's so funny. It's so funny. Is it how I chose to live my life? No, I, I wouldn't choose it, but it's what I'm saddled with. Do you tell jokes? I mean, you obviously have a great sense of humor, but do you actually tell Joke jokes?


Terry? Nobody tells a joke better than I do. Oh, great. Do you wanna tell us one that you love? Sure. So this mother is making her teenage son's bed and she's tucking in the sheets and she reaches underneath and she pulls out a magazine of, of bondage of like handcuffs and, and whips. And she goes, oh my God. So the husband comes home, she goes, honey, honey, honey, look what I found under Timmy's bed. He goes, oh my God. She goes, what are we gonna do? He goes, well, we're certainly not gonna spank him. That's Great. Oh, I got lots of them. Nobody tells a joke better than I do.


Well, Richard Kind, thank you so much for talking with us. Oh, thank you Terry. It's, this was fun. I enjoyed it. You're you're great. You're great. Richard Kind speaking with Terry Gross Kind is the announcer and sidekick on the series. Everybody's live with John Mullaney. It's live on Netflix Wednesday nights and then streams after we take a short break. Rock critic Ken Tucker will share his take on Kendrick Lamar's track Luther, and two versions of the song It Samples. This is Fresh Air


At Planet Money we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum from A quality standpoint is the best in the World to the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, It's very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry about Planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us Wherever you get your podcasts,


Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR


At n p's pop culture Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss and we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR,


Kendrick Lamar's single Luther, a duet with SIA from his latest album. GNX has spent several weeks at the top of the billboard Hot 100 chart. The track features a sample of Luther Vandross beloved 1982 rendition of If This World Were Mine, a song originally written by Marvin Gaye and first recorded by Gay and Tammy Terrell in 1967, rock critic Ken Tucker has been revisiting all three versions and shares his thoughts on why this song continues to resonate across generations. If this world were mine, Hey Roman, seven days like is high.


If this world was mine, I take it dreams and make 'em most supply. If this world was mine, I take it in the me in front of, introduce him to that hit through strictly with their, With the song Luther Kendrick Lamar stake his claim as that rare thing of great hip hop ballad, singer Lamar samples Luther Vandross. If this world were mine, that's Vandross Croon. You heard in the opening music with Kendrick singing and rapping his own love lyric all around it. In the context in which this song appears on Lamar's album, GNX Luther serves as a soothing interlude, a bit of intimacy on a collection, more often characterized by boasting an aggression the way Lamar invites CSA to join him as a singing partner.


Here it's obvious he's steeped in the soul music tradition of a song that was a hit five years before he was born. If it was, if this world Remain I you, I love you. I won't waste your time. I turn it off just so I can tell you I'm make you say I'm not even tripping. I you. Okay. Now let's hear what Kendrick Lamar loved about that 1982 Luther Vandross. Single Luther is at his swst here, his voice pouring out a sweet syrup that swirls around Cheryl Lynn's tart vine vocal, not widely known for his duets.


Vandross is at once generous and completely commanding here when he sings the words. If this world were mine, you kind of wish God would just hand him the keys. If this world were mine, I would place your feet, all that. You've been so good to me. If this I give you and I need, if this I give you anything, if This world I, You Could have Anything.


If this world, Kendrick Lamars versus in Luther are about the promises he makes to a troubled woman, he loves assuring her that her life will get better with him. The author of If This World Were Mine is Marvin Gaye, whose own lyric in 1967 describes a dreamier scenario than Lamar's. As we might expect from one of the great romantics in pop history, where Lamar speaks of flowers of love that struggle to grow through the cracks of tough city streets gay creates for Tammy Terrell, an easier world of bright sunshine and illuminating moonlight.


The exquisite delicacy of the singing conveys the atmosphere in which such beauty can flourish. If This world mine I at your Feet, All that I own, you've been so good. This I give you the flowers, the birds, and the bees, but with your love inside me, that would be all I need. If this world I give you Anything, If this I make you a king with You could have Anything.


This Duet with Tammy Terrell isn't as famous as others of theirs, such as Ain't No Mountain High enough or You are all I need to get by. In fact, this song was the B side of another hit. If I could build my whole world around you, but listening to if this world were mine, you can hear why First Luther Vandross and then Kendrick Lamar wanted to make sure we never forgot the shimmering beauty of its majestic melody and its hopeful sentiment. Ken Tucker is Fresh Air's rock critic. He reviewed Kendrick Lamar's song Luther from his latest album, GNX, and two versions of the song It Samples Tomorrow on Fresh Air. Melinda French Gates talks with me about her new book the next day, which reflects on motherhood, grief, philanthropy, and life After divorce.


Gates is the former co-chair of the Gates Foundation and founder of Pivotal Ventures, which is focused on advancing women and families. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air,


Having news that your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science Podcast from NPR.


This message comes from stamps.com. How much is an hour of your time worth? Whether you are a realtor, lawyer, accountant, or even a content creator, stamps.com gives you the ability to focus your time on what you do best, not on tedious mailing and shipping tasks, print stamps, shipping labels, or certified mail forms in seconds. More than 4 million customers have relied on stamps.com. Go to stamps.com/npr for a special offer. No contract, cancel any time. That's stamps.com/npr.