
NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media Visit Protect by public media.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Tanya Mosley, and My guest today is Filmmaker Ryan Coogler. You probably know his name as the director of Fruitvale Station Creed and both Black Panther films. Well, his new film is called Sinners and it hit theaters. Just last week delves into horror with a genre bending thriller set in 1930s, Mississippi. The story follows, twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan. After surviving the trenches of World War I and navigating Chicago's criminal underworld, the brothers return home to Mississippi hoping to start fresh by opening a juke joint, but peace does not last long.


Instead, they're met by supernatural forces, vampires who act as metaphors for oppression, exploitation and systems that feed on black life, body and spirit. I only ever heard stories. I ain't never come across them myself. What stories? You heard how Haynes work? They switch places with the soul of a man, but vampires is different. Maybe the worst kind. The soul gets stuck in the body, can't rejoin the ancestors cursed to live here with all this hate. Can't even feel the warmth of a sunrise.


Okay, then can we bring 'em back? Maybe if I kill the ones that made 'em this way, smoke. They have a connection, but they live on, even if the one that made them is killed, the best thing we can do for him is free his spirit from this curse. They gotta be killed one by one. How the hell do we do that? Sunlight now wouldn't stake at all. Ryan Coogler says, sinners is also a tribute to his late Uncle James, who first introduced him to the blues when he was a kid. Kler would soak up his uncle's stories about Mississippi as old Delta Blues Records spun in the background. Kugler's debut into the film world happened in 2013 with Fruit Vale Station, which chronicled the final hours of Oscar Grant, a young black man killed by police in Oakland.


Since then, he's become the highest grossing black filmmaker in history, and the youngest director to helm a billion dollar movie with Black Panther. He decided to press pause on making Black Panther three to take the risk of making sinners. Ryan Kler, welcome to Fresh Air. And congrats on this film. I have seen it twice and I enjoyed it very much. Hey, I, I appreciate you having me. I'm, I'm really thrilled to be here. So, Ryan, you put Black Panther three on hold. That is a billion dollar franchise, as I mentioned, to make this film. In a moment when it seems like Hollywood is kind of playing its safe to sequels and remakes, what made you say, this is the story I have to tell now?


And even if it means stepping away from the success of something like a Marvel machine, did that feel like a risk? Yes, but to be honest with you, it would've been more of a risk to not make it. The movie was kind of on my heart, and when you have something that clear for me, it's, it's a rare thing. And, and, and I had this, this idea, and it was very Well, I, I will go back to say like, I, I didn't put anything on hold for this. You know, it was more, you know, like that last Panther film took a lot of time.


You know, it, it was, it took more time than any of us had anticipated. It taking, you know, those movies, those movies tend to take about two years. You know, this one took four because of The last Black Panther film. Yeah, yeah. The Black Panther were kind of feather. It was because of the, the, the tragic passing of Chadwick Baldman rest in Peace, the, the, the global pandemic and, and, and in making those films, man, like, like there's so many, there's so much interest. There's so many people involved. There's so many Indus industries that are around When it comes to a Marvel film. Right, right. Yes. Yeah. Yes, yes. Because, because, you know, and, and, and it is, I'm not, I'm not complaining about it, but there, there's a, a lot of pressure around those movies, and I had just made two back to back, you know, so, so, so I was coming off of, I was coming off of both of those projects, you know, knowing there was no way I was gonna do another one next, you know, I was gonna to do something, you know, I was gonna have to do something different, you know, you know, before I, before I came back to that, but, but for me, I, I got, I got hit by almost like a bolt of lightning.


You said this particular film, sins was like, it was on your heart to do. And I, I want you to take us back to when that idea really clicked for you that yeah, not only the creation of a story like this, but that the story didn't have to live in one genre or even one reality, because yeah, you're blending so much here. I mean, you're blending history, historical drama, action, all against the backdrop of 1930s Mississippi. What made you realize that this mix was necessary to fully bring this story to life? This movie was like all about dichotomy, you know? And, and, and, and that's something that I've been dealing with my whole life, you know, this, this feeling of not totally fitting in or, or, or, or things not totally squaring with each other.


You know, like coming up, I was black, I was from Oakland, I was middle class, and I was in, I was in these neighborhoods where my parents were kind of outliers. They got married young, and they went to college, but they stayed in their neighborhood, you know? So I constantly, as a, as a kid would feel like I was like, living in two different worlds. There was a dichotomy there, and I took the, I took the students serious. I was like a big old giant nerd, but I was, but I was also like a very, very serious athlete, you know? And where I'm from to be a athlete, you like adjacent to street culture, you know what I'm, you know what I'm saying?


Like, you know, you get, you know, you get cool points in the streets when you, when you, when you good at football or basketball or running track. Like I was, I was also raised Christian. I was raised Baptist in the, in the Black Baptist tradition, you know what I'm saying? But I was going to Catholic school, so I was, I was, I was around these like, two very different types of Christianity and trying to reckon, you know what I mean, reckon with that on a daily basis. And it made me, it made me very sensitive to things of identity, you know, and, and the dichotomy as an idea. That's so interesting, because I really feel it almost with every single character in this film.


I wanna talk to you in a minute about how you complicate like villains, but the use of vampires in particular to like really articulate the story. One of the vampires says in the film, I want your stories and I want your songs. And that line is very important For you. Gotta you gotta finish. You gotta finish it though. You, it said something after that. Yeah. He says, and you and you gonna have mine. Yes. Right, right. Exactly. Exactly. Right. Yeah, it's important. That's such an important line because it brings into focus that these vampires are like draining more than blood. They're draining culture and identity, but they're also offering something back.


Like in replacement of that, like, how did you land on using vampires as a metaphor for that kind of extraction? I mean, I'll be honest with you to, to, to me, allegory metaphor, all of these, all of these things, I, I'm not gonna tell you that they're not present in my work, right. But I, I, I was not in this case, with this project, I was not being conscious of it. You know, like I, I was, I was trying to, you know, I was trying to communicate a feeling through cinematic language. And, and the reality is, as I've gotten older in this, in, in this business and in this craft, you know, I realize that if I can make something true, the, the, it's up to the viewer to draw those parallels.


You, you take the thing and you analyze it, and with, and in your analysis, you might project your own experiences, your own knowledge. You know what I'm saying? And you might draw certain parallels that, that weren't the parallels that I was intending, you know? But I think it's super fascinating though, that, like, when I asked you the question about like, what drew you to this story and why you had to tell this story, you said immediately, like, my life experiences is the reason why I wanted to tell this story. What drew you to a vampire story? Yeah, I love vampires, man. Like, like, you know, and, and I, I love horror fiction. I love horror movies.


I love fantasy. I was raised, you know, around a lot of organized religion and vampires intersect with all of that, you know what I mean? Like, and I grew up, also grew up in, in Oakland, which like was, which is very dominated by street culture, you know? And you know, you know, all of these things, like I, I find vampires, they, they pull from all of that in terms of supernatural creatures. And I thought when I, when I, when the idea came to me for this movie, I thought about, I thought about other supernatural creatures as a thing that they con that they confront at the juke joint.


I went down the line, you know, like I thought about werewolves, I thought about zombies, you know, I thought about shapeshifters, which, which in some, in some indigenous cultures might be referred to as skin walkers. I thought about all, you know, I got, I, I went through the whole Rolodex, you know, and, and I, and I, and I kept coming back to vampires because of everything that the vampire implies in public consciousness. You know, vampires, it's not a steadfast rule, but it's pretty commonly associated with sensuality. Vampires are expected to be sexy, usually expected to be fashionable, usually expected to be knowledgeable, usually expected to be very powerful.


It's not thought of as, as wrong if a vampire is converted to Vam prism, but they maintain that human personality, you know, the human memories. It's a fascinating premise. You know, you'll see a version of this, you know what I mean? Almost in, almost in every culture. And, and to me, you know, like that, that, that is just like a fascinating thing. If I'm, if I'm trying to have a conversation about if our common humanity, you know, like, which, which, which for me, you know, this movie is about, you know, and, and, and, and you know, what, what better, what better to contrast, you know? Oh, the other piece that the vampire involved is, is the, the, the F Chian deal.


I was very interested in that. Like this crossroads, like the devil, yes. The deal with the devil, that's kind of thing. Robert Johnson is who's most associated with that fable. And, and, and there's this tradition of things being taken, you know what I mean? The songs being sung over and over again, you know, by black people, you know? And then it was eventually done by white people, you know, like, and because it was, and because it was such a awfully racist time when they built this industry genre was kind of born outta this idea. Like where, where, where, where a black person would ing a song and, and you talking about a backbreaking form of apartheid and, you know, at, at this time, and a black person sings a song.


White person comes, sings the same song, same lyrics, same, same rhythm, same music. And they will say, alright, the black person song that is a race record, we going, we gonna sell that as a race record. This song is rock and roll. You know what I mean? We gonna sell that as rock and roll, like that, that concept, you know? And imagine me in 2025 saying, Hey, I'm gonna make a genre movie. Not even understanding that classification of art and how some art is above other art. You know what I'm saying? I'm, you know, it's a period drama. Oh, this is a, oh, this is a genre movie. You know, I, I realized, oh man, my people have been at war with this, you know, from, from the, from the beginning. This has been a tool kind of, kind of lobbied against us, you know?


So, so for, so for me, the, the vampire was a creature who's like human adjacent, who was human at some point, you know, became something else. But, but through their advanced age, they could see society for what it was. Jack O'Connell, who plays Remic, the Irish vampire antagonist, he is relatable, kind of in the same way that I'm thinking about Killmonger and Black Panther was relatable, like in many ways, saying kind of speaking the truth, speaking the truth to systems of oppression, what draws you to creating antagonists who are in many ways right, about the things that they know.


You know, it's not such a straight line, good guy, bad guy. Like each one is complicated. I think that's scarier, you know? It Is scarier. Yes. Say more about that. Yeah. That, I think that's, I think it's more frightening when, when, when the film, the film is about blues music, right? Which is, which is, which is storytelling, but it's also a music that I think was made to help people who were constantly under attack to help them cope, to help them feel better and to remind them that they were, and to remind them that they were human.


You know what I mean? To remind them like, like, and, and, and, and, and, and that's what the music is. And for me to have a, a, a creature who's incredibly powerful, who was human at a time, who is, who is, who is in pain, you know, and who and who, who needs to cope in, in a, in a way that only a community can, can, can, can, can, can give him, if, if I can make a film where you're afraid of this guy, you know what I mean? But that, but that's really what's going on with him. I thought about it after, after I wrote it and I said, oh man, who does he lie to? And who is he honest with?


Because for me, it's very clear that he identifies with these people, Meaning like the black people, right? This a Hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. He identifies with them and that connection between what we experienced, we being African Americans, foundational African Americans who experienced under the Forcable removal from, from, from, from, from the continent of Africa and, and, and placement, you know what I mean? In the Americas and, and the systems that were built after that, you know, our experience and the experience of the Irish people being forced to work, you know, laying at the eyes, immeasurable, abundance and wealth, but being denied that. Yeah. So, so, so, so I mean, like, the connections between the two cultures are really obvious.


The spot, you know, you know, but, but also like the, in the, the history here in the States is very complicated, you know what I mean? Like, like, you know, because of, because of the mobility of, of, of, of certain immigrants that, that, that, you know, that that the ability to become white, you know what I mean? And Right, The Irish became white. Yes. Yeah. And, and, and what that took as it relates to, to camaraderie with us, you know what I mean? A decision had to be made, you know what I'm saying? And when you making a movie about, about American blues music, you know what I'm saying? Like the, you know, Irish folks gotta have a place in that, you know, you know what I mean?


Like, they were there. It's so interesting because I think that most of us don't know that history. And so when it shows up in the film, it makes sense when you go back and you read the history, which I did, 'cause I didn't know it going into this film, but I had To learn it afterwards. There's also the Chinese American store owners who in the film operate these two grocery stores. So one is in the black part of town, and then one is in the white zone. And they kind of exist in like, Well, I mean, it's across the street from each other. Yeah. It's, it's, it's the white side of the street in the, in the black side. Yeah. Right. I mean, they're never fully kind of accepted in white or black communities, but more so it feels like in black communities.


I had a friend who saw the movie and said like, did this really happen? When did you learn about that history? You know, the reality is they were accepted in the black community. You know how all you found out was, was, was, was ironic. Like, like, you know, 10 years or so back we were doing 23. And me, you know, and I obviously a lot of that, they in the news a lot lately I've been seeing. But, but you know, everybody was trying to find out that their heritage and, and for, for, for foundational black people, you know what I mean? We was jumping on it, right? 'cause 'cause because of, you know, all of the indignities done to, to our ancestors at the top of it was the deliberate splitting of, of ethnic groups through the transatlantic slave trade to, to quell rebellions that were constantly happening, you know?


So, so as a result of that, you know, we don't know where ethnic group we from. I spatting the tube and, and you know, like checked it out and they just came back. It came back like 86% West African. And I was like, oh man, that doesn't tell me what I like, I knew, I knew that. I know that. Yeah. And, and I, and I shared it with, I shared it with, with Chadwick Baldman when we met and he said, Hey man, check out African ancestry. 'cause they do it the proper way where you can really find out, you know, some answers to these questions. And, and I, and I did mine and, and my wife, whose father is, is, is African American. Her mom is from the Philippines, you know what I'm saying? Sergeant Pops takes the test. He tested, he tested his ex chromosome, his Y chromosome, right? His ex chromosome comes back, west African, guess what?


His Y chromosome comes back. Chinese Han Chinese. He, you know, this man is in his nineties. He opened that packet it up and said like, what the, you know what I, you know what I mean? And, and where was he? Where's he from? He was born in Chicago. Where are his parents from? From Mississippi. That's Right. So, so we, so we, we, we started digging into it. You know what I'm saying? You know, we find, we find out that, you know, my, my my my, my wife's black dad comes from these people. The eraser, you know, they were there. You know, that is not, that is not, you know, the only thing, like what I like to say, the only thing false in this movie is the vampires. You know what I'm saying? Like, you know, you know, they were, they, they, they, they were, they were absolutely there.


Our guest today is filmmaker Ryan Coogler. We'll be back right after a short break. I'm Tanya Mosley and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, no idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney Plus follow Cassie Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is now streaming only on Disney plus.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR At NPRs pop culture, happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR.


The technical wow factor to the way the images popped is, is really striking. Specifically for me. The cotton field driving scenes were those real cotton fields. They they were, they were, but we had to, we had to transplant 'em. And then we used, we used digital technology to replicate them at times. Did you ever have a moment in a cotton field? In, in the making of This? Oh yeah. Well, I had a moment before, like, like when I was still trying, when I was still, when I didn't have a movie in my head just yet. But I was, but I was dealing with a lot of the elements. I was working on Panther two and I was in Byron Georgia, and I looked out, out the window when my, when my team street was driving me to the hotel.


And I, and I saw my first cotton field in person. What was that like? Man, it really messed me up, man. I told him to pull over, you know? 'cause I was already sad and contemplative, you know what I mean? And I got out the car and, and walked into it and, you know, took a piece. I took a piece home. I still got it at home now. But, you know, the fact that I'd been at this age and, and done all that I'd done and had never seen, you know, I wear a cotton every day, you know? And I know the story of my people and you know, the fact that what for many years has been the most powerful, you know, empire in the world sentenced them to that being a life, working in, in these cash crop fields.


And, and I like looking at it, seeing it for the first, for the first time. It messed me up. And I knew I wasn't done with it. I'm really struck by what you said that, you know, the blues connected people to their humanity. It reminded them that they were human and blues serves really as the sound and the soul of this film. Your relationship with the Blues, you talk about your Uncle James. What, what music did he play around you? What was he into? Man, he played all of it, man. He, he, he was, he was big on Albert King. He was big on Muddy. He was big on Holland Wolf. He was big on, on Coco Taylor, big on John Lee Hooker, Sonny Boy Williamson, Mississippi, Fred McDowell.


He's big on all of 'em, man. You being a kid of the eighties and the nineties, what was it like for you to sit at his knee and listen to that music? Did you appreciate it at that young age? I just liked, I just liked being with him. I wasn't thinking about the music, you know, like, like I, I associated it with him. And at that time, the blues wasn't for, I didn't think the blues was for me. I didn't think it was mine. You know, like, like it was, it was just all mans. And like, and like, to be honest with you, I thought the blues was like for white people, you know what I'm saying? 'cause 'cause at that time, you know, you had like the movie The Blues Brothers, which I hadn't seen, but, but you know, on upholstery it was these white dudes with these hats, you know what I'm saying?


Like, you know, and so I was, I was like, okay, you know, the, the blues is for old black people and it's for white people. You know what I'm saying? Because I was listening, I was listening to, to, to Tupac. And, and what's crazy is my favorites song group in music video was Bone Thugs Crossroads. Mm. Not even knowing, not even knowing that like, you know, like the crossroads is like, you know what I'm saying? Like that's a blues thing, you know what I mean? Like, it made its way in the, in the Cleveland gangster rap. But it was really that, you know, but I didn't know, I, I was, I, I was a kid and it, and it took my uncle dying and then me listening to the music without him anymore to explain it to me.


But I'm trying to hang on to every word trying to see if, if, if, you know what I'm saying? Like, if I could get a clue about my uncle's life or like why he liked this stuff, you know what I'm saying? And then, and then boom, I realized that the brilliance of it, like that this was the base that everything came out of. How did legendary blues guitarist buddy guy become part of this project? It was so cool to see him. That was like a really cool cameo. Buddy guy was like the last musician my uncle would go see consistently, you know, he would, he would get dressed up and go to his concerts, like up, up till his death. So when I was finishing up the script, I had this idea.


When I got to those last few scenes, I was like, oh man, wouldn't it be cool if, like, wouldn't my uncle get a kick outta buddy guy being in this movie? You know? So, so I kind of got that, I kind of had that idea. And, and I talked to my casting director, Francine Maisler, and my producers Z Zzi and Sev and, and said, Hey, I wanna try to get up, get Buddy guy in this movie. And, and you know, everybody kind of panicked a little bit, you know? But then, but then, but then, you know, we, we, we got into it and Zzi and I went out there and went to his, his, his, his restaurant, blues Club Legends. I, I fully expected Buddy got to say, Hey man, it's nice to meet you kid, but I'm not, I'm not being in a movie. You know what I mean? Like, like, I'm like, I'm good.


I'm, you know, I'm almost 90 years old, bro. You know, like, like I'm not, I don't have time for that. And, and, and so I was prepared for that. But his kids, man, they were smiling at me, you know, and, and, and I gotta sit down and he's like, look, you know, I don't, you know, I don't know who you are or what you do, but my grandkids tell me I should sit with you. Mm. And I should hear, I should hear you out. You know? And, and I've decided, you know, whatever you, whatever you need from me. 'cause they speak so highly of you. You know, I, I'm in Has he seen the film? Have you guys talked to He has. Yeah. We, we showed, we showed it to him in, we showed it to him in Chicago.


What did he say? He gave it a stamp of approval, you know, like, like, you know, 'cause you know, that was his life, man. He, he was a sharecropper in, in Louisiana and, and had to make the decision to, to leave home. And he has so many beautiful stories, but a lot of 'em are heartbreaking, man. Like, he, he wears, he wears polka dots, polka dot suits, polka.guitars. And, and, and I, and I asked him why. And he said when he, when he left home to become a blues musician, he told his mom he was gonna make enough money to buy her a polka dot Cadillac, you know? And, and she, and she passed away before he could do it. So the Polkadots became his trademark, you know what I'm saying?


And just that story of him having, like, me imagining this, this nearly 90-year-old man having to explain to his mom, Hey, I'm gonna leave home. I'm gonna try to go be a, I'm gonna try to go make it with this guitar, you know, while she's in what was a slave shack in Louisiana, you know what I mean? Like sharecropping, you know. And he's, and he's here in 2025, completely lucid telling me all about it. Let's take a short break if you're just joining us, my guest is filmmaker Ryan Kler. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh Air


On the next through line from NPR For the presidency. I'm indebted to almighty God. I'm in charge of the country and I need to serve all the American people and not just the political machine. The origins of the modern civil service, listen to through line, wherever you get your podcasts.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


Keeping up with the news can feel like a 24 hour job. Luckily, it is our job. Every hour on the NPR News Now podcast, we take the latest, most important stories happening and we package 'em into five minute episodes. So you can easily squeeze 'em in between meetings. And on your way to that thing, listen to the NPR News Now podcast. Now,


There is this moment when one of the twins, he, he says something like, it's better to deal with the devil, you know, and he's referring to having lived in Chicago and up north and gone all across the world, but now he's back in Mississippi. And you being a guy who was born and raised on the West Coast and in Oakland, your accent gives it away. What Did you learn growing up about kind of those myths? Like you talk about the shame a little bit, but those myths that somehow Yeah, the West or the North or the East was better than the South.


I was born in the wake of the military defeat of the Black Panthers. So that dream of a better life in the West, you know, I was gone. You did not grow up with that myth that where you are is better than the South. No, I grew up, look, the first movie I seen in theaters was Boys in the Hood, you know, which, which, which, which, you know, I was five years old. My dad took me to, to see that movie and, and, and, and, you know, I was, that was what was happening, you know, down the Highway five from us. You know, I was four years old. You saw Boys in the Hood at four years old. I was, I was like, I might have been actually five. Yeah. Yeah.


I was born at 86. I think that movie came out 91. Yeah, I was five years old. Yo, my dad. But, but my, you know, my dad was, was, you know, dad in his twenties, he heard that there was a, he had, he had just lost his father before I was born. My mom's dad died before he, before I was born. Both my parents' fathers died within two weeks of each other, right after they got married. And, and, you know, he was, he, he, I heard that this was a movie Fathers black fathers text his sons too. So he took me, you know, did the same thing with Malcolm X. And, and like six months later, Five years old in the theater watching Boys in the Hood. Yeah. Yeah. Do you remember the scenes that like, I remember everything Were seared into your brain that stuck with you because that's a real powerful movie for a 5-year-old.


I remember, I remember the whole movie. Yeah. My memory with movies is, is, is is pretty, pretty solid. But yeah, I remember all of it. I saw Malcolm X shortly after and was, it was really ironic because I, we just premiered Sinners in that same, in that same, in that same room at that same theater. And my and my dad sat, my dad sat in, in, in, in the same row. You noted in the moment that like, while my dad is sitting in that same row and we're Absolutely man in the same was a mess. Yeah. I was a mess the whole night. Yeah. Yeah. I was a mess the whole night. It's my favorite screening of anything I ever met. You and Michael B. Jordan, you guys have worked on Fruit Vale Station and Creed, black Panther, and now Sinners in Sinners.


He plays Twin Brothers. Why twins? That's a great question. The film deals with dichotomy, as I mentioned. And I was born into a family with loads of twins, specifically like my, my mom's older sisters who are identical Auntie Merlon and Auntie Kerlin. So you saw that intimacy of twins up close. Oh yeah. My whole life. Like, I can't, like my, my my, my aunts have always been around. One of 'em is my godmother, you know? So they always been a part of my life. The dynamic between them and the stories, you know, next, they're in their seventies now and they live next door to each other. But the, but the stories man of like, of like them beating people up and you know, like the fact that they can't, that they, that, that they can't live with each other.


They can't live without, they constantly arguing, you know? And the games, they would play with people when people couldn't tell 'em apart. And, and the fact that I, that us and our family always could, we could turn our backs and, and feel one of 'em come into the room and know which one it was. You know what I'm saying? So, so it was something that I, I was always interested in, in exploring and, and it, it felt mythical. The other thing is like, identical twins are kind of always outlaws, you know, that kind of always local celebrities and like, there's always like a level of, of othering that happens with them. So I was talking to filmmaker Ramel Ross a few months ago about his Basketball career. Oh yeah. Rammel career. Yeah. Yeah. He, he relayed how hard it was for him.


'cause you know, he played basketball from the time he was a kid all the way through college. And then he got an injury and it took him a long time to like, sit in this role as filmmaker. And you have a similar story. You played football in college, you suffered a shoulder injury. What was that process of transition like for you? Especially when there's so much of your identity tied to like, being a ball player? It was, it was so, so that wasn't totally accurate. Like, I, I suffered a lot of injuries, like, like broke all type of bones, but, but injuries didn't take me out. I was actually healthy when I stopped. Mm. Which was, which was, which was more difficult than if, than if I I wouldn't have been, I think, you know, because I, I made the decision to stop playing when I could have kept, I could have kept playing.


Why you make that decision? Well, I think my heart was in filmmaking more and I knew I wanted to make films while I was young. You know, 'cause I, 'cause I felt like, I felt like young people weren't represented in the industry behind the camera. You know? Like I could feel it in the, in the movies. Whenever I watched a movie about a young person, I was like, man, I don't know if this is accurate, you know? And I realized, oh yeah, man, like, you know, the average age for, for somebody directing something is a lot higher than, than than these characters they're portraying. You know? And, and for, for me, you know, I wanted to try to try to get going early. I had this instinct that, that I should try to, I got something to say now, if that makes sense.


Mm. To be a voice of a generation. I wouldn't say all of that To be a voice in a of a generation. Like one of There you go. The voices. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. One of 'em. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. One of 'em for sure. I wanted to contribute while I still was young. That was all. And I, and I realized that I liked the movies by young filmmakers. I remember watching Mean Streets and saying, oh yeah, this a different Scorsese than, than think than Goodfellas or, or, or departed, you know what I'm saying? Like, just feels like I can feel his youth, you know what I'm saying? Or, or do the right thing, you know, versus Black Klansmen, you know what I'm saying? Both, both, both great movies, but like, it's a different Spike.


Movies made by young people are almost always really dynamic that that youth and their optimism and they, and they, and they anger it kind of infects the cinema. So I wanted to do that, you know, like, and, and it was like, damn, like I, I could keep playing football and see how long this takes me, but I had a feeling that it would be a while if I, if I kept pursuing ball, you know, I could, I could play for a little bit more. I wanna end asking you about Legacy because I heard there was a bidding war over sinners and part of the deal was that you'd retain Final Cut and you get share of the theatrical opening and eventually own the film Yeah. Outright after 25 years, which I felt like that's such a boss move.


Is that all right? First off, and, and why was it important for You? I mean, I mean it's, it's, it's, it's some truth that some of those articles are like, I haven't seen any that were, that were totally accurate. But the thing is, is like what I'm, what I'm, what I'm, you know, those terms are not new terms. Like they're not unique, you know, I will say they are unique, but there are other filmmakers out there in the world who have not made as much money as I have at the box office who've had these terms for a long time. It's not that unique, you know, for me to, I, I asked for these to have asked for these terms and for me to have received them. Right.


You know, I wrote the script on spec. My production company has made some really incredible movies in the past, you know, and, and there was, there was no shortage of companies that wanted to work with us, thankfully. You know what I mean? Like, for me, the film was so personal and, and, and, and about my family and, you know, a hundred years ago, my family were sharecroppers a hundred years before that, that were a different type of situation, if you catch what I'm saying. So for me, that was something that I stood on, you know, that my company stood on, you know, and I was so thrilled that, that Warner Brothers was, was comfortable that standing on that and, and saw value in this project.


And I, I have to imagine there were some people that were upset about that. You know what I mean? Like, Well, I feel like owning sin outright after 25 years, I mean, it is a long play and I, I just wonder Long time vision for this story. I pray that I, I'm still around over that kind of Timeline, right? I mean, but is It, I mean, something that You imagine expanding or revisiting or building upon An future? No, no. I I, I, I wouldn't rule, I wouldn't rule anything out, but that was not the reason, like the reason for me was just, for me, it was just this story that I wanted to, to, to you, you, you listed the films that I've made before. I made these movies when I was very young and they came at a steep price. I was not there when my uncle died because I was making a movie.


I miss, I miss so much, you know, making these movies before I was 40 years old. And I, and they've, and they've done well over $2 billion at the box office. You understand? And I, and I will never own any of these movies. The next movie I'll make Black Panther three. I will not own that. Disney will own that. You know, it was time for me to own this. Ryan Coogler, this has been such a pleasure to be in conversation with you. Thank you so much for this and thank you for this film. Thank you for watching and thank you for talking about it and, and, and bringing your, your brilliant expertise to it. I'm looking forward to folks hearing it.


Ryan Cooglers new film Centers is now in theaters after a short break. Carolina Miranda reviews a new novel by Layla Ami. This is Fresh Air Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR, Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work.


She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that we'd only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get there. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast, In her new novel, the Dream Hotel author Leila Ami plunges us into the story of a woman who is imprisoned solely on the basis that she might commit a crime.


Ami who was born in Morocco and is now based in Los Angeles, won the American Book Award for her 2014 historical novel, the Moores account. It was also a finalist for Pulitzer Prize contributor Carolina Miranda reviews L'S novel and the Disquieting ways it speaks to our tech saturated lives. Sarah Hussein hasn't committed a crime, but perhaps she was flagged because she dreamt about it or because of the heated argument she'd had with a crackpot on social media. Or maybe it was the images of early 20th century Moroccan rebel fighters. She'd been posting to the internet.


Whatever the cause, Sarah now finds herself incarcerated in the California desert because an algorithm has determined she's an imminent risk. What exactly that risk may be and when and under what conditions she might be released is anybody's guess. This is the dystopian premise of Leila Emmy's gripping new novel, the Dream Hotel. In this unsettling vision of the future, a company called Dream Cloud makes brain implants that give insomniacs like Sarah a better night's rest, while also harvesting valuable data from their dreams. The blandly titled Risk Assessment Administration assigns individuals a score that determines how likely a person might be to commit a violent crime.


But how that score is calculated is confidential, and the places where high risk individuals are held for observation called retention centers are run by a private company called Safe X that contracts out detainees as cheap labor to corporations into the crosshairs of these overlapping systems. Step Sarah, a busy 30 something mother of twins who works as a museum archivist in Los Angeles. She's in the process of returning from a conference in London when an elevated risk score based partly on data taken from her dreams, gets her dinged for retention at LAX.


The Dream Hotel has been compared to Philip k Dick's 1956 science fiction novella. The Minority Report that story imagined a society in which police arrest people for the crimes they have not yet committed based on data produced by a trio of humans with predictive powers. But the minority report with its snappy gumshoe dialogue is told from the perspective of the police. AMI instead sends us down the psychological rabbit hole of what it means to be incarcerated without due process. In a world where your fate is decided by algorithms, the narrative is propulsive. But what makes the novel so absorbing are the ways the author makes this near future world come to life.


Much of the story is presented as an omniscient third person narrative, but in between lallie inserts, fragments of emails, corporate reports, and bits of a procedural manual, all of which give insight into the systems that keep people like Sarah indefinitely detained. Ultimately, it is Sarah who is the beating heart of this remarkable story, and LaMi gives us a character that isn't simply an archetype, but a real human being full of ambition and ambivalence. Sarah is a scholar of post-colonial African history who works at the Getty Museum. She's also a woman who dwells on her insecurities and on petty annoyances like the mundane squabbles she has with her husband.


Occasionally, she's betrayed by her own irritability. The novel credibly conveys her harrowing sense of disorientation as the wide world she once inhabited is reduced to a cell. Sarah's most relatable trait is the struggle she faces trying to contain the rage that she feels over her situation, rage that if expressed, will only worsen her circumstances. As the narrator tells us, compliance begins in the body. The trick is to hide any flicker of personality or hint of difference. It's a condition that isn't specific to her incarceration.


As a woman of color, Sarah's of Moroccan descent, she's not the kind of person who is generally afforded the benefit of expressing anger. To inhabit Sarah's story is to hear the echoes of real people who are held in private immigration detention centers who have no legal recourse and no timeline for when they might get released. Her book also paints a grim picture about the ways in which our data can betray us. AMI was inspired to write the novel after receiving a notification from her smartphone, giving her the travel time to a yoga class, but she had never set such a reminder. Her phone was simply keeping track of her personal habits.


The Dream Hotel is a suspenseful novel. The book Simmering Tension is whether Sarah will be able to find a way out of this trap. This ordinary woman who has plotted through life has to figure out how to undermine a system that has overtaken her mind and her body. Carolina Miranda reviewed the Dream Hotel by Layla Ami. Tomorrow on Fresh Air journalist Paul Tuff, on the mystery of A DHD, attention Deficit Hyperactivity disorder. While millions of Americans have the diagnosis and are treated with stimulants, there is no scientific consensus about the biological roots of the condition and some medical concerns about common treatments.


I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our managing producer is Sam Brier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annmarie Baldonado, Lauren k Crile, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, Susan Nadi, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producer is Molly CV Nesper. Roberta Schrock directs the show with Terry Gross. I'm Tanya Mosley.


Do you remember when discovering a new artist felt like finding buried treasure at all songs considered NPR R'S Music Recommendation podcast. We put that kind of magic back into discovering new tracks. We're here to make the hunt for new music easy, delivering you the cream of the crop from every genre. We'll help you make music feel fun again, only on all songs considered from NPR.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a new show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or Going to Work. So listen to The Up First podcast from NPR.