
This message comes from Hulu, from Visionary Filmmaker Tika, YTT, and author Charles Yu. The Hulu original series Interior Chinatown tells the story of an ordinary waiter swept up in a criminal investigation. All episodes are now streaming on Hulu.


This is Fresh Air, I'm m Tanya. Moseley and I recently had the chance to check out the movie Amelia Perez, the new Spanish language musical that stars My guest today. Selena Gomez. The film is centered on a lawyer named Rita, played by Zoe Salana, who is kidnapped and tasked with helping a ruthless Mexican cartel leader secretly undergo gender affirming surgery to begin a new life. As Amelia Perez, Selena Gomez plays Jesse Del Monte, the wife of the cartel leader, who knows nothing about her husband's transition, and is led to believe that Amelia Perez is a distant cousin. The film is almost entirely in Spanish and Gomez, who grew up speaking it, but lost fluency, took lessons to prepare for the role.


Here she is singing a stirring performance of which means welcome.


That's Selena Gomez singing in the new Netflix movie musical. Amelia Perez as an Ensemble Gomez, along with Zoe Saldana and Carla Sophia Gascon, who portrays both Amelia Perez and the Cartel Leader before she transitions, won the canned film festival jury prize for best actress. Selena Gomez is an actor, singer, and the founder of the successful Cosmetic Line Rare Beauty. She began acting in 2002 at 10 years old on the television series, Barney and Friends, she went on to star in several Disney shows before her breakout role in the series, the Wizards of Waverly Place as a musician. She's had 16 consecutive top 40 hits on the billboard.


Hot 100, the longest active run of any artist, and she's the most followed woman on Instagram. We talked about some of her struggles with such a high level of fame and her diagnosis of lupus and bipolar disorder. Gomez was nominated for an Emmy award for her role and the Mystery Comedy series, Only Murders in the Building alongside Steve Martin and Martin Short. Selena Gomez. Welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you. That was such a lovely introduction. I was wondering, you spent, was it nearly half a year training, preparing for this role? learning Spanish? You actually grew up speaking Spanish until something happened.


It took a turn, yeah. Where you weren't speaking it anymore. I was fluent when I was seven and before then, all up until then. But I got my first job at seven and most of my jobs from that point on were English and I moved from Texas to California to pursue my dream with Disney and I again, just lost it and I, you know, and that's, that's kind of the case for a lot of people, especially Mexican American. I think, you know, my cousins and people in our lives, it's so dominated by English speaking people, which is fine.


But I wish I had had more. I wish I just knew a lot more than I do, but I think that's why I try to honor my culture as much as possible from releasing an album in Spanish to, you know, wanting to, to pursue this movie that I thought would be an incredible challenge. and I, don't think it'll be the last thing I do in Spanish. Do you feel more fluent in it now? I do. And don't try to talk anything around me. 'cause I will know what you're saying if you think that I can, I I just have a hard time responding sometimes to like form the sentence correctly. Right, because even though you weren't speaking it, did you feel like you could understand it when you heard other folks speak It completely?


Yeah. It's also, you know, Spanish is one of the most beautiful languages and the inflections and the melody behind how they speak it, it's very telling and it's a very emotional language. I think. Let's talk a little bit about the themes in the movie. She's looking for freedom because she's married to this very brutal drug kingpin. And so all the things that go along with that life. She has two children by him. It's not explicitly Sid, but it, it seems as if maybe she got married when she was very young to him. Yeah, that's correct.


There's a transformation with your husband from male to female, but there's also a transformation of this character. She's like a dormant volcano of a wife. And we watch her as she goes through and I wanna play a clip. And this clip I'm about to play, it's several years after her husband has had the transition. She thinks he's dead. She's goes back to Mexico and she connects with a man who really is the love of her life. And in this scene, the two of you, this man, you and this man, you all are in a club and you're singing the song. Mic Camino. Let's listen.


That's my guest, Selena Gomez singing the song Mika Mino in the musical film, Amelia Perez. Okay, Selena, this is a liberation song. It is, it's so beautiful. I'm so proud of it. The words, I'm gonna read a little bit of the, the words in English. If I fall into the ravine, it's my ravine. If I double the pain, it's my pain. If I send myself to the seventh heaven, it's my heaven. If I lose my way, it's still mine. I wanna love myself. It's a liberation song. And to me, without like being too sappy about it, I feel like it sounds familiar to your life path. Do you see that? Yeah, actually I do.


It's, it was one of the most emotional songs that I got to record during the process of shooting this movie. and I remember just singing it and thanking to myself, this could have been my song, you know, this could have been a, you know, me song on an album I would put out personally because it's so well said and it feels very true to who I am to where I am. I, I think that when I do make mistakes, I don't feel like I should or, or necessarily need to be punished for them.


It's something that I feel like I need to grow and learn from. and I think that sometimes there's been moments in my career where people weren't allowing me to grow up. I weren't allowing me to make choices that, you know, wasn't exactly what they thought I should be doing. Acting as you said, is always been your first love. We're gonna get into some things like, I can't believe Girl Interrupted is one of the first films you saw. Like what? I'm Sorry Bob. I know. Sorry mom. Yeah, no, my mom was, you know, she was so just, I just remember feeling like she was the coolest person ever.


She's still cool, but as a kid I looked up to her so much and, but She kind of was, I mean, she was 16 when she had you so she was a young mom. Oh yeah, she was a young cool mom. We were like sisters. Yeah, in a way. And she loved, she, she loved everything about art and, and I remember sometimes she would let me watch things, but she would do the old cover your, you know, ears nice. Yeah. Like be careful. And so yeah, she was young. Maybe I shouldn't have watched some of the things I did. However, I think I fell in love with it for the right reasons. It was a whole range of different styles and we'd watch, you know, French films or we'd watch anything that kind of sparked something in my mom and she would explain things to me and I would always ask questions and I was inquisitive about the work.


And it wasn't just an experience for me. I wanted to know everything. and I think that's where it kind of stemmed from. Do you remember the first time you were on stage or First Performance? Yeah, the funny thing is, is I wasn't in any school plays necessarily. I, I was seven when I auditioned for Barney, which is the big purple dinosaur if people don't remember. But I was in line, it was 1400 kids and it was in Texas. and I waited in line for a while and I just thought, here's my chance.


I could do something really cool. You thought that in the moment? Yeah. Yeah. I just thought, this is something I really wanna do and I hope I get it. and I went to three rounds of callbacks. They were very serious about the party back in the day and I got the part, and it would have to be the first time I stepped foot on the set of Barney. It was magical. Not to mention I'm seven and they make it for kids, you know, they make it this beautiful experience and the sets are gorgeous. I just got the bug immediately. I had school there as well.


A bunch of kids I got to grow up with. And at the same time, maybe Barney taught me how to clean and how to say I love you and Right. Because you're taking in all the lessons that you all are teaching us too. Totally. Acting is your first love. Music is also what you are known for worldwide. Huge fan base. You've called it a hobby that kind of got out of control. Yeah. and I think I need to correct that because I think whenever, whenever I do interviews that are written, I think it's very challenging for me because it gets a little misunderstood.


Music is going to forever be a part of my soul. I was named after a Tejano singer. My dad was a dj, my mom listened to Frank Sinatra, LA Fitzgerald, Patsy Klein, you know, Dolly Parton, Bonnie Wright, like I grew up around music and every genre. So what I meant by that was it did kind of, you know, take over for a while. And it's not that I'm was upset or bothered by it, it was more so that I had missed and I was really craving something different. So I think that may have gotten a little, you know, confusing because it doesn't, you know, to me when I hear that, it makes me seem ungrateful, but it's not.


So I'm glad you brought that up because you know, that is something that I love deeply. I just really missed being on a set and creating content that had nothing to do with me. Well, for those who don't watch it, Only Murders in the Building the Hulu series is centered on you. Martin Short and Steve Martin. You guys are a trio of residents in this really beautiful upper West Side apartment building called the aia. And you set out to investigate a string of murders in the building and start a True crime podcast to chronicle the investigation. Martin Short has said, like in all of the interviews, just how much fun you guys have on the set.


He alludes it to being kind of exceptional in that way. What makes it fun? Well, first off, Steve Martin and Martin Short are legends and their own right? Yes. And it is very difficult to keep a straight face when you are talking to them about anything because they simply exude and radiate comedy makes, how do You do it? Because you're the straight man of the three. I know, but I mean, I, I just have to, I gotta get through it. You know, once we do the table read and they'll chime in, it's, it is challenging, but I think the best part of only murders is the environment and I think that's what Marty is referring to because these two actors who have been working longer than I've been alive are always on time, could not be more compassionate and kind to everyone.


Class Act intelligence, their humor is smart and wise and they'll sit down and talk to, you know, our camera guy and ask how his daughter's doing. And it just, to me was a very good place for me to start back into acting. It just was safe and it was so fun and they made it feel like it was, they just made it feel like it was home. How did the role come about for you? So Steve came up with the idea himself, not about me. He originally wanted the show to be three comedians, three guys.


And John Hoffman came in, who's the co-creator and said, I have this idea, this maybe unconventional, you know, relationship or friendship that these, you know, people care about. So what if we had, you know, like a 28-year-old And Steve, you know, was like, well, let me know your ideas or whatever, you know, you're thinking. And John got on a call with me and I, I had told him how much I, you know, will watch 48 hours or with my mom, I'd watch, you know, forensic files or, okay. and I. Oh, okay. You're into the true crime Stuff. I think that he, it was music to his ears and he was very gen, genuine and sweet.


And after the call, they offered me the part, I wanna play a clip from season one. So you all live in the same apartment and you don't really know each other that well, but you're starting to come into this idea that something really fishy is happening here. Your character Mabel is joining the two others in Oliver's apartment. And Oliver is played by Martin Short and Charles is played by Steve Martin. Let's listen. Oh, how did you get Here? It was open. I don't lock my door. Never Have. That's insane. Neighborly. I mean, a murderer probably lives in the building, but I guess old white guys are only afraid of colon cancer and societal change.


Sad. A murderer doesn't probably live in the building. A murderer definitely lives in the building. Lester checked all the security footage and no one unknown to him came in or out during the hours around Tim's murder. Isn't That great for the podcast? So Mabel, tell us, did you learn anything from the online world of Tim Kono? He didn't post much in his online world. He seems to have had a really sad, quiet life. You Checked all the websites? Yep, all the websites. Well, We've exhausted the internet. That's my guess. Selena Gomez with Martin Short and Steve Martin in the very popular Hulu series. Only Murders in the Building.


Selena, they're such a tenderness to your relationships with those guys that seems like it's only grown over the seasons. I was watching, I think I saw you and Martin Short on a TV show recently and you were showing him how to put on makeup from your rear beauty line. Yeah. And it felt natural and connected like you all are, are are you friends? Yes. And it's, it's a, it's an absolute joy. They'll, they'll joke and laugh and say, oh, we didn't know what to expect when we met Selena. But I, I don't know, by the first week of us working together, they, they really took me under their wing.


They didn't make me feel separate because I was younger. They made me feel incredibly included. If they would change a joke or wanna try something different, they would always incorporate me into the conversation. And they respected me and I felt safe. You know, these, these are gentlemen that want nothing from me. But to have a great experience at work and create bonds with everybody on set, they disarm people by their, by their kindness. So yeah, I've done interviews or I've been upset on days of, you know, working. If I got bad news and they're protective, they listen, they give great advice, that's something I'll cherish.


It could have been totally different. It could have been, you know, hard to connect, but they are genuinely wonderful people. And it's, it's just been a huge blessing. 'cause I I, I get emotional thinking about it 'cause I really do love them and they care about me a lot. Meryl Streep star in season three. And you mentioned how in awe you were those first days on the set. What did you learn working with her? Ugh, class act. Absolute Class act. I always tell this story about her because I think it just sums who she is up really well.


And she was on set and because of course she is Meryl, we wanted to shoot her out so that she would have a shorter day out of respect for her and her schedule. So we would shoot her her scenes and then, you know, we could say, okay, you can go home and someone would, you know, replace her and they would do the other actors. She refused. She said, no, I'm staying for all the actors. And it was probably 13 hours that she was on that set and the camera wasn't on her once and she was thrilled to be there. She was so communi, like communicative to everyone.


She would walk around barefoot, humming music, listening to folk music. She, she doesn't take herself too seriously, you know, she is something, she read a comment about something that said that she was overrated and she laughed and she was, well maybe they're right, you know, like she just has a good sense of humor about the icon that she is and she doesn't look at herself that way and I like that. Our guest today is Selena Gomez. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder and CEO. Ron Russon shares the story of how he got started creating Saatva In 2007, 2008. I went out and I bought the most popular luxury mattresses. I tore them apart and I realized based on the raw materials cost and the analysis that I had done, that I was able to sell that level mattress, but with a very affordable price. Visit SA tva.com/npr and save up to $600.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes Car Selling Easy. Enter your license plate or Vin answer some questions and Carvana will give you a real offer in seconds. Whether you're looking to sell your car right now or whenever feels right, go to carvana.com to sell your car the convenient way.


This is Ira Glass of This American Life. Each week on our show, we choose a theme. Tell different stories on that theme. All right, I'm just gonna stop right there. You're listening to an NPR podcast. Chances are, you know our show. So instead I'm gonna tell you we've just been on a run of really good shows lately. Some big epic emotional stories and some weird funny stuff too. Download us this American Live, Joe Biden's on his way out and Donald Trump's on his way back, wanna know what's happening as the presidential transition is underway. The NPR Politics podcast has you covered with the latest news and analysis. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley. And today my guest is Selena Gomez. She stars in the new Spanish language musical. Amelia Perez as Jesse del Monte, the wife of a cartel leader who secretly undergoes gender affirming surgery to begin a new life as Amelia Perez. Selena Gomez is an actor, singer, and the founder of the successful Cosmetic Line Rare Beauty She'd began, began acting in 2002 on the television series, Barney and Friends, and she went on to star in several Disney shows before her breakout role in the series. The Wizards of Waverly Place playing the lead as Alex Russo as a musician. She's had 16 consecutive top 40 hits on the billboard.


Hot 100, the longest active run of any artist. And she's also founded The Beauty Line, rare Beauty and Stars in the mystery comedy series. Only Murders in the Building alongside Steve Martin. In Martin Short. You're 32 years old, right? Yes. And you have so many firsts and your first, not only I mentioned the Billboard 100, you also were one of the 10 highest paid children TV stars of all time. Oh dear. I don't even think I've read that when You, oh, that one's not On your list of like your firsts, but your role on the Disney Show, wizards of Waverly, I got the sense from your 2022 documentary, my Mind in Me that you have kind of a complicated relationship with your Disney years, that it made you feel like a product.


In what ways did it feel like that? I think during the period I was shooting the documentary, the context of what I felt was unfair is that I don't regret or dislike Disney. I think Disney gave me my platform and I will forever owe them for that. Because I was able to do incredible things doesn't mean that I wasn't frustrated with other people, not willing to ask me more in depth questions to just write me off because I was that.


So my frustration is not necessarily ever been with Disney, it's just been with the idea that people would not take anything I was saying, not seriously if it was me talking about philanthropy, if it was me wanting to talk about something important, it was, do you like marshmallows? And you know, so you, you are on Disney and it's like they just, it just felt so crippling and I at that point when I shot the documentary, hadn't moved on into doing other things, so I just was a little frustrated. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm 32 and now I'm doing a reunion of Wizards, a Waverly place, and I'm back and I'm proud and, you know, so it was never really that, it was just more people not talking to me.


What do you think you might've been if you, you didn't go into acting? I am, I'm not sure. I, I really, every time someone asks me that I, I get so perplexed because I was so young when I started, so I don't even know what, I would've figured out what that looks like. I have an 11-year-old sister and I could not be more proud of the fact that she is like, I don't know what I wanna do yet. So see. And I'm like, okay, that's great. You don't have to know right now, you can explore. She's just adventurous and she's able to be a kid. and I love that. I admire that.


For me, I'm not sure what I would've done. There wasn't many opportunities where I came from. I'm very proud of where I came from, but I'm not sure, I guess I'm really not sure what I would've done. Grand Prairie, Texas, how would you describe it? It's a very little simple town. Like they still have the same diner there that my uncle used to go to and the park that I was able to walk to on my own, the neighborhood. I still know the neighbors that have lived there their whole life. I love it. It's just for me. My mom wanted me to show me that there were more things in the world and I'm really grateful for that.


I had a chance to talk with Tyler James Williams a few months ago, another child actor who has gone on to do great things. And like you, he says like he really couldn't imagine himself doing anything else in life from a very young age. Yeah. He knew that was what he wanted, but he also talked about some of the dark sides of being a child actor and he survived because of his parents. Yeah. He says he feels like though this is an industry that is not really for children, right? That it eats them up and spits them out. You have been able to have a successful career and he, he finds, I just wanna say like yeah, he said he thinks that anyone who has come out of it whole is a success even if you are not in show business.


and I Thought that's very nice. Yeah. I wanna know how you feel about that because it seems that folks like Tyler have a complicated relationship with even the use of children in Hollywood. Yeah, I mean, I think my perspective goes both ways. You know, I I think that there is a point in your life where you have to just, you have to let yourself be a kid. and I think the dark sides that, you know, I would reflect on is the fact that I couldn't have a private life. I couldn't necessarily do things because I was held to a specific standard of like, you know, I'm a Disney kid and children look up to me.


And, and all of that stuff was really difficult. I just, I don't want to necessarily, I guess I'm just trying to think about this 'cause I know that there are incredible actors that have come out of this whole industry, but I think you can say that about anything. Sometimes I guess what I'd say is I am actually glad that my sister doesn't wanna do that right now, at least. I just think it is pretty dangerous. You're around adults, people say things, people you know do things that maybe you just shouldn't be exposed to.


And the moment I first started experiencing fame, it wasn't something that I thought was cool. It, it got really, you know, weird for me. It felt uncomfortable. I remember being 15 at the beach with my family and it was one of the first times there were like five grown men taking photographs of me coming out of the water and I was sitting there and my stepdad got really upset because something seems extremely wrong with that underage and yeah. So it just, to me, that's the stuff that I don't think is right. Yeah, and I just, it, it threw me off for a bit, But it sounds like your mother, your family protected you.


They did, and and here's the thing, my parents did the best with what they got, and they were 16 and 15 and they did their best and it wasn't always perfect, but they, especially my mom and my stepdad specifically, made sure that they held up these boundaries that sometimes I'd get mad at, but they were necessary. You know, for example, you're, you're inviting kids to this beautiful premier and they're walking the carpet and experiencing all this attention and that could be overwhelming.


Then I have the after party and that's when kids can come and all the adults start drinking and all the, all this stuff starts going on at a very young age. My mom said, you're there to walk the carpet for your job, but then you're going home. And I'd always say, well, they're gonna stay and my other friend's gonna stay. And She said, you're not old enough. When you're old enough you'll go to the parties and have all the fun, but right now you're going home and you can invite a friend over and just be watch a movie, you know. and I, I do have to say she was very good at that stuff. And, sorry, I'll just add and in rooms my mom never let me go into any room without her.


You mean like an audition room or a room to practice or a room to room For like meetings, room for anything. Not necessarily auditions, but I did a lot on tape. So, but she was right by the door, you know, my mom was very protective of me in the best possible way and though maybe it didn't make much sense to me, then I could not be more grateful now. Yeah. Let's take a short break if you're just joining us, my guest is Selena Gomez. She stars in the new movie Amelia Perez. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh Air


On the embedded podcast. Every marine takes an oath to protect the constitution against All enemies foreign and domestic. This is the story of a Marine in the Capitol on January 6th, did he break his oath? And what does that mean for all of us? Listen to a good guy on the embedded podcast from NPR. Both episodes available now.


The ocean floor is abundant with minerals needed to power electric cars and other green technologies. But mining those minerals may harm coastal communities. These metals that are going to be dig out off our ocean will not benefit anyone from here On the Sunday story from up. First a look at the opportunity and dangers of mining the ocean floor. Listen now on the Up First podcast from NPR,


Big news stories don't always break on your schedule, but with the NPR app, news, culture and podcasts are ready when you want them in your pocket, download the NPR app today.


This is Fresh Air. And today I am talking to Selena Gomez. She stars in the new musical film, Amelia Perez, as Jesse del Monte, the wife of a cartel leader who secretly undergoes gender affirming surgery to begin a new life. As Amelia Perez, I'd like to talk with you just a moment about your journey to understanding your mental health. Can you talk to us about what that journey was like? Because you were also dealing with the lupus diagnosis, and so it's you growing into yourself as an adult, right? A lupus diagnosis and then a bipolar diagnosis. Yeah. Well, they, they both actually didn't happen at the same time.


I was about 16 or 17 maybe, or 18, I'm sorry. It's one of those three. When I found out that I had lupus and I had to do, I was in the ICU for a few weeks and then I had to undergo a slight chemotherapy for a while, a couple of months. And by the grace of whatever you believe, I was able to put it in remission. So I will always have lupus, but it is in remission thankfully. but it wasn't necessarily that that fixed everything. It definitely fixed my health.


I'm so grateful for doctors, I'm so grateful for people that, you know, you know, can do things for us. So my body was feeling great, but I was still just so confused as to why I had all these things and I wasn't happy. I understood that I had circumstances that made me unhappy, but I knew deep down that I was feeling things intensely way too high and way too low. And, you know, I've always been really open about it and it didn't take me overnight to find out what it was. You know, you have to, you have to give yourself time to understand and work with people that maybe understand it more and get second opinions.


And so I would say my diagnosis was actually a huge relief. I felt so much better because how I would, you know, go through these emotions were really painful. And when I figured out, you know, it wasn't like it solved everything, but I was able to navigate how to pursue my life and I immediately felt relief. So I know people may think, oh, that's scary. I'm that, that means she's crazy to me. That gave me answers and that knowledge gave me freedom. And then now I am being treated for all of it.


and I feel completely levelheaded. I feel happy and I need to, and of course I get emotional and, and I'm really, I'm really grateful I found my balance. There was a moment where you felt like you needed to stop for a moment in your career where you needed to take a break to try to really figure out. Can you talk a little bit about those times when you knew you needed to seek help outside of yourself? I mean, I will just say from a personal experience, the thing that's so, I don't wanna use the term insidious, but like about mental health, is that like you are the only one who's dealing with it and you're the only one who can help fix it.


Like by understanding that you need help. Yes. I've never, I, I think people have to get there on their own because I had people care about me and were concerned and would talk to me, but I, I didn't see anything, you know, I was, I would avoid it. I think denial and avoiding things is, you know, pretty natural for any human to feel. But I, I was just tired of feeling that way and that's what made me seek the help that I wanted and needed and not sure what it was gonna look like. So yeah, it's very terrifying, but I just knew that everybody gets to their place where they really want to change.


'cause it's hard, you know, it's hard to feel confused, it's hard to feel hurt, it's hard to feel any of these emotions, but at an intense level it can be really scary and dangerous. So before anything happened, I was grateful that I said, all right, I'm, I'm gonna go and I'm gonna do the things that, you know, will hopefully help me understand more. And that still took me four years. Mm. So even when I sought, you know, help and was able to, you know, meet different doctors and different people, it wasn't until four years of searching that I found my diagnosis and I was properly medicated and it felt so freeing.


So that's why I always encourage people when they're going through a hard time to have such patience. 'cause it doesn't happen right away. It truly has to be something that you need to dance with for a bit. That's why in my documentary, I end it by saying, you know, I'm not scared of my bipolar anymore. I'm just making it my friend. Selena Gomez, this has been such a pleasure to talk with you. Oh, It's been so nice. Selena Gomez stars in the new movie, Amelia Perez coming up, rock critic Ken Tucker reviews some new country music. This is Fresh Air.


The Code Switch team spent election day talking to folks about how the outcome might impact them. It's a time capsule of people's hopes and fears before they knew the results One way or another, there's a change coming. I wanted to vote for Trump, but I voted for her Gaze for Trump And I cried this morning. I've been crying on and off. I'm terrified. Listen to Code Switch the podcast about race and identity from NPR.


You Care about what's happening in the world. Let's state of the world from NPR keep you informed. Each day we transport you to a different point on the globe and introduce you to the people living world events. We don't just tell you world news, we take you there and you can make this journey while you're doing the dishes or driving your car. State of the World podcast from NPR vital International stories. Every day,


Every weekday, NPR r's best political reporters come to you on the NPR Politics podcast to explain the big news coming out of Washington, the campaign trail and beyond. We don't just wanna tell you what happened, we tell you why it matters. Join the NPR Politics podcast every single afternoon to understand the world through political eyes.


Rock critic Ken Tucker has been listening to some recent country releases and he hears some exciting blends of old and new sounds. Country Veteran Dwight Yoakam has recorded a harmonious duet with Post Malone country superstar. Maren Morris is stretching beyond country's borders. And Shauna Thompson, half of the duo Thompson Square, has chosen to look back to the roots of honky tonk. Ken Tucker reviews them all. Here's Dwight Yoakam with a new song called A Dream That Never Ends.


It's alright, it's okay. You leave me. If you, earlier This year post Malone put out his first country album, one in which he gave his hip hop phrasing a twang that did not seem insincere in duets with a whole pass of country stars.


One of those stars was not Dwight Yoakam Malone's album called F 1 trillion was pleasant enough, but it didn't have a country song with the rhythmic groove that Yoakum has written for a duet on Dwight's new album Brighter Days. It's a very adroit song with a very unwieldy title. I don't know how to say goodbye. Bang bang, boom, boom. And when Malone's raspy razor of a voice cuts across yoko's buttery croon, it achieves a different kind of country harmony. I bang, bang, bang, bang.


Come on. Yo's Brighter Days. His first album of new material in almost a decade is a wonderful compendium of classic country styles. Another performer bringing a fresh gloss to old sounds is Shauna Thompson on her new album. Lean On Neon Thompson is best known as half of the Country Duo Act. Thompson Square, along with her husband Kiefer, their music tends towards slick country pop. But Lean On Neon, her solo debut, takes a bracing plunge into the sort of honky tonk music that was popular before she was born.


On the title song, she drowns her sorrows beneath the neon glow of a bar with a different singing partner. The veteran songwriter Jim Lauderdale and Shauna Thompson's misery is our pleasure. A whiskey glass, a smoke room strangers that Where you never be to see where to drown.


I used to lean on me when I got down and I those nights When I Had no, when two boxes Fred back quarter drop you. I used to lean.


If Shauna Thompson wants to dive more deeply into country music, Maren Morris is at a stage in her career where she wants to sort of skate along the surface of it and spin off in a different direction. Morris is a big star who recently has expressed dissatisfaction, becoming vocal about what she terms toxic elements in the Nashville establishment. She has swaddled her angry disenchantment in an irresistible new rhythm for a song called People Still Show Up Hero. My not everyone's gonna join you. Don't let the pain destroy you. Just go with arrow till you feel that rush when people still shut Up.


Yeah, they're gonna try to say, you really crossed the mind, you should have shut your mouth and small 'cause now your mama win too much. but it was just in because People Still Show Up The lyric of People Still Show Up carries the implication that while she may have been advised not to court controversy with her complaints, it won't affect her career as long as you got it. People Still Show Up to buy her music to come to her concerts. Unlike Dwight, Yoakam and Shauna Thompson Morris isn't reaching out to hardcore country fans. She's making her appeal to folks outside the genre. I hope that works out for her. Ken Tucker reviewed new music by Dwight Yoakam, Maren Morris and Shauna Thompson.


Spinning doesn't mean you, you can, but that don't mean you. That if you, you I hold the pink with her again.


She's a wide, she took my old red flag Tomorrow in Fresh Air Trump versus the media. He's called The Media Enemies of the People and threatened retribution, including jailing reporters investigating NBC for treason and suggesting CBS's broadcast license be taken away.


We'll talk with David Remnick, editor of The New Yorker and Marty Baron, former editor of the Washington Post. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our senior producer today is Theresa Madden. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer is Adam Stanski. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annmarie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren k Crile, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producers are Molly CV Nesper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta Shira directs the show with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


You care about what's happening in the world. Let's state of the world from NPR keep you informed. Each day we transport you to a different point on the globe and introduce you to the people living world events. We don't just tell you world news, we take you there and you can make this journey while you're doing the dishes or driving your car. State of the World podcast. From NPR vital International Stories. Every day NPR brings you the updates you need on the day's biggest headlines. The Senate narrowly passed the debt ceiling bill that will prevent the country from defaulting on its loans, Stories from across the world. Knowing how to forage and to live with the land is integral to Ames culture And down your block From CPR News, this is Colorado Matters, And you can find all of that and more in your pocket.


Download the NPR app today Instead of scrolling mindlessly. Engage mindfully with the NPR app with a mix of on-demand news stories from the station and your favorite podcast. You can relax without shutting off your brain. Download the NPR app today.