
99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts Free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. This is Fresh Air. I'm Tanya Mosley. Let's go back to the year 2000. A young Seth Rogan and his writing partner Evan Goldberg, have arrived from Canada and they're meeting with a studio executive to go over screenplay. They've written together during the meeting. The executive makes a cynical confession.


I got into this job because I love movies, he says, and now I feel like it's my job to ruin them. Rogan and Goldberg never forgot what that executive said, and 25 years later, they've made it the basis of a new satirical comedy series called The Studio Rogan Plays Matt Remick, a Hollywood executive who gets an unexpected promotion as the head of the fictional continental studios after his boss is fired in this scene, the CEO of the studio played by Brian Cranston offers Matt the job, but asks if Matt really has what it takes to do it the Continental way. Patty's time has come and gone and I'm seriously considering you to replace her.


Oh my God, yes. Yes. I I'm the guy, I'm the guy for the job. Why are, tell me that. Why are you the guy? Well, I've worked at Continental for 22 years. I bought the original spec script for MK Ultra, which as I'm sure you know, spawned a franchise that's made us over $3 billion for the, Hey, Renee. Where The My green juice. You want a green juice? Yeah. I'd love one Two green juices now. Yes sir. Sorry. Continue. Film is my life. Ever since I came to the studio as a kid and went on the tour, being the head of Continental is the only job I've ever wanted. That is adorable. Alright, well listen, I honestly just have one strong reservation about you.


Oh. I've heard you are really into artsy fartsy filmmaking bullshit. You're obsessed with actors and directors liking you, rather than being obsessed with making this studio as much money as possible. Me. Yeah. That could not be further from the truth. I am as bottom line oriented as anyone in this town. I believe you. Great. Good. Good. Because at Continental we don't make films. We make movies. Movies that people wanna pay to see. Yes.


From there the audience is taken on a funny but also absurd and often cringe-worthy adventure as Matt always flustered and desperately needing to be liked. Has to find ways to keep the studio afloat. Seth Rogan has produced, directed, written, and starred in mini films, including Super Bad Knocked Up. This is The End Sausage Party and the Limited series. Pam and Tommy, he founded the production company Point Great Pictures along with his writing and directing partner, Evan Goldberg and the two have founded the cannabis products and Home Goods company, houseplant and Seth Rogan. Welcome back to Fresh Air. Thank you. What an intro.


Well, I want, I I really wanna go back to this time 2000. Yeah. You and Evan are in this executive's office. Yeah. And he says this thing to you like, yeah, I now ruin movies. Yeah. Like, what was your reaction? I was shocked by the honesty, honestly. Like I really could tell that he was in a position in that point in his career. And that person still works in Hollywood, is one of the heads of one of the major studios in Hollywood. So he, he stuck around and it was, it was a ancient Roman teen sex comedy. Oh, really? Okay. So this wasn't super bad or something. This was like, What's what's funny is we had written Super Bad and no one was making it.


And that's how we got the job for this movie. And, and honestly we were like, let's just put all of like our ideas from Superbad into the movie, basically. Oh my God. And so that's how desperate we were to make something. And so we sort of became like an ancient Roman version of Superbad, which as I say it is insane, but, and it was very dirty. It was very dirty. Yeah. And, and what I recall, I think at the point in this process Yeah. We had handed in a draft that he really thought was funny and we thought was funny and was ridiculous and crazy. And he was telling us in this notes meeting that like, it couldn't be so dirty. And it was clearly like the notes he had been given from on high. And so in a very honest moment he said that, and I don't know if the execs I've worked with over the years would agree, but I've always had a sympathy for, I think because of that I've always felt like it really humanized the job in a lot of ways.


Right. And made me understand, you know, from a pretty young age. Yeah. That like a lot of, a lot of these, not all of them, but a lot of them are people who love movies but who are constantly put in positions where they have to either, you know, maybe be fired or do something kind of risky. Yeah. And I think more of them should do something risky and, and that will actually lead to better things. But you know, I understand why they don't, I don't agree with it necessarily, but I understand it and it's, and it's a very comedic situation to be in. Right. I mean Yeah. That's the thing. You have a lot of sympathy for them because of this very formative experience for you. Yeah. But also you say it's like the funniest job in all of Hollywood.


Yeah. It's a very Tragic job. And I think tragedy is, is comedy in a lot of ways, you know, and and a lot of them, yeah. Like, because they love movies and they grow up. Now I'm at the age even where like some of the people I work with grew up watching are movies and stuff like that. Yep. You know what I mean? Yep. And for the first time in my life, like I'm older than the execs I'm working with at some of these companies and so they, I'm one of the people they probably grew up watching and they are constantly put in a position where they have to say things that make me really mad at them. And I would imagine that's a huge bummer. And I've seen it over and over. I remember an exec, like hiding from a movie star, like literally in his office.


'cause he was avoiding 'cause the, because the movie wasn't tracking well and he was avoiding, he Didn't wanna be the one to Tell it on the watch. And he, he knew he was mad, he knew the movie star was there for a meeting and was mad and he did wanna get yelled at basically. Yes. And he's like, I remember him being like, I love that this guy's one of my favorite actors of all time and he wants to scream at me. And like that to us was, again, it, it was just funny. Yeah. It just always struck us as very funny. You know? Is it true that, that you interviewed almost every Hollywood executive for this, this Series? Yeah. We interviewed a lot of them, whether they knew it or not, some of them it was just like us milking information from them without them. And some were very formal interviews where they came in, but a lot of the stuff from those interviews worked their way directly into episodes of the show.


Yeah. I, okay, let's get into the series because I think you said something like 85% of the, of, of what is in it is actually true. Yeah. To some extent. For sure. I'm talking about interviewing these executives. Yeah. If this stuff is true. Oh my gosh. 'cause it's like the cringes scenarios ever. Oh yes. I think we're actually, and like, if anything, I think we paint like a pretty sympathetic picture of, of, of the situation that, you know, I think to a lot of people's experiences is probably, you know, an optimistic view of what Hollywood is. Yeah. Okay. The characters are phenomenal. I, I mentioned Catherine O'Hara who Yeah. Is she was your boss, she was fired and you take over her job.


Ike Faren Holtz, who plays this powerful lower level executive desperate for power. He is hilarious. Yeah, he's great. Catherine Han, who plays this aggressive marketing chief Yeah. With lots of opinions. Yeah. Chase Suey Wonders, who plays an ambitious young executive Yeah. And she does a couple of shady things to like get over Oh yeah. As an ambitious young executive Yeah. Will do. And then there's the host of actors and filmmakers with very, very fragile egos. And then how would you describe your character, Matt Remick? I would describe my character as someone who grew up loving movies and who worked very hard to be someone who got to make movies.


And I think he's someone who wishes he was very creative, but is not, and he kind of views himself as creative, but simply isn't. And so his avenue to filmmaking, quote unquote, I guess became being a studio executive. And he's very ambitious and very self preservational and someone who will do the, the thing that allows him to keep going rather than to perhaps lose it all. And he's someone who's constantly put in a position to really disappoint both himself and, and the people that he idolizes and, and the medium that he idolizes. You know, He's also walking around all the time. Terrified. Yes. He's very panicked and stressed out and wears it on his sleeve and does not, and that's based on some specific people I know is that they wear their panic like clearly.


Like they have a bad poker face. And that is very much something my character has is someone who is never trying to calm a situation and always subscribing to like the worst case scenario basically. You know? Well That's like the great tension of the, the series. So it's set in present day. Yeah. And all of these executives, like they're, they're up against the real challenges of the moment. Yes. AI plays a big role. Yeah. Racial sensitivity, like there's all these different things. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That and, but your character, he, he wants to make art, wants To, he really does make film. Yeah. And it's really making fun of me in a lot of ways, you know, and, and, and I don't have like the delusions of grandeur I think my character in the show has, but I think it's inspired by the same belief that like one movie can change the entire course of Hollywood.


And I don't think I'm gonna be the person to make that movie necessarily, but, but did You want to at one time? Yeah. And, and for sure. And I think if you're a, an ambitious executive who's obsessed with Robert Evans, then you could, then, then you really think you could do that, you know? And so I think it's a silly goal to have and my character has specifically that goal. I think he wants to be viewed as like the savior of this town, you know? Yeah. And that is not an ambition I specifically have, but it's something that I understand where that idea comes from. You mentioned Robert Evans and you often reference him. Can you explain who, who he is? Yeah.


Robert Evans was an independent producer in Hollywood in the, in the seventies who eventually became the head of Paramount and essentially like championed some of the biggest films of the seventies, like Chinatown and The Godfather. And he was known for being one of the few people who was beloved by the talent, quote unquote, who made incredibly successful movies and who made incredibly good movies. And he also has the distinction of being, if not the only one of the few studio heads who negotiated in their deal that their name was actually on the movie, which is a big plot line in the show that your name isn't on the movie.


And he actually had his name on the movie even though he was running the studio because he understood the importance of of, of his legacy. That really was such an enlightening moment for me in thinking about how everyone behind the scenes, including the studio execs, how meaningful it is at award ceremonies to hear your name. Yeah. I, I've been a part of films that won awards and seen some executives in the wake of that who did not get thanked and they were literally in tears. And, and as we interviewed a lot of the execs in Hollywood, that was like a very common theme where they admitted like, you want to be thanked by first and last name.


And that distinction was brought up by more than one of them. Where if it's not first and last name, no one knows. It just Really brings more meaning to when we're watching those shows and you see the, the actor or the director and they're like naming off the names and they're like, oh yeah, let me not forget this person. This, oh man. One of, one of the most surreal moments of, of my life was, I'll never forget it, like my good friend Jay Behe was a million dollar baby and it was like literally me and him alone in my apartment. 'cause he was staying with me. He lived in Montreal. We were like smoking weed watching the Oscars and Million Dollar Baby Wins Best picture. And Clint Eastwood gets up there and he starts thanking, oh, thank Hillary.


And Anthony and Jay and Jay literally like leapt off the, the couch and was just like, ah. And like, and it was truly like an unbelievable moment. 'cause like here we are in my like terrible apartment, disgusting smoking weed, eating like Chinese takeout and like the guy sitting on the couch was thanked by Clin East Twin as he won best picture, The recognition In real time and the recognition, he literally jumped 10 feet up in the air. And so I've seen it. And what's funny is like, I was at the Golden Globes this year and a lot of people in that episode were there and people kept coming up to me being like, it's just like the episode. It's exactly like the episode.


It's so weird. So Meta, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I wanna play a clip in this scene. Matt, your character goes over to his old boss's house played by Catherine O'Hara, Patty. Yeah. And to seek some guidance. And the two talk about how he's handling being the new head of the studio and O'Hara speaks first. So how do you feel in all this? You know, I've worked obviously a long time to get here. My, you know, my parents are very thrilled, very proud. I think Griffin is, you know, optimistic with, with the plan. Maddy, not one of those words is about how you feel.


Yeah. I feel miserable, honestly. I'm anxious, I'm stressed out, panicking pretty much all the time. I was so much happier two weeks ago when I was just angry and resentful that I didn't have this job. I would give anything to be angry and resentful compared to how I feel right now. You know, I walk past the tour guide every morning and they say that the office was built as a temple to cinema, but feels much more like a tomb Heavy as the head Matty. Yeah. I, I I know honored obviously to be one of the people that gets to choose, you know, which movies get made and which ones don't. That's, that's huge. And I got into all this 'cause you know, I love movies, but now I have this fear that my job is to ruin them.


The job is a meat grinder. It makes you stressed and panicked and miserable. One week you're looking your idol in the eye breaking his heart. And the next week you're writing a blank check for some entitled Nipple Baby and a Beanie. But when it all comes together and you make a good movie, it's good forever. That was Catherine O'Hara playing the role of Patty in the studio and also My guest today, Seth Rogan. And that's the basis for this whole series. But, you know, I, I wanted to, this particular scene was really powerful 'cause we understand like his motivations and then she as a wisdom, you know, person with wisdom gives kind of the larger context there.


Yeah. But it's also so beautiful. Yeah. It's so interesting. Like you guys are standing on an overlook overlooking LA and the show and the character's wardrobe is all very much old Hollywood. It's just interesting the juxtaposition between the visual and then the current day struggles that they're dealing with. Yeah, exactly. Like the characters, especially mine, like longs for days of your, and that was sort of a big part of the idea was to like also anchor the show in like a real feeling history for this studio and sort of like a real culture that this studio and like an identity that this studio has kind of.


And so yeah, we really used color palettes that were very seventies inspired. And, and the idea was that that's sort of the culture at the studio. And, and, and it also just subconsciously makes it, you can tell that the, the characters kind of long for a, like, there's a nostalgia for a time that that isn't there anymore. They're not trying to be on the cutting edge of things. They're actually trying to kind of go back to how things used to be, you know, and, and yeah, we, we shot in a lot of old homes from the fifties and sixties and seventies. That house is a John Latner house. It's a very beautiful, beautiful house. And, and in the show it's as though we kind of have a storyline as though Frank Lloyd Wright designed the studio that we are in because he was in California making, you know, mine revival buildings, like at the time that these studios were made and, and that it's sort of has this like grandeur to it, you know, and this like kind of thing that you're trying to live up to.


And you know, I remember it's a name drop, but I was at 30 Rock once with Lorne Michaels. Yeah. And, and I was saying what amazing building it was and he was like in his way, like, well, you know, when any industry is new they build cathedrals for it. And I always remembered that and it was so true. And like the studios feel that way, a lot of them. Like they're these beautiful places and they were built at a time when they were kind of like unabashedly, like lauding and, and trying to like bolster the importance of these, the, the industry, you know. And so that to us was something very important. And we got really lucky with that shot. 'cause we shot the show where basically every scene is one take, which was very hard to do.


But what it allowed us to do is a scene like that, for example, it's all one shot. And we shot it maybe 15 times and, and the first like 10 times it was like rainy and gray and cloudy and we kept having to go inside 'cause it was raining on us and it just looked miserable. But we had to a very specific shot we wanted to do. And so we literally just sat inside and waited for it to stop raining as the sun was going down. And then it's like this magical thing happened. We're like, right as the sun was going down, the rain stopped and rainbows appeared. Yeah. I'm Like, is that a rainbow? You could See the whole city. And we were just like, let's go shoot now. And like it just all happened in one take. And that was the take we ended up using, which was great.


And to me it was like a real magical Hollywood moment kind of. Yeah. It feels like a love letter to Los Angeles. Yeah. Which feels, especially just watching it for me, a tinge of like sadness a a bit Yeah. Just in with all that has happened for the fires, you know? Definitely. And I think that it always was a love letter to Los Angeles and, and I think if anything it is like we, like I love living in Los Angeles and I've lived here for a very long time and I love the architecture, I love the landscape. Like I love that there's Frank Lloyd Wright buildings and John Launder houses and, and I, and I think that's one of the things that Hollywood kind of has afforded me over the years is just like access to like these very beautiful spaces, you know?


And so, and, and, and as we were pitching the show, that was always something that we would say at the pitch is like, a lot of our experience in Hollywood is like being in very beautiful places, having very stupid arguments with one another. And like, that was something that we really Yeah. Was a funny juxtaposition as well is like, we would be at a movie premiere at the Ace Theater that was the United Artist Theater that Charlie Chaplin opened in some back room that was like literally the dressing room that Charlie Chaplin would use before coming out the theater and just like screaming at each other over like the cut of the movie. Right? And like the dumbest like, like a fart joke or something like that. And to us, that was always just very funny.


Our guest today is Seth Rogan. We'll be right back after short break. I'm Tanya Mosley and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, no idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney Plus. Follow Cassie Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of Andor is now streaming only on Disney plus.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR. Hi, this is Molly Sevy Berg, digital producer at Fresh Air, And this is Terry Gross host of the show.


One of the things I do is write the Weekly newsletter, And I'm a newsletter fan. I read it every Saturday after breakfast. The newsletter includes all the week shows, staff recommendations, and Molly picks timely highlights from the archive. It's a fun read. It's also the only place where we tell you what's coming up next week in exclusive. So Subscribe@wy.org slash Fresh Air and look for an email from Molly every Saturday morning. Gosh, some of the scenarios in this series, like the self-importance Yeah. That's real of, So there's this particular episode and there's a scene in the episode where your character is dating a doctor.


Yeah. And she takes him to a, I think it's like a cancer Yeah, like a Medical, like a cancer gala. Yeah, yeah. Gala. And he, while talking to fellow doctors and researchers who are like looking for cures for cancer and stuff, he gets into an argument and he says to a group of them, you all, something like, you all save lives, But we make my life worth living. You all save lives, but we make life worth Living. That is like the most absurd, like non self-aware statement ever. But Seth, it also is kind of true.


I mean, that episode's probably threading a needle more than any of them as far as, as far as rooting for my character or, or at least even understanding where my character's coming from in any way, shape or form. That to me is actually, I think like in many ways I personally find it to be the funniest episode because it's sort of based on it. I it's kind of based on me because, and I understand, obviously I understand it's comedic and ridiculous, but I would, I have a charity Yeah. With my wife Hilarity for Charity and it's an Alzheimer's charity, and so we find ourselves at a lot of medical galas. Yes. And I find myself at a lot of tables with doctors who save lives and, and what's funny is often they have like a blatant disrespect for the film industry Hmm.


As maybe as they should, but I don't think so necessarily. And and they So there's no deference for you. No. And they think it's funny. Yeah. And I think they think it's funny. I think, and they're obviously smart enough to know that I exist in a world where there is deference and they, and they're showing no deference and they seem to revel in being in a position where they, they're, they could like sort of maybe subtly at times diminish the career of another person who clearly views what they do as important, even though maybe it isn't. How does That feel for you to Do that? Well, I, it, it was bo I mean, I can I personally understand that it's not a thing I should be upset about, but I comedically understand the motive, the, the feeling that you wish you could fight back against that and assert that what you do is as important.


And I, it's not something I would ever do in real life, but it's something that I, it's obviously an instinct I had somewhere in my brain because that's where the idea for the episode came from, you know? But I, I know it's ridiculous and I know my character's wrong generally, but I think that I, I I, the, the, the inspiration for that episode was definitely based on like feelings that I've had sitting at tables with talkers. There's Also like this storyline about being scared about whether something is racist. And that's hilarious because like, it just goes through all these different iterations. Yes. Is that a situation that you've had to deal with in real life?


For sure. I'd say that episode has more actual conversations that we've had to sit in rooms and watch than most of the episodes. And what's funny about it is it's like all people care about is the perception. They themselves have no ideological like thing that they are trying to get across. And they don't care at all. They just don't wanna look bad. And that is the thing that we would notice the most when these types of things came up was that like, oh no, none of these people care. They just don't wanna look bad. You Know? Is there a story that comes to mind that happened in real life?


I, it's not a thing we got made, but it was like we were making a comic book and there was like an alien character and the alien had been like traditionally voiced by someone of a certain race. And so all of a sudden like that became a big topic of conversation. It was like, what race is this alien? And, and, and we kept being like, well, it's an alien, but like, but it didn't matter because like in people's heads there was a certain like race ascribe to the alien due to the voice that people associated with the alien. And then we were like, well, is that racist? Like, and, and so that was something the last few years where again, I found just a lot of people having at, at the end of the day, no one involved cared. No one, no one could be like, you know what?


I strongly believe that it should be this. Everyone was just like, what maybe will people yell at us for? Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. There's also the funny scene where to make sure, so in the case, like the alien, like in the Voice you go to like the one person of color in the place. Oh yes. Is this okay? Yes. That happens a lot. I've been there as well. I've had people call me and ask me Jewish things before, like, it's happened to me. I've been that person or like in a writer's room, like I worked on the show and declared a long time ago, and there was two female writers who were a team, Jenny Connor and Ally Rushfield, who I'm still both good friends with and they're both still very successful writers.


But as the only women writers that was like always, and they would always hate it. We'd be like, don't do this. This is so annoying. They'd be like, well, as a woman, what do you think of the woman's story? And they'd be like, I don't know, like, I'm just a writer of the show. I have to be like the spokesperson for all women every time there's a question about this stuff. And that idea is for sure something that we like wove into the episode as well. Let's take a short break. If you're just joining us, I'm talking with Seth Rogan about his new Apple TV plus series, The Studio. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh Air. Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you.


Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast From NPR Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water that's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WUR Hey, it's a Martinez, even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world.


So you can catch up on while getting ready, making saun Know or Going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR. Okay, so cameos, you got a lot of cameos. Yeah. Zoe Kravitz, Martin Scorsese, to name a few. I've read the stories about getting them, especially Scorsese. Yeah. But was it easy to get them to say yes? Different people have different degrees of difficulty? I would say Scorsese. Yeah. Like insanely, like we sent as manager the script and we heard, this is funny, I'll send it to him. And then we heard he loves it, he'll do it. If you can shoot it this day, he will be there.


And we were like, okay. And and that was it. Like he didn't wanna have a conversation about it. I did. I didn't talk to him before he showed up on the set. Did He have things to say about it? Did he give notes? No, he really seemed to like it and think it was funny. Like he totally just did it. Like, and he nailed it, like he's so funny in the scenes and he just instantly was able to tell exactly what it was that we were trying to do and seamlessly just like locked into it right away basically. Which was very impressive to watch. And he's a great actor, Impressive to watch, but it had to feel good for you as someone who's the creative, the person to have him not give you No. Yeah, I think he understood. I don't know, I I think we would've had to really be blowing it for him to, to to step in I guess, you know?


But mostly it was just like, it was a very validating experience who was willing to do it. And, and honestly, one of the reasons I think I was so nervous leading up to the show premiering and you know, seeing how it was gonna be received is that I talked to all these people, people I idolize people. I'm huge fans of people I've always wanted to work with into doing this thing. And I don't wanna let them down. I don't want to, I don't want 'em to be mad at me and I don't wanna feel like they wasted their time or I made them look stupid or they were a part of a thing that they're not proud of, you know? And so it's, it, I mean again, it's meta in, in many, many ways, right? But that is a real thing that I relate to my character on is that like I get to work with these people that I've idolized my whole life or people that I've recently become huge fans of and I see are like the next wave of talent and, and if I get the chance to work with them, I don't, I don't want them to hate me.


You know, it's just so interesting. Right. It's meta in that this character, it just walks around with so much fear and like hope that he is light. Yeah. This is something that's like you too. Yeah. But yet for you and for this character, like there's something that pushes you to like have to face that every single day. Yeah. And it's really, it's honestly not something I've done for a while. Like, I haven't been front and center in a thing in a while and I still just like, I've been in things so like, and just like as a recognizable person living their life, you fall under scrutiny. But I honestly don't think I've like had the stomach to put myself like this front and center in something in a long time because it's just, it's just scary, you know?


And, and, and I know that I wear it. Like I, I really like if if no one likes the things I do, then I, it really makes me unhappy. And so I, I know I'm like setting myself up for like a real emotional crossroads potentially where I'll, and, and I know it's not. And and that's one of the things in the show is like, I wish I wasn't so emotionally affected by it, but I think as again, someone who just puts a lot into their work and does enjoy making it so like, it's not like I've regretted making something, but there are times where I made things where I'm like, oh, I really wish people liked that more. You know? I wanna play this clip another clip because this one kind of speaks to what you're saying.


So your old boss Patty, played by Catherine O'Hara, I just keep picking those clips. I like you two together. She's great. Yeah. How do you not go with O'Hara? Yeah. So you guys are talking about giving notes to this ridiculously long weird movie, the Ron Howard movie that Ron Howard who plays himself in this series, direct it. And so in this, you guys are kind of talking about having to give him notes. Yeah. Let's listen. I just don't get it if it's so personal to him, why did he make it so boring? It's it's literally insane. He is insane. He's an artist buddy. You know this, they put themselves into things. They, they project meaning onto their work, even if it's imperceivable to anyone else other than them sliced alone.


Thought the demolition man was an allegory about masculinity and modernism in a battle. Was it? Oh no, no, no. It was 115 minute commercial for Taco Bell. But did his delusion get him up every morning and into that ridiculous futuristic copy uniform? My script is called Chick Meat. It's in your inbox. That was Catherine O'Hara and My guest today, Seth Rogan in the New Apple TV plus series, The Studio. And of course, this is also kind of the crux of the show, this relationship between the executive and the creative Yeah. And the note giving process you talked about, like you haven't been front and center in this in a really long time to have to kind of face like as a creative Yeah.


But you've dealt with that your whole life. Yeah. And how do you deal with that when you have a career that's really based on your childhood dreams, you know? Yeah. Just for those who don't No, I just wanna like lay this out. So you and Evan, your, your creative partner and business partner, you guys met when you were 13 years old in bar mitzvah classes and soon after you all began writing these screenplays together. And like so much of the art that we see that comes from you, like the films and things, it comes from your childhood imagination or the imagination that you all have like created together over the decades. Yeah. So it's like very personal. Very personal. Yes. Yeah.


I mean, how have you dealt with that in, in the years? You know, What, receiving notes and stuff like that or criticism Or Yeah, notes and criticism and then having the like that extra something to have you to keep going. I mean, I start from recognizing that I'm just very lucky and like, and from the time I've been like 22 or 23, I've consistently been able to work basically and pretty much work on the things that I wanna work on. So as much as I would like to pity myself at times and really lick my wounds, like one of the things that is helpful is that I have just kept working so often, like by the, if I've made something that is poorly received, I've already made another thing and then I'm like, well maybe that thing will be better received.


And they can't take that away. Like it, it's already happened, you know? And so I think the fact that I have kind of kept my foot on the gas this whole time, be it something I'm writing or producing or have a smaller role in, I've, I've just always kept going. And so I, I view myself as very lucky and so I, it's hard to again get too brought down by that stuff, you know? And I think part of it's based on like, if I think it could have been better, like I think if I agree with the criticism, it's much more painful and, and it's, and it's much harder. And if I see that I miss something or I made some glaring mistake in, you know, or there's a discrepancy between what I hope to put out there and what I did put out there.


And I think that to me is something that I have a hard, harder time dealing with as opposed to I put out there exactly what I wanted to put out there and people and, and just like a very, usually like a, a maybe just like a smaller group of people really liked it that I was hoping. But usually a small group, at least a small group of people will like it, you know? But at times I've made things where, and not a lot of things thank God, but where I'm just like, like they didn't like it. And now that I look at it, I don't know if I like it either. And I don't know if I, I could have pushed it harder and I could have maybe been more critical of it or worked harder to bring it to a better level, you know what I mean? Yeah. Well Because so much of your material comes from a personal place. Have you ever gotten a note from an executive that felt like an insult?


Oh yeah. Many, many, many times we've gotten notes that just like, this scene isn't funny, which is insulting. You know, I think I, I actually understand notes about like likability. 'cause like I think that's like a easy note for an executive to give is like this often there'll be a character based on me and they'll be like, this character's not likable. Well Wasn't there that note from that executive or something about Jonah Hill's character super bad? Yeah, that was the thing. Yeah, that Sony, well it was Sony like corporate Sony, Sony made the movie, you know, Sony owns Columbia Pictures and, and so Sony made super bad and there's a seed in super Bad where it was supposed to be Michael, Sarah and Jonah's character Seth and Evan based on us playing PlayStation together.


And then we got a note from Sony corporate. Yeah. That Jonah's character couldn't interact with a Sony product. Basically it was even worse on Pineapple Express where they wouldn't even let us put a PlayStation in the movie altogether. Wow. And we had a scene where Kim was playing a video game and we had to like invent a console that didn't exist. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Like so on that one was like, we don't even wanna be in this movie. But the thing about the super bad one, I mean Jonah's character is based on you. It is based on me. And they were like, yes, this character is too reprehensible to be touching a PlayStation. And I was like, that hurts. You've always been a good looking guy to me. Seth, Thank you.


A few years ago though, there was like this market change, you became very, very stylish in like a very intentional way. And I just wanna know if it's an evolution of just who you are or was it, is there a story behind it? I mean, truthfully, like, I think I just realized at one point that like, because you're a comedian, every time you do a photo shoot they try to make you look like a buffoon. And I feel like there was a moment where I was like, what if instead of like me looking sort of good but also kind of dumb. I just actually like put on nice clothes and you took my picture like you do every other person who is in these magazines, you know, and you don't try to subvert it in some way and you don't like try to make me look good, but then also like throw a pie on my face or something like that, right?


Like what if I actually just got like the photo shoot treatment as you put me on the cover of your magazine? And that was really it. And I remember, it's funny 'cause afterwards I remember another comedian coming up to me who's very famous and being like, what did you do? And I was like, I just told them I didn't wanna look stupid. And he was like, whoa, I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna stop looking stupid. And they did and they started to be looking incredibly fashionable. Yes. I mean, do people treat you differently or relate to you differently? Not really. I didn't get offered like a Louis Vuitton campaign all of a sudden or anything like that. I probably get lent nicer clothes for movie premieres and stuff like that, but not really.


No. It's better. The alternative, I feel like I used to be called Schlubby all the time and now that doesn't happen as much. So it is like, I think it just is nice to feel as though I'm representing myself better and, and I'm someone who in real life, my wife always, my wife always talks about like when we first started dating, I owned like diesel jeans. Like I'm someone who, I'm someone who like in my own way have always tried to take pride in their appearance and tried to wear things that reflect my taste. You know? I just never, I couldn't always afford to do it. So that was also something that was nice. But no, if anything, again, I'm just happy I don't have to look stupid all the time. Seth Rogan, this has been such a pleasure to talk with you and thank you for the studio.


Thank you. Seth Rogan, co-created and stars in the new series, The Studio, it premieres on Apple TV plus on March 26th. This is Fresh Air


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum from A quality standpoint is the best in the world To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't gobo planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your Podcasts.


On the next through line from NPR For the presidency, I'm indebted to almighty God. I'm in charge of the country and I need to serve all the American people and not just the political machine. The origins of the modern civil service, listen to throughline wherever you get your podcasts.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast,


The new crime series, long bright River stars, Amanda Seyfried as a police officer who searched for a killer plunges her back into her family's past in a troubled Philadelphia neighborhood. It's based on the bestselling novel by Liz Moore, our critic at large. John Power says that the show is after something much more than solving a crime. Every crime story takes place somewhere, but those somewheres can be very different in kind. There're the artificial somewhere of Agatha Christie's country houses and the mean streets of noir. There are the touristic somewheres of murder mysteries that serve up Paris or Tuscany as inducing backdrops.


And then there are the somewhere that are so gritty and confining, they become a major character in the story. The Baltimore of the Wires Say, or Dennis Le Haines Boston. The new peacock streaming series Long Bright River belongs to this last group based on the acclaimed novel by Liz Moore who co-wrote the series with Nikki Toscano. This eight part story is set in Kensington, a struggling opioid ravaged blue collar Philadelphia neighborhood that leaves its mark on everyone who lives there propelled by its heroine. Search for a killer long, bright river isn't just a mystery, but a heartfelt story about wounded communities, wounded families, and the wounded individuals who try to make things better.


Amanda Seyfried stars as Mickey Fitzpatrick, a Kensington born cop who patrols her old hood while trying to raise her brainy 7-year-old son Thomas as a single mom. Although Mickey doesn't love her job, she once dreamed of being a classical musician. She jumps into action when somebody starts murdering young drug addicted women who are working the avenue as they call it. Not only did she grow up alongside some of these sex workers, her own estr sister Casey played by Ashley Cummings is one of their cohort and Mickey can't find her as she starts investigating the case not always wisely. Mickey soon discovers that to get anywhere she's going to need to face up to her past.


She starts by seeking help from her former police partner Truman. That's British actor Nicholas Pennick, a real mensch whose friendship she has betrayed, but that's not all. Mickey has her own dark secrets and the quest for the magenta haired Casey forces her to expose them in a series of flashbacks. We learned the painful family history that led the sisters to be raised by their grandfather, a gruff, but essentially decent man. Played by that great hard ass actor, John Dome, and we see what drove them apart here. Truman asks Mickey about Casey's disappearance and gets a hint of potential danger. How long she been gone this time?


Like six weeks. Feels like just yesterday she was standing in the supper line in St. Francis and These victims. Any connection to Casey Other than the fact that they all work the avenue, Casey's been missing six weeks and most of these girls' bodies showed up days after they disappeared, right? So So maybe it's unrelated. Casey's gone missing before I Know. But in Alonzo's video, Casey was picked up by a John and a red pickup truck. I saw a red pickup truck outside of my house and I think I saw a red pickup truck in Kensington too. You think he's been following You? I don't know.


My landlord said that a guy got out of the truck and was asking about me and she tried to describe him. I have no idea who it is. If you watch a lot of police shows, you'll know that long Bright River belongs to the operatic sub-genre that includes mayor of East Town and perhaps the mother of such shows. The British series Happy Valley, all of which focus on women cops whose family crises are woven deeply and inextricably into the mysteries they're solving reacher. They're not. If long, bright River is less enjoyable than those earlier series. That's because it's less good at infusing its grownup themes with a sense of pop melodrama, it can feel a tad depressive.


While Cipher is an actress I've long admired, she doesn't automatically strike one as a cop. And in fact, her best scenes are the intimate ones with Casey Truman and her grandfather. She's great at conveying Mickey's struggle to do the right thing in a neighborhood that has learned to treat the police as an enemy that harasses them, but doesn't protect them. Painfully self-contained. She lives a life of anxious responsibility forever, trying to safeguard her sister and her son. You can understand her fears. They live in an area of Philly whose declining bodies a profound social collapse, incomes low jobs, vanished schools, lousy opioids, replacing Hope.


Kensington is a place of ragtag shops, worn out housing, terrifying street life and unhappy faces. Hopelessness passes itself from generation to generation with some like Casey being sucked into the whirlpool of addiction and despair. While others like Mickey struggle to keep those they love from joining what a priest calls a long, bright river of departed souls. Of course, long Bright River is a mystery, not a sociology lesson, and I'm happy to assure you that by the end, we discover the killer's identity and see justice done or a certain kind of justice. Anyway, John Powers reviewed the new series Long Bright River.


It's now streaming on Peacock tomorrow on Fresh Air, the promised and peril of artificial intelligence, investigative reporter Gary Lin's. New book tells the inside story of how AI was developed and how big tech firms are racing to build powerful systems with enormous potential for harm and profit. His book is AI Valley. I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews.


Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our managing producer is Sam Brier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annamarie Baldonado, Lauren k Crile, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Chalen, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly CD Nesper. Roberta Schrock directs the show with Terry Gross. I'm Tanya Mosley.


I'm Jesse Thorn. This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, she's really Looking at me like I'm a dinosaur, so she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


This message comes from stamps.com. Work takes up a lot of your day, but you should still have flexibility to decide how to invest your time. If your day is consumed by tedious mailing and shipping tasks, stamps.com gives you the flexibility to focus on what only you can do. Go to stamps.com and sign up with code NPR for a special offer.


Imagine if you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR, a show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPRs, wait, wait, don't Tell me Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.