
Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels with over 300 independent hotels around the world. Each exactly like nothing else. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of hotel brands. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian Cooley. Some people don't know Randy Newman's name, but they do know his celebrated movie songs. Like You've Got A Friend In Me From Toy Story. Some people also know him as the guy who wrote a big novelty hit about short people and a smaller number are aware of a large body of work, including dark songs about relationships, racism, geopolitics, pollution, and religion that ranks among the finest pop music to emerge from Los Angeles in the latter part of the 20th century. A new biography of Newman by Robert Hilburn takes its title from one of Newman's songs. It's called A Few Words.


in Defense of Our Country and rock critic Ken Tucker says, it presents all these facets of Newman's life. What is happened down here is the wind have changed. Clouds roll in from the north, then it start.


Three of Randy Newman's uncles were Hollywood film composers, and their skill and success was apparently, according to this new biography, a huge burden for a young Randy Newman who knew he too wanted to be a musician, but doubted his talent. He took refuge in music. His uncles ignored rock and roll, especially the tumbling piano hits of fats. Domino rock music gave Newman an escape route into both fantasy and social commentary, and soon he was making up characters and inhabiting them. You look like a I'm drunk right now.


Mean I love you. and I always Marie. That's the achingly beautiful Marie from the 1974 album. Good old boys and Robert Hillburn's. Telling Newman is torn between two impulses. As an artist, he wants to have hits writing pop music, after all means it should be popular. And he wants to say something to express opinions on racism, sexism, and the always fraught grander of the American dream.


I don't love the mountain. I don't love to see, I don't love Jesus. He never done a thing for me. I ain't pretty like my sister, small like my dad, but good like my mama. That's the Thrillingly sour. It's money that I love.


From 1979, this biography spends its nearly 500 pages trying to get at the sources of Newman's Range and ambition along the way. The book describes a recording industry that no longer exists. When Newman's childhood pal, Lenny Warriner became a Warner Brothers executive, he was able to sign Newman and nurture his friends. Lovely but eccentric oblique, but abrasive music for the near decade it took to yield a hit short. People in 1977, no record company would do that nowadays. But what Warner's ended up getting was far more than a novelty smash. They got rich film scores, character sketches of the exploited, and the creepy, and much prickly historical observation, Just a few words sense of our country.


It's time at the top could become a good end. We don't want your love respect this point pretty much outta the question times like these show could use a friend. That's the song that gives this book its title, 2000 Eights A Few Words in Defense of Our Country. What I was struck by over and over as I prepared this review was how much Newman's work, ever since his debut in 1968 anticipates the times we're living through today.


The writing in this biography isn't really worthy of its subject. Hilburn was a workman-like newspaper writer, pop critic for the Los Angeles Times for 35 years, who rarely manufactures gleaming prose. But here he's performed the heroic brute labor of interviewing seemingly everybody in Newman's life, and organizes it into a narrative that will convince any relative newcomer to Newman's work that this guy is some kind of genius. I have nothing left to say, I'm gonna say anyway. 30 Years upon the stage and I hear the people say, why won't he go Away And pass the Houses of the Dead and calling me to join that group.


But I stagger on from protect From, But it dead, but I, I'm dead. but it, Of course, defining Newman's genius has always been the difficult part. If only because it's so wide ranging. He's composed some of the prettiest melodies and cleverest lyrics of the modern era. He's sung in The Voice of a Slave Trader in the song Sail Away and in the character of an unabashed racist. In the song Rednecks Newman essentially introduced the unreliable narrator to Singer songwriter pop.


And for that, he has been misunderstood as agreeing with the redneck or actually hating short people. Now more than ever, he's not a pop star for the monkish literal minded strain in our current culture. Randy Newman is now 80 years old. One of his masterpieces, good old boys, is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. It remains so alive, so vital. I urge you to go and listen to it. Ken Tucker reviewed the new biography of Randy Newman, written by Robert Hillburn called A Few Words in Defense of Our Country, When you, there's no one to keep you.


Remember, you can always, With the release of this new biography of Randy Newman, we thought it would be good to hear from the man himself. In 1998, Terry Gross spoke with him at the time. He had a new four CD box set called Guilty, 30 years of Randy Newman. It collected his studio recordings, including classics like Sail Away, lonely at the Top, rednecks and Political Science.


It also featured demos and other previously unreleased tracks and scores from such films as Ragtime, the Natural Parenthood and Toy Story. Let's hear Terry's 1998 interview with Randy Newman. Randy Newman, welcome back to Fresh Air. It's good to be here. I Wanna focus on that third cd, the CD of mostly demos and previously unreleased material. The first song on that CD is called Golden Grid Iron Boy, and this is a song about not getting the girls and not being a football hero. How did you write this song? I don't know. It sounds like I wrote it with my foot now, but I was, I was 18, actually, I got it wrong.


It should have been Grid Iron, golden Boy. I mean, that's the way I wrote it, but I must have got flustered at the recording session and I think Lenny Warner called me and says, oh, why don't you write a song? I was started writing songs when I was like 16 and it was football season, and he was a giant football fan, and I was a football fan. He said, you know, why don't you write a football song as if it were, it it completely archaic form in the first place. Besides, you know, the nerd doesn't end up getting the girl or anything. It's a very strange effort. Speaking of strange, this record was produced by Pat Boone. How did you get hooked up with Pat Boone?


My father was a doctor, and Pat Boone was a patient and he heard me sing and was one of the first people actually to liked the way I sung, you know, so I'm forever grateful to him. Now, Glenn Campbell was featured on guitar on this track. Yeah. Yeah. He did a lot of demos. He's probably on a lot of these other things too. He was doing demos then when I started, the first people I worked with were Leon Russell and David Gates, who later went on to perform Bread and Jimmy Gordon, who was in Blind Faith, and, and a lot of those people played demos, early demos with me, so, Well, let's hear Golden Grid Iron Boy, do you wanna say anything else about it before we spin it?


No, I'll say what I said in the liner notes of the box set love means never having to say You're sorry. Okay. This is Randy Newman recorded in 1962 In his football. Beautiful. He looks 10 feet tall. All the girls run after you and my girls in front of him all because he's a football hero. She's in a, in every game. It's still the same. She talks nothing but him.


Oh, when he makes a touchdown, she goes wild with every store. I lose more ground to her gold, iron too small to make the team. I can only play the, but I'm enough to have dream that one day she'll understand the one who loves. He loves the cheers of the crowd. One day she'll see what she means to me, and I know that she'll be proud day that he just loves the glory.


That's all he'll ever enjoy. And that's inside. Yeah, that's the inside story. Real Her Golden Red Iron Boy. Yay, Randy Newman. Did you expect that to be a hit? No, I didn't. I didn't. IIII don't think I did. And you were right. I was right. Yeah. I almost never, never, never have. All it's been is like a skeleton in the closet.


But you know, it's a very sad, sad song when I really listened to it. You know, the guy, the guy, I'm too small to make the team. Wow. and I can only play in the Band. And that's quite an admission. Yeah. Now, now Didn't exactly have my finger on the pulse of the American public's desire for heroes, you know? So you weren't expecting to be a Singer, but you were hoping to be a songwriter. You were a songwriter. I was, you were writing for a publishing company and I Was, What was your image of a songwriter back then? This was a kind of transitional period in the early sixties. You know, you're past Tin Pan Alley, you're kind of in the, the end of the Li Libra and Stoller era. And right at the kind of dawn of the big, of the period where bands were gonna be writing their own songs.


The, the image that I, that I cherish and love is The Image. I don't know whether you'd would remember, was like, I remember Donald O'Connor and Sid Fields, I think they used to play this songwriter, and they listen to this, listen to this. Jimmy Cagney had a movie like that once, except he was a writer. I can't think it was with Pat O'Brien. I loved the idea of these two guys getting all excited about some, you know, Korean War song or something. The image I had was that ancient motion picture image of, of Tin Pan Alley and, and you know, two guys hammering it out.


And it was also of Carol King and Jerry Goffin, and Barry Mann and Cynthia Wild, and the people who were very successful contemporaneously with my attempts to write songs for people. I wanna get to another trap. This is a song called Love is Blind, which is, I, you know, just as the first song that we heard, golden Grid Iron Boy is very out of character for you. This kind of cheerful or not cheerful, Not Not be football song. It's a generic lyric. Yeah. You know the Exactly. That's what it is. Right? You say in the notes that you wrote it when you were 18. Yeah. So, so you were 18 and already writing that Love is bitter, love is hopeless, love is blind. It leads me to think that you already had a sense of your self as writing more dark and cynical songs than your average songwriter.


Well, there are some pretty Lugubrious love songs, you know, I mean, a lot of them are, are pretty bleak, you know, he stopped loving her today and a lot of country things, but that was a pretty down cat, I guess. I don't know. Well, let's hear this song. Love Is Blind written in about 1962. The recording we'll hear is 1968. And this is from Randy Newman's box set. Guilty, 30 years of Randy Newman. They say that love sweet thing, love will always shine, but in spite of what they say, I think of love is, love is bitter, love is hopeless, love is blind.


I love, I spent a Thousand Empty yesterday. Our poise may write about love and Wise Men may Sing is what our, I remember as I go through the day, love is, love is love, Love is Blind.


One of the demos on Randy Newman's box set guilty. What were you saying there? Well, I was laughing at by at the ending, you know, I was just sort of aimless wandering, you know, in the motion picture movie business, we call it Grazing and I, just like, you know, I was, I was waiting to end it. I know where I should have gone, but it didn't go there. It made me laugh. Well, well, that was a demo. Did you ever record it other than that for yourself? No. No. I never thought enough of it. Well, I like It a lot. Why don't You? Yeah, I do too. Okay. I Veil of tears. Well, sure. Things like that, I mean, yeah, sure. But I mean, I grew to not be able to stand that stuff coming from myself. I mean, I'll listen to records and love them and they'll have lyrics like that in them, but I, I can't do it.


You know, it's like, if you know better, don't do it. Randy Newman speaking to Terry Gross in 1998. After a break, we'll hear more of their conversation and film critic Justin Chang reviews the new thriller conclave set in the Vatican. I'm David Bian Cooley and This is Fresh Air Hayden, New York City. It's Cold and it's down and all the people, let's leave Chicago a little Rolling there.


Pearl Highway, the big my side. Santa. The winds blowing hot. We down, put down the top the don't let the music stop it. Just can't ride it no more. From the side to the, from the west side to the east side, everybody all the time.


We love it.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Autograph collection hotels offering over 300 independent hotels around the world, each exactly like nothing else, hand selected for their inherent craft. Each hotel tells its own unique story through distinctive design and immersive experiences. From medieval falconry to volcanic wine tasting, autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of over 30 hotel brands around the world. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This message comes from better help. Can you think of a time when you didn't feel like you could be yourself like you were hiding behind a mask? Better Help Online Therapy is convenient, flexible, and can help you learn to be your authentic self so you can take off the mask because masks should be for Halloween fun, not for your emotions. Visit better help.com/npr today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow, sell without needing to code or design. Just bring your best ideas and Shopify will help you. Open up shop. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bean Cooley, professor of television studies at Rowan University. We're listening to Terry's 1998 interview with Singer songwriter and composer Randy Newman, whose ironic popular songs include short people I love LA and Lonely At the Top. He's also written scores for the film's, Ragtime, the Natural Toy Story, monsters, Inc and More. When Terry spoke with him, he had just released a four CD box set, compiling 30 years of his work. Nee were telling us before that when you started writing songs, you didn't think of yourself as a Singer. When did you actually start performing your own songs and thinking of yourself as a performer?


Well, it would be two separate answers, probably. I mean, I think I, the first time I was on stage was in 1970 and I, I was, I remember the first time I played it was in someplace in San Selma, the Lions something, lions share. And my back was to the audience and I. I think I, I took a dexedrine or something, which made me go inward a bit. And my back was facing them and I was a little upright piano and I just played. And, and it was the last time I ever took anything, you know, on stage. and I was just kind of uncomfortable.


But I sort of liked it the next time I performed. I did like it and I still do and which is the reason for doing it. But I, and so I, I thought of myself as a performer. Yeah, right. You know, sometime in 19 70, 19 71. Not in a traditional sense, but I, I could make an audience laugh and, and they'd sit, get quiet for the songs they're supposed to be quiet for. And, and I liked it. It's, it's a good deal. Easier than, than writing. I, for me, I think that you're becoming a Singer opened up your songs in terms of subject matter too. I mean, how many other songs singers would be willing to sing songs in the persona of a racist or of someone who's very insecure and unsure of themselves in the way that a lot of the characters in your songs are True?


Actually, you know, there's more of it lately than there ever has been. You know, a lot of these great girl writers and, and, and are willing to admit to insecurities and bad behavior and, and with knowledge. You know, you people write songs where they behave badly. You know, she's having my baby and things like that and don't realize it, you know, but, but, but if it's a conscious artistic thing, you know, some of the rap too is, is that way. It's a very unusual, you're right. It's a, it's an unusual to take on a persona that's, that's less than, than heroic or admirable and I. But I'd started doing it in 65 and I still didn't think of myself as necessarily having a recording career.


I'm so precise about this date because, because of this box that I can hear that Simon Smith was like the first song that I wrote that was a little, I believe a little off center. Maybe there's an earlier one. I don't know. Well, I wanna get to another song from the third CD of the box set. And again, this is the CD with the previously unreleased sessions and the demos and a couple of the tracks from the CD are from a live album that was released. Though I think it might not have been terrifically distributed. And the song I wanna play is called, maybe I'm Doing It Wrong. And it's a waltz about sex, not quite measuring up to what it's supposed to be, Or, or, or individual not measuring.


Right. Yeah, yeah, you're right, you're right. Well, Well both Yeah. Insecure about his performance and about That's right. Yeah. The response that he's getting Yeah. In himself. So many pop songs are supposed to be sung in the Voice of the Seducer who's bragging about how good a lover he is. Yeah. Did you intend this to subvert that kind of song? Yeah. And, and It's really a great idea because it's, it's, it's a widespread thing, you know, people don't necessarily talk about it. I mean, you have no, you have no idea from knowing a person. My experience is at least that what they're like sexually or, or you can't even guess at that, that and money, you know, you can try and borrow $5 from someone you've known for 30 years and they won't give it to you.


And it, it, it's a, it's a complete unknown. And I really liked, this song is short, but I always thought it was a great idea for a song and, and, you know, I, like, I, I wished I'd done more, but, but I couldn't think of what more to do. Well, let's hear it. This is, maybe I'm doing it wrong. Ain't no book.


You can, ain't to I don't, sometimes I throw a good one. I I know. I I shouldn't be. and I, Why did you write that song as a waltz?


I don't know. It just came out that way. Almost every song I've written has had words and music sort of come at the same time. But, but no, usually the music comes a little first, so I, I probably was just clumping along like that and maybe, yeah, it just, I, I didn't do it for any artistic reason, though. I'd be happy to take credit for any sort of Viennese reason that you'd like to give me. Oh, well thanks for the invitation. I, I have a reason I'd like to give you Yeah. The, the, this song is about kind of frustration in sexuality, but the walls has such a nice lilt, such an easy lilt that it's a nice contrast.


Mm, It does. You know, it, it, yeah. It's sort of in one. Yeah. It could be, it might be Also, I love a record called If You Got To Make a Fool of Somebody, I don't know which came first, but I mean, I wanted, maybe I wanted to write something like that. It's a, it's, it's an, this is an instance I hear, listen to the audience where sometimes Harry Nelson once told me, I asked him, you know, it was a constant thing with him not performing why he didn't perform. And one time it was mainly, I think because he was frightened of it, I think, but I don't know.


But he said once it was because he's worried it would hurt his work, that the audience reaction would be like, throw him off. 'cause he wouldn't know his good stuff. And it's a very small thing. That thing you can, you can isolate it as a writer. I mean, the audience will react to some things. Like sometimes I'll throw off a good one. Like I probably could have done better there, you know, but they laughed at it. I knew they liked it, so I left it alone. Now, could you ever imagine writing or singing a song in the opposite persona? The song of In The Voice of the Great Seducer The Great Lover Baby, I'm so good. Only as a joke. I mean, why talk if if, if that's the case, only as a joke, I've probably done that.


I mean, almost certainly I've done it in, in some of my songs, you know, bragging. I can't think of one now, but it's an emotional girl to some slight strange degree. But I know there's better. You can leave your hat on that guy's sort of lame, you know? And yet they take it and treat it straight, you know, sex. I'm glad you mentioned, you can leave your hat on that, that song was used in, what's the movie called? I'm just blanking out on the title. Full Monte Philmont and nine and a Half Weeks. Well, Mont was such a big art house hit. Did that, did that revive the song and bring you in?


Surprising Royalties? Oh, the, the other thing was even a bigger hit, oh nine and a half weeks was such a big hit in Europe that it was a hit in almost worldwide. So I, I guess that it was revived both times. Yeah. So you never know which old songs are gonna come back at you. Yeah. and I did a TV show with Joe Cocker and I did the thing, and let's see, what did I do it in? Yeah. And I said, what key you do it and I figured maybe do it higher. I forget g maybe a minor third. And he said, no, you didn't see. and I said, see, and, and up there I could sing it in CI could have sung it in C and the band could have really rocked, you know, and you could have heard it.


And he had a hit with it up there where I was mumbling around you go, you, you know, I was trying to get the character right. I just didn't have any sense of, I mean, I wish I'd done it in sea to tell you the truth. So the song sounds a different when he did it. Oh, Yeah. I mean, it, it being a six tire made it, you know, took you way up there and, and you, you really belted it out. Whereas mine was more IV TiVo. Right. Yours was more the heavy breather. Yeah. But in a, in, in sort of harmless, you know, I mean, I think some women's group were offended, but I meant the guy to be kinda laughed at though.


As I get older, I take it more seriously, you know. Well, since you've mentioned you can leave your hat on, you have your own recording of that on the new four CD box set. So why don't, why don't we listen to that? Sure. There we take off code cold. Feel slow. We take off shoe. Yeah. I take shoe take off your Yes, yes, Yes.


You can leave your head on. That's Randy Newman recorded in 1972. He spoke with Terry Gross in 1998 on the occasion of the release of a four CD box set of his music more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one platform. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash story.


This message comes from Carvana with Carvana value Tracker. You can track your car's value anytime, anywhere. Carvana will even let you know when your car's value changes with updated emails, however you value your car, know its worth with Carvana value Tracker.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Saatva. You hear a lot of statistics during elections. Here's another. Over a third of Americans suffer from sleep deprivation. Saatva offers handcrafted mattresses to help you sleep soundly. Visit SA tva.com/npr


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to Terry's 1998 interview with Randy Newman, who spoke to her after releasing a four CD box set of his music. Another overview of his long and impressive career. A new biography has just been published. You come from a, a film music extended family. Your uncles were Lionel and Alfred Newman and Alfred And Amal. Amal Newman, the forgotten, forgotten Newman And Alfred Newman was head of music for 20th century Fox. Film scores include Grapes of Wrath, hunchback of Notre Dame, captain from Castile, all about Eve Weathering Heights. Did, did having them in in the family prevent you from being willing to sell your soul in order to make it in Hollywood?


I never had a romantic view of Hollywood and I. I never had because, you know, the, the actors weren't around by the time they were working on the picture. and I would see that, you know, I'd hear them talk about this director, that actor or actress, and there was never any glamor to it. For me particularly, I don't know, maybe you sell your soul a little when you do a movie anyway, a movie music. But I, I don't, I don't feel that way. I think I've done some of my best work writing stuff that I never would've gotten to had I not been had, had not the movie dictated that I write something like that.


Like the natural, I mean, I'm not gonna write heroic music like that, I don't think, or at least if, if I did, it would be very dissonant, I think. and I'm glad I got to it. Well, I thought we could hear some of your new orchestral movie music. And this is not from the Box, that this is from the CD of A Bug's Life, and you did the score for the movie and I thought we'd play Victory. This is, this is a really interesting piece. I don't know if you remember them by name or not. Is that a no? No, I don't remember 'em. Well, Why don't I play some of this and then you could tell us a little bit about writing it and about how it's used in the actual movie. Sure.


Music, Randy Newman composed for the film of Bug's Life. Some of that really hearkens back to classic adventure film scores. Yeah. But, but it, it's 20th century, you know, I might not have known I could do that if had had it not called for it. You know, the, it's a grasshopper chasing a flying through the air, chasing an ant. But, but to me it's ow and that's exactly what, but it, it brought forth in me some sort of, you know, like bar talk on a bad day at least, you know, it's sort of decent 20th century music and, and, and technically difficult and unbelievably well played by, you know, there's the one crummy horn entrance kind of, but I mean, that's all right.


And, and the but, but th those musicians had that music. Maybe we did it in an hour and a half. Wow. That, that one thing and that that is really difficult for everybody. It Must be pretty exciting for you to hear played what you've only heard in your head before. Yep. It's about the best thing I do. I like it so much that, that I'm willing to put up with a lot of, of downside to that job to do that. Like, like I really liked hearing that just now, you know, listening to me sing. It's more important, you know, songs I guess, and songwriting. But, you know, I don't know how loud this is in the movie, but it's not the main thing going on.


I mean, the, with the, with the Ant gets Away is the main thing. But I gave me kind. I I like that. It sounds really good to me. Yeah, me too. Randy Newman, thank you very much for talking with us. Great pleasure as always. Randy Newman speaking to Terry Gross in 1998. In addition to his solo albums and film scores, Randy Newman also has written a musical, Randy Newman's Faust. In 1993, he recorded a concept album of its music with an all-star cast, including Don Henley as Faust James Taylor as God Bonnie Rai, as the devil's unfaithful girlfriend and Newman himself as the devil.


In the opening song, glory Train, Randy Newman, Satan singing to God provides his personal perspective on it all. All of the know in die, some fools in the desert with nothing else to do. So scared of the dog, they didn't if they were coming or going.


So they, and they embedded you and other will all and everybody will a, a beautiful of their imagination and you, and you know it. And That's Randy Newman singing as the Devil in a song from his musical Faust Robert Hillburn's.


New biography of Randy Newman called A Few. Words in Defense of Our Country has just been published. Coming up Justin Chang reviews Conclave a new movie thriller set in the Vatican. This is Fresh Air.


Hey there, it's Tamara Keith. I cover the White House. I know this is hard to believe, but one day the election will be over, then the winner gets a lot more powerful. It's my job to report on what they do with that power. That's public accountability, but it's not possible without public support. So please support our work. Sign up for NPR plus go to plus.npr.org. Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air up first NPR News now Planet Money, TED Radio Hour throughline, the NPR Politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love, wildcard our just some of the podcast you can enjoy, sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Grammarly. You use multiple platforms every day at work. Writing is involved for most of them. That's why Grammarly works where you work. 96% of Grammarly users say it helps them create more impactful writing. It works across 500,000 apps and websites with one click go from editing drafts and hours to seconds. Sign up and download for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's G-R-A-M-M-A-R y.com/podcast. Easier said, done.


This is Fresh Air in the new thriller conclave now playing in theaters. Ray Fines plays a cardinal in the Vatican who is tasked with overseeing the election of a new Pope. The movie also features Stanley Tucci, John Lithgo and Isabella Rossini, and was directed by Edward Berger of the Oscar Winning All Quiet on the Western front. Our film critic, Justin Chang, has this review of conclave In describing conclave. I can't improve on the words of a friend, the variety critic Guy Lodge, who suggested that this twisty piece of Pope fiction should have been titled Corpus Agatha Christi. That sums up the movie's paperback thriller appeal and its dramatic limitations adapted from Robert Harris's 2016 novel.


Conclave isn't a whodunit exactly, although it does begin with the discovery of a body. The Pope has died unexpectedly in his quarters, and the Sacred College of Cardinals will now hold a conclave to determine his successor. The conclave will be overseen by Cardinal Lawrence played by an excellent Ray fines. Lawrence has his work cut out for him. He's having serious doubts about both his future in the church and his personal faith, and his contentious and spiteful colleagues are not doing much to restore it. Before long, the college will devolve into a cesspool of backbiting, inviting and ruthless smear campaigning perfectly timed for this nail biting election season.


In other words, things start off civilly enough as Cardinals from all over the world descend on Rome for the conclave. In this scene, Lawrence greets his longtime friend and ally Cardinal Bellini, whose favored to do well in the election. He's played by Stanley Tucci expertly cast as a man who can be by turns, catty and serious minded. Father Bellini, Aldo, Am I the last one? Not Quite. How are you? Oh, well, you know, fairly dreadful. Have you seen the papers? Apparently it's already decided to be me And I happen to agree with them.


What if I don't want it? No sane man would want the paper Seat. Some of our colleagues seem to want it. What if I know in my heart that I am not worthy? You are more worthy than any of us. I'm not. Well then tell your supporters not to vote for you to pass the chalice And let it go to hymn and I could never live with myself. The hymn that Bellini Can't Stand is Cardinal Esco played with Delectable Comic Menace by the Italian actor Sergio Casto. Tedesco is the kind of staunch traditionalist who still complains that the church got rid of the Latin mass. The more liberal minded Bellini and Lawrence fear that he will take the church backward if he's elected.


They want to see the church make progress on gay rights, multi-faith, unity, and women in leadership issues that, of course, bedevil Pope Francis' Reign in the present day. But for all these high-minded gestures at topicality, conclave isn't really about the challenges facing Catholicism today, nor is it about the clergy sexual abuse scandals that continue to make headlines and which the movie acknowledges. In passing, the director Edward Berger is in it mainly for the intricate puzzle box plotting and the relentless political backstabbing Berger previously directed. All quiet on the Western front, and he stages conclave as another kind of war movie where words become weapons and even the Cardinals seating arrangements begin to resemble battle formations.


One of these men will be the next head of the church, and the options aren't terribly inspiring. John Lithgow gives a Wiley performance as one of the college's more popular and opportunistic members. Lucian EMS oozes ambition as a cardinal who's vying to become the first African Pope in many centuries. Conclave is a noisy movie. The actors chew and chew. The Vatican scenery and vulgar Bertelsmann's score is as bombastic as an exorcism. I was grateful for the understated, yet commanding presence of the divine Isabella Rossini, making the most of a thin role as a nun who says little but sees everything equally.


Welcome is the Mexican actor Carlos Diaz as a humble cardinal who's led a dangerous ministry in Afghanistan. His motivations are among the movies more intriguing mysteries. Berger is clearly having fun assuring us into the shadowy cloistered world of the Vatican. Complete with detailed recreation of the Sistine Chapel and conclave is undeniably engrossing to watch as it shuffles and reshuffles the narrative deck and serves up one juicy cardinal red herring after another. While the story may be a parlor trick, there's nothing phony about. Ray finds his performance as the movie's troubled conscience.


A thoughtful man of God experiencing a genuine crisis of faith finds makes Lawrence's psychology intensely compelling. Whether he's stepping in to reprimand a wayward colleague or reluctantly considering the papacy himself, Lawrence claims he doesn't have the spiritual fortitude to be Pope. His attitude is basically, let this chalice pass from me. But Bellini calls him out. Every Cardinal harbors the ambition to be Pope, he says, and has even secretly chosen the papal name by which he would like to be known. Speaking of names, Lawrence's first name we learn early on is Thomas, which means that he is literally a doubting Thomas.


Like everything in conclave, it's clever and a little too on the nose. Justin Chang is a film critic at The New Yorker on Monday's show, an evangelical church that grew in reaction against the religious right. They shared an egalitarian vision, but became divided over some of the same issues dividing the country. We talk with Eliza Griswold about her new book, her Late Father, Episcopal Bishop Frank Griswold presided over the consecration of the first openly gay bishop. I hope you can join us.


Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham, with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld and Adam Chesky. For Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley, I'm David Bean Cooley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Betterment, the emotional build of a will. They won't, they love. Story is never chill, but your investing portfolio should be. Betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances. Their automated technology and tax smart tools are easy to set up so you can focus on navigating any will. They won't. They love stories that come your way. Betterment be invested and totally chill. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


This message comes from HubSpot. Growing a business means a lot of audience attracting lead scoring, and long days. But with HubSpot, it's easier than ever for marketers to remix content, boost leads and score customers fast. Learn more at hubspot.com/marketers.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. Capital One. What's in your wallet? Terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.