
This message comes from NPR sponsor Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app for families where kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely, and parents can keep an eye on kids' new money habits. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Comcast. The Olympic and Paralympic games are a source of joy and inspiration for so many. And Comcast is proud to bring all the heartwarming moments and incredible action home to millions of Americans through NBC Universal's, iconic coverage and xfinity's innovative technology. Comcast hopes the stories of team USA will inspire all those watching, especially the next generation, the team of tomorrow. Learn more at comcast corporation.com/olympics.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya. Moseley Prison is rarely, if ever, described as a place where people get to experience joy or explore who they really are. But a new movie gives us an inside look at how incarcerated people are experiencing all of those things through theater. The film is called Sing Sing and is based on a theater program inside of the maximum security prison that's been around for 28 years called Rehabilitation Through the Arts. The movie stars Coleman Domingo as Divine GA man incarcerated for a crime he did not commit. He taps into the depths of his emotions and finds purpose through creating and starring in theatrical performances.


The film is unique in that with the exception of Domingo and a few others, the majority of the cast members are formerly incarcerated people who play versions of themselves. One of those actors is my guest today, Clarence Macklan. He first got involved in the theater program at Sing Sing while doing 17 years for robbery. In the film, Macklan plays a younger version of himself, an imprisoned person who is a natural on stage, but struggles with his temper and shedding the version of himself that landed him there in the first place. Joining Macklin is Sing Sing director Greg Quedar. He and his writing partner, Clint Bentley first learned about the program after reading an Esquire article about a group of men at the prison, including Macklan, who had performed a time traveling musical comedy.


Greg Quitar and Clarence Macklan. Welcome to Fresh Air. Thanks for having us. Yeah, it's kind of crazy to be here. I'm, I'm a listener. Hi mom. This is really a treat for us to talk to you all because this movie was really powerful to watch. And Greg, I read that it took you almost a decade to get this film made. So you were pretty into the story. What was it that you read in that Esquire article that made you want to stick this out and get this made? I think first and foremost, it was the tone of it.


It was the feeling, you know, 'cause I'd read a lot of the press on rehabilitation through the arts and they had done all the classic plays, you know, from Shakespeare to a Few Good Men. But this Esquire piece about this original production that had been formed for four nights only in 2005 at Sing Sing of this time traveling musical comedy called Breaking the Mummies Code. And you know, it was the playfulness of the work juxtaposed against the environment. It was set within that felt like it encompassed almost the entirety of the human experience. And, and I think more than anything, I felt the joy of the men at work doing this.


It felt like an invitation that I couldn't dismiss and that that's sort of taken hold and, and is only deepened with time. Clarence, you were part of that time traveling musical comedy performance, right? Yes. You had participated in the Rehabilitation for the Arts program during your time in prison. Yes. But you had been out since like 2012 and were living life and then you get this call about this opportunity for this movie. I can imagine it was exciting, but it also was kind of a sort of a call from your past from Brent Buell. Is that right? That's right. He was a theater director's that you worked with inside of the prison. That's, and he called you up and said there's this opportunity that Yes.


Greg and his writing partner Clint had for you. Right. Well, you know, it was really a no brainer. Do you want to be in a movie? Of course I'm a hand, you already know that. So if you putting a spotlight on the ground, I'm jumping in it. Well, just to add onto that, Brent was one of the first people I reached out to when I read this Esquire piece. I reached out to the journalist John H. Richardson, and then Brent Bele, who wrote and directed this Madcap comedy and was a 10 year volunteer in the program. And he got on the phone and the thing that he said was just like, you know, if you want to know what this is really like, you need to meet the men who lived it, like come up to New York.


What I didn't like fully grasp at the time was that we were equally being interviewed. Yeah. By, by everyone that that was around that table. But what happened was, you know, we walked through the door in this apartment in, in NoHo had been kind of a safe haven for a lot of the men. Like when men were coming home and didn't have a place to stay, Brent and his wife Janice, would open their doors and allow men to come stay as long as they needed to get on their feet. And so it already kind of possessed a bit of the safe space that the program had on the inside. And Clarence was the first guy to walk through the door that day, eight years ago.


And I almost felt him before he entered the room. He has this presence and, and now audiences everywhere are getting to see, see that on screen. But he, alongside the real divine g who was there and several other men that are in this movie, there was this energy around the table. It was so distinctly New York, which was delicious for my Texan ears, but it was also warm and caring and this candle that they had kept on for each other that, you know, even now home from their time incarcerated, anytime that they were around a table, they could light that flame again. You know? And, and we were just like, if we could only channel like what that room feels like and put it onto a screen, we have something.


Clarence, do you remember that meeting? I remember that meeting vividly because when we sat down, we met Greg and Claret, we talked about a little bit of everything. We didn't just only talk about the possibility of making a movie. We talked about how we see the world. It was more of feeling out because we, er has had many opportunities. Many people came to us, but it doesn't seem like they was genuine. And we didn't feel that with Greg and Clint. We felt that they were sincere and they were genuine and they came through Brent. And that in itself carries a lot of weight. I was struck by your description that the guys kept the light on for each other.


And I'm very curious about how that then developed into them playing a version of themselves in the film. Because had you had this concept when you thought, a, I might wanna adapt this into a film that you were going to have actors in the traditional sense or these guys who were actors play themselves. Well, it was very clear even then the talent that's there. And you know, that can be described in a number of ways. There's, yes, there's talent in terms of like acting potential, the craft of which this group of men had developed sometimes for decades through this program and, and through many productions.


But there's this power of what can happen when you add lived experience into the storytelling process as well. And we knew even then that, you know, we wanted to feature alumni in this movie. I mean, just meeting Clarence was like, okay, that guy has to be in the film, you know, but not totally clear yet that it wouldn't just be featured in the film, but actually be a cornerstone of the film. Like be the, the very beating heart of the film, this group of men, you know, at the center with a platform to help tell their own story. That took time, you know, and it took a lot of learning for us as, as artists to open that circle up and not try to imitate what we saw happening as filmmakers, but to actually embrace and almost mirror and reflect the program itself in the process of making the film Something really interesting.


Even at the start of our conversation with each other, I heard you Clarence say to Greg, beloved, and in the film you guys call each other, beloved. Can you tell the story of how that name came to be? Well, a group of us in Sing Sing, not just only members of RTA, there was other men involved too, we decided that we wanted to take this word, the N word, and flip it around and try to find a better way of addressing ourselves and a more positive way of reinforcing reaffirmation about who we are. So to one another, what you mean to me. So Beloved was the term that we came up with.


Hmm. How does it feel to be called Beloved Greg? It's actually the first time Clarence has ever called me that. I mean, I've, I've been a, you know, again, a witness to marveling at what happens when you hear it in the room and then also on film. And then to see how audiences receive that. And it starts to make small shifts inside them. But I remember very distinctly the first time I ever heard, it was the first time that Clarence and Coleman Domingo ever met. It was on a Zoom and they were just having a conversation. I was just kind of eavesdropping in in a little zoom box as they began to discuss and tell stories from their lives.


And when Clarence shared that that was something essential to a lot of the relationships and the culture that they were building inside, it stopped the whole conversation. And Coleman was like immediately brought to tears and he just looked at me, he was like, that has to be in the film. There's such great chemistry between you and Coleman, Domingo, Clarence. Yeah, it feels natural. There are actually two very powerful scenes in the film where you two meet by this window in the prison and each time you're there, you're coming from a different place and by the end you reverse attitudes.


And it feels like we are watching two people who have known each other for a really long time too. What, what did you learn from working with Coleman? Ah, man, I learned a lot of things as far as this craft of entertaining and, and acting like we come from the theater. So I never was on screen before. So it's a lot of differences. And one of the differences that in the theater, at least in the stage that I was performing on, you have to come from the diaphragm to make sure that the guy all the way in the last seat over there can hear every syllable, every annunciation and every inflection on a word, because it may change what he hears. So what I learned from Coleman is that you could bring that in.


You don't have to be so big with it, you know, just bringing in, dig more inside and bring more of yourself out. I want to play a scene from the film Sing Sing in this scene, veteran actor Paul raci, who plays Brent Buell, the theater director, who in real life spent about a decade working for the rehabilitation through the arts program. RACI has a group of you guys participants in a circle during a warmup exercise where he asks all of you to recall a vivid memory. And then the men go around in a circle recounting their memories, starting with Divine G played by Coleman Domingo.


Let's listen. Summer 1977, it's hot water, ice truck coming down the street. Mom gives me 25 cents. I go running down the street to get it and taste all cool in your mouth. Flavor. Jerry, I love Jerry mouth all red, Spending time, my son and my daughter, just watching them grow, living their life, you know, 90 degree weather, cutting grass in the backyard to a point where I'm just so exhausted and I just lay back and I smell of fresh grass.


I just cut and I'm dozing off and my dog come licking sweat off my face Every summer. My mother sent me to Baltimore with my uncles and they're only a few years older than me and it was a sense of freedom 'cause my mother wasn't looking over my shoulders. That's what they doing about the islands. You know, my grandma always tells about the islands, the islands, that's where our people are from. Couldn't do it. My trotro, I ain't never been there. I ain't never been there and I'm not gonna get there. This is real. I'm stuck in this space, but I'm going to be stuck in that space.


I guess I'm done with you suckers. And here it's all right, get a little release. So I guess this is my space. That was a scene from the film, Sing Sing, directed by my guest Greg Edar and starring Clarence Macklin. And we hear in that scene, you guys are doing this exercise, and Clarence in that scene, you're the second person to speak. And I think you say something like, spending time with my son and my daughter and watching them grow. But we notice that everyone else shares these detailed stories and you give the the shortest answer, which is when folks watch the film, they'll understand that, 'cause we're watching your character grow over time.


But your character has this heart of a poet as it's described, but the demeanor of a wolf, was that how it was for you in real life when you first joined the program? Well, I was, yeah, I was a little reluctant to share the, the most inner me, because I didn't think at that point that it would be believed or accepted. So, you know, especially when you're dealing with your kids and, and you know, in prison, you're not going to give up too much about your personal, you know, that kind of trust got a build. And although I was in a circle with brothers, I trusted at that point, I didn't trust that much yet.


How long did it take for you to shed that wolf and allow some of the silly to get in for you to embody the characters that you were playing? Well, it was definitely happened through RTA, it more or less happened during the down times when we weren't doing actual performances, but we were having workshops, and in the workshops we would peel back layers of the onion that we are, we have a bunch of layers that we have to peel back and examine. And in those workshops is where a lot of bonds, a lot of the brotherhood bonds was built. What was your first time being on stage like? I remember everybody said, I, I was supposed to be nervous and have butterflies in my stomach, but that's not what I remember.


What do you remember? I remember me taking the stage. I'm here to tell a story and I wanted you to be engrossed in that story. I want you to be submersed in it. I did August Wilson's play Jitney, and I played Booster the Sun. And I remember I was giving the monologue and I had this pause, I had this pause, and I extended the pause a little bit because, you know, when you're on stage, you only could see the front road, like the lights blind. I can't see everybody, but I couldn't hear anybody breathing nothing. And I didn't know whether I was doing good or bad.


Yeah. So that was empowering for me to find out that I was actually doing good. They was on the edge of their seat waiting for the next thing I say. Greg, what did you know about prison before directing this movie? And, and maybe what was your perceptions? How were they tested? Well, truthfully, very little, you know? And I think that's sort of the power of how the system works to make people who are incarcerated invisible. You know, there's the walls, there's the greens, there's the numbers. All these things are quite effective to kind of erase them from public conscious unless you happen to have your family directly touched by it, of which, sadly, that's also much of America, you know, and I, I was privileged in, in the way that, that my family hadn't directly been touched by incarceration.


But when I first went behind the walls, I was producing a, a short documentary eight years ago, and on a tour of the facility, I passed by a cell and there was a young man raising a rescue dog inside of a cell and literally was stopped in my tracks because in that moment, like the rug was pulled, you know, all of my expectations of prison and incarcerated people largely built upon, honestly, the movies I had grown up watching here. I was seeing the opposite of that. I was seeing a person in their fullness there, in that room. I was seeing the healing that was happening in both directions between this man and this animal. And I was just, I was really frustrated, you know, almost like you had the wool pulled over your eyes for a long time, and now you were seeing like in 2020 vision.


And, and once you see it, once you see someone's humanity, you can't unsee that. And I think that's the gift of what that moment was, but also it was like a charge to what are you gonna do with it now? And that night in the hotel room, I typed in the Google who was doing things differently in prison, and rehabilitation through the arts was at the top of the search field. And I just consumed all of the stories that I was reading. And that's when I came across that Esquire article about the production of this play and reached out, you know, it was all connected in one day, all that unfolded. Yeah. I've heard Clarence say how much it meant for you to see people from the outside come in and spend their time.


Well, I know you initially joined Rehabilitation for the Arts to flirt with the women volunteers. I think that was something that you, that you actually said first, but, but you've also talked about like seeing people like Greg and knowing that they were invested in you and seeing you in the program actually being a, a part of you stepping deeper into your commitment into this kind of work. Yes, that's true. Because it was like we have, all of a sudden now you have people that come in from the outside and they don't see you as this, this wolf, this monster, this whatever image that you have to portray around the yard and in the jail and all those things, but they actually see you as people, as a human being.


And when you, when my opinion became valuable and you know, when my thoughts became something that they wanted to know, you know, it changed the relationship. It's kind of like I have to see myself different as well. I have to formulate valuable opinions now. I can't just offer up anything. So my expectation of them also became an expectation that they had of me. And this was a beautiful exchange because it helps me to grow that way. That's a way that I can learn and grow from by, you know, being respected and being treated as if I matter.


That's one of the things that I would like to pass on for others, that brothers that may feel as though they not valuable or that they don't matter. If we could pour a little bit of that into everyone, if we could let 'em know, just let 'em know that they matter and it would change their own expectations of themselves. If you're just joining us, my guest today are director Greg Quitar and actor Clarence Macklin from the new film Sing Sing. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley, and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva, maker of quality, handcrafted mattresses, founder and CEO. Ron Russon shares one of their core values At Safa, we believe sleep does unlock a superpower. When you wake up and you're totally refreshed, you go after things more. And it all starts with being on the right mattress. And that's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started To learn more, go to SA tv.com/ NPR.


This message comes from Apple TV plus original podcasts, presenting my devo from the producers of anything for Selena and the Pulitzer Prize winning podcast. Suave comes my Devo, a podcast about roots dive into the legendary life, music, and lasting influence of Latin America's most prolific songwriter and showman. Juan Gabrielle Al Divo de Juarez, hosted by Maria Garcia. This is my Divo, an Apple original podcast produced by Futuro Studios. Follow and listen on Apple Podcasts.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Discover, wouldn't it be great to go to twice as many concerts? Well, here's music to your ears. Discover automatically doubles the cashback earned on your credit card at the end of your first year with cashback match. Put that toward double the reunion tours. Imagine getting to see your favorite band when they get back together and break up again. It pays to discover. See terms at discover.com/credit card.


Clarence, you grew up in Mount Vernon, New York, right? Yep. Mount Vernon. How would you describe the area where you grew up? Just like any other suburban city, right outside the Bronx is more hood than not, especially where I grew up at. We grew up poor, but I had a lot of fun growing up. I enjoyed my life. Yeah. You grew up with your mom and your two younger brothers. My two brothers, yeah. Yeah, yeah. There's this description I've, I've heard you say, where like you were a fighter, you were the one to always take up for your little brothers. How did that reputation come to be? Well, growing up, you know, kids are cruel.


They going to find something to pick on you about or whatever. Now picking on me, I'm, I could laugh with you and joke with you, but when if you make my little brother cry, I'm gonna have a problem with that. So that's how the fights would start when they pick on my brother too much and he'd cry. And then you've got the reputation of a tough guy, somebody not to play with. Yeah. Now I found out earlier that a lot of these guys that talk a lot can't fight. Yeah. There's this scene in the movie where you and Coleman, Domingo's character, divine G, are picking out costumes and talking about the program and, and acting and everything. And in this scene you relay your thoughts about who you are.


Yeah. And Coleman Domingo as divine G speaks first. Let's listen. What's up? Be all right. Yeah, it is just my slings and arrows on the inside and all this made believe acting and college degrees. It don't really change the fact I'm a gangster and that's my destiny. That's what's waiting for me on the outside. It's like Hamlet, all he wants is me, Marian, and he'll go against the whole Greek army.


But to what end? But I do know if I don't know anything is you're an artist. It, this is just bringing up parts of yourself that has been hidden, you know, remain dormant. Just go for it, trust it. That was a scene from the new movie, Sing Sing starring my guest, Clarence Macklan, and directed by my guest Greg Quedar. Clarence, what we are watching is you contending with the person that you think you are. And I'm just really struck by you saying like, your destiny is to be this person that you have been. Was that something that you had to do in real life, contend with the person that you are, and then the person that you ultimately would find out is inside of you?


Yes, that's definitely is reflective of how I used to think at a time in my life. Like all the males I saw did the same thing. All the males I saw had pretty much the same outcome. It's pretty rare for anyone to escape it. So this is how young men get to feel as though this must be my destiny, it must be who I'm supposed to be. Until you are presented with other possibilities that you could become something other than this, till that happens, you may live out that destiny rather than challenge it with other realities, other possibilities. When did it become true or real to you that even what Coleman's character is saying to you here, you're an artist, when did that like seep into who you were and who you are?


Well, the artist part was like a reconnection because when I was younger, like in the movie I told, I was telling Coleman, I, I used to draw, I used to paint, I used to create with my hands a lot. However, that's not what the cool kids were doing. And I, I was built like I should be playing football or basketball or something like that. And that's what a lot of the kids my age were, were more into. And this what I guess they built they little team camaraderie around with the uniforms and all that. But I, I'd rather do things on my own, like paint by myself and draw by myself. And being that that wasn't the popular thing to do, I kind of like suppressed that side of me until I reconnected with this rehabilitation through the arts program and began to reawaken that artist person.


Greg, I wanna talk to you a little bit about grief because there is a scene without giving it away, Coleman Domingo's character, divine G's best and only real friend in prison is, is dies. What did you learn about the processing of grief within prison walls? Because I felt like that scene in that that actual storyline offered a different way in ways that I hadn't seen before. to be able to articulate what that feels like from the inside, It was something that honestly, we struggled so much on the page of how to render it. Even in the edit, I kept on going like, maybe we didn't get it right, you know?


And I think as I look back on it, I think part of it is that it's missing all of the rituals we have available to us on the outside to grieve someone's death, the wake a funeral, an actual tombstone. And, and generally outside of this program, inside, none of that is available. There are bars, steel doors, walls that separate you from even seeing with your own eyes that someone is truly gone. You know, the compartmentalization that happens around death is very stark and binary.


You know, there's no room for the normal grieving process, and if you're shown to grieve or to weep, that would be viewed as some kind of weakness, you know? And so the way that that plays out is hard to capture on film because we're like, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know, in our logic as an audience, we're used to seeing these normal steps unfold and they're not there. And I remember it so vividly when we were volunteers, Clint and I were, when we were teaching a class, anytime there was ever an empty chair, immediately the tenor in the room would shift. Like, is that chair empty for some benign reason?


Or is that chair empty for something very awful? You know? And it's a hard thing to process because you don't have the normal tools that are available to the rest of society. Clarence, this is familiar to you because you've lived it. Yes, it is, but the part that RTA shows that I think that no other prison shows, that TV shows or movies have shown is that we gather around our brothers when, when things like that happen, you know, there's a humanity amongst us that all those, those rituals have been taken from us. We still, you know, have our own instrument, which is our physical bodies, and we use that.


If you're just joining us, my guests are director Greg Guiar and actor Clarence Macklin from the new film Sing Sing, which follows a group of men incarcerated at a maximum security prison and who find hope and redemption through a theater program. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh Air


Support for NPR and the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute, plus tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr


support for NPR. And the following message come from IXL Online Is your child asking questions on their homework? You don't feel equipped to answer. IXL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality. One subscription gets you everything one site for all the kids in your home. pre-K to 12th grade make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and NPR listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today at ixl.com/npr.


Clarence at also was, I was struck by your character and I'm wondering if it's real life too, really infused humor into a way to cope. And one of the things you all wanted to do is to create a comedy. Yeah. Right? Which is sort of a mechanism, it's a way to laugh, to keep from crying. It's kind of a a, a way to survive, A way to decompress sometimes. Sometimes the prison needs to decompress. It'd be a lot going on in prison and sometimes the whole prison needs to decompress. They may not even know it, but then you throw a comedy on it and then you got 600 dudes laughing that changes the temperature.


I wanna play a clip of some of the things you all do in the process of coming up with the idea for a play and in particular, this really ambitious play about the time traveling, musical comedy. And you all are spit balling. And Paul raci, who plays a group leader, Brent speaks first. Let's listen. Have you guys the set? We're gonna take a vote here or anybody else have any ideas? Yeah, I don't mean to step on anybody's toes in here or nothing, or, or disrespect the group, but do all the players have to be so serious? Yo, what do you mean by serious Though?


I mean like every day We dealing with trauma, drama every day we got tragedy. I mean, I think population just might appreciate a comedy. Are you guys feel about that? I ain't got a, I don't write comics. I got satires. You never did it before. What kind of comedy would you propose? I mean, would it be a broad comedy or something more low key or, I don't Know. I'm just talking about making people Laugh. Yeah, I understand. But I'm just trying to be more specific in terms of like what kind of comedy you want. I mean, that's just my opinion. How about a cowboy comedy? I always wanted to do a western, like Blazing saddles or something.


Egyptians, Egyptians, Egyptian comedies. We, we can sneak exchange fan there. Hamlet. Hamlet in the comedy, Hamlet in the comedy. We do something in the Forest Robin Hood or something like that. Nightmare Street. Can I ask a question? Can someone name a comedy that contains all that that you just named? That was a scene from the film? Sing Sing directed by my guest Greg Quitar and starring Clarence Macklan. And that was like a really great clip because it allowed us to see just the process, the brainstorming process, which first off, is that how it really was?


Or a variation of how it is? That is a variation of how we do it because we, we take suggestions from population. We'll take, we ask what what do you want to see? And, but what it ultimately lands in the lap of the steering committee, the individuals inside the prison who are actually charged with the, the membership and, and putting things together so everybody in the circle throws out ideas of what we want to do. And that, that's what that scene was indicative of, of how everyone's opinion is valuable. What you guys came up with was pretty fantastical, but have you guys produced things that you were part of that you just really loved?


I liked the, the very first play that I was in was called Strata's Decision. It was another play written by Prisoner and we had a lot of fun with that. It was another lighthearted, you know, something that, that eased the tension. What was it about A strata's decision was a love story. It was something akin to Romeo and Juliet, but it was more comical and it was, that was my really, my first play ever being in, actually somebody had dropped out and I got the opportunity to take their spot. What Was your character? Well, At first I had absolutely no lines. It's a Elizabethan play, so it's a lot of elaborate costumes, a lot of color.


And I up on stage, I got, I'm in a very colorful top and I'm just posturing, but I guess I postured really well because the director decided I may need one or two lines now. Now when I got the one or two lines is when I got bit by the acting bug. Now I need to be the lead. Now there's two lines and You know, you talk about how like of course you can't see the audience, you only see the first row and it's dark and you're reciting your lines and, and sometimes they're just silent 'cause they're like enraptured. But other times you're fed by the energy of the audience, right? Yes. Yeah. It's like a wave.


You learn how to ride it. There's this moment in the film when Coleman's character is released from prison and he's walking out of those gates and it's kind of a long walk to get to where you are Clarence and your character's waiting for him. And that moment of freedom is just written all over Coleman's face. And you experienced that yourself. What was your moment like, your first walk of freedom? My first walk of freedom was similar to what you see in the movie. When I got outta prison, Nick and Dave from Saboteur film were waiting outside for me along with a friend of mine whose name April Watson.


There was three people waiting outside the gate for me. We was just wrapping up the rest of dramatic escape. So they filmed me coming out the gate. So it felt really good to have a support system in place to have someone on the outside waiting for you. And in reality, many of us don't, many of us are driven to the bus station or the train station given $40 and you better be on the train, the very first train outta here or so we may arrest you again, trespassing. And by the time I came out in 2012, I had a lot more skills under my belt than I would have had had I not gone through RTA or had I not gotten a college degree.


So I was a bit more prepared. And plus I had a network of people, brothers and sisters who had already gone through RTA and now they're on the outside creating opportunities for brothers like us that come out. Greg, I'm, I'm reflecting on this idea of rehabilitation because I mean, it's the name of the real life program, it's what prison theoretically is supposed to offer. But we are doing this interview because it's remarkable this program. And these stories feel like, I mean, they feel like an exception and not the rule. They are Is there hope here? I mean, because what you are showing us is a possibility for an answer to a bigger question, a bigger problem that we haven't really found solutions for.


This idea of rehabilitating people through the arts. I mean, it's evident in the work of this program that has been around since 1996 and so many people have come home to beautiful lives that, that they have the, the, the tools and the community around them to flourish. And I mean the results are quite staggering. If you look at, you know, very, a very sad statistic in our country, which is our recidivism rates. You know, over 60% of people within five years of their release will go back inside. But graduates of this program, less than 3% ever go back to prison.


And you know, it is a very bold statistic, but I think the evidence in our film is a proof of its success that the majority of our cast, our alumni of this program, and you are seeing firsthand in the audience the fullness of themselves and their gifts. And I, you know, you just trust as you watch this, that this process is working 'cause you're seeing it unfold in front of your eyes. Clarence Macklan and Greg Quitar, thank you so much for this conversation. Thanks for having Us. It was a gift. Thank you Director Greg Quitar and actor Clarence Macklan from the film Sing Sing.


The movie is in theaters now. After a short break, film critic Justin Chang reviews the independent drama Good one, which premiered at this year's Sundance Film Festival. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR r listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Charles Schwab with their original podcast, choice Allergy Choice. Allergy is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Download the latest episode and subscribe at schwab.com/podcast.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Chevron, demand for energy is projected to continue rising in the future to help keep up. Chevron is increasing their US oil and gas production and they're innovating to help do it responsibly across their operations, including their Gulf of Mexico facilities, which are some of the world's lowest carbon intensity operations, helping supply energy that's affordable, reliable, and ever cleaner. That's energy and progress. Learn more at Chevron dot com slash meeting demand.


Our film critic Justin Chang, recommends the independent drama Good one, which premiered at this year's Sundance Film Festival and opens in theaters August 9th. It's the first feature written and directed by India Donaldson and Stars, James Laro and Lily Colius as father and daughter on a camping trip that goes gradually and suspenseful awry. Here's Justin's review. Too often the month of August is regarded as a fallow period for movie going after the big Blockbusters of the summer, but before the awards contenders of the fall. But the athlete titled New movie Good one is a reminder that there are always smart, interesting films being released if you're willing to look beyond the obvious.


As it turns out, looking beyond the obvious is something that the writer director India Donaldson has a real knack for. In just 90 minutes, she tells a three character story that appears simple enough on the surface, yet it's so sharp and engrossing that you might not immediately notice the deeper story taking shape underneath Lily Collis plays 17-year-old Sam who's going backpacking in the Catskills with her father Chris. That's the terrific James Lare in a too rare leading role. They're supposed to be joined by Chris's oldest friend Matt and his teenage son, Dylan.


But Matt winds up being the only one to come along. He and Dylan's mom are recently divorced and Dylan isn't taking it well. Chris himself has been divorced for a while and he and Sam have a pretty harmonious relationship by comparison. They seem to get along even when they're bickering, as in this scene where Chris criticizes Sam's driving. Okay, so on this curve, just easy, easy Taking them easy, Yeah. Yeah, just sometimes it doesn't feel easy. I'm just striving.


Take a slow down a little bit. Just slow Down. I'm going the speed limit. You're actually going five miles over. I'm not. And You always go like at least 10 Over. That is my privilege as father. She's a better driver than you, man. That's because I taught her. Thank you, Matt, Take a left up here. Much of the movie consists of Sam listening quietly as Chris and Matt go on and on, reminiscing about old times, yet always finding new things to grouse about Chris, a savvy outdoorsman can't stop complaining about how badly Matt has overpacked for a three day hiking trip. While the two men rarely ask Sam how she's doing or feeling, they seem cool enough where it counts.


Chris has long been supportive of his daughter's queer identity. She has a girlfriend whom she texts during the trip whenever she can get a cell phone signal. Matt tells Sam that she's wise beyond her years, unlike all the other reckless rebellious teenagers out there. She's a rare good one in his book, seen by Scene, however, writer director Donaldson paints a subtler picture of the dynamics at work. At times. Good one reminded me of Kelly Reichardt's quietly perceptive 2006 drama old Joy, which also squeezed a lot of emotional history into a fateful camping trip.


You get the sense that Sam has traveled a bunch with her dad and Matt before, and that she's long adjusted to her designated role. When the three of them share a motel room on their way up to the Catskills, it's Sam who instinctively rolls out her sleeping bag without even being asked, leaving the two beds to the men. And once they reach their campsite, it's Sam who cooks dinner for the three of them. Without complaint. The dynamics are complicated beneath the men's easygoing manner, there's an unmistakable air of condescension towards Sam, a sense that their appreciation of her is more conditional than genuine.


If Sam resents them for any of this, she doesn't show it, at least not at first. Colius gives a beautifully understated performance with very little effort, she can register everything from rye affection to barely concealed exasperation. And Donaldson. Working with the cinematographer Wilson Cameron proves as keenly observant as her protagonist, she's alive to the beauty of the mountains, whether it's the site of a majestic canyon or the sound of rushing water, some of the movie's slow simmering tension arises from your uncertainty about what might be lurking nearby.


Whether it's a bear in search of food or three young men, they cross paths with on the hiking trail. But good one isn't one of those movies in which a journey into the wilderness spirals into horror. The dangers that Donaldson introduces are of a more intimate and perhaps more insidious nature. There comes a moment in the story when everything changes and it's at once surprising and unsurprising, all too believable, and in the moment, perhaps a little contrived, but that hardly matters. What matters is how Sam responds to the sudden shift, and Colius shows her unpacking that response almost in real time.


And with a nearly wordless intensity. Good one has the concision of a sharply etched short story. But what happens by the end can't be easily summed up. Sam won't soon forget the lessons of this particular trip and neither will we. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed the new movie. Good one. Fresh Air Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Roberta Schrock, Annmarie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren k Crile, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Susan Nadi, and Joel Wolf.


From our digital media producer is Molly CV Nesper, and we'd like to welcome our new visual and digital producer, Sabrina Seaward. Thea Chaloner directed today's show with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Allianz Travel Insurance. You're all packed for the family trip, but your kid catches a bug at school trip cancellation Benefits from Allianz could help learn more at Allianz travel insurance.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Capella University. Capella's programs teach skills relevant to your career so you can apply what you learn right away. See how Capella can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu.