
Support for this podcast and the following message come from Gia, where everyone can invest in the world's top renewable energy markets. Explore renewable energy projects, shop investments, and get started with as little as $100. Make your money do more at gia.com/npr.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Teri Gross. Happy New Year. We're continuing our holiday week series featuring a few of the 2024 interviews we particularly enjoyed. Today. It's an interview with actor Sterling K Brown. I've admired his work since I first saw him in the miniseries. The People v OJ Simpson, he played Christopher Darden, one of OJ Simpson's prosecutors in one of the most controversial trials of the 20th century. Brown won an Emmy for that performance. Since then, he became well-known in the popular NBC series. This Is Us, a show that brought many viewers to tears and one him another Emmy. He took off long enough from that job to play a prince in Black Panther.


He's also appeared in comedy, including a memorable Emmy nominated performance in Brooklyn nine nine. He was nominated for an Oscar last year for his role in the Oscar winning film, American Fiction. We started our interview talking about American fiction. It stars Jeffrey Wright as a novelist who is black. He writes about fiction that's pretty obscure, like a novel based on the Greek tragedy, the Persians by ESUs. No one wants to publish his new novel. It seems to him that the only books white publishers want by black authors are books about being poor or in gangs, or addicted to drugs, or being a pregnant teenager. To prove his point, he writes a book conforming to those expectations, using a pen name to disguise his identity.


He's offered a huge advance. The book becomes the best seller, and he gets even more money when the film writes are sold. But the pseudonym leads to unexpected trouble. Sterling K. Brown plays the writer's brother. He's a plastic surgeon who's currently having money problems because his wife has left him and has taken half his practice after discovering he's having a gay relationship. He's just come out as gay and is going a little overboard in reconstructing his identity. The film is a funny satire about race and the publishing industry, while at the same time probing complicated family relationships. Sterling K. Brown, welcome to Fresh Air. So happy to have you on the show.


Terry. Thank you so much for having me. I'm delighted to be here. Here. Did you experience any of the same type of preconceptions about what it means to be authentically black in your personal life or in your acting career? Absolutely. I found it definitely when I got to Hollywood in the early two thousands that the idea of being intelligence was something that I needed to shed. Many casting directors be like, he's got this smart Guy Thing. If he can lose that, then he'll be much more castable. I, I think that similar to what you were saying in your intro with regards to the kinds of stories that folks were willing to put money into, had to deal with black folks overcoming certain adversities and dealing with certain traumas, and I think that that was also linked to a certain socioeconomic wash that they thought was appropriate for how blackness needed to be portrayed in order to be quote unquote authentic.


When you were an economics major and then you interned at the Federal Reserve, did you want to be in business or economics? Yes. I, I think at that point in time in my life, Terry, the most important thing was being able to pour back into my community in a way that was substantial. And the only way that, the primary way that felt most substantial was through financial resources. So my goal was to make money. I felt like my mom sent me to this fancy college prep school, and I got into Stanford University. I felt like the most important thing that I could do to show my appreciation is make sure that I was able to be a contributing member of the family, a contributing member of the community in terms of financial resources.


So I said, what better way to make money than to be an economics major? Learn what money does and how I can make more of it. Right? And what I found through my first year at Stanford and through this internship at the Federal Reserve Bank was that while I was good with numbers, I wasn't really interested or passionate about the inner workings of what it took to make money. Like money in and of itself wasn't a driving force for me that motivated me to continue. I I couldn't see a life just making money if there was, if I wasn't doing something that excited me or ignited me in a more passionate, spiritual, holistic sort of way.


Okay. So you pa you found the passion in acting. Yeah. But this reminds me of a line that you say in American fiction. So you know your brother, the main character in the story, who's the novelist who can't get published. You say to him like, you know me and and your sister, like, we're doctors, we save people. Like, what, what can you do? Revive a sentence? And, and so that reminds me, like, did you worry, like, okay, so I'm not gonna give back to my community through learning about economics and money. What will being an actor give back to my community? Like what, what meaning does that have in the larger world?


Great question. And it's something that I thought about for a while. And so when I told my mom that I was gonna change my major, I knew that she would probably have Some questions for me in terms of why I wanted to do it. But most importantly, I had to let her know that I prayed about it and I said, yes, ma'am. I had, and I felt led. And that gave her permission to give me permission to dive into it without any sort of regrets or second questioning. I wanna talk to you about the, the role that you got your first Emmy for, and that's the role of Christopher Darden in the People versus OJ Simpson, which was the first season of American crime story. Yes.


You won an Emmy in 2016. You were, you know, Darden was one of the prosecutors, one of the two prosecutors, and he was portrayed by OJ Simpson defenders by people who thought OJ was innocent as having the job so that the prosecution could present a black face. Correct. But Darden really, I think, deeply believed in o j's guilt. So I wanna play a clip from the closing argument that you make in the People v OJ Simpson. Okay. So here we go, Ladies and gentlemen. To grasp this crime, you must first understand Mr. Simpson's relationship to his ex-wife, Nicole.


It was a ticking time bomb. The fuse was lit in 1985, the very year they were married, officers responded after Mr. Simpson beat Nicole and took a baseball bat to her Mercedes. Then in 1989, Nicole had to call 9 1 1 again fearing for her life. When officers arrived, Nicole ran towards them yelling, he's going to kill me, he's going to kill me. She had a black eye, a cut forehead, a swollen cheek, and her torn bra. Nicole pleaded with the officers, you've come up here eight times, you never do anything about him, and they want to tell you that the police conspired against Mr.


Simpson. This case is not about the N word, it is about OJ Simpson and the M word murder. Now, I'm not afraid to point to him and say he did it. Why not? The evidence all points to him. In February of 1992, Nicole filed for divorce. She was running away from the man who said he'd kill her. She saw the explosion coming, why else fill a safe deposit box with threatening letters from the defendant, a will and police photos of past beatings.


She knew that the bomb could go off at any second, and then it did. Now I'm gonna skip ahead to the end of your closing argument. He is a murderer and he was also one hell of a great football player, but he's still a murderer. When I saw the series, I thought, oh, you look so much like Christopher Daw. And I was just, you're so good in it. Thank you. You, you were in college at Stanford during the trial. What'd you think of OJ at the time? Did you think he was guilty or innocent? I'm gonna be honest and say like it was, it was a second consideration.


It wasn't the first thing on my mind. And I think that was sort of what a lot of us were experiencing was that we wanted the criminal justice system to work in favor of someone who looked like us because we were accustomed to it working against us. But in terms of like seeing someone beat the system who doesn't typically beat the system, I think that was the driving factor, at least for me, in terms of why I rejoiced in his innocence at the time and the, and the not guilty verdict. Right. And it was such a strange thing to step into Terry, having been so pro OJ and anti Darden as a young person, to have an opportunity to step into that other person's shoes and experience life from their perspective.


And it was me and my friend Sarah Paulson had the best time on that show because she would read Marsha's book, I would read Kris's book, we would read excerpts to one another. We would go over the evidence and, and the evidence is pretty overwhelming. I'll say this, that if, didn't She, she was the main prosecutor and your partner in the trial. Correct. And the way that, that it was set up, even in the room in the courtroom, like we had sort of crappy kind of chairs and the dream team had like these spinning swivel chairs that had like nice arm rests on them and everything. And Sarah and I would look over at them and like, I'm gonna beat these bastards.


You know what I mean? Like, like, like completely convinced that we were gonna sort of like retell the trial and it was gonna come out the way that we wanted it to. Did you see as a young man? Yes. Did you see Christopher Darden as a traitor for prosecuting a black man? Absolutely. Hands down a hundred percent. He was persona non grata as far as I was concerned. Like you're trying to take down one of our heroes. I think, I think that's the way a lot of black folks will relate to people who quote unquote make it celebrity or otherwise, but particularly celebrity. And particularly at that time, we have so few people that are able to, to make it to a level of esteem, notoriety, what have you.


That the idea that the system, the man that you know, America is trying to bring them down and that a black man got attached to being Christopher Darden to the wrong side, it just felt like, why are you allowing them to use you? That was definitely my perspective at age 18 or 19 when it happened. So what changed your mind? Was it stepping into Christopher Darden's role, you know, becoming him for the, for the series? Or is it examining the facts more closely? Yes, that's, yes to both of them.


The, the DNA evidence is overwhelming. My perspective as a human being has shifted in terms of also in terms of playing Christopher Darden, like who was the voice for the people who were murdered? They don't have anyone to speak for them. And so someone has to do it, right. Even getting into Darden's book, in terms of being a prosecutor, he is like, we need to have a black presence in all facets of law enforcement. Whether that is as police, whether that is as prosecutors, as defense attorneys, like a presence in all of those things means that we can work from the inside.


And I, I think that that's sort of an admirable perspective that he has on how law enforcement can work at its best. So let's talk a little bit about this as us and, and this is a series, this was a series, an incredibly popular series about three siblings. And the white mother was pregnant with triplets, but only two children survived. So the father who's also white, decides like he planned on taking home three babies and that is what he's going to do. So, so he adopts a baby born the same day who is left at the door of a firehouse. Now that baby is black. So you are the adult version of that black baby who grew up in the white family.


So you're set apart from the family in two ways. You're the only black person in the family and you're only, you're the only sibling who's not a twin. Yeah. And part of the series set in the present, you're married to a black woman, you have two children and later adopt a third. So I wanna play a scene from the first episode. You've been searching for your biological father and you finally found where he lives. So you go, you drive over there, you bang on his door, and as soon as you, as soon as your biological father opens the door, you make a little speech. So let's start with the banging on the door Up, all that banging. I heard you the first time banging on the door. Who the hell is not? My name is Randall Pearcy, I'm your biological son.


36 years ago, you left me at the front door. But now hold on. Just lemme say this. 36 years ago, you left me at the front door of a fire station. Now don't worry, I'm not here 'cause I don't want anything from you that was raised by two incredible parents. I have a lights out family of my own. And that car you see parked out in front of your house cost $143,000. And I bought it for cash. I bought it for cash because I felt like it. And because I can do stuff like that. Yeah. You see, I turned out pretty all right. Which might surprise a lot of folks considering the fact that 36 years ago, my life started with you leaving me on a fire station doorstep with nothing more than a ratty blanket and a crap filled diaper.


I came here today so I could look you in the eye, say that to you, and then get back in my fancy ass car and finally prove to myself and to you and to my family who loves me, that I didn't need a thing from you. Even after I knew who you were, You wanna come in. Okay. I love how that ends. So the fathers played by Ron SFUs Jones, who died a few months ago, but I, I love how you casually how he casually invites you in after this long negative harangue about him and you just say, okay, It's a Good time. Talk about deciding how to play that and whether you talked about how to play those final notes, whether you talked about it with Ron CFUs Jones.


So that was one of the audition scenes for the show. Did you audition with him for that scene? No, no, no. Auditioned by myself, you know, so in that scene I remember thinking that what, what I understood from reading the pilot of the show and what, what was very sort of surprising in terms of how it landed on people ultimately was that it made me laugh from beginning to end. And, and so I was always sort of focused on like the, the amount of light that the show had. And so when people talk to me about it, they're always talking about the tears that the show caused. But I think both of those things are true.


So I felt like in that scene, like you have to be able to, you can't live too much in one tone, otherwise the show becomes monotonous. So you're able to go in and you, you give this man a, the peace of your mind, but at the same time, all you really want is to be in relationship. And so you see that, that front facing anger towards this man, but really what he wants is to be understood, to understand why he left in the first place and ultimately to be loved. So Ron CEUs Jones, who was in that scene with you, your biological father in the series, he died a few months ago.


And Andre Brower, who you also work with, and we'll talk about him a little bit later. Sure. He died at the end of 2023. And then you also worked on Black Panther and you knew Chadwick Boseman who died of cancer at a young age, shocking everybody 'cause he didn't make it public. I'm wondering if that made you think about your own mortality? Yes. First of all, yes. And I would say even predating all of those beautiful souls transpiring was my own father who passed away at the age of 45. And so I thought about it since then when I was only 10 years old.


And my brother and I will have this conversation. My brother's 14 years older than me, so he's 61 now. And he'll always say that, you know, no black men in our family have lived beyond age 65. And I remember thinking that like, that may be true for them, but it does not have to be true for us. And so I've, I've been very conscientious in terms of health and lifestyle choices that I try to make for myself to be here for as long as possible. I have two beautiful boys, Andrew 12, Amari eight, and I wanna be here to experience and enjoy them as much as possible and beyond them, I'm looking forward to if, if they indeed have children to being able to enjoy and experience those young people as well.


So, you know, some things are out of our control, Terry, but the things that are within our control in terms of diet and exercise, in terms of water consumption or whatever else there is out there, I try to make myself as informed as possible so I can be around in the healthiest version of myself for as long as I possibly can. Well, speaking of exercise, yes. You go around shirtless a lot af after you I don't go around shirt in a lot. Wait, wait, wait. Your character does in American fiction. He does after he comes out. And so we could see your chest and it is very ripped. So you, you've been in the gym a lot, so I know you're sure you're doing your part in terms of, in terms of exercise.


I appreciate that. So let me reintroduce you here. If you're just joining us, my guest is Sterling K Brown. We're gonna take a short break and then we'll be right back. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Apple Card. If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high-yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app, subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility Apple card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch member FDIC, terms and more@applecard.com.


This message comes from Capella University. Learning doesn't have to get in the way of life. With Capella's game changing FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your own schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to earn your degree. Instead, enjoy learning your way and pursue your educational and career goals without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from Sony Pictures classics presenting the room next door, the first English language feature film by Pedro Almodovar starring Julianne Moore and Tilda Swinton. After years of being out of touch, two friends meet again in an extreme but strangely sweet situation. Winner of the Golden Lion for best film at the Venice Film Festival. The room next door is now playing in select cities, coming soon to theaters nationwide.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. As part of our holiday week series of interviews we particularly enjoyed from 2024, we're listening to my interview with Sterling K Brown. He co-starred in the movie American Fiction. He won an Emmy for his portrayal of prosecutor Christopher Darden in the miniseries, the People v OJ Simpson, and had a small but important role as a prince in Black Panther. He was one of the stars of the popular TV series. This Is Us where he portrayed Randall Pearson, the adopted black son in a white family. He won an Emmy for that role too, and was nominated for another, for his guest appearance in the Comedy series, Brooklyn Nine nine. When we left off, we were talking about how his life was changed by his father's early death, you know, so you're talking about like losing your father when, when you were 10 and he was in his forties.


You know, one of the focal points of this is us is the loss of the father. So much of the stories flash him back to the impact of the father and the father's death on the three siblings lives. Yeah. So I'm wondering like in the day-to-day world of your lifetime, how much of it has spent been spent thinking about the loss of your father and how much of his loss, this is a lot to ask in one question. I a it's all good. Go for it. But, but how much of that loss affected your sense of who you were, of your own confidence, your self-esteem, your identity? You could probably talk for hours about that. So I, I apologize for packing that into one interview question. On a radio, A Kuna matata, I will try to synthesize and, and make it as concise as possible.


My dad is One of the most beautiful people that I had an opportunity to know in my life. And it was a short time, but it was full and meaningful. I was my dad's only son, I have other siblings, but I'm my dad's only son. And my mom would often come up to my dad, whose name is Sterling Brown Jr. And say like, Sterling, you gonna spoil that boy. But I tell you what, the love that he poured into me is still with me. There are specific moments of, of interactions that we have.


I would sit and watch boxing matches and, and football matches with my dad. Like those were his two favorite sports. So they're probably kind of my two favorite sports as well. We would wash his car outside where he'd play his Michael McDonald eight track in the pink El Dorado Cadillac as we washed it. And we'd listen to like, I keep forgetting how you made it so, you know, whatever. It was like I, we have moments of bliss that are so ingrained into my soul. And while you don't remember all of the specifics, you remember that like, that man loved me as much as any human being could love another human being.


So your father was Sterling Brown Jr. Yes. But you went by your middle name Kelby until you were 16. Correct. Why did you go by that name? Why did you change it back to Sterling Brown and, and keep the k as the middle initial? So my mom tells a famous story. She said, when I was in kindergarten and I had to spell out my name for the teacher, I came back home and I said, mom, I think I'm gonna go by Kelby. And she, I said, because Kelby is five letters and Sterling is eight, and it's just way faster for me to get through. I, I told her, I said, when I'm 16 though, you can call me Sterling again. Now, I didn't remember this. My dad passed away when I was 10, almost 11.


And it had been about five years that I hadn't heard his name in my life on a regular basis. And honestly, Terry, it was just like I wanted to hear his name, I wanted to hear the name of Sterling. So I said, Hey guys, could you call me Sterling now? Because I just wanted to maybe I felt like I, and I think I really grieved my father about five years after his passing away. I think for the first five years I felt like I had to be the man of the house. I had to keep it together for my mom. I also believed that my father and still believed that my father ascended to heaven so that he was in a better place.


But that still didn't allow me the space to like really just be like, I miss you, I miss this man. And so I think it took about five years for me to fully let that out. And then after I let that out, I was like, okay, I'm ready to hear his name again. So I wanna mention another parallel between your life and your character. Randall's life, and this is us, Randall decides since he was adopted, he's gonna kind of pay it back and adopt a girl. And the person who he adopts is in her teens and her mother is addicted to drugs and that's why she needs a home.


And you know, your mother adopted two children when you were in college. Were they teenagers too? And what, why did your mother decide to adopt two children at that stage in her life? Good question. They were not teenagers. They were babies. Oh, okay. And, and so my Aunt Vera, who I adore, she's always the, my mom's little sister was the collector of, of things in, in her family's life, like pets and stuff. And you'd be like, she got a new cat, she got a new dog. But my Aunt Vera was also dealing with substance abuse issues at that particular time in her life. So she would buy, get a dog, go to the Humane Society, get a dog, get a cat, or whatever.


And then she would be gone for a while. So then that dog or cat became somebody else's. My aunt was also fostering my little brother, Robert, who is now 25 or 26 years old, just had a birthday and she was fostering and then she went missing for a period of two weeks. She had dropped the, my little brother off at my mom's house. And my mom called the social worker after a day and said, listen, I want you to know this little boy is here with me. Social worker came to the house and said, are you okay to keep him? And my mom said, yes, absolutely. So then my mom became the foster parent for my little brother Robert. Then the birth mother for Robert, who was dealing with substance issues herself was pregnant with twins.


My little sister Ariel and my little sister Avery and the social worker said, would you be willing to take on these twins as well? And my mom said, yes. Now I don't mention my little sister Avery that much because early on in her life, she passed away from Sids. And it was very difficult for my mom. She's like, why would God bring these children into my life to have one of them pass away? And for a minute was wondering whether or not she would wind up keeping them. But after a moment of just saying like, my life is more full and rich with them in it than without them, she decided to continue fostering.


And then another two years later wound up going through the formal adoption process. And so my brother Robert and my little sister Ariel have been with us for 25 and 23 years now. And my little sister Avery, similar to Kyle is the young man's name. And this is us. The third of the triplets that didn't make it is went on to sing with the angels. That's quite a story. Yeah, it's, I have quite a mom. I have to say that too. She's, she's an extraordinary human being. There's so much that you must have related to, and this is us. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Your mother must have been very, but she still alive. My mother is still alive. And, and, and here's an interesting one. I, I don't talk about it that often, but I'm talking about it more now because I think that the universe is calling me into some sort of action and I'm still figuring out what that is. My, my mom was diagnosed with a LS in April. Sorry to hear that. April of two. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. Diagnosed in April of 2018. She lost the ability to speak in October of 2018. And I think has far exceeded the expectations of most doctors in terms of lifespan because she's still with us and about to go into 2024.


But the joy that my mom is able to hold onto in the midst of this incredibly debilitating disease, the smile that she still has for the people who walk into her sphere is radiant. And it shows you, shows me that first of all, I don't have to allow circumstances to dictate how I am in the world. That I still have choice. I may not have choice over what my, what the circumstances are, but how I respond to them. And my mom has been a shining example of how to maintain radiance in the midst of a very difficult situation.


My guest is Sterling K Brown. He co-starred on the film American Fiction and the NBC series. This is us and was in the movie Black Panther. We'll hear more of the interview after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Intuit need a software solution to simplify the complexities of your growing business. Transform how you manage with Intuit Enterprise Suites powerful automation and core suite of tools for financial management, payment processing, payroll, hr, bill, pay, marketing, and third party integrations. It's how a growing business keeps growing. Visit intuit.com/enterprise to learn more money movement services by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed by N-Y-D-F-S


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Boland branch, change your sleep with Boland branch's, airy blankets, cloud-like duvets and breathable sheets. Feel the difference with 15% off your first order@bolandbranch.com with code NPR exclusions apply. See site for details.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to my interview with Sterling K. Brown. He was nominated for an Oscar for his performance in the 2023 movie, American Fiction. He won Emmys for his performances in the popular TV series. This is Us and the miniseries, the People v OJ Simpson and was nominated for another for his guest appearance on Brooklyn nine nine. In the film Black Panther. He played a Prince. Well, since we've been talking about this is Us and how it relates to your own life, I wanna play your Emmy acceptance speech for this Is Us. And this was in 2017 and in this excerpt of your acceptance speech, you're holding your Emmy and that's what you're referring to when you say this one right here.


So here's the excerpt of that speech, This one right here, like this one right here. When I think about it like Walter White held this joint, Dick Whitman held this joint. I may have lost some of y'all, but you know, Google it. And 19 years ago, detective Frank Pembleton held this joint as impeccably played by Andre Brow. I just wanna say Mr. Brower, whether it is at Stanford University or on this Emmy stage, it is my supreme honor to follow in your footsteps.


I want to thank Bob Greenblatt, Jennifer Salki to NCC for your support from the beginning. I want to thank Dana Walden, Gary Newman, and everyone at 20th Century Fox for keeping your brother gainfully employed. Appreciate that. I wanna thank my cast, Milo, Mandy, Justin, Chrissy, you are the best white TV family that a brother has ever had. Better than Mr. Drummond. Better than them white folks that raised Webster. I love you Susan Kelechi Watson. It is my pleasure to rep black love with you sister. Let's keep doing it like Martin and Gina, Ron CEUs Jones.


You just have to show up and the work is already there, brother, thank you so much for embodying the presence, which is never an absence. I love you, our writers. You are our life's blood. You can play, you can play, you can play. I didn't get that loud. Nobody got that. Loud Writers. I love you. You are life's blood, our producers and directors. I Love you. You were so funny in that, especially when you were being played off. What went through your mind when the orchestra started playing and to tell you that your time was up, get off the stage. Oh my goodness. That is, I, the fact that you played that through to the end was priceless because I was like, I did, I was thinking in my mind, I was like, this is when I got cut off, isn't it?


Yes. I remember thinking that I saw earlier in that show, Nicole Kidman had won best actress in a limited series. And I remember thinking, I was like, okay. I was listening to her speech and I was like, oh man, this speech has taken a little bit longer than the average speech is, but they're giving her a little bit of latitude. So I was like, okay, that's cool. And I was sort of like clocking it on my, on my, on my watch. I was like, okay, my speech isn't that long, so I should be okay. And before I came, what I thought was close to that length, I was like, oh my goodness, they're not gonna play me off. Like it's really, it's not gonna happen. I was like, lemme just keep talking and I would get a chance to finish what I need to say.


And I was sort of surprised because like the, the microphone, they literally pulled it into the ground as if to say like, bro, No, are you kidding? Like, it physically moved. Oh, It physically like it, it came, it was it, you know, like it had a hole in the ground that it started to retract back into. Oh, That's so, so funny. I just figured maybe they would like mute it or something, but they physically lowered It. No, they physically lowered and it was like, it's time for you to go, sir. And I was, I, I was a little in my feelings, I'll be perfectly honest, Terry. But I was like, okay, I, I still won and I still got a chance to share with a lot of the folk, the people, what it is that I want to share.


You always in, in these situations, you always wanna thank your wife. So I was like, oh man, my wife is gonna be so mad that I didn't thank her, but I know she knows that I love her and that if I had more time, I would've got there. So yeah, I was sort of a state of shock more than anything else. They're like, they're really gonna play me off. Well, you protested, you said you didn't play music this loud for anyone else. I, you know, that's what I was thinking to myself. So that was all spontaneous. You hadn't rehearsed like say I'm played off. Here's what I think I'll say. No, no. Completely spontaneous. No, That's great. But thank you. I i those, those speeches when you're, when you're blessed in it and have an opportunity to win something where you want to be able to say something that sticks to people's ribs.


And I felt like it was a bit of history in terms of this. I was the first black man to win that particular award, best lead actor in a dramatic series in over 19 years. And the fact that it came after Andre Brower meant all that much more to me because he's been somebody who I've been looking up to the entirety of my career since I started acting at Stanford University. And people said, you know, Andre Brower went here and I did some research and saw the wonderful things that he did in terms of Shakespeare in the park, all of his state stuff. And that glory had just come out. And so you got a chance to see him do his thing and that and homicide life on the street was happening.


And by the time I got to NYUA TV show called Gideon's Crossing was on a, b, c and he was the main character in that. And so everywhere I went, I would see this man doing this incredible work with this incredible integrity, the way that he carried himself through the work. Not just the work itself, but just his presence meant something. I was like, if I can represent the way that that man has represented, you'll be doing something. All right. While you were shooting, this Is Us, you got away long enough to shoot a couple of scenes in Black Panther. First of all, what did Black Panther comics mean to you when you were growing up? I didn't read the comic growing up, but I did, when I graduated from NYU, Reginald Hudlin had done a new series of the Black Panther comic and it was entitled, who is the Black Panther?


And it was a series about five graphic novels that I consumed and loved because I didn't know about tchalla until I was 25 years old. And then as I was working on a TV show with a friend of mine called Army Wives, he asked me, he said, he goes, are you into any comics? And I said, you know what? Not hugely, but I am into this Black Panther comic. And I showed him my collection and he goes, dude, he goes, you should try to get the rights to this so you can make the movie. And I told my buddy Drew, I said, dude, they're never gonna make a black superhero movie. Get outta here.


And then fast forward, I was like, I should have got the rights. So how'd you know what was happening? And since you couldn't get away for long because you were shooting this as us, how did you manage to get a role in it? So I, I auditioned for it and I, I felt like I did, you know, a good job. And I had a meeting with Ryan Coogler, the director of Black Panther, and he goes, listen, you're not quite right for this one role, who is of the tribe that is sort of outside of Wakanda because he gets to be a big guy. But there's a role that we have that I think requires a really good actor.


And it's not a lot of scene time, but it's important. It sort of like sets the narrative into, into, into place. And I said, I said, bruh, how can I be down? Because I knew it was going to be a cultural moment because it was something that I could not have conceived of 15 years earlier when I was reading the comic books that was now actually coming to life. And it was not just coming to life, it was coming to life with the most zeitgeisty movie studio in Hollywood. Like the Marvel cinematic universe was unstoppable at that particular time. And the fact that they were going to put their eggs in into the basket up telling the story of the Black Panther was enormous.


So for me, it wasn't a matter of like, oh, I can't get the part that I wanted, da da da. I was like, this is going to be huge. Whatever it is that I can do to be a part of it, I'm happy. And it turned out to be a great role where all of my friends, of course would be like, oh man, I can't believe they killed you so fast. Spoiler alert, I die in the thing. I can't believe they killed, but it, I have to get back to my day job as well. So the fact that I was able to moonlight in something that did wind up making history is something that I get a chance to, to, to celebrate until the day that I pass away. I'm, I'm so honored that I got a chance to be in that film.


My guest is Sterling K Brown. He was nominated for an Oscar for his performance in the 2023 movie American Fiction and was one of the stars of the NBC series. This is us. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air.


Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air up. First. NPR News now. Planet Money, TED Radio Hour through line, the NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcast you can enjoy, sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org.


Donald Trump promised to change Washington DC a place where there's an old saying that personnel is policy. That's why we have created a new podcast called Trump's Terms, where you can follow NPRs coverage of the incoming Trump administration from his cabinet secretaries to political advisors and top military leaders to understand who they are, what they believe, and how they'll govern. Listen to Trump's terms from NPR.


This is Fresh Air. Let's get back to the interview I recorded one year ago with Sterling K. Brown. He's known for his performances in the film's, American fiction and Black Panther in the TV series, this Is Us and the mini series that people versus OJ Simpson. I wanna play another clip. And you talked about Andre Brower Yes. And how your lives intersected and how you looked up with him. You got a chance to do an episode of the Comedy series Brooklyn Nine Nine with him. And in the, in the series he plays a police captain and Andy Sandberg plays a police detective. And of course, Andre Brower was famous for being a police detective in homicide life on the street.


A terrific series that really showed off his acting quite well. So this is basically a parody. This episode of Brooklyn Nine nine is a parody of a famous episode from homicide Yeah. In which Brower and one of the other detectives are interrogating one witness for the entire episode for the entire hour long episode. And that's what happens in the episode of Brooklyn nine nine, that Brower and Sandberg are interrogating you, you play a dentist who is accused of murdering his partner, his dental partner. Yeah. And they wanna get a confession out of you and you keep coming up with answers. So let's play a clip from that episode.


Okay. So the night of the murder, you met with Robert in the surgical suite. Why there? Why not your office? I was just preparing for the next day surgeries. Don't you have an assistant who does that? I'm a meticulous person. I'm careful how I do things. So careful that you, I'm sorry, I forgot what I was gonna say. Come back to me. Now, we did a sweep of the room where you and Robert fought talk. Right. Talked the entire room had been scrubbed, it had been cleaned, it had undergone industrial sterilization to remove all traces of blood and DNA, it's a surgical suite. People bleeding there every day. We have to sanitize it by law. Ooh, I remember what I was gonna ask. Did you kill him? No. Ah, You had said yes. I would've Had you.


So after you and Robert fought talked, you left the office, but you didn't take your car. I went to a bar scotch and I didn't want to drive drunk, so I took a cab and you didn't have your phone. I left a charging in my office and I didn't realize till I was already out of the building. Oh man, if I go 10 minutes without looking at my phone, my pumpkin crop dies on my little farm. This is not the time for stories about your digital squash. Peralta. Fine. Talking about your phone. Why does it matter that I forgot it If I had it on me? You could have seen a pinging off the cell tower. Doesn't matter. Didn't have it on me. So you took a cab to this bar or we talked to the employees of the scotchman. Nobody saw you there. Nobody remembers seeing me. But let me ask you this, did you kill him?


Nah, You know, it's not surprising. Nobody remembers seeing me. The bar was extremely crowded that night and I spent my whole time in the corner talking to this woman, Dana. Oh, so you said, but when we ran all the credit card receipts, nobody named Dana bought any drinks that night. Hey, trust me, Dana wasn't buying her own drinks. That is such a great scene and your timing is so good. I really wanna see you in more comedy. Thank you very much. It made me smile, just listening to it. It was so much fun to do. Can you, can, can you talk about like doing that scene and re like getting the timing right and getting the the kind of nonchalance that your character is aiming for? Yeah.


It, it is just dogged repetition and, and you show up. You one, one thing you learn in the world of television is that you don't get a lot of rehearsals. So you do a lot of that work on your own by yourself so that when you come to the set, you're ready to dance and you know that Andy and Andre are gonna be ready to go. So you're like, all right, let me not be the weak link in this threesome here. Let me show up, ready to play ball the same way as everybody else. And they make it so much fun that it sort of just happens naturally. You'll go over the scene a couple of times before the cameras start rolling, and then you'll start to do it or whatnot. And there's a little bit of a hiccup. It's just like anything else. You'll take it back to the beginning and you'll do it again and you just breathe.


Terry, I I think for me more than anything else is that when you try to stay in the moment, the next moment has a way of taking care of itself. When you're trying to project to the future and be like, oh, I hope I make it to this crescendo at the very, very end, then you sort of like wind up missing what's happening. Just right now, take it moment to moment in life, on stage, on screen is usually the best recipe to get to the end of anything. That's what I try to do as as a performer. And I think those two gentlemen in particular are wonderful at it. And so they made it easy for me to join in the symphony. Thank you so much for coming to our show. It's really been great to talk with you, Terry.


The pleasure has been all mine. Thank you for having me and I look forward to doing it again. Me too. My interview with Sterling K. Brown was recorded in January, 2024. He stars in an upcoming Hulu series called Paradise, playing a security guard for the President tomorrow on Fresh Air. We'll conclude our holiday week series with Music Star and actress Selena Gomez, one of the stars of the popular series only murders in the building. And Alex Van Halen, who wrote a memoir about his relationship with his younger brother Eddie and their band Van Halen. Eddie died of cancer in 2020. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews.


Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer today is Adam Chesky. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers Aldona, Sam Brier, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth Thea, Susan Kudi, and Anna Balman. Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Teri Gross.


All of us at Fresh Air wish you a very happy, healthy, and fulfilling 2025.