
Support for this NPR podcast and the following message come from Carvana, the convenient way to buy a car online. Carvana has finance options so you can customize your terms down to the penny or explore a different down and monthly payment options. Get pre-qualified for an auto loan in under two minutes@carvana.com.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley and My guest today is standup comedian and late night talk show host Taylor Tomlinson. She hosts CBS's After Midnight, which builds itself as the smartest show on TV about the dumbest things on the internet. Welcome, I'm your host Taylor Tomlinson and this is my show after midnight and this is my outfit today. Do you like it? Yeah, Thank you. But no offense, there's only one opinion that matters. The only one I care about is this random guy on Reddit who's been ranking my outfits. Yep, this is real. He uses a scale from Elite to na, which I think is the metric system.


I'm not sure I'd make fun of this, but this person clearly has watched every episode of the show. So I think I might be in love. Like in fact, this is the only ranking I care about. Some late night hosts worry about ratings and ad sales, not me. I wake up in a cold sweat like is Reddit user 21 puppets? Gonna think my blazer is mid. Seems a little to do to the only Woman in late night. That was my guest, Taylor Tomlinson performing the opening monologue on CBS's After Midnight, which took the time slot vacated last year by the Late Late Show with James Corden.


When Tomlinson took that slot, headlines described her as the youngest female late night host on network television. Taylor got the standup bug when she was 16, performing at open mics in church basements and schools and coffee shops in Orange County, California where she grew up. Her humor is self-deprecating and rapid fire and almost nothing seems to be off the table. Her topics range from the perils of dating on apps to finding out she has bipolar disorder. Taylor has three standup specials on Netflix, quarter life crisis. Look at you and this year's special Have it all. She'll soon be traveling the country performing standup with her Save Me Tour.


Taylor Tomlinson, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank You so much for having me. So you've been doing your show on CBS four a few months now, and I heard that Stephen Colbert gave you advice when you first started hosting. What did he say? Oh gosh. I mean, Stephen is the executive producer on our show, so he's given me so much great advice. But some of the most helpful advice he gave me was sort of just to not expect myself to be perfect, perfect right away. I think that really helped me set my expectations for myself and say, you're not gonna be amazing right away and you don't need to be as flawless as you think you need to be.


Like he's like, people are just gonna be happy to see you and happy to hang out with you. You know, like that's what I love about our show and late night shows in general. I think they're a real comfort watch for people. They're consistent. There's something that people watch either every night as they're going to sleep or like in the morning while they're getting ready or on their lunch break and I love that our show gets to be something like that. I love being a part of something like that, A daily point of comfort for people. Well it definitely feels like you're gaining your stride, you're settling in the seat even though there is no seat, you're standing up the whole time. Yes, exactly. And people describe this show as kind of like the jeopardy of dumb internet culture.


How do you describe it? Oh, I think that's a good description. I mean it has a lot of elements of so many of my favorite shows growing up. Like I think there's a combination of like, whose line is it anyway? America's Funniest Home Videos. Yeah. And all the late night shows. I think it's sort of settled into that where like there is a monologue now. There is a talk show portion that started as us kind of making fun of it and now has sort of evolved into almost like an actual talk show. So, and you know, you watch most late night shows now and they are playing games. They're just doing it with like one guest. So what I thought was like setting us apart is actually something everyone's doing now every night.


So I, I think the late night space is changing and evolving across the board and I think the internet has a lot to do with that. And so our show focusing on the internet specifically and the dumb trends and the the funny little videos that go viral as opposed to like hard hitting news is maybe what sets us apart a bit. You are being described as one of the voices of a generation and that's because you're able to articulate the fear and anxiety of being a young adult right now. You can have us laugh to keep from crying really, but I, I just wonder like how does that translate to the confidence we see on stage?


I think one of your best friends has said in an, in an old article that they watched you turn into someone else on stage. So is this person on stage we see, is it like a persona like Beyonce and Sasha Fierce? Is that what you do to kind of get yourself, 'cause you're kind of facing your worst fear every single night? That's true. I don't think it's a persona. I don't think it's a character. I think it's just the best version of me. You know, I think it's the sharpest, quickest, wittiest most confident version of myself. I just can't keep that up very long, is maybe what it is.


But I think when I started doing standup in high school, it felt like more of a persona, but it felt, it felt like the version of myself that I knew I could be and wanted to become, but wasn't yet. and I think over the years who I am off stage and who I am on stage have come together where I, I do feel that I am the same person everywhere. Maybe the energy levels are different, but I do feel that if you meet me on the street or after a show, you're not gonna feel like, well that wasn't who we know from. Yeah. Like Her standup. Yeah. Yeah. I, I would hope so.


I mean, yeah, I have had friends say like, oh, I thought you'd be, you know, more outgoing or something. And I'm like, no, I'm really, I'm still not. I'm still not comfortable socially I think, but I wish I was, I wish I had that. But you gotta accept who you are. Yeah. It's one of the things that you talk about in your standup. You joke about the anxiety, you feel, you joke about your mental health challenges in a way that normalizes it. I, I actually wanna play a clip from your 2022 Netflix comedy special look at you. And in this clip I'm gonna play you talk about how you came to be diagnosed with bipolar disorder.


I'm so glad I know that I'm bipolar now. I mean I have the right meds, I got a mood ring, I'm handling it. But when I first found out it was a very tough pill to swallow and I've swallowed a lot of pills because when you first find out something like that, you're like, oh man, am I going to tell anybody? Should I tell anybody? And if I do tell people, am I hot and or talented enough to be an inspiration? Like if I have a thing and someone else has that thing and they find out I have it too, are they gonna feel good or bad with that information?


Because when I got diagnosed they started listing names. They were like, you know, who else is bipolar? Selena Gomez. and I was like, that does make me feel better. She is very pretty. Okay, I'll be bipolar. That was my guest Taylor Tomlinson and her 2022 Netflix comedy special. Look at you Taylor. First of all, that's just funny. I was like, okay, she's pretty okay. Also, there's this thing you say right before that where you actually talk about the process of finding out that you were bipolar and one of the things was just through a cocktail of medications over ATI over time and I thought that was really fascinating that that's one of the ways that you can be diagnosed.


How long did it take for you to find out and find out that right combination? Oh gosh. I mean I think I tried so many antidepressants and they weren't working for me. and I was having terrible side effects. So it was like years of that. It was years of like, okay, I'll try something. And then it wouldn't go well and I'd go, well forget that I'm just gonna eat a lot of spinach and exercise and I'll be fine and I can stay afloat as long as my partner doesn't leave me and nothing goes wrong. You know, like it was, it was certainly a years long process trying to find what worked for me. And then when I finally did find what worked for me, I sort of worked backwards from that and was like, oh this makes sense.


Is it maybe this? And look, there are so many mental health illnesses that have similar symptoms. I think there's probably more labels that could have been put on my particular set of struggles. But as long as you find the right tools, the right medication, the right routine for you to feel better and feel stronger and get to a place where you can count on yourself, I, I don't think it really matters. and I had so much shame around that diagnosis when I first got it and I was embarrassed that I felt ashamed because I've never judged anybody else who had it.


But when it's you, it's like somehow different. Which is why I started writing jokes about it. How did you push yourself to say, I'm gonna joke about it because you take so many parts of yourself and bring them on stage. How did you decide that? Like hey, I'm just gonna let this out. I remember my therapist said to me, maybe we don't talk about this on stage. and I was like, I've already done it. Like, Wait, by the time you told your therapist you had already started talking about it. I think she knew before, but later on she had said, well maybe that's why we don't talk about it on stage yet. and I was like, well I didn't try something last week and it worked so I'm probably gonna start talking about it.


'cause once you write one joke and it hits and you really like the joke, you're like, well it's gotta go in the act. And I'm so glad that I did because I got such amazing feedback from people who had been struggling with their mental health as well. Not even just from like a bipolar two diagnosis, like I got like from a variety of things and how it made them feel seen and less alone. And that was so rewarding and amazing and comforting for me. But when I filmed the special, I felt great about those jokes. And then in the months waiting for it to come out, I started panicking and was like, oh no, I can't unshare any of this.


And over the years I've gotten better about editing myself and deciding what is gonna go in the act and what I'm just gonna keep private. But it's a lot of trial and error. You know, like sometimes you don't know that you want to keep something private until you try it out on stage. And so you tell thousands of people and then go, well I'm gonna keep that private. Is it the reaction that like brings that awareness or how it feels? A combination of both? Maybe. For me, I think it's how it feels. Because if something bombs, you're like, well I just need to rework that. Like I, I can write a joke about anything at this point.


If it doesn't go well, I just need to rework it or find a different way into it. But the guiding light for me has been even if something kills on stage, do I feel good telling it every night or do I dread that bit coming up? Like I have done jokes about very personal things that I took out of the act because I was dreading getting to that part of the hour every night. and I was like, Ooh, that's probably a sign that I am not ready to talk about this yet. Or I shouldn't be talking about this yet. I also run jokes by family members and friends before I do them because a joke is not worth destroying a relationship in my opinion.


You know what, the thing about you in this moment is that we are watching you grow on stage. You mentioned you recently turned 30, you started doing standup at 16. You really became popular a few years ago. And with that though, I mean there's so much growth and development that happens from 16 to 30 and there'll be so much more that happens from 30 on. I've actually heard some artists say that sometimes the edge in their work comes from the sadness or the depression or the anxiety. You're working out these things on the stage. You're also doing a lot of work, you know, in your life going to a therapist, your medication.


Has your comedy changed with your diagnosis for instance, or the different things that you're doing therapeutically to, to basically heal yourself? I think finding the right combination of medication talk therapy that has made me a more confident, steady person and I was always somebody who was driven by my emotions. I felt like I was getting dragged around by my own feelings all the time and it was exhausting and painful. And when I finally got on the right medication, I, I am on a mood stabilizer now.


It was like not right away obviously, because it, you have to sort of find the right dosage slowly. But I've just, I've had this moment many times in the last few years where I have sort of a flashback to where I was emotionally in my early twenties and think about how I feel now and how I'm able to count on myself and plan for things and not be worried that I'm gonna fall apart. And it's just, it's, it's incredible. I mean, I'm still so grateful for it. I really do feel like a different person. and I mean, part of that is just growing up too. I mean, I think there's a little more awareness around taking care of myself and making sure I don't burn out and don't fall apart emotionally and physically.


Did you have to fall apart in order for that to become an awareness? Have you had that yet or were you able to? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think so. I mean, I think the lowest I have ever been was the few months leading up to quarter life crisis. My first Netflix special, I think the summer before that, I filmed it in November and the summer before that was probably rock bottom for me. It's when I started seeing a psychiatrist. 'cause I just didn't know what else to do. And it's actually hard for me to watch it, just not knowing, just not, I wasn't on any sort of medication 'cause I had tried in the past and it didn't work.


So I just gave up. and I had a relationship end and was under an immense amount of pressure and, and felt like I wasn't sure if I could live up to the opportunity that was getting an hour long Netflix special and I just, it was just a lot. It was, I was just not in a good place mentally. And it was a huge, huge struggle. And even watching clips of Quarter Life crisis now I see somebody who was sort of manic and I know how much pain I was in at the time.


and I know that I had a panic attack that morning. And it makes me a little sad, but I also think the special's really good. So it's, it's interesting because I, I do think that some of like the hypomania that I experienced in my twenties helped me get to this place in my career where it, you know, it just feels like rocket fuel when, when you're in that space. But also when you hit those depressive episodes, you take, you know, it's like two steps forward, one step back type of thing. So I think it all evens out. But yeah, I, I really, I do think I needed to hit rock bottom to commit to getting help and really figuring it out.


Your mom died when you were eight and there's just this joke in one of your specials where you say to the crowd, do you think I'd be this successful at my age if I had a mom who was alive? Do you really believe that? Oh yeah. That was something I said in therapy. I was having a heart therapy session and I sort of in the middle of venting in tears. I was just like, but you know, I probably wouldn't be successful if my mom were alive, so maybe it all is fine. Right? And it was not funny in therapy, but it was funny on stage. 'cause I, I do kind of feel like that even now.


I mean, I'm not saying that everybody in comedy or or any creative person has to come from this dark place. And, and the only way you're funny is if you have a darkness about you. Like, I don't, I don't think that's true. But for me, that changed who I was and who I was gonna become. And it changed my sense of humor and it made me try really hard to prove myself in a way that I don't think I would have if she were still alive. Because after you lose a parent, you're still trying to impress them and you're still trying to be somebody that they would've liked and respected and loved and been proud of.


And you're hoping other people who knew them tell you that. So I, I do think that a lot of me trying to become somebody of note creatively was due to that. I mean, there's a lot of things, there's a lot of factors of course, but I, I think that was certainly a huge, huge one. Our guest today is Taylor Tomlinson comedian and late night host of After midnight on CBS and Paramount Plus we'll be right back after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor NetSuite. The less your business spends, the more margin you keep. But today, everything costs more. Head to NetSuite dot com slash story to learn how smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle.


If you think the economy makes no sense right now, You are probably right because even economists can't explain it lately. But Our podcast, the indicator from Planet Money, We're a little dose of clarity on the biggest economic questions of the day And about the forces that affect your life In 10 minutes or less every weekday. The indicator from Planet Money from NPR.


If you are hearing this, that means you haven't gone sponsor free with NPR. Plus, join us on the plus side for awesome podcast perks across more than 20 NPR podcasts, including bonus episodes behind the scenes content sponsor free listening and more. Learn more and sign up@plus.npr.org and never hear this promo again.


On this week's episode of Wild Card actor Jeff Goldblum sings his way through our conversation. 1, 2, 3. One is the loneliest number two. Oh, just the two of us. We can make it three. Oh we three. We are not alone. I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPRs Wild card podcast. the game where? Cards Control the Conversation.


How did you discover standup? I took a class in high school when I was 16. I took a class from a Christian comedian at a church. I think we worked off of Judy Carter's book. I think it's called like the standup comedy book or the standup comedy Bible. And it was really just like lists of things that made you angry lists of things that made you excited, lists of things that made you sad and I think it was just to get you thinking about what you had strong feelings about because that's gonna be the easiest and most interesting thing for you to write about. So I definitely think I still do that. I think when I'm actively sitting down to write new material, I do make lists of just topics I could see myself discussing in front of audiences for the next two years.


'cause I know I'm gonna have to sit with it for a while. Some of your first gigs were the church circuit. What kinds of things would you joke about on the church circuit and what is exactly the church circuit? Look, churches put on events. Churches put on comedy shows. The only difference is they do an altar call at the end, but it's a standup show. It's someone doing 45 minutes to an hour of standup with an opener. And some of these churches are like theaters. They're a thousand people to 5,000 people like. But yeah, most people are like, you were performing in churches. Is that even a thing? and I just fell into it because I was, you know, a church kid.


Like that's how I got into it. It's, it's not a cool story, but I think a lot of my jokes were about how young I was because I felt guilty making adults sit through a child talking for that long and watching a child try to get good at something. Like I wanted to make them feel comfortable and call it out right away. I can imagine they're a pretty supportive audience though. They were. Yeah. Church audiences are very supportive as long as you don't say anything dark, edgy, or blue. So you were talking, you were joking about being young. Do you remember some of your first jokes?


I know I used to open with a joke about how, I know I'm a lot younger than many of you. Like when I watched Titanic, I was crying. Not because Jack died, but because Leonard DiCaprio didn't look like that anymore. It's like, that was my opening joke for a long time. Did you have comics that you were looking up to or that you'd watch and you'd think like, they're so good or That joke is so good. Any folks you idolized? Oh yeah, I mean there were so many that I idolized and thought were so good. I mean, Brian Regan was like huge in my house 'cause he was clean and one of the greatest of all time. and I got to open for him a couple times in my early twenties and he's like just as classy and cool and hilarious and kind off stage.


So that was like very formative for me, I think as far as being able to see somebody with the career I wanted and how nice he was to other people and like, you know, mark Marin having a podcast where he just talked to other comedians about how they became comedians was huge. I mean obviously now it's grown and evolved where it's not just comedians, it's all kinds of people, directors, actors, politicians, whoever. But at the time he was just talking to comedians about how they did it. and I don't know how I would've learned how to come up in the clubs or do open mics or how to feature anything like that without that podcast. I really, really down.


Wow. You'd just listen to the podcast? Yeah, I couldn't, I remember when I found out, I couldn't believe it was free. Like I couldn't believe podcasts were free. When I, when I found out what a podcast was, 'cause it was just this, it was like a, a course, it was like a course on how to become a comedian and I'm like, how did people outside of major cities figure this out before something like this? I wanna talk a little bit about your family. So many folks who, who knew your mom have basically taught you about her because she died when you were eight. I'm really moved by you saying you're hoping that those who knew her actually see her in you and are proud of you too.


As you get older. Do you see yourself in her? I don't know. I think you're right that a I do rely on other people's accounts of her because there's only so much you remember when you lose somebody at eight years old. So when people do give me those compliments, it means a lot to me. Like my, my aunt has said to me like, oh, your expressions on stage will remind me of her. Like she and my my grandma will say like, oh, we saw you make this face, and we're like, Oh, my gosh, that looks like, that looks like Angela. And that means so much to me. And growing up, like I wanted to be a writer before I wanted to be a comedian and they would say, your mom was such a great writer.


And there's so many ways I'm not like her. Like she was an extrovert. She was very bubbly, she was very charismatic, she was gorgeous. Like she was so many things that I wasn't and am not, I can pretend for a little bit, but I'm not one of those people who's just exuding light and I think she was. And again, like, so beautiful. Like, just, just not, I, I don't see myself in her in a lot of ways. Like I, I don't think I shine as brightly as she does.


and I in a weird way feel like my becoming a comedian and a professionally creative person and a writer is like my way of honoring the potential that was wasted by the universe taking her. You've said you were afraid you were gonna die at 34. Do you still have that fear? I actually don't. I think therapy helped a lot with that and the last couple years I've sort of felt that fear melt away because it is irrational.


It makes sense, but it is irrational. So that's, that's another place that I see growth in myself, mental health Wise is, I, I don't feel this like deep belief that I'm also gonna be taken from this world in a few years. Yeah. If you're just joining us, I'm speaking with standup comedian Taylor Tomlinson. She's the host of the Late Night Show after midnight, which airs on CBS with streaming on Paramount Plus Tomlinson will travel the country this fall as part of her standup Save Me tour. We'll be right back after a short break. This is Fresh Air.


It's easy to get caught up in life on earth. It's being human, but we're just one species on one planet in a whole universe. Come get out of your head and explore that universe with us with fun. Fascinating stories of science and discovery. Listen now to the Shore Wave Podcast from NPR.


Famous People play fictional versions of of themselves on screen all the time. Actors, athletes, even politicians have done it. But what makes it work when it works? Sometimes it's just a flat out unflattering take. Sometimes it's just specific, it's just weird. We're talking about when celebrities portray themselves and we're breaking it down from the mundane to the inspired. Listen to the pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR


Dreaming. I'm Jesse Thorn on Bullseye Common tells us who inspired him. I was definitely looking up to Pete Rock and C How Smooth And Pete Rock talks about the common albums that he loved. Yeah, one Day it'll all make sense And the two of them will talk about how they teamed up for the first time in almost two decades on Bullseye for maximum fun.org and NPR.


I think you described it as like you suffer from eldest child syndrome, so you're like the eldest of, of four. And you grew up southern California, as we mentioned, very religious. The church experience changed for you when your mother died. You describe it as being fun and then it wasn't. Can you say more about that? I think it just rocked my world. I think it just went against what I had been told. I had been told, if you believe and pray and stay, you know, faithful God will answer your prayers. And we had so many people praying for her and she believed she was gonna get better.


And so to watch your mom die of cancer, even while everybody gathers around her and lays hands on her and, and supports her and prays for her, and then for them to turn around and go, well, God did heal her. He just healed her in a different way. He just, she is healed, she's healed in heaven. and I was like, whoa, okay. The rewrite on that is crazy. Like it made me question everything. And slowly over the next 10 years, I felt like I was struggling to stay in it the whole time I was growing up and I just felt like I was a bad Christian because I, I didn't in my heart agree with everything.


The idea that we would have figured out exactly who or what created us and what's gonna happen when we die. Like I just can't even imagine feeling that way. Like I just have no idea what happens and I don't know how any of us would figure it out. Not that I'm against the idea that there might be a God or something more like I'm not at all. I think that's just as likely that there's nothing. But I really struggled with like, we have this book, we have this manual and everything written in it is what we believe and absolutely true. And so yeah, I just sort of, as I got out of school and, and started doing standup and standup is, you know, you're hanging out with people of all ages from all walks of life, like coming up in comedy clubs and everything.


And it really broke me out of the, the sheltered childhood I was coming from. It's kind of like you went from one, you know, one community to another community, like the community of comedy. And I'm just kind of curious though, if there was ever any bouts of loneliness. 'cause I I sort of know what you mean. I, I've come from a religious family too, and one of the things about falling out of love with religion that many people I hear say they didn't anticipate was the loneliness. Because so much of religion is about community. You've got your youth groups, you've got, you know, all of the folks that rallied around you and your family When your mother passed away, did you ever go through that breakup process of, of loneliness just being out in the world without a community?


Absolutely. I mean, I think that's what's so beautiful about religion is it can provide such comfort and such beautiful community when, when done the right way, when it's not being used as a fear tactic or a way to control people. But yeah, I was so afraid to admit that I didn't identify as a Christian anymore because I thought I was gonna lose my family. Like I thought it was gonna separate me from them forever. And it hasn't, you know, for the most part. And it's been su such a relief to not lose those people.


And like my mom was really re religious. Like that was very important to her. And it feels like letting her down in a way. It feels like letting down that entire side of my family and I. But I know that they don't love me any less or accept me any less, but I, I do still wish that I fit into that mold because it would be easier. and I, I do look at like my cousins who are all such brilliant, smart, cool, successful, amazing people and still in the church and I do, I do feel jealous sometimes. You talk quite a bit about your siblings, there are four of you.


And something really interesting that you talk about in your latest standup is how you came out as queer. How did you come to that realization? And your siblings also identify as queer? Yeah, well that's part of the reason I think I had so much resentment towards my religious upbringing is like, forget, forget identifying as queer or like you yourself being gay. Even if you believed in gay marriage, you were like not right with God. You know, like I, you know, I I think when I was in high school and I had those feelings, it was just something you kept to yourself or squashed because it just wasn't an option, you know, in the same way, like not being a Christian wasn't an option 'cause you just lose everybody you cared about if that was true of you.


And then again, I think over the years, like, you know, being bisexual comes with its own fears and insecurities and worries about judgment and, and being wrong and, and being accused of like just wanting attention. So I was like very scared to come out for those reasons. But I think watching my younger siblings come out over the years was very inspiring to me and really did sort of pave the way for me, funnily enough as their older sibling to do that.


I think like, I think them validating me helped me feel more comfortable with it. You Talk about this in, in have it all, you talk about the beauty of your relationships with your siblings just by virtue of you talking about them in the context of these funny scenarios that you bring up. And, and one of them you also talk about how hard it is to date straight men. And this is in the context of one of your siblings who's talking about how amazing their relationship is. Let's listen, Do you know how hard it is to continue dating straight men when you are surrounded by three queer relationships?


Up close Queer relationships are the most beautiful, thoughtful, creative things I've ever seen in my life. My sister and her partner are in a romance novel. Every time I talk to them I'm like, Hey, I know you had a hard week at work. You doing okay? And she's like, yeah, I did. So to cheer me up, my partner got me my favorite snack and a limited edition flavor. They got me a little vial of sand from the beach we went to on our first date. And you know how I always wanted an easy baked oven growing up and never got it. They found one on eBay. I'm like, oh my God, are they cheating on you? She's like, what? No, they just listen to me when I talk and remember things I say. and I'm like, what? No, go through their phone. This Stinks.


Go through their phone. Trust me. She's like, okay, how are you and your boyfriend doing Teyl? I'm like, oh, we're good. My boyfriend bought me a hot dog because he wanted one and I was there too. That was my guest comedian Taylor Tomlinson from her latest comedy special. Have it all on Netflix. I've been reflecting lately on how underrated sibling relationships are, like, as part of just the discourse about family, because you all really are the closest things to each other. You're, you're the only four people who share this particular makeup of DNA, you know?


Yeah. Who know all of your secrets, who are there for your entire childhood. I mean, people talk about the significance of their best friends from childhood in their lives. and I have friends like that who have been in my life since I was 10 years old, but nobody else has been there from the time I was two. You know, like my younger sibling, Bryn is like my best friend in the world and knows me better than anybody. and I would probably feel that way about them even if we weren't related. I think like, I just like who they are so much and I respect who they are so much. and I, I feel so privileged to have that in my life.


'cause I don't think everyone has that with their siblings. I think there are plenty of siblings who, you know, they see each other on holidays and they check in every once in a while. So yeah, I just, I feel really, really grateful. Well, Taylor, this was a pleasure to talk with you and I really. Thank you so much for this conversation. This was so nice. Thank you so much for having me. I really, really appreciate it. Taylor Tomlinson is a comedian and host of the CBS Late Show. After midnight, she'll soon be traveling the country with her Save Me tour. Coming up TV critic David Bean Cooley reviews the new season of the comedy series. Only murders in the building.


This is Fresh Air


Need a binge Listen. Check out the latest series from NPRs embedded podcast. It's called Tested. Since long before the Paris Olympics, women in sports have been asked to prove their gender. There was Chitchat about is that Really a Woman Listen to tested a new series from embedded and CBC about the history and future of sex testing in sports. All episodes are out now.


Famous people play fictional versions of themselves on screen all the time. Actors, athletes, even politicians have done it. But what makes it work when it works? Sometimes it's just a flat out unflattering take. Sometimes it's just specific, it's just weird. We're talking about when celebrities portray themselves and we're breaking it down from the mundane to the inspired. Listen to the pop culture Happy Hour podcast From NPR


On Bullseye, John Cena on the many careers he pursued before going with I guess wrestling actor, I worked the, the, the Roadhouse as a, as a bouncer for bars late at night. Not a lot of room for advancement. All that, and more on Bullseye for maximum fun.org and NPR


Only murders in the building. The comedy series that stars Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez. As amateur crime Solving Podcasters has launched its fourth season on Hulu. Our TV critic, David Bian Cooley has seen the seven new episodes available for review and says they're funnier and more loaded with delightful guest stars than ever. Here's his review. Only murders in the building since premiering on the Hulu streaming service in 2021 has gotten plenty of Emmy nominations, but hasn't really gotten its due even for the 2024 Emmys, which are handed out later this month. The series was snubbed in the comedy series writing category, which is a small sin because co-creators, Steve Martin and John Hoffman have managed to craft a comedy mystery series in which the laughs are plentiful and the mysteries are plausible and surprising.


Pulling off either one of those feats is impressive. Nailing them both is indeed Emmy worthy. Not that only murders is completely lacking for attention or awards. The show has won for Emmys to date, though only one for an actor for guest star Nathan Lane in 2022. But every year the show finds ways to showcase his regular and guest stars more creatively. And this year, for the first time, all three series leads are nominated and deservedly so. Steve Martin, as former TV Detective Charles Hayden Savage and Martin Short, as former Broadway director Oliver Putnam are both insufferably, egotistic, and painfully insecure and sporadically gleefully hilarious.


And Selena Gomez as mystery podcasting fan, Mabel Mora is as Droll and dry as Martin Shortz. Oliver is bubbly and over the top. The new season of only murders in the building takes this unlikely trio to a new setting, but only temporarily because of the success of their previous seasons of crime solving. The three podcasting partners are flown to Hollywood where a movie executive hopes to buy their life rights and make a movie based on their adventures. The movie exec is played by Molly Shannon, formerly of Saturday Night Live, who throws a glitzy party for the new arrivals at the party. She tries to wow them by introducing them to the actor's cast to play their big screen counterparts.


Eugene Levy from Schitt's Creek as Charles Zach Gki from The Hangover as Oliver and Eva Longoria from Desperate Housewives as Mabel. Charles and Mabel are starstruck. Oliver, not so much. Charles Oliver and Bel. This is well, Charles Oliver and Mabel. I'm Eugene Levy. I am Eva Longoria. Yeah, I'm, I want to say Tim, I'm Jack Black. Oh, that's it. Yeah. I'm not Jack Black Oliver. This is Zach Gallic. Oh yes. Zach Gallop. Alistic of course. Ha, I see what you're doing.


People do this. You're trying to, between Two ferns. Me Between the whats. Okay, look, I might not be a desperate housewife or Mr. Shits over here, but I happen to have started the second highest grossing comedy of all freaking time. Are you the little boy from Home Alone? What did they do to you? I'm out. I'm done. Once the movie is greenlit, Charles Oliver and Mabel head back to their familiar New York apartment complex where a recent bullet hole found in the window of Charles's apartment leads them to suspect he may have been targeted for murder. They also suspect the sniper may have aimed from one of the apartments across their courtyard.


Charles studies the behavior of the residents occupying the West Tower, then convenes his podcast partners to discuss his suspicions. At this point, only murders becomes the comedy equivalent of Rear Window like James Stewart in that famous Hitchcock movie. Our heroes expect that evil is afoot across the way. But with these three, the way they go about their voyeuristic inquiry highlights their very distinct and very funny personalities. Why don't we talk through what we know about the residents of the West Tower? Ah, The Westie.


They're an odd bunch. Weirdos, loaners, Renters. You don't have to say it like that. Yeah, boomer. And not everyone was alive when an apartment cost a bag of beans. I'd kill her in anything. Alright, Charles, tell us about the Westie and why they might, for argument's sake, want you dead. There's stink eye. Joe seems hostile, always looking over here, giving me this stink eye. Ah, there's the sauce. Family always stirring some kind of sauce at all hours.


And looking over here, three people, lots of pots always stirring. Are they stirring up a nice batch of murder, Both of these. Season four plots, the movie being made and a new murder in the building. Make room for a small commuter plane full of guest stars, all of whom come to play and show us a great time. And almost all the only murders actors nominated for Emmys this year in various supporting categories are back, including Divine Joy, Randolph Paul Rudd, and Meryl Streep and Jane Lynch, Melissa McCarthy, Scott Bakula and Richard Kind are here too.


They're all wonderful and Meryl Streep and Paul in particular are doing great work with their screen time and no holds barred performances. They may as well be considered series regulars. The show's writing is up to their level and so are the show's. Three headliners. When Meryl Streep shares intimate or sad or joyous scenes with Martin Short, they all work this season. There's a major influx of talent added to only murders in the building, but the new and returning faces don't outshine the stars. They shine and play right along with them. David Bian Cooley is a professor of television studies at Rowan University.


He reviewed the new season of only Murders in the building, now streaming on Hulu. Tomorrow on Fresh Air investigative journalist Jessica Pisco. In her new book, the Highest Law in the Land, she writes that a growing group of constitutional sheriffs have become a flashpoint in the current politics of toxic masculinity, guns, white supremacy, and rule resentment. I hope you can join us. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Annmarie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren k Crile, Heidi Saman, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Challenor, Susan Yadi, and Joel Wolfram with Terry Gross.


I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill, a Bank of America Company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares why Saatva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At Saatva, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice. Save up to $600 through Labor Day Weekend at tva.com/npr.