
NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Dave Davies. Season two of the Comedy series, Mo is now available on Netflix. It's based on the life of Mo Amer, a comedian of Palestinian descent who grew up in Kuwait and Houston and is fluent in Arabic, Spanish, and English. As the first season ended, Mo was trying to stop the theft of his family's olive trees from a Texas farm when he ended up trapped in the thieve's truck and transported to Mexico. As season two opens, he's stuck in Mexico City because he's undocumented. He sells falafel tacos from a vending cart and plays in a mariachi band to get by. But he's desperate to get back to Houston where his long awaited asylum hearing is fast approaching here.


He's talking to a clerk at the American Embassy in Mexico where he's been seeking a travel document to get into the United States. You know, I mean, this is like the 12th time I've seen you. I've seen your colleague like six times. Yeah, This is like the 13th time. I have to ask you, where's your passport? I don't have a passport. Exactly. Next? No, no. Next. The Spiderman. Wait, wait, spider. Okay, look, I got an asylum hearing coming up in Houston that I've been waiting for for 22 years, and if I get that asylum granted, I can eventually get a passport. Please. God, I've been begging for the last six months after I was kidnapped and brought to Mexico against my will and no one's willing to help me. Right. You were kidnapped by the olive tree cartel. It was right.


The the Donda. My lawyer said if I can get a lazy passe, I can legally cross the border. Yeah, but just come to terms with the fact you're Mexican now. Okay. Feliz SI tell you what, if you gimme a passe, I'll donate to your vacation fund. You wanna go tubing in San Marco because I can't afford more than San Marco. You wanna Bribe me? Who say bribe? Nobody said bribe. I didn't say bribe. I did not put your hand down. I didn't say bribe. I said donation. Politicians take donations all the time. Then I'm gonna Need you to politely Off. Mo Short for Mohamed has made a name for himself in comedy, starring in standup specials, touring in the US and other countries, and co-starring in the Hulu series Rami in his Netflix series, Mo.


He's close to his mother and autistic brother, his Mexican American girlfriend, and a kaleidoscope of ethnically diverse friends. Season two eventually takes him to his ancestral home in the West Bank, where the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is integral to the story. A review in The Guardian says Season two of MO brings together food identity, immigration, family, and Middle Eastern politics in a way that's as fresh and intriguing as the falafel tacos that become central to the plot. Today we're going to listen to my 2022 interview with Mo Amer when the first season of MO aired Mo Amer Welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you for having me.


I gotta tell you, I struggled a little bit when I was writing your introduction because I, I feel like if I, if I describe you as Palestinian, that doesn't quite capture the Mo Amer I see in your stuff you kind of have more than one identity, don't you? That's really interesting you say that. I mean, I definitely identify as Palestinian American, but I, you know, it's one of those things that as a refugee, as Ali to America, someone is trying to fit in and and feel like have some kind of sense of belonging, you kind of become a chameleon and you really start putting yourself in other people's shoes almost immediately to be like more relatable and understood. It's very interesting how that works.


That naturally and organically just comes together that way. But yeah, I definitely identify as a Texan Palestinian. I mean, I know this feels like a juxtaposition and kind of like two worlds. It should be colliding, but I feel very much at home with those two worlds. Right. And when people first met you, I mean, given your skin color, they probably assumed you were Mexican American. And I can tell from the series that you speak, obviously Arabic, you speak Spanish pretty fluently to me and at least a couple of three dialects of, of English too, right? Absolutely, absolutely. I can pretty much cover all the dialects in English. I do. I am conversational, completely conversational in Spanish.


My grammar is not perfect sometimes, but yeah, I don't have any problems at all having a full on conversation in Spanish and, and fluent in Arabic. Alright, Well, I, I wanted to listen to a scene from the series Mo, which as we said, premiers on Netflix tomorrow. And this will give us a little bit of sense of some of your linguistic ability to, to fit in the, the series is about you, a character, which named Mo kind of pretty much you in your twenties, I guess, single living in Houston, dating a Mexican American woman, which of course your, your Palestinian mom sort of disapproves of. This is a scene where you've just lost a job you had in an electronic shop because the owner was concerned about an immigration raid and you didn't have your papers.


So you've returned to an old side hustle of selling knockoff merchandise out of the trunk of your car. And this scene happens in, you've got your big car backed up to the edge of a, a strip mall, which you see plenty of in Houston. And there's this heavyset guy and a, a white guy in a cowboy hat walking down the sidewalk and you engage him and say, Hey, it looks like you got orthopedic shoes there. Does that hurt your back? And try and sell 'em a pair of shoes from the trunk. And they are these, they're imitations of these odd looking shoes marketed by Kanye West, kind of in part made from the foam look, The easy foam runners. Yeah. And I swear by them. Okay. The easy Real, The easy foam runners. And they are, I like literally mean everything I say in the Clip.


Well, here's you, you, you open this and then you pull out a little stool, you stool, you got a little portable store there. So it begins with you engaging this fella. Let's listen. How you doing, brother? Beautiful weather, huh? Yeah, it is. Yeah, we lucky. What do you got? Orthopedics? Yes sir. Slow down. Slow down now. Hurt yourself. What are they? A nine and a half. Got it again? Yeah. Yeah. Have my old trustees. I bet they're doing a number on your lower back. God, my lower back is killing me. Same here. Till I switched over to EAs, then my back pain disappeared. Thank you. Easy is what I say. Come on, lemme show you something. Oh no, I holy. You got a whole store in there. That's right baby. I'm an entrepreneur. Look at this. Good for you. Thank you Designer. Yet orthopedic.


That don't look like anything I put on my feet. They look like alien shoes. Well, they are from whatever planet Kanye's from, but don't judge 'em until you try 'em on, brother. Come on, I Come on in for a moon landing and take 30 seconds of your time. Here we go. You gotta look after your lower back. Yeah, I do. Here you go. Come on, give 'em a try. All Right. These are genuine recycled algae. Whoa. Yeah. Whoa. Oh my goodness. Look at that son. These shoes are golden. How much Aftermarket? These go for about $350,000. Now I'm only to give 'em to you for $200. So I can't tell my wife I paid $200 for a pair of algae shoes, Brother.


I smell what you're stepping in. Okay, so I'm gonna sweeten the pocket now for $300. I know. Well, hold on a second. Hear me out. I'm gonna throw in the Chanel purse. Alright, now this will retail well over a thousand dollars. You ain't gonna find a better replica than this. She won't know the difference. And that is Mo Amer making a sale in the series Mo, which premieres on Netflix tomorrow. You know, we hear you speaking kind of the Texan version of English, which I will say I grew up in south Texas. I recognized that accent. You used that to connect people, I guess lots of, lots of times growing up, didn't you?


Yeah, I think it's one of those things that I actually just connect with in general. Like, I mean, the Palestinian culture is, is a folksy farmer kind of mentality in life. And, And when I came to Texas, it's one of the things that was really attractive to me was the country music, the folksy music, the the storytelling tradition of that. And I, and I really just attach myself to it because it's in my blood and, and you know, the, in the character in the scene itself is meant to be that I am, you know, endearing to him and, and develop trust. So you, you did sell knockoff stuff on the street. This is a real thing. No comment. Yeah, no idea. I absolutely did. I was a teenager.


It's just something that I just fell into honestly. I was wearing knockoff Versace sunglasses that I thought were cool and someone was just like, Hey, those are really nice, you know, you selling those. I'm like, yeah, it's my last one. And it just became my shtick where somebody would walk in where I see someone that might be interested in what I have. I'd put it on, I'd wear it, they'd comment on it, and then I would sell it. It was how it worked. I imagine you develop some kind of skills for reading people and communicating that, that probably helped in standup when you got to that. No, absolutely. Assessment of situations of people is crucial to be not only a great salesman, but a great, you know, standup comedian. So it did help a lot, you know, and, and it's one of those things that when you experience such hardships, you become really good at, at like figuring out what's good and bad and following your gut more so following your gut, right?


Like, you know, this could be a good thing when you should tap into that and you realize that you have a high percentage of hit rate where you're right, you start to trust it way more. Yeah. And when it's time to close things up and split too, I imagine. Exactly. Exactly. You know, we mentioned earlier that your family left Kuwait and ended up in Houston. Tell us a bit more about that. Your family was in Kuwait, had a comfortable life, and then the, the first Gulf War happened, which was Saddam Hussein invading Kuwait. How much do you remember of that departure? I remember all of it. Every bit of it. That's why I recreated it in the flashbacks as much as possible whenever budget allowed us to do.


You know, I think it's one of those things that is not really, that's glossed over. It's such an important topic at the Gulf War that really sparked everything, right? Even to this day we're still dealing with those, with that, with that war. This like, this domino effect of political relations throughout the middle region, you know, middle East, north Africa. And I really believe that that was, that was one of the biggest turning points in that area. I mean, if you think about it, there wasn't any American military presence there pre Gulf War. And since then we've never left. And we've been in present in that area ever since. And there's so many people that were affected by that war, you know, particularly a lot of Palestinians were affected by, it had to flee from there.


It was like, now it's that they're, you know, think about my mom and my dad's perspective. This is their third, second or third time they have to flee because of being stateless and, you know, to have to create a new life again. So this is something that was really important to me to show this like generational trauma essentially that, that you're starting now to see it starting over in Houston, Texas. Right. They had fled Haifa before when the, when the 47 war happened. Right. So they were 47. So then once the Israel became a state and the United Nations was formed, if you were in the, some people were able to, some Palestinians were able to stay in the Israeli quote unquote territory.


So those people are called Israeli Arabs. And they're Palestinians, but they're referred to Israeli Arabs. And we had to, yeah, my family historically left Haifa and ended up in Budin, which is right outside of Nala, one of the biggest cities, I think, in the entire area. Why did your family end up in Kuwait? Well, it was before I was born, so I'll just tell you what I know. I know. My father was offered a job at the Kuwaiti Oil Company as a telecommunications engineer. And that's why my family relocated to Kuwait. And, and so we settled there for a long time.


My father was actually instrumental in building wireless communication between oil rigs and was was one of the first people to build a radio station in Kuwait. He and his team. So we were there for, for years before that. And they would visit regularly before, you know, everything blew up in, in Palestine and, and Toda and created the situations became more and more and more tense and it became more and more difficult to go back and visit. So, so tell us what happened in Kuwait. I mean, you were there, your dad was working in telecommunications, making a good living, you had a pretty comfortable life. What happened that forced you to leave? I mean, I know the Iraq invaded, but how did, how did your family experience that?


Sure. I mean, I was a little kid. I was nine years old when that happened. So I, I was, you know, this was my first time seeing my parents worried about anything, right? Like something as dramatic as this. And I knew it was really, really serious. The conditions became like not really livable because of what Saddam Hussein was doing. He released a bunch of prisoners at that time and instructed them to rob the entire area. And everything just became so incredibly unsafe when it was one of the safest places to be in the world, you know, it became so unpredictable and it was really scary time and turbulent time. So it was, it was at that moment that my father and my mother both made a decision together that we should leave and head to America.


And that's why we ended up in Houston, Texas. But that is like not something that you just pick up and leave overnight. You have to, at that time we had to leave on a bus. And I remember this clear as day, that's why I put it in the flashback in the, in the series is us fleeing on a, on a bus and, and leaving with whatever we had and my mom having to hide it, hide the money strategically so it doesn't get taken from us through Iraq to Ahman Jordan. Finally we got our paperwork to leave. My mom, my sister and I actually left and ended up in Houston, Texas. My mom actually went back solo. It's how much of a gangster, an incredible woman she is. She went back to Kuwait to finish everything up with my father and my brother and I, it, it was a really delicate and difficult situation.


Also politically, it was really different, right? Because at that time, you know, yes sir, Arafat gave his blessings to, or support to Saddam Hussain. So it became a really difficult time for Palestinian even though it had nothing to do with us, you know, it was a political thing. And, and that's what normally happens, right? Where politicians make decisions that affect the people that have nothing to do with anything. So we had to leave at that time. We had no other choice. So you were describing how your family left Kuwait after the invasion by Iraq in the first Gulf War in 1991. You and your mom and your siblings eventually made it to Houston.


Your dad wasn't there for quite a while. He got there a couple of years later. It's in you, you got into school. And as we heard in that clip, it was a weird beginning. You were used to wearing a bow tie to school and speaking with an English accent and everybody assumed you were Mexican American and you, you managed, you made your way and then your father died. You were 14. Is that right? What was the effect of that on you? I was incredibly potent. I didn't know, you know, so many things changed from nine to 13 from my age. You know, it's like so many things were already changing so dramatically. And, and to lose my father was, was a devastating blow.


You know, you have all the things going through your head. I didn't have enough time. What did I do? What did I say to him? I, you have regret. You go through all the motions of that. And I was completely lost, to be honest. I started skipping school, stopped being interested in it at all in high school. I didn't want to participate in anything and it was really hard to focus. And I, I just had it in my head. I was gonna be a standup community anyway. Why do I need this? Just forget this. It's a joke. Anyway, I just, I just had zero interest in anything other than being a standup comedian and entrepreneur. Like that's all I wanted. And then my teacher, Mrs. Reed and Mrs. Broderick in English class changed my life. And, and she woke me up to it.


She was like, how would you feel if you don't graduate? How would your father feel if you don't graduate? And it pierced my heart. I'm like, it'd be devastating. I come from a highly educated family. This be a really big black mark on us, like, and myself and I don't want that. She goes, don't you wanna be a standup comedian? I was like, yeah, absolutely I do. She goes, I tell you what, if you don't, if you stop skipping, I'll let you do standup in class. I was like, what? Are you sure I can do standup in class? She was like, yeah. She goes, all you have to do is just sprinkle in something. 'cause there's English class. If you can sprinkle in some Shakespeare or be creative and figure out a way how you can, you know, mix in the curriculum, I'll, I'll give you extra credit even and I'll let you do standup on Fridays.


I was like, this is sounds like a great deal. I was like, what's the catch? He goes, you can't skip anymore. You skip once and it's over for you. I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna fail you. It's over. Let's back up a second. You said that, you know, you knew you wanted to be a standup comedian. How did you know that? What got you interested in comedy? First of all, I'd never heard of standup comedy. It's an indigenous art form to America, right? There's three, it's jazz, hip hop and standup. So I didn't know anything about it. I went to the Houston Livestock Show and rodeo a few months after being in the States to kind of change things up. My family took me just to kind of get my mind off of things and to try to do something fun.


And I saw Bill Cosby performing live At the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo. That's great. Yeah. So it was him co-head. He was co headlining with the band Alabama. And I saw it and I just, in front of 65,000 plus people just telling these hilarious stories. And I looked at my brother, I was like, what is this? He was like, this is standup comedy. I was like, oh my God, that's what I'm supposed to be doing with my life. And my brother was like, okay, yeah. You know, like, this kid is having a moment. He had no idea how profound of a moment it was for me and how like it was just like so real that this is exactly what I'm supposed to be doing.


And how old were you when that Happened? I was nine. Oh wow. You were little. And how did you start doing it? You start cracking your friends up. Did you do it in front of a mirror? What did, how did you develop standup as a kid? I was always really funny. I was always telling stories. I never had like a, that was just natural to me. And my mom would tell me, like when I was a, when I just started walking, I would walk in front of the television and turn off the TV and start doing gestures and making sounds. But, but that's how it worked out. And I did stand up in, in high school, like I said, I was doing it in classes and, and I would do impressions of Chris Farley and I would just like roast kids in class as Chris Farley.


And then when I graduated high school, I walked into the Laugh Stop, which is a co iconic comedy club, unfortunately is no, no longer open anymore in Houston that I, I did shows, I did the Houston's Funniest Person competition and that's where I learned about the world of standup and, and what it takes like in a comedy club, open mics and building a set. And that's where I met my mentor for owner of the Comedy Showcase, Danny Martinez, who ended up teaching me everything I needed to know about standup comedy, the art form, you know, getting my wings and how to become a, you know, a proficient standup comedian. Well, you know, one thing I observed in the performances that I've seen of yours is the way you use your voice like an instrument you can quickly get loud and kind of come up and pitch in a way that totally works.


Was that something that, that you always did or is it something that you worked on? Oh, I learned that. Yeah, I learned that it's so important. Yeah, I think comedians don't understand, like you have an instrument there with your voice, man, it brings me so much joy that you recognize that it's, yeah, it takes years to perfect something like that. Or, or to, to hone a skill like that. And I, I think that sounds, and again that's something that Danny taught me early on in my standup career is how you use, you know, understanding what my technique is and where you put the mic and the inflection in your voice and when you use it, where it's not something that I like deliberately try to do. It's just a natural thing that happens while I'm telling a story that I'm highly conscious of.


So I just do it naturally in the moment. Mo Amer recorded in 2022, he stars in the Netflix series called Mo, after a long hiatus Season two is now streaming. He'll be back to talk more after this short break. And later Justin Chang reviews Black Bag, the new spy thriller directed by Stephen Soderberg and starring Kate Blanche and Michael Fastbender. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, no idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/ NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney plus. Follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of and or is now streaming only on Disney plus.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize winning reporting and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. At N p's pop culture, happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR.


So you spent a lot of years traveling as a comedian before you got your citizenship, what was your immigration status and how did you travel? Oh my God, that pre getting my US citizenship, it feels like a dream. Like I don't even know how I did it. You had a refugee travel document that's issued. They still do this to this day. It's only valid for a year, which is so difficult. It has its own implications. 'cause some countries require at least six months validity, right? To any, you know, passport or travel document. It takes four months to get. So you're just waiting forever for it.


And then when you, and then nobody knows what it is, right? Nobody has a clue what it is. The people who should know what it is don't know what it is. Like the people working at the airlines, when you first check in, no idea what it is. When you get to the immigration counter, 90 plus percent of the immigration officers from all around the world look at this as an alien landing. Like, what is this thing? You know? And they just freak out by it. How did you get here? Why are you here? The questions start to ensue and then they realize how, you know, terrible, they were to me for hours and hours until they got confirmation that this is a real thing that you can actually travel with.


Which makes it even more confusing is that it says this is not a passport. The moment you open it, right on the inside, it's big bold letters. It says this is not a US passport. So it's like, well what is this thing? And they would read that back to you. This is not a passport. Yeah. I'm like, yeah, I know it's not a passport. Yeah, exactly. I know exactly. This is not a pa but it's the refugee trial. I would've to become really knowledgeable about what it is when it was issued, you know, what rights I have attached to it, you know, it was just a mess. Just an Absolute mess. So, so mow the salesman had to take over, right? I mean, absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, in some cases I had to like mislead them to enter the country.


In some cases I would have to just like completely mislead them or pretend like I don't know what they're talking about. Or just create some kind of situation or, or attempt to big time it like, you know, you know, just you have to like, I had to assess the situation and each one was very different than the other. And then I would assess the person and the immigration officer and then I had to, you know, come up with a quick plan in that moment to get in. How would you big time it with a skeptical border agent or or airline employee? You have to be super confident, you know? And so you have to exude this confidence and, and tell them exactly what they're doing. And once you tell them you're a comedian, if they understood what standup comedy was, it made things lighter naturally.


But then you just have to be like super direct and, and then you guilt them like, hey, this is my livelihood. I'm coming to work. Like this is what I do and this is where I'm going. And I would you do this to yourself? Like would you do this to people? You know, like what am I doing here? Like you would just guilt them into like basically let them see how racist this interaction is. And then once they start having that, that realization and they know that it's legal and they have to, they have to let you go through, they eventually let you go. You would cite Geneva conventions? I would, no, absolutely. I would, I would cite Geneva Conventions and this is my rights here. This is what it is. According to the articles of 1948. Yeah, absolutely. I would, yeah.


I mean, it's been a while so I need a massive refresher. But, but it was, it was one of those things that I had to do. And I would also add to it like recommendation letters from the respected consulates. I would carry those with me as well as references. So if they had any issues, I would get them before I leave, before I left Houston, I would get those recommendation letters and I would have to work that out. Right? I would have to call the consulate general of Jordan at that time. Like, Hey, can you connect me with the Japanese consulate? Maybe he can write me a letter so when I get there, if I have any issues, I can show that to them. Or I would do that with all those countries. It was like a pretty great hustle for a kid that was like 18, 19 years old to think that far ahead.


That's pretty insane. Yeah. You know, who has those backup plans like that? And I learned that from my mom. It took you, I think 20 years roughly from when you got to Houston before you got your citizenship. Why did it take so long? It's just the asylum process, you know, dealing with the immigration process and there was a couple of snafus that nobody really saw coming, but the asylum immigrant process is not, like, is not that easy. So you, your, your family applied for asylum and you were waiting for a correct, a hearing and a decision for all those years. Absolutely, absolutely. And more so, you know, my dad passed away at another layer of complexity.


So we had to like start over 'cause we didn't know who the lawyer was and it was just a whole situation. And then by the time you get another attorney and you get another court date, it takes a lot of time. It's not something that happens overnight. And then when you get there, it has a whole nother layers to it. Like, oh, what do you need this or this paperwork or that, how can you prove this and that? Like, it takes a while and then by the time you do get your asylum, if you're lucky enough to get it, you're not deported. It takes you five years to get your green card, another five years to become a citizen. Wow. It's just, that's the way it is. That's the process. So yeah, it takes time. You know, you, you traveled a lot and I I I happen to know that there's one occasion when you got upgraded to first class and seated next to Eric Trump.


Of all people tell us that story. Well, I mean, it wasn't just a random sitting next to him. It was right after his dad was elected president of the United States and no one from the Trump administration was speaking to the media. And I didn't even know this 'cause I was so engrossed in touring. I just flew in from Australia to New York, New York, I'm going to Scotland, Glasgow. And I couldn't think, I didn't even know, you know, I was so exhausted. I get there and I sit next to him, I'm like, is this a joke? Like, I thought this was a joke. I'm like, am I being set up? Am I being recruited into the Illuminati? And I don't know it, like what's happening? You know, what's going on? And I just initially thought that the, you know, the ticketing agent had a sense of humor.


She was just like, oh, Eric Trump is on my flight. Lemme see who's on standby here for first class. Oh, Muhammad Mustafa hammer upgrade. You know, like, I thought that was potentially what was going on. And I jokingly, you know, I gave him the business. I was, I wasn't holding back. And I just told him, I was like, Hey, this, this Muslim stuff has gotta just stop. I don't know why it's happening. You know, you guys need to relax on that. Took a picture with him and I, you know, had a caption, it's been a while now, but something along the lines like, don't worry guys, there's no Muslim ID cards, da da da. And I didn't know it was gonna become like a global incident. And I did six hours later in Glasgow and I have emails from every single publication and news outlets on planet Earth.


I was like, holy, what did I just do? When you gave him the business and said, you know, talked about the Muslim ban, how did he respond? He was just like, come on, my dad. He was like, the funny thing is like you, like he was just like, you know, we do a lot of business in the Middle East. Come on, nobody's gonna do that. You know, like I have Arab friends, you know, he did, he did one of those things, which was hilarious. And then I told him, I was like, look, I've got your dad all figured out. He knows the trigger words, right? For the media to cover him and create a spectacle, right? He knows those words. So he keeps the things that he can't touch. He keeps touching him and saying him over and over again and he knows he is gonna dominate the news coverage. That's what he does without even flinching.


He goes, yep, that's exactly what he does. Mo Amer stars in the series based on his life called mo, which is in its second season on Netflix. We'll hear more after this short break. This is Fresh Air


Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that we'd only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get there. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum, From a quality standpoint is the best in the world To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips. It's Very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What Are you looking for? The stupid guy here. They're all smart. Don't worry about Planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency at the NPR politics podcast. We're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term, from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together over on the NPR Politics podcast.


One of the interesting things about your career, I read that relatively early in your career, you got gigs performing before American troops in Europe and then in in the Middle East, right? Yeah. Middle East, Japan, Korea, Guam, Bahrain, Germany, Italy, Sicily. Yep. What kind of stuff did you do before then? Did you, I don't know, did you play upon your ethnic background or, Yeah, no, it was important for me to be myself. This was like, the first time I did those shows was pre nine 11. It was April of 2001 was the first time I did those in Italy, Germany and Sicily. I went with another comedian named Carolyn Picard, who took me on the road with her.


And it was, yeah, it was, it was one of those things of just doing standup, right? It wasn't a big deal. And then nine 11 happens five months later and I had these shows booked in Japan, Korea, and Guam. I was like, man, I have to go now. It's a completely different reasoning now. It's not just, I'm not just doing standup comedy. I'm giving these guys a face number one to, to people that are essentially faceless in the media, in television, entertainment. And then, and then also for myself. Like I have to see if I can be myself all the time. Because if that is, if that's taken away from me in standup, then it's, everything is gone. I can't fake and be a different persona and different person.


Like, no, I have to be myself. That is the funniest people, the most authentic people or, or the best standing comedians of all time. Like, I can't not be myself. It was a devastating time for me. I was really scared that I, that I, that I might not have a career anymore. And little did I know it was actually empowering for me and, and for them as well. Yeah. You know, it's, it's been 21 years since then and it's, it's, there's a generation of people who didn't experience that and people can forget the intensity, you know, of the, well, I mean anti-Arab and anti-Islam feeling, which rippled through the population and I'm sure through service people that you performed for.


Did you get blow blowback? I mean, how did you deal with it? Very few. I mean, it wasn't really blowback. It was discomfort. And I leaned into that discomfort because I knew it wasn't me. It wasn't, has nothing to do with me. And it has everything to do with their perception or lack of information. So I never took it hard. I never took it to heart. I never was judgmental of them. I, I made sure that, that I stand firm in who I am and let that performance, let the subject matter on stage and let the, the being funny is what's most important. Like, you can't be already have some projections on you and then they, and then they like, oh, this guy sucks too.


Like, you gotta right, you gotta gotta be hilarious. Right. You know? Right, right. That's the number one thing. If you're funny, then it melts most ice. Right. So how did you lean into this discomfort? What did, what did that sound like on stage? Well, I ripped off the bandaid. I just would go up on stage. And when I say stage, I use that loosely because we're performing in, in like war areas in Iraq. And I would just go up on this gravel stage in front of all these troops who are completely strapped and, you know, armed. And I walk on and I say, Hey guys, my name is Mo. It's actually short for mom and surprise bitches, today's the day. I thought that was a really good way to rip off their day. They would just laugh. They loved it.


Yeah, they lay, ate it up. Oh my god. They ate it up. And then I went into the storytelling and everything else and it became such a strong relationship and I had a lot of very earnest moments with a lot of soldiers and they would just walk up to me and, and, and be very emotional with me. You know, it was incredible experience that I, I I would never take the right, I got a lot of judgment from even Muslims and Arabs, like, how dare you go over there and do this and they're killing us. And this whole idea of that, I was like, well, you know, obviously I don't agree with war period. This is all just devastating and, and the reasoning behind it is all false and it's bad and I just don't agree with it.


And also I think it's important to not shy away from it and be present in their life and to give them a new perspective and all. It was like a win, win, win, win, win, you know? And for me as well, somebody who fled that region to begin with was really cathartic as well. For me. It was, it was like, there's so many pluses to going there that I couldn't imagine not doing it. I'm so glad I did. And the emotional moments that you had with soldiers, what kind of things did they say to you? It was some remorse. Some of 'em cried on my shoulders. Some of 'em had a lot of respectful things to say and some of 'em just acknowledging how wrong they were about the projections they had upon the region.


And the friends that they made that are local, that are Arab, that are Muslim. They found to be like really profound moments. And since I came and performed there and we had moments where we could share with each other and have tea and whatever's fortitude us to have a drink together. It was, it, it was a really potent and hyperreal moment. Wow. I mean, it, it can't get any realer than that. You know, in the, your Netflix special Mohamed in Texas, you end with a really touching story of you that now that you got your American passport, you went and paid a visit to the village near Nalu where your family had come from.


Was that your first time in Palestine? Yeah, that was my first time there. Yeah. Yeah. Well you know what, what happens in the standup special is you see you describing some things about this visit and we see footage from the documentary and you know, you talk about tender moments with your family, aunts and cousins, and then you see a mosque and you go and pay a visit to this mosque in the middle of this town where you pray. And then men in the mosque insist that you say the call to prayer, which is, you know, broadcast from a little sound system in the mosque and the whole village hears it and knows that it's time for prayer. And you say, no, no, no, no, I can't do this. And they say, well, don't you know the prayer? You say, well don't you know the call? And you say, yes, of course I know the call, but I can't.


I can't. They just absolutely insist and you agree to do it. And so now I want, at this point, I want to pick up the story from the special where you're describing the moment which you've have agreed to go and do the call for prayer. Let's listen. And I walk up and I was like, cousin, be next to me 'cause I'm nervous, make sure I don't mess up. So I do the call for prayer throughout the whole entire village and I'm overcome. I was like, oh my God, this is amazing. What is this thing that's been written for me? I can't believe this happened, right? As I'm thinking this, a man just crashes right into the message who did the call for prayer like this? And everybody sells me out.


This guy, this guy did the call for prayer. This guy did the call for prayer. I was like, yo, forget y'all Mary, y'all forced me to do the call for prayer. He's like, why'd you do it? I was like, I just told you they forced me to do the call for prayer. He goes, well you just did it 10 minutes early, bro. You did it 10 minutes early. I was like, that clock is flashing man. It's saying it's time. He goes, that clock is 10 minutes ahead. I was like, I don't know, that's a digital clock. Push the little buttons and it'll fix the whole thing. Okay, you want me to do it? And then he goes, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I've been in the village my entire life. I know everyone in the village. Who are you? I've never seen you before. Who is your father? I tell him who my father is. He goes, oh my God.


He goes, oh my God, your father is Mustafa. I was like, yes, my father is Mustafa. He goes, you know, who installed the sound system in this ji Your father did? It was truly one of the most beautiful things I've ever experienced in my life. And that's our guest Mo Amer from his Netflix comedy special Mohammad in Texas. Does it still give you a chill to hear that? Yeah, man. Chokes me up. I can't believe that happened. You know, it's crazy. It's absolutely mind blowing.


Just, and I meant it like, what is this thing that's written for me? It's, it's wild. Yeah. I mean it's like this, the mosque is centuries old and there's this thread pulling you back to it. Yeah. And then to find out that that, 'cause my father was a telecommunications engineer, but but more this, more so than that. He was really familiar with technology of all sorts, from televisions to radios. And apparently this is where I learned like your father had a shop here in Boin and he would teach people what technology was. 'cause nobody knew what it was. And he made a joke. He's like, ah, before your dad, they used to plant antennas in the ground and pour water on them hoping they'd get a signal, you know?


And I was just making an analogy of what my dad did for the town. And he goes, yeah, your dad's the one who installed the sound system. I was like, are you kidding me? Wow. Like that is just mind blowing. Well, Mo Amer, it's been fun. Thanks so much for spending some time with us. Oh, thank you so much for having me. Thank you so much. I have had a great Time. Mo Amer recorded in 2022, the second season of his Netflix series, Mo is now streaming. Coming up Justin Chang reviews Black Bag, the new spy thriller directed by Stephen Soderberg. This is Fresh Air. Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape.


And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast. From NPR, Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water that's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR, Hey, it's a Martinez.


Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to The Up First podcast from NPR. In the new comic spy thriller black bag, Kate Blanchard and Michael Fastbender play a married couple who both work as British intelligence agents and who are drawn into a web of intrigue concerning a possible in-house mole. Stephen Soderberg directed the film, which opens in theaters today.


Our film critic Justin Chang, has this review. It feels like only yesterday that I was recommending a new movie from the director Stephen Soderberg and the screenwriter David Kepp. Actually, it was about two months ago. The movie was presence, a ghost story made with a thrift and ingenuity that Soderberg has long been known for. He and Kepp have become ideal creative partners. They're both prolific Hollywood veterans in their early sixties who know genre conventions inside out and who continue to play with those conventions in smart, stylish ways compared with presence and their earlier thriller.


Kimmy Soderberg and Kemp's latest outing Black Bag is certainly a slicker bigger budget affair, but it still has a breezy light fingered intelligence that feels consistent with their Mo. Kate Blanchet and Michael Fastbender, star as Catherine and George. Two brilliant high ranking operatives for Britain's National Cybersecurity Center or NCSC. They're also a longtime married couple. Not an easy feat in a profession where a monogamous commitment, especially between two agents, is virtually unheard of. It's fair to ask how much Catherine and George can really trust each other given the insane levels of duplicity and compartmentalization their jobs require.


The title Black Bag is basically shorthand for classified intel. Something Catherine and George say when they're going somewhere or doing something that they can't disclose, the plot is set in motion by one of those signature movie McGuffin. A deadly cyber weapon called Severus has fallen into the wrong hands. NCSC suspects one of its own, and so it enlists George, a master at sussing out lies to figure out who. George tells Catherine that they'll be hosting a dinner party for four of their colleagues, one of whom is the mole. What he doesn't tell Catherine is that she herself is a suspect.


I understand this is not the casual dinner you prefer. Yeah, It's an unusual group. Data scraper, two agents and the inhouse shrink. What are we hunting this time? Severus. And you think one of them took it? Possibly? Hmm. It's been a while since we had a traitor to dinner. At least knowingly. We shouldn't be discussing this. No, probably not. I would've thought you'd start with polygraphs.


I wanted to try something more elegant. First. What's on the menu? Fun and games. Will it be a mess to clean up With any luck? The four dinner guests are a compelling group in part because they too are romantically paired off, which makes the whole evening play a bit like a John Leray rewrite of who's Afraid of Virginia Wolf. Tom Burke plays Freddie, a longtime agent whose reputation for drinking and philandering makes him a volatile match for Clarissa, a smart young data expert played by Marisa Abella, reggae Jean Page of Bridgeton fame plays an ambitious young agent named James, who's in a similarly stormy relationship with Dr.


Zoe Vaughn, the agency psychiatrist. She's in the mildly kinky position of knowing everyone's intimate secrets, some of them. Anyway, Zoey is played by Naomi Harris, who was Money Penny in the last three James Bond movies. That's not the only oh oh seven tie in. Look out for Pierce Brosnan in a key supporting role as a glowing agency head. Black bag has its share of bond style, globe trotting intrigue. There's a mysterious murder, a brief car explosion, and a nailbiter of a secret mission to Zurich. But at heart it isn't really an action movie.


It's a marital dramedy masquerading as an espionage thriller. Or maybe it's the other way around. Either way, it's a witty, sexy riff on themes of loyalty and betrayal in relationships as well as on the geopolitical stage. The story unfolds as a series of teasingly intimate one-on-one conversations in which secrets lies. Red Herrings and revelations are dished out. It's been a while since I've seen an ensemble of actors this deliciously in sync. There's an almost promiscuous energy to the way the story keeps pairing the characters off in new and surprising configurations.


Fastbender and Abella have a few chaste but scintillating scenes together. And there's an extraordinary sequence in which Catherine goes in for a therapy session with Zoe, a battle of wits for which both Blanche and Harris are exceedingly well equipped. In the end, though, it's Catherine and George who hold our attention the most. They have been told that their marriage is their one major weakness as it risks compromising them both and Blanchet and Fastbender, without so much as a hint of histrionics, convey that even amid all the fun and games, something real is very much at stake.


I don't think it gives away too much to say that black bag is ultimately an ode to a happy marriage. I'm talking about George and Catherine of course, but after three terrific movies in a row, I'm also talking a little about Soderberg and Kepp. Justin Chang is a film critic at the New Yorker. He reviewed Black Bag on Monday. Show writer Clay Ryzen describes a political movement which destroyed the careers of thousands of teachers, civil servants, and artists whose beliefs or associations were deemed un-American. His book Read Scare is about post-World War II America, but he says there's a through line connecting that era to our current political moment.


I hope he can join us To keep up with what's on the showmen, get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Sam Brier is our managing producer. Our senior producer today is Roberta Schrock. Our technical director and engineer is Audre Bentham with additional engineering support from Joyce Lieberman and Julian Hertzfeld. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers Ann Marie Baldonado, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Haller, Susan Yadi, Anna Bauman, and Joel Wolf.


Our digital media producer is Molly Sevy Neper for Terry Gross, Antonia Mosley. I'm Dave Davies.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants, incompetent criminals in ridiculous science studies, and call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPR r's. Wait, wait, don't tell me yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast.


Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast. Every weekday, we bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we're already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR.