
This summer on Planet Money, we're bringing you the entire history of the world, at least the economics part. It's Planet Money Summer School. Every week we'll invite in a brilliant professor and play classic episodes about the birth of money banks and finance. There will be rogues and revolutionaries and a lot of panics Summer school, every Wednesday till Labor Day on the Planet Money Podcast from NPR


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley. In the summer of 1982, my guest today entertainment writer, Chris Nati, was a 13-year-old burgeoning film geek who spent the entire summer that year in movie theaters watching eight feature films that would go on to change the face of cinema as we know it. Movies like Blade, Runner, Conan, the Barbarian Poltergeist, and a sweet movie about an alien trying to find his way back home. E home from It, phone home it phone home it, phone home.


He wants to call somebody. What's all this phone home? Oh my God. He's talking. Oh, E Phone Home. Phone home. Et The Extraterrestrial is a classic, of course, and was a huge hit when it was released the weekend of July 4th in 1982, making it at the time the biggest box office hit in Hollywood history.


Some of the other movies that made a splash were Tron, The, Thing, star Trek, Wrath of Khan, and Mad. Max The, Road Warrior. Chris Nasia has written a new book about the significance of that summer called The Future Was Now Mad Men Mavericks and the Epic Sci-Fi Summer of 1982. Up until that point, Hollywood Executives, he says, were baffled by the sci-Fi fantasy genre until these movies showed them the potential of tapping into a rabbit fan base, eager to spend money on merchandise and endless sequels. Chris Nati is a writer, editor, and former film critic of Entertainment Weekly. His work has appeared in Esquire, sports Illustrated and Vanity Fair.


He's also the author of Caddy Shack, the Making of a Hollywood Cinderella story. And Chris Nati, welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you for having me. I'm very excited. Yeah. Well, you know what is so interesting about this conversation right now is that the movies that are making a splash today are reboots and part two, three fours. Many of the same movies that we're gonna be talking about today, it's like the summer of 1982, brought with it both an expansion of our thinking, but also kind of created a monster That is 100% the argument of the book. You know, it's, it's interesting that this was a, that summer was a real turning point.


It was the beginning of Hollywood really catering to fan culture, which is something, you know, right now as we're talking, you know, Comic-Con is, is still fresh in the news. That's right. Yeah. So, you know, it, it's, it's interesting that, that, that summer sort of was a reaction to what had gone on with Star Wars proving that, you know, there was an audience for a genre that was, in many ways dismissed as geeky or, or kid stuff or whatever, a Subculture. Yeah. And, and the subculture sort of became the culture that summer. So Star Wars, 1977 Jaws, 1975, are two films that they're usually talked about as the Birth of the Summer blockbuster as we know it.


And it opened up this world of sci-fi, and fantasy. How did those two films though, set the stage for this summer of 1982? Yeah, I mean, I think that Jaws and Star Wars were potent examples of movies that people didn't just pay to see in the summer, but paid to see over and over again. They were movies that appealed to, as you mentioned in the intro, a rabid fan base. And the studios saw how much money that those movies were making and knew that they needed to tap into this audience. They needed to follow that trend as Hollywood always does. But that takes time. It's like turning a battleship, right?


So after, usually when you wanna find out where a trend came from in terms of movies, just look back five years earlier, because that's how long it takes to develop and make a movie and release it. So five years earlier, before 1982 was 1977, hello, star Wars. So that's what they're all reacting to in the summer. Okay. Let's talk about what films actually came out the summer of 1982. So there was Tron, there was The Thing, The Thing, Blade Runner, The Road, Warrior Conan, the Barbarian Star Trek, the Wrath of Khan. And what about et et Poltergeist?


How many of them were original screenplays and and how many of them were based on books and or comics? Well, I would, I mean, there are two ways to answer that question. I think of them all as original, because they were not based on, like, today, the, the concept of what's original is very different from back then. Some of them were based on books. Like for example, The Thing was based on a science fiction story called Who Goes There. You know, Blade Runner was based on a Philip k Dick novel called Do Android's Dream of Electric Sheep. Hmm. You know, they were all, ET was completely original. Road warrior was completely original. I mean, it was a mix really. But none of them were based on what we consider today as, you know, popular intellectual property.


You know what I mean? They weren't these huge IP things. They would become those, but they weren't them. And so to me it's, it's very telling that in one summer you had all of these fresh, bold, original ideas, which is sort of the exact opposite of where we find ourselves. Right. Where we are Today, right now. Yeah. Well, this book is a fun read because you give a lot of behind the scenes history and people love hearing those stories about like who was thought of to cast for who, and then who ended up getting the role, and then some of the fights and things like that. But the stories that I love the most are the stories behind the writing of these, these stories that are enduring stories that we love.


Take us back to when Steven Spielberg was conceptualizing ET at the time, he was considered the Golden Boy. He was like the IT director in town at the time. Yeah, yeah. He had just done jaws, which obviously was a massive hit, and he could really do anything he wanted after that. So he, he decided to make close encounters. And the reason I bring that up is that it's in a way, sort of a cousin, a pretty pretty close cousin to, to this movie, et you know, you've got this really promising young director dealing in science fiction, and in a way he sort of legitimized it right with him and him and Lucas sort of legitimized the genre by making really great movies and what was seen as a very populist, maybe low genre.


And, you know, with ET that was really a story that he had been carrying around for a long time, really since his childhood. He had a very lonely childhood. His parents split up and he never really understood why, only understood much later. And I think he felt like an ugly duckling at school. He was Jewish in, in an area that wasn't, you know, didn't have a very large Jewish population. I think he felt like a, you know, like an outsider and, and a lonely outsider. So created, you know, these sort of pretend friends and ET is really the outgrowth of that story. I mean, it's as, as great as a science fiction tale as it is. It's also this really sort of touching story about growing up in the suburbs alone.


You know, you've got your, your siblings, but really, like, it's a broken home. It's a broken family, but there's a lot of love there. And it's, it's, you know, he had this story inside of him and he is told it a couple of times in various ways, most recently with the Fable Men's. But like he, he's, he taps into his own life, which makes the stories especially resonant and personal. He also had a screenwriter who wa really brought a lot to the project, and that was Melissa Matheson. She had written The Black Stallion, and she was dating Harrison Ford when they were making Raiders the Lost Ark. And that was the movie that he made right before et And while they were on the set, they met and he knew that he needed an emotional sort of assist on, on this, on the script for et.


'cause the initial, the initial screenplay didn't have some of these. It was very different. Yeah, it was very different. Yeah. In what way? It was, it was more of a horror story, really. I mean, it was, it was about a group of aliens that are left behind. At the time it was being called Night Skies. And it was a darker story. And he, in fact, he actually hired a writer to sort of pursue that. He hired John Sales a great screenwriter to, to sort of go down that path. And he wrote that script. And I think by the time he delivered it, Spielberg had had a bit of a change of heart and realized that he wanted it to be a more emotional, sort of kinder, gentler story for kids.


The Way you say it In the book is that what came of that is where that story Night Skies ends is where ET begins. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's a, it's a great making up story. And Spielberg, you know, I I am especially fascinated by him at this period of his career because he is having so much success so quickly, and he's really working at the height of his powers. He has all this energy. He's go hopping from one project to the next. He's sort of this unstoppable force of nature. And Yet someone did turn down et initially an executive. Yeah. I mean, that's, that's a great story too.


I mean, he had a deal with Columbia to make ET there, and they had signed on for the scarier, darker version because they wanted this sort of hard science fiction, dark story from the director of Jaws that they could sell, right? Yeah. And then he told them that he was shifting it in a different direction, you know, into the softer story. And when they read the script, they just said, this is a wimpy Kids Disney movie. We can't, we don't, we're not interested in this. We're not interested in this. And, and they basically said, you know, we are gonna not make this movie.


And, and they put it in turnaround, which means that another studio, if they paid what Columbia had invested in the property already, they could take the picture. So Spielberg called up his buddy at Universal Sidney Scheinberg, who had worked with him on Jaws, and he said, look, can you write a check for a million bucks to take this project? I really wanna make this movie and Columbia's not gonna make it. And he was like, yeah, of course. So what's interesting is that Columbia made a huge mistake, obviously 'cause ET became the biggest movie of all time, and they retained 5% the film's profits. But the funny thing is, and the ironic thing is, is that Columbia just from their 5%, that made more money for that studio, for the studio that year than any of their own homegrown movies.


So, I mean, they really screwed up. Spielberg also wrote Poltergeist, which is about a young family that's visited by ghosts in their home. And at first the ghosts appear friendly, but then they get more sinister and it turns nasty, and they start to terrorize the family before they kidnap the youngest daughter. In this scene, I'm about to play a medium named Tanina, played by Zelda. Rubenstein tells the parents of the little girl that the spirits won't leave their daughter alone. Let's listen, There's one more thing. A terrible presence is in there with her.


So much rage, so much betrayal. I've never sensed anything like it, I don't know whatever was over this house, but it was strong enough to punch a hole into this world. Take your dog away from you. He keeps Carol, I am very close to it. And away from the spectral light, it lies to her. It says, things only a child can understand. He's been using her to restrain the others to her, it simply is another child.


To us, it's the beast. That was a scene from the 1982 movie Poltergeist written by Steven Spielberg. And we'll get to the director situation a little bit later. But Chris, is it true that Poltergeist and ET were kind of like two sides of the same coin? They Were kinda like an embryo that split into twins. Yeah. Okay. That's a better way to put It. The good and the evil twin. Yeah. Yeah. They both sort of emerged from the same idea. It's interesting, the movie began as a science fiction story about an alien visitation and how the aliens terrorized Polter Guys. Yes. Yeah, exactly. And along the way it sort of evolved into the story about, about Spirits the supernatural.


And, you know, I think that's probably a good thing. I don't know that, that Spielberg would've wanted to have two science fictions in the its movies in the same summer. Well, How did they even, how did it even come to be that they both came out the same summer? Because I don't think I've ever heard of that before. Yeah, Spielberg, I'm, I'm telling you, Spielberg at that point in time was this prolific Energizer Bunny who just wanted to wake up and go to a movie set, shoot a movie, go to bed, repeat the next day. And so for him, making ET was obviously a full-time job, but he had this great idea and he wanted to make it now.


So, you know, director's Guild rules prevent someone from directing two movies at the same time. So he signed on to Poltergeist as just the producer. He also co-wrote the script, but, so he really had two movies going at the same time. And, And he hired a director, is it Toby Hooper? Yeah, Toby Hooper. Yeah. He had directed the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, which, you know, anyone who hears the title immediately thinks that that's the most sort of Satanic movie that's ever been made. But it's really a work of art. You know, it's, it's, if you're into genre cinema, Texas Chainsaw Massacre is a, is a Work of art.


It's a beautifully made movie. It's been inducted into the Museum of Modern Art. You don't have to Yeah. It, I don't have to Sell You in Texas Chance. but it's funny to hear it in that same context. It's a work of art. He, he really, it's a great movie. And I think a lot of movies makers at the time really thought that he was someone to, to bet on Toby Hooper, but There was a bit of a, you know what, yeah. What would you call it between Toby Hooper and Steven Spielberg, because Steven hired him to be the director of Poltergeist. Right. But really, he never directed it. Well, that's, that is a question mark. Okay. I that there's a lot of speculation about this.


Some people who were involved with the making of the movie feel that Spielberg Spielberg was on the set every day, but three days of the making of, of Poltergeist, even though he was just a producer. There are a lot of people who say that he really took over the directing of the film from Toby Hooper. Maybe Toby Hooper wasn't up to directing such a big major studio movie, or that he didn't have a forceful enough personality to sort of make the movie the way it should be made other people say that. No, Toby Hooper did direct it. It seems to me, after the people I've spoken to and what I've read and, and that all facts sort of come down on the side of the Stephen Spielberg was a very hands-on producer.


Mm. And Stephen Spielberg did not help himself out by making some statements at, during the time of the film's release, implying that he was a much larger, He had a much larger role. He had a much larger role in directing the film than, than he may or may Not. He wanted credit for It. He did. And I think that's what it boils down to, is that that was a story that, that really came from him. And I think he had a hard time giving up credit Because he said about Poltergeist, he says, Poltergeist is what I fear and ET is what I love. One is about suburban evil and the other is about suburban Good. And both of these stories live in my heart.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's, that's exactly it. And I think, you know, they are two sides of him. One is the Mary Prankster who used to like, you know, scare the wits out of his sister. And the other one is someone who's interested in making heartwarming, you know, entertainment for kids because he, deep down, he is a kid. And, you know, I think that Poltergeist or the, the sort of scandal that erupted from it over this people, two different people taking sort of credit as the director, was really the first public black eye that he had ever gotten. His career had been charmed up to that point, and it's been charmed ever since.


But there was this, this brief hiccup, right, where he had a bit of a public relations nightmare on his hands About these movies. Did he ever share with you the impact of that year or those movies in particular about his career and artistic choices from that point on? Yeah, I mean, I think he told me that, that et is is one of his most personal and favorite movies. And he also mentioned the fact that working with the kids was really the highlight, including a very young Drew Barrymore. That's right. And it really, he had been sort of a, a loner single guy for a lot of his life.


And making this movie with these kids every day really sort of made him want to be a dad, which he's done several times over since then. Our guest today is author Chris Nadi. We're talking about his new book, the Future was now Madin Mavericks and the Epic Sci-Fi Summer of 1982. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh


Air. This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill, whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated, registered broker dealer, registered investment advisor, member, SIPC,


New from the embedded podcast. Female athletes have always needed grit and talent, but for decades, they've also needed a certificate. There Was chitchat about is that really a woman? And even now they're still being checked and questioned. Their story is the newest series from CBC and NPRs embedded. It's called Tested Listen wherever you get your podcasts.


Okay. So tell me if this sounds like you, you love NPRs podcasts, you wish they weren't interrupted by sponsor breaks like this one, and you want to support NPR R'S mission of creating a more informed Public. If this does sound like you, then it's time to sign up for perks across more than 20 podcasts with the NPR r plus bundle, Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org.


There's also the emerging technology that I'm really fascinated by. 'cause when we think about the sci-fi and fantasy genre, so much of the visual is really dependent on the ability to articulate visually all that's happening. Tron is a really interesting story that you write about, but there was this movie in 1979 called The Black Hole. Mm. So it was Disney's Stab at Sci-Fi. Yeah. Like to try to get at the Star Wars magic. And it was a dud, right? Like Yeah, It was. Well, yeah, it was a dud artistically. It was certainly a dud. Commercially, I think it probably broke even, but it certainly wasn't the result that Disney was looking for without a doubt. You know, it's funny because Lucas and Spielberg reportedly brought, I mean, Lucas rather brought Star Wars to Disney.


Yeah. You know, when he was trying to find someone to, to bankroll it and they passed, They passed, you know, but, you know, They got it later. They got it later eventually, right? Today They overpaid. Yeah. But it's funny because he Got the last laugh there. Yeah, they did. But Disney at the time, you know, we think of Disney as sort of like this monolithic movie studio now that's sort of like the Alpha dog. Yeah. Among all of them. But back in 1982, this was a studio that was really on its last legs. It was, you know, and What was it holding on? Was holding, 'cause you talk about the executives at that time period. Yeah. They were really of another generation. They Were. And they were all sort of still living in, in Walt Disney's shadow.


You know, he, he had died in 1966 after presiding over, you know, the biggest animation powerhouse in the history of movies. You know, Disney was just the, the greatest studio that you could imagine in, in the forties and fifties. And, but by the, you know, the seventies, it was just a place where they were, you know, releasing re-releasing old movies, you know, like, oh, you wanna watch Snow White again? Here it is. Bambi. Yeah. Bambi, for example, which I know you saw in the summer of 1982. In 1982, that was actually a movie that was out during that year.


That's right. It was, you know, they put out a lot. They were released a lot of those, those golden age movies. But in terms of like fresh ideas, this was not the place to go. And agents knew that. It's not like they were gonna like shop, shop, go to Disney to, you know, to get a good deal. Disney was notoriously cheap and they weren't making good movies. And so they knew because of Star Wars, that this was their chance to get into the, the major studio sandbox and try to make some money. And they had this property, the black hole, and they rolled the dice on it and paid a lot of money to make it. And it just, It didn't do that well, It didn't do that well. Well, a couple of years later then there's Tron Yeah. Which is about a computer hacker who is abducted into the digital world.


What did Disney learn from the Black Hole that then maybe helped them with the success of Tron? Yeah, I mean, I think it learned that it has to gamble in order to stay alive. And yes, black Hole had been sort of an unsuccessful gamble, or at least a push. But they knew that this is the way they had to go in order to stay relevant and to stay in business. And so when it was time for Tron to happen, they didn't fully get the ideas that the director of Tron, Stephen Lisberger had in mind for this movie, because it was made in a very radically new process, which is called Backlit animation, which makes, you know, the images look like there's, they're backlit by Neon.


It was trying to to look like video games. It Was, yeah. And, and, and in a way it was perfectly timed because, you know, if you were a kid at that age, at that time, video games were, you know, it, they were it, yeah. I mean, we used to go to the arcade with a roll of quarters and just spend the day, spend the whole day there playing Defender or, you know, centipede. It was a glorious time. And they tried to cash in on that with this radical idea, which with an almost experimental movie. And, you know, in a way it was too ahead of its time. It was too perfectly timed because that audience would eventually be there.


People would eventually go to see these movies about video games, but not, they weren't ready yet. They Weren't ready yet. They weren't ready yet. So Tron was not as successful as yet. It was a break even movie. It Was a break. Wait, is it true that Disney used so much power, it caused a brown out in the city of Burbank to help to film this movie? That's right. They had to, the way they had to light a sound stage in order to make this digital process work required a huge amount of lighting. So much so that in Los Angeles, the, the precinct that they're in, there was a brownout. And the, the Power company had, you know, had to go to Disney and, and be like, you gotta cool it.


If you're just joining us, my guest is writer Chris Nadi. We're talking about his new book, the Future Was Now Mad Men Mavericks and the Epic sci-Fi Summer of 1982. The book Chronicles an eight week period in movie history when eight science fiction and fantasy films were released within eight weeks of each other. It charts how these films helped set the stage for high concept films with a rabbit fan base, merchandising pula and sequels. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh Air.


Hey, I'm Robert Smith from Planet Money. And this summer we are bringing you the entire history of the world, at least the economics part. It's Planet Money Summer School. Every week we'll invite in a brilliant professor and play classic episodes about the birth of money banks and finance. There will be rogues and revolutionaries and a lot of panics Summer school, every Wednesday till Labor Day on the Planet Money Podcast from NPR.


If you are hearing this, that means you haven't gone sponsor free with NPR Plus, join us on the plus side for awesome podcast perks across more than 20 NPR podcasts, including bonus episodes behind the scenes content sponsor free listening, and more. Learn more and sign up@plus.npr.org and never hear this promo again.


Every weekday. N p's best political reporters come to you on the NPR Politics podcast to explain the big news coming out of Washington, the campaign trail and beyond. We don't just wanna tell you what happened, we tell you why it matters. Join the NPR Politics podcast every single afternoon to understand the world through political eyes.


You know, I'm thinking about this time period of 1982 in the context of today, and there's so many remakes and reboots, and we're used to them coming and going. And some of them are really good and some of them are not. You write about Star Trek and the attempt to remake a movie that was made a few years before 1982. So, star Trek, as we know, was a show, and then a movie was made in the late seventies. It was horrible. Right? Yeah. It wasn't that good. I, I think it's horrible. Yeah. And people did not like it. Yes. Yeah. And then studios decided though that it still deserved another chance at a movie.


Yeah. And so there we had Wrath of Khan, which was a success. So much so that 40 years later, I mean, the franchise is still a success. Yeah. What happened during that time period to really actually save it. Yeah. It's, it there, we really probably still wouldn't be talking about Star Trek if it wasn't for the Wrath of Khan, the second movie that did come out in the summer of 1982. It's, it's interesting because the first Star Trek movie was made because, you know, paramount had the sort of rights to this franchise because of the TV show. And they had been playing the show with William Shatner from the sixties in syndication.


And it was, you know, doing Yeah. It was doing really well. Right. I mean, people loved it had this cult falling and people really liked it. So they, you know, they knew that this was a, a real potential gold mine that they had. Why not turn it into a movie? So they did in 1979 with Star Trek, the motion picture. And it's terrible. It's got really great special effects, which were cutting edge for the time. Now look a little cheesy, but the movie is just not good. Yeah. It's long. It, it, it doesn't have any of the things that we wanna see in a Star Trek movie, especially after that long hiatus from what, from the TV show. You wanna check back in with the people that you love, Spock, you know, Sulu Ali, you know all these Clark.


Yep. You really wanna like, see the interplay between them. And it's really, it's just this excuse for a lot of expensive special effects and the story's lousy. And so the movie, it did okay. It actually made money the first one because, you know, the merchandising and all of that. And people were curious, but no one liked the movie. Even Star Trek fans did not like the movie. Critics certainly didn't like the movie. What made them wanna do it again? They tried again with Raton 'cause they made money on it. Yeah. And they saw the potential. They didn't want, like anyone else, they didn't wanna leave money on the table. They thought there might still be some life in it, but if they did a second one, it was going to have to be made differently.


I mean, the first one went way over budget and it just, there was no real quality control on it. So I think they felt that they should do a sequel. It should be made less expensively. So there was less exposure and they needed to have more quality control on it. And so that's what they set out to do. Now the problem was, is that Leonard Nemoy Spock probably the most iconic character, you know, well maybe along with Kirk in, in the whole show and the whole franchise. Nemoy did not wanna come back. He hated the first movie. He had sort of a love-hate relationship with the character, even though it was the most iconic thing he had ever done. It was something that he didn't like being, he felt like a, like a, an tage And you can't have a movie without him.


You Can't, I I don't see how Yeah. And so they had to really woo him to get him involved, you know, but it was really one sort of nightmare after another on the making of this movie. And it's, it's just feels to me like a terrific story. Especially if you're, you know, a Star Trek fan, which I am. I think that this movie delivers everything you want from a Star Trek movie. It's got a great villain in Con played by Ricardo Monteon. It's got the effects, don't overwhelm the, the movie, but they're very good. The story is terrific. It's about grappling with age and mortality, something that all the actors were doing.


And It sounds like all of the actors and everyone involved were really, they were really motivated to make sure that this one was good. Yeah. 'cause they, they had already experienced that really, it was traumatic for them to Yeah. To do it the other time. I mean, it's, Yeah, it's The Thing that they're identified with. Right. And to put out a, you know, a lackluster version of it after 15 years away from the TV show, it really stung. So they wanted to get a doover, and that's what they got with Wrath Ethicon Members of the cast that year, that summer then went on to go to Comic-Con. Right. Yeah. And I, I think this is so fascinating when we talk about just the fandom that then grew and built from this time period that we know today.


So Comic Con was just over a decade old. Yep. Right. During that time period. So much money is put into fandom and merchandising and other types of things. And in reading your book, I just wondered if the success of 1982 was more about teaching Hollywood executives how to cash in versus the art of it. We did have art that came out of it, but what is your takeaway? You, you stopped short of Yeah. Bringing down like the lessons learned from that time period. Yeah. I mean, I'd like for people to maybe draw, maybe that's laziness, but I do, I like people to draw their own lessons from what happened.


My big takeaway from this is that, you know, there it was about cashing in, but at the same time, the reason I like this story is because it really parallels what's going on with Hollywood right now. Okay. You've got the studios under threat. Okay. Now, right now the studios are under threat from the streamers and a lack of theatrical attendance after Covid, it never really picked back up entirely. There's still movies that are doing well, but as a whole, the industry is, is sort of soft right now. And the studios are freaking out. And the same thing was going on in 1982. There was obviously Change of Foot because of Star Star Wars, and they all needed to get into that game of making event movies.


And they didn't know how to do it. Or if they did do it, they, those movies were so expensive that they really needed them to hit. Now I feel like in 1982, the studios were really creative and took Gambles to get out of the hole they were in. Okay. They made movies like the ones that are covered in this book, which regardless of whether or not you like them, you know, I obviously love them. But regardless of whether or not you like them, they are ambitious. They make statements, they're well made, they're original. And right now, I feel like that's the exact opposite of what's happening in Hollywood.


I feel like the studios are sort of curling into a fetal ball and hoping that the world, like all of these problems just disappear and blow past like a tornado. And that they won't get too devastated during the tornado. And I just don't think that's the right way to The One take the opportun, take the moment of opportunity. Right. And also though, the one difference is they had Star Wars as a proof of concept. Yep. And Jaws as a proof of concept. But what is the proof of concept today to say, here's The Thing that you should take the leap on? Well, I think that it's streaming and I think that, you know, a lot of, there are a lot of big studios and giant companies that are betting on streaming and are going to fail.


I think that they think that the Netflix model will work for all of them and that there will be room for all of them at the table. And there won't, there's just no way that, that the environment can nurture and sustain seven or eight different streaming services. You know, people are not going to pay an invisible $10 a month for eight different services forever. You know, so We'll see a Constriction. I think so, yeah. Will that make our choices better? I doubt it. It never does. Monopolies never, never make your choices better. I think that, I mean, I don't wanna get too, you know, gloom and doom about it, but I do think that the studios are going to have to get smarter and more creative and riskier about getting out of this situation that they're in.


They need to make better movies and they need to get people to come to the theater. And it's not by making sequels and prequels and sidel and whatever, you know, it's just not, it's gotta be something new. It's gotta be an Oppenheimer or a Barbie, and it's, those need to come out more frequently in order for a rebound. But The Thing, I like about 1982 is that there were movie studios being run by people who weren't in different businesses. You know what I mean? They weren't cogs in a conglomerate. They were being run by people who loved movies.


Not all of them, but I mean, you get my point. Like there's, there was more Less of a business Decision. It felt like less of a business and more of an art. Well, this was really fun going down memory lane and also learning all of this background information that we didn't know about these movies that are enduring movies that, that still stand the test of time. Chris Nati, thank you so much. Thank you for having me. Chris Nati is a writer, editor, and former film critic for Entertainment Weekly. His new book is called The Future was Now Madman Mavericks and the Epic Sci-Fi Summer of 1982. Coming up, rock critic Ken Tucker continues his series of albums celebrating their 50th anniversary this year with Too Much Too Soon from the New York Dolls.


This is Fresh Air


These days. It can feel like the news is fighting for your attention wherever you turn, but staying informed shouldn't be a battle. Everything you need to navigate the stories that matter to you is at your fingertips. The NPR app cuts through the noise bringing you local, national, and global coverage. No paywalls, no profits, no nonsense. Download the NPR app in your app store today, or you can go to npr.org/app.


Truth, independence, fairness, transparency, respect, excellence. This is NPR. Hey, this is Elsa Chang from NPR, where we practice active listening. You know, when we're interviewing someone, we're not just throwing out questions at them. We are listening to the answers, following up, trying to make sense of things so that you have an opportunity to be an active listener too. Keep listening with NPR This is Fresh Share and as part of the summer series on albums celebrating their 50th anniversary rock critic, Ken Tucker is reviewing the New York Dolls' 1974 record into Much too soon.


It was the second album by the band fronted by lead singer David Johansen. The New York Dolls are now considered to be one of the forerunners of punk rock. But as Ken explains, in 74, it was sometimes a lonely situation to be a Dolls fan. Well, when I woke up this morning, boys, I was gone. My asked me, where do I come from? Put my up in mirror my, I know I get outta here.


I can't back I I down. Of all the albums I've talked about during this 50th anniversary album series thus far, the New York Dolls in too much too soon is the least known and least appreciated. I know this partly from experience. The vinyl copy of it that I possess was given to me 50 years ago by my friend, the novelist Tom Dehaven, not as a gift, but as something he wanted out of his house. Take it. He told me, holding it at arm's length, I hate it.


He said at the time, this second album by the Dolls was receiving rapturous reviews, minimal sales and audience indifference, bordering on hostility. The album thrilled me and I still grin upon hearing the opening goofiness of the Dolls version of Archie Bell and the drills. There's gonna be a show down. Say, man, they tell me you are pretty good. Don't you know you're in my neighborhood? They tell me you are pretty fast on them feet. You best be in the dance down on 14th Street. You hear up? Yeah.


It's not hard to hear why many people did not dig the New York Dolls to begin with. There's David Johansen's taxi cab honk of a voice as New York as the band's name, while he later went solo as a witty crooner under the stage name Buster Poindexter as a doll, Johansen was all about singing to compete with or compliment the clattering chaos of Johnny Thunder's garish lead guitar. And now you walking just like a 10 foot tall, I Don't get shot.


In New York City, the dolls were the bridge between the atonal moodiness of the Velvet underground that preceded them and the terse noise of the Ramones who would follow them arrogant, sloppy, and plagued by substance abuse. The band was a slap in the face. No one's idea of a smash hit at a time when John Denver and the Eagles topped the charts. Paul Nelson, the pioneering rock critic, turned a and r man, had to spend months convincing his bosses at Mercury records to sign the band. Ellen Willis, another inventor of rock criticism, wrote in the New Yorker about being blown away by the band in the lower Manhattan space. That became their launch pad, the Mercer Art Center describing Johansen as a quote, 19-year-old bizaro in his rumpled Prince Valiant hairstyle, lipstick, high-heeled boots and leather pants radiating a suky sexuality.


The high point of this album is its final song, human being. It's poignant that the dolls would feel they had to tell us that they weren't freaks or superheroes, but plain old humans rapping the sentiment in their fiercest rock music. The Thing to be First self title album had been produced by Todd Rundgren in hopes of giving it some pop music flare.


For the second album. The band made a surprising choice. Shadow Morton best known for his work, writing and producing sixties hits like Leader of the Pack. For the Shangri, he turned out to be great for the group playing up their hard rock swagger while also highlighting the sense of humor that could get lost in the noise, steering them toward material like Sunny Boy Williamson's 1950s blues hit. Don't Start Me Talking, going Down a road. Mae I Less than a year after this album, the Dolls broke up in a combination of commercial failure and personal misbehavior.


The best summation may have been offered by the late Paul Nelson. When asked why he worked so hard to get the Dolls a record contract, it was a wondrous thing. He said, to see a group play, rock and roll with the enthusiasm of five people who felt and acted as if they had just invented it. Rock critic kin Tucker revisited the 1974 album Too much too soon by the New York Dolls. Tomorrow on Fresh Air, Britney Howard, she became known as the powerhouse singer and guitarist fronting the band, Alabama Shakes. Now she has a solo career and a new album called What Now we'll talk with her about her new album, writing and singing breakup songs, and how her life has changed.


I hope you'll join us. 1, 2, 3, 4. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Sam Brier, Lauren k Crile, Anne-Marie Baldonado, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Challenor, Susan Adi, and Joel Wolf from with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


Hey, it's Aisha Roscoe from NPR R'S Up. First podcast. I'm one of thousands of NPR network voices coming to you from over 200 local newsrooms across the country. We bring all Americans closer together through free and independent journalism, music, politics, culture, and so much more. The NPR Network, what you hear changes everything. Learn more at npr.org/network.