
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit capital one.com/commercial member fdi.


Hi, it's Terry Gross. Before we start our show, I wanna take a minute to remind you that it's almost Giving Tuesday, which is so named because it's become a day of expressing gratitude by giving money or any kind of help to an individual or group or organization that matters to you. We've found a way to turn Giving Tuesday into Giving and getting Tuesday. If you subscribe to NPR Plus in return, you'll be getting special bonus episodes from a bunch of NPR podcasts. These bonus episodes are available only to NPR plus subscribers on Fresh Airs Bonus episodes you'll hear hosted, curated timely interviews from our archive every week. NPR plus members also get to listen to all NPR podcasts without interruptions from sponsors. And the subscription is a tax deductible donation. It's a win-win. So join us@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org. Or you can always make a gift at donate dot NPR dot org. Thank you. And thanks to everyone who's already supporting us. And now on with the show,


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley. And today my guests are Malcolm and John David Washington. The brothers collaborated on the late August Wilson's The Piano Lesson for the screen on Netflix. It's the fourth play in Wilson's American Century Cycle. A series of 10 plays that captures the Black American experience. Through every decade of the 20th century, Malcolm serves as the director and John David Stars is the brash, impulsive, and fast talking boy Willie, who wants to sell the family piano to buy land in Mississippi that his family was enslaved on. The family battle ensues between Boy Willie and his sister Bernice, played by Danielle dead Weiler, who wants the family to hold onto the piano, A family heirloom engraved with their ancestors' faces.


The production of this film was a family affair, the brother, sister Katya, and their father Oscar winning Denzel Washington, our producers and Denzel, who starred in co-produced and Wilson's Fences has committed to adapting Wilson's plays into 10 films. Their Mother, Pauletta Washington even appears in the movie, starring as Mama Ola The Piano Lesson is Malcolm Washington's directorial debut for a feature film. And John David portrayed boy Willie in the Broadway revival of The Piano Lesson. He's also starred in several films including Spike Lee's Black Klansman and Christopher Nolan's, time Travel Mind, bender tenant, John David and Malcolm Washington.


Welcome to Fresh Air. Thank you for having us. Hello. Yeah, thank you. That was quite an introduction. I was like, whoa. Well, I wanna get right into our discussion about the film by playing a clip. And the story takes place in 1936. Bernice played by Danielle dead, Weiler Liz in Pittsburgh with the piano. And her brother, boy Willie played by you. John David is a sharecropper in their hometown of Mississippi, and he's driven up to Pittsburgh in hopes of persuading Bernice to sell. And their uncle played by Samuel L. Jackson explains why Bernice won't do it. He speaks first. Let's listen. Bernice ain't going to sell that piano 'cause her daddy died over it All.


That's in the past. If my daddy had seen where he could have traded that piano and for some land of his own wouldn't be sitting up here. Now he spent his whole life farming somebody else's land. I ain't gonna do that. That was My guest today, John David Washington with Samuel L. Jackson in the Netflix film, The Piano Lesson, directed by my other guest, Malcolm Washington. And you know, this is such a black American story that endures, that yearning to pass down items of value up against this very real and often desperate need to sell for practical reasons, or in boy Willie's case to gamble towards this American dream of owning land.


and I. Wanna start by asking you, Malcolm, what was it about this story that you felt was not only enduring, but an urgent one that needed to be retold now? Yeah, I think, I think it's really, really, really important for people to learn their history to both ancestral and, and just culturally know where you come from and, and acknowledge it. Because we're living in a time where people are, are cha are trying to rewrite history or, or erase people from history and, and their contributions. So it's kind of incumbent upon all of us to reclaim our stories, you know, and, and proclaim them and declare them who we are as a people, who we are as a culture and identity.


All these things are, are super urgent to, to reclaim. You also wanted to bring a modern touch to this and I mean August. Wilson is one of the greatest playwrights of our time. So I mean, this material is just right, but I can imagine that's also intimidating, possibly. What was your first step in bringing your director's touch to What is well established material? Yeah, it was intimidating, but it was also very exciting. The first step was putting this in a context, right? A historical context, understanding the, the moment that the play was written in, the moment that it's speaking to that the, that it's set in.


It was about learning as much as I could about August Wilson his, his considerations as a, as a writer. Who he was as a man, where he's from, what he stood on, his belief system, understand all these things about him and his intentions so that you can kind of pass it through the prism of yourself and, and bring your voice to it, but always trying to serve this kind of bigger thing. John David, in the scene that we played, you were in character with Samuel L. Jackson, who actually originally played Boy Willie in 1987. And in this film he plays the uncle to Bernice. And boy Willie, his performance, it's quiet, it's contemplative.


He exudes kind of like this wise knowing as he watches you. And for me it was a little bit emotional. I'm, I'm like going through this moment where I'm looking at all of our actors as we move through time and they age. It was just emotional to watch, knowing his history with the character. Right. What was it like for you to watch him watch you both in the Broadway version and in this movie? That's, that's an interesting observation because I, I think that was happening for me too. Just his relationship to the play, which he's been, you know, very public about and where like, what he represents as a black African American actor in this industry.


There was, there was a lot of things working at the same time. Well, we can start with the word intimidating, right? Start there. You know, pressure filled is some words also that come to mind when thinking about or reflecting about my experience, particularly on stage every night saying these words that he's perfected, that he helped sort of erect and, and, and get to Broadway. You know? So there was a lot of pressure there, but I, I felt so encouraged because of how he supported us. He was a great resource, you know, all of his experience in the art in this industry. He was, he was very forthcoming about, he shared Mm. And I didn't know at the time how that was gonna help me with the character necessarily.


But as I've, as I gradually got into it and, and grew into the character, I realized how much, how beneficial it was for me to hear those stories and infuse that into the motivation of getting this thing as true as possible. He was supportive of you guys talking to you about like the industry and the craft, but like, did he talk to you about this character or did he kinda leave that to you to interpret it? Things that were working, he would comment on like, I never thought to do it that way, or I never thought about it this way. And he said that, and, and if you know Mr. Sam Jackson, he's a tough critic. So any kind of positive feedback from him is like, I'm, I'm taken to my grave if I ever work again.


I know Sam Jackson liked the choice I made. You know what I mean? So, so in that regard, yeah, he, he, he was very, he was influential in, in my encouragement of I'm on the right track. I'm really curious, John, David, why do you think actors in particular are drawn to Wilson's work kind of as a way to deepen their craft? I'm thinking about all of the actors that are really well known today who have gone through and done this, these plays. Courtney b Vance, James Earl Jones, Viola Davis, your father, Denzel, so many others. What is the gravitational pull?


I, I think so often we have to dig when we find good, really good writing, great writing, we still have to dig these names you're talking about. We have to dig, we have to find it. You know, we excavate, we, we research and we have to meet a lot of the, the writing, the really good writing somewhere, August Wilson comes to us and it's a relief when you get a voice that is yours when you get a voice that is somebody you're related to. When you get an experience that both a a 50-year-old, 70-year-old man, a 20 to 40-year-old man have, there's so many spec specific moments in our culture that he accurately depicts.


I'm talking about when every n word is properly placed. Mm. You know, it's, there's, there's magic to that, to be honest. So those, that gravitational pull you speak of, it's, it's almost like a relief call. If we meet August Wilson with our best and most honest self and experience, you will come out a different actor. Your names Malcolm and John David. Where do those names come from? I can kind of guess with Malcolm, but I wanna be sure. Well, I guess I'll start 'cause my mine's a little more controversial, if you will. Yeah. I found out later. What I mean is I'll explain. So John David, from what I thought known until I was about 17, was my Uncle David, my great-grandfather, John.


One, one night after a, a victory. It was a high school football game and we beat our rivals and we're one game away from state championship. We're very excited, we're all happy, we're home celebrating and just screaming out loud on how, how great of a victory it was. And my father won. And, and his joy in great glee, he says, that's why I named you John David after John David Crow a football player. And the record scratched because I guess that was the first time my mom heard that. Definitely. The first time I heard that, I didn't mind it. That's cool. But mom was like, what? And then she got quiet and it's, it's interesting how quietness can, can bring on like, more anger than yelling, you know? And you could tell she, she was disturbed by that a little bit.


She was like, but Denzel, I thought it was named after we Uncle David, your brother and, and Grandpa John. And he kind of like, yeah, yeah, but, but he's like, no, but the truth is really, it's a combination. Yeah. So they, they had, they had different stories on it. They had different, different, different stories. Yeah. Malcolm X, is that who you were named after or not Actually, no, no. I'm named after. He's a cousin of mine, but he's, our, our dynamic and age is, he's like an uncle. My, my cousin Malcolm from Eden, North Carolina. Alright. Right. Pickups to Cousin Malcolm. Yeah, I noticed. And John David Crow, by the way, trophy John.


Exactly. Don't leave John David Crow crowell. Right? That's right. That's right. Both cousins. Right, right. You know, I noticed how in interviews both of you guys, you kind of say it offhandedly, but you, you regularly rep Los Angeles as your hometown and I wanna know, what does it mean for the both of you to identify, not only is Angelenos, but you know, you're black Angelenos, and then you also come from like a very privileged section of that then as well. I mean, how did growing up here influence your art and your taste? I, I love LA so much. I think LA's just an incredible city.


There's so many amazing cultures that come together there that it's like, it's a place that's both a physical place and metaphysical and that when people think about, like, there's an idea of what LA is, and then there's kind of a lived experience of what LA is. So I like that it operates on a couple different fronts. I think that it like functions kind of like how Pittsburgh functions in, in our story, The Piano Lesson, where it's a, it's a place, especially for black people. It's a place where in the great migration, so many black people came in search of opportunity to build a new life, to build themselves up. So it's a, it's a place built off of the, not only the hopes, but the labor of dreams.


You know, like somebody had to build that place. and I, I think that it lives in it, it lives in that, you know, You know, as a kid growing up in the nineties, your father Denzel, spike Lee, Samuel L. Jackson, I'll even throw in like Eddie Murphy and just so many people, they played such a big role in the construction of Black Pride for so many, myself included. And I'm just, I really wanna know how that felt internally to grow up among it. And in it, like, was black history and black pride also something that your parents instilled in you in the way that like, just to the public, they were instilling in all of us?


Absolutely. You know, I grew up with such a strong consciousness, and you gotta remember, like, I'm, I grew up in the era of my dad having played Malcolm X, you know, so I identify with Malcolm X as a figure, I identify with that, that that part of, of our story. And growing up in LA in the nineties post LA uprising, you know, where black people are, are ha have a voice. They're fighting for something. They, they're believing in something. They're saying something. I connected to that so much so that, that it's like how boy Willie says, you know, I was born in a time of fire. It's like, I, I feel that too. You know, I, that resonates with me. Mm. From both the, the creative artistic movements that were happening at the time, the political movements that were happening at the time of people declaring themselves and who they are at the time.


And, and so all of those things live in me. and I'm, I'm happy that my parents had such a pride in our culture, have such a respect for it and, and instilled that in us. Yeah. John, David. Yeah, it, it, I'm thinking, I was just thinking about your question in my childhood, you know, my first time I played Pop Warner football, tackle football is Baldwin Hills. And you know, Baldwin Hills is a neighborhood in Los Angeles for those who don't know. Yeah, Yeah, that's right. And, and, but yet I was going to school in the valley, you know, and you know, I, I remember the first time I got chased down by some Crips, you know, in Los Angeles with a friend of mine.


You know, remember at first time being asked where, where you from? You know, and where, where your mama from all that, like, there's a Kendrick part of it too. He's like, well, where your mama stay, where your grandma said, I've like, I've experienced that before, you know, at, at Magic Johnson's movie theater. So what would You tell people? Because I mean, were you saying, oh, I'm Denzel Washington Washington's sun? I would absolutely not say that. You know, it was funny, like, and it was depicted in the wood. Like the character says, I'm from North Carolina. I would say that I'm like, I'm actually, I would deny where I, I would deny where I was from and say I was from another state a lot of times. But I, I, I forget why they were chasing us at one time. It was a friend of mine that started, started stuff. You know why? I do know why, actually, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna call them out here. But, but I think about some of those memories of, of my LA experience because it, it is, it is an interesting one because of the blends of cultures that I, I was able to experience, you know, going to private school yet playing ball Baldwin Hills, having friends and lived in different neighborhoods.


You know, I just got a, a full course meal and diversity Yeah. And how to navigate. I mean, that is definitely an experience. Well then, well, and that what helped me with that navigation was sports, was, was, was athletics. No matter where you're from, like they respect you. If you put work on, if you put in work on the field or on the court, it, you actually become more interesting to that person that may be not from the same background that you're from, but, but you, but you're a killer on the court, on the field that they know that you, they have you, you have their back and they can trust you. There's something about that, there's a universal language in sport and athletics that really helped me with my identity and help me sort of course correct and navigate relationships I had from people that weren't were from where, where weren't from where I was from.


Sports is a unifying force. Force for sure. It also is like really high pressure and I mean all jobs are performances, but like sports and, and the creative space, particularly acting like a bad sports play or a bad acting performance could make or break a career. Right? I mean, both of you seem to thrive from that pressure. What is it in you, in the both of you that maybe thrives from that pressure? John, David. Hmm. Thrives from that? Well, I'm still kind of living, I don't know.


Yeah. You're one bath performance. Yeah. You say it like that. Like this could be, well, I mean, a lot of it, this, this felt like life and death for me. I don't mean to get too dramatic, but this project, the play specifically, I knew on the other side of this, I'm gonna find out about myself. and I did have these real conversations with myself and my publicist that if this, if this, if I fall, I don't know if I get back up from this really, you know? And why, why? I did feel like well be, because of how powerful and how important and how, how we hold August Wilson's words and, and his artistry and being on the boards as they call it on Broadway, you know, there, there's a lot more respect. There's a different kind of respect you get from your peers, from, from the community at large that are in the artistry.


If you can actually act, I've said this before, I liken it to a rapper. I've been able to work with the Dr. Dres and the Pharrell's and the, you know, the Timberlands of the world as producers. But like, can you actually rap? Do you have bars? Mm. And that's what this, this was going, that's what I needed to find out for myself. And so I felt a lot of pressure in that way. How do you make yourself comfortable with rejection? Through repetition. I've had plenty of, plenty Ofop I've plenty of experiences of, of, with rejection. I'm very familiar with rejection. I've almost gotten comfortable to the point of where it becomes almost like an impervious feeling. And so my whole life we're talking about, you know, our l la upbringing and stuff like it, it does feel that I felt like I, I might not have been able to be seen.


I got rejected in my real personality sometimes. So I felt like I could hide it or I can filter that through those feelings, through sport, through activity to enact my, my resentment that build up for how I was, you know, how and my interactions. So rejection is a byproduct of pursuing what you love and what you love doing. I wanna slow that down a little bit. That resentment that you're talking about. What do you mean when you say that? So, if I got judged by somebody because they knew who I, who I was related to where I was from, I felt like I can, I can introduce them or reintroduce them to, to, to me. I can reintroduce myself as this athlete on the field or as this actor on screen or stage.


I don't necessarily use that as motivation anymore, but I did, and, and I found that I found success in it, and I found my identity in that, that I, I was finding respect from people from My outside of your father's name. Yeah. Yes, exactly. Our guests today are director Malcolm Washington and actor John David Washington. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Saatva founder, and CEO Ron Russon shares the experience they hope to create in their viewing rooms. We want our customers to feel like they've walked into a luxury hotel. That's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started. We take sleep very seriously. We believe it unlocks a superpower. If you get the right sleep on the right mattress, we believe we can provide that. Visit SA tva.com/npr and save up to $600.


This message comes from Capital One, offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services, all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank. Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities@capitalone.com slash commercial. A member DIC


This message comes from Carvana with Carvana value Tracker. You can track your car's value anytime, anywhere. Carvana will even let you know when your car's value changes with updated emails, however you value your car, know it's worth with Carvana value Tracker


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley. And today my guests are director Malcolm Washington and actor John David Washington. The brothers collaborated on the late August Wilson's The Piano Lesson for the screen on Netflix. It's the fourth play in Wilson's American Century Cycle. A series of 10 plays that capture the American experience for black people through every decade of the 20th century. Malcolm Washington has produced and written several short films. The Piano Lesson is his directorial full length feature debut. John David portrayed Boy Willie for the first time on Broadway and now plays him in the film. He also starred in several other films including Spike Lee's, black Klansman, the mystery comedy thriller, Amsterdam and Christopher Nolan's, time, travel Mind, bender Tenet.


John David. You were a pro football player with the St. Louis Rams in the early two thousands. You also spent four years as a running back for the United Football League, Sacramento Mountain Lions. But when you were playing pro, you got injured. What happened? I tore my Achilles and yeah, ruptured it on my right, Achilles. And that was it to retirement. And that's when I transitioned into acting. Yeah. I opened audition call for a football player for a show called Ballers. They were, they were auditioning football players all over the country. And, and that was my way in. Is it true that you showed up with like your cast or boot or something to the, to the HBO ballers audition?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. With a boot on pain pills. So I was very relaxed, to say the least, and, and had my first audition with Sheila Jaffe. Well, ballers, it's great. You were phenomenal in that, for that to be like your first major role, your character in Ballers had this attachment to his college number 18, and he had all of these attachments, his, his first championship, his plays, his accomplishments that were like, they were like steps. They were like a process to get, you know, to for his identity. And it's what you're talking about as far as you forging your identity.


What was that process of letting that go and turning towards that new thing, that new identity, that identity that you kind of were running from, with, from your father's identity, but now you were stepping into it as a, as a novice Okay, doctor. Yeah, it's, well, it, it was, it was, you know, these collaborations that I've been able to experience these, some of these sets, the, some of these films I got to be a part of and, and these giants I've gotten to work with where I revere so high, I think they're, you know, Hollywood gods, you know, and them giving me the confidence in myself, them wanting treating me like a colleague, you know, trusting my instincts, picking me for a reason, and, and, and the way they used me, literally the way they've edited me in their films and the way they've, you know, like, it, it's, it's small things, but the, there's a couple moments in Black Klansmen that were happening just naturally, I was just going riffing and Spike used it, you know what I mean?


Like, he just, he just, he put it, he put it in the film. And so it's one thing to tell you trust, and you, you know, they trust you and all that. But then they used it in that way. I was like, oh man, I, maybe I am enough. Hmm. And that really helped me, my confidence going forward. Do you remember the lines that you ad-libbed for Spike that got left to end? Oh yeah. I believe we can, with the right white man, we can do anything. Yeah. I think the line originally was with the right man, or we can, we can, we, I think, I believe we can with the right man and I added with the right white man, we can do anything, Which is really apt for this story. Yeah. It was so appropriate.


It just came out. I don't know where it came from. I just did, I just said it and kept it because I think in my face too, you could tell like, I'm just in it. Like, I I, it was just like a flowing thing. And he u he used it. I couldn't believe it. Yeah. That also happened in Tenet, right? Christopher Nolan's film for Tenet. You, you did a couple of ad libs and things that he was really impressed with. Well, he, I got a laugh and I would've lived with that. I can, I can go to my grave. No. and I made Christopher Nolan laugh and a line that I contributed to, you know, and he, we did it a couple more times, did it differently. But, but same, in same line. And he used it. There's other, other times too, where the, there was another scene that, you know, some emotional stuff started to happen.


And, you know, I got, I don't know if outtake was for me, I was just, I just felt something. And he used it in a, in a massive closeup. I was like, oh my God. Like, I can't believe it, you know? So, and, and it was just, you know, he was again telling me throughout the process that he trust my instincts and like, I you for a reason. But he, he also used it in the film. So, and he showed me what he meant. I guess he showed me what he meant, you know, with, with the, with some of those scenes. So, you know, and that was kind of the process of, of me like, you know what, okay, yeah, I can, I can, it's be, I'm better served to go another route in my motivation than that was the other one. The other stuff is Bad Fuel.


Malcolm, you, you got to be on the set of Tenet, right? Or you, you visited the set. I did visit, I visited for an afternoon. You laugh. I you gotta tell the story. It was kind of an emotional experience, right? It was so dope. It was so dope. I'm a big Chris Nolan fan, you know, and our, our generation of, of film goers, he's like, you know, one of those guys. We came, you know, from following Memento, like all, all of them. We, I watch all of his films and know them, know them well. And he's has, he creates worlds, you know, so when you visit his set, it feels like you're in his world. Like everything just looks like, like if, if there weren't shooting there and you opened your eyes there and you found yourself there, you'd be like, this feels like a Christopher Nolan movie.


It, it just is just, you know, dripping in his personality it feels like, and his aesthetic. So it was really exciting to go and see my brother at work. And when I got there, there was a woman called Ariel that I, I worked with. She went to a FI with me. She, she used to production design my shorts actually. So it was really crazy being in a Nolan set with Ariel, who's assistant art directing and my brothers on set. And, and they're shooting in this like, shipping container, so you can't really see anything. They're just like people in a box and you kind of get this feeling that something's gonna happen and some, a monitor emerges and I get to see it, see some of the stuff on that they're shooting and I like, they ho to frames up the camera and I see my brother doing something probably really mundane.


It was like, you were like opening like a door or something. It was like buried, like nothing was happening. And he frames up and I hear, I hear Chris Nolan say my John David's name and gives him a note. And I just burst into tears. 'cause it was like, whoa, this is like, it just hit me like a ton of bricks. Like this is, this is a kind of moment that we've been thinking. Like when we, when we lived together, we dreamed together too. You know, we talked about That's right. We talked about wanting to do stuff like that, you know, wanting to be in a movie like that. That's right. So when he, seeing that image and hearing those sounds and knowing that world and everything just kind of converged on itself in that moment. and I have, you know, somebody from my film school right next to me and she put her hand on me and was like, it's okay.


and I was just like, this is like, this is too much. It was just overwhelming. It was so overwhelming. I feel like you didn't, you break down when we all kind of stand, like after the scene, we were all standing together. I didn't know I didn't break down. You didn't break down, but you got embarrassed because, so, so they shoot and they, they walk out, they break for lunch and they all walk off the set and I like, jump in front of Chris. I'm like, yo, thank you for your contribution. Because I'm like, you know, I'm some, I love movies. Like, I really love this stuff, you know? So the people that make movies that make me feel something, or think about like, they mean a lot to me. Like, I feel like I owe them something. Yeah. You know? And, and these films feel like they become yours as an audience member. It's like, that's my, like, that was my, like, I watch Phantom Thread and The Master, I'm like, you know, these are my movies.


Right? So, so when I see people like that, I tell them, I'm like, yo, thank you. Like, thank you, thank you, thank you for everything you've done. and I did that, but it was like, not that moment. Like everybody, everybody's at work. Like they're trying to get to lunch and I, look at John. David just drops his head, like dog like, nah man, I just, nah, not right now. Mr. Nolan's trying to get his ribs. Okay. He's trying to get, they got ribs today, sir. What are doing? He's like holding the monitor. Like, like, I appreciate it, man. But, but can you step out the way Excuse my younger brother, please. Yeah. Yeah. It was so funny. It was so funny. But he was gracious. Thank God. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Our guests today are Director Malcolm Washington and actor John David Washington.


We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Capella University. With Capella's Flex Path learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


The marketing for the movie Wicked has been inescapable. There's all the green and pink merch, and Ariana Grande and Cynthia Arrivo have been everywhere. But does the movie live up to the hype? We know you've been waiting for this one. We've seen Wicked and we have thoughts and we'll get to them all, including some weirdly heated opinions on defined gravity. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR.


Take a moment to unwind and give thanks. This week with NPRs all songs considered as listeners share their favorite songs of gratitude. This song speaks to me. And the basic thing is everybody turns, turns and lands in the place that they need to be. Download new episodes of all songs considered every Tuesday, wherever you get podcasts there.


This is Fresh Air. And today my guests are director Malcolm Washington and actor John David Washington. Both of you have had experiences on of being on set with your parents. John David, I think you've told stories about being on the set of Glory and also Philadelphia, right? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yes, I have. What do you remember the most about those experiences? Well, like, like I, I'd like to echo what Malcolm said. I mean, movies are, I might take it too seriously. Like, I mean, they're a huge part of my life. They, part of my upbringings, some of these movies, you know, helped raise me. You know, I, I had the, the blue suit I got for Christmas.


I, I I want for, for Christmas one year. All I wanted was the blue suit and the new VHS Glory tape. 'cause I broke it because I watched it so many times. How old were You when you wanted that? Yeah, I think six, maybe six. Something like that. What was it? 80, 88, 89, something like that. So yeah, it, I I but on glory, I, I, yeah, I've told this story before where I remember being on set. I, I might've been five or something like that. And this, the directed by Edwick. There's this huge sequence, this battle scene at the end, the 54th is marching, marching over the, this fort that they have to take. And I think we're in South Carolina and, you know, there's, it's a lot of sand traps and sand dunes. And it's like explosives and, well, I guess fireworks and fake, fake fake explosives power NICs.


And we were sitting, I somewhere somewhat in the distance at Video Village and it's, it's night out. All you could see is darkness. And then the light coming from this, the, from the fireworks and the light, kind of like the opening beat of our movie. And you see, I see my dad coming from the ashes, comes up over top of the hill looking all dirty and heroic in this blue suit. And he says to me, John, David, you wanna come on set and I geek up. I look at my mom and she shakes her head. She didn't even say no, she shakes her head. No. She didn't even say no. It was, I was, I was devastated. That one hurt a lot. And I, I remember that so specifically. Like, I don't, I couldn't have been more than five years old.


and I did She say why? But what did she say why you couldn't Go? So I, I'm, I'm, it's coming up on Thanksgiving. When I see her on Thanksgiving, I'm gonna ask, 'cause I never, it never occurred to me to ask her why. Yeah. But I'm thinking she's gonna deny that happen. She's gonna deny her saying no, she's probably gonna say it's something else happened. Yeah. You know? Right. To blame you, to blame me. Or Pops and I know Pop Pops was, he was, I remember Dad wanted, my dad wanted me there, so, so yeah, that was a, that was a great memory. But that one, that was one of my favorite films of all time. So yes. Yeah, that was a great, great memory. Did You get the blue suit? I did. I did. Did you wear it in like play? You know, You know, you know what's Wild suit? Yeah. Is the, the woman that made that suit was a costume designer on that film.


Her name is Francine. Miss Francine. Miss Fra, miss Francine was our costume designer on on on The. Piano Lesson Crazy. Oh yeah. So it was like full circle moment. That's pretty amazing. You were, you were gonna mention Philadelphia too. You were on the set of Oh, oh yeah, Philadelphia. I remember being I in some of the courtroom scenes for and I, I believe one time I got the yell action Jonathan de yell. Lemme yell. Action. That's cool. Yeah, that was, that was really, really cool. There's a story that my dad tells though about that movie. That's one I've been, I've been watching that a lot lately. It's one of my favorites. I think it's one of my dad's most underrated performances. It was incredible. I think you can't get Tom Hanks' performance without what my dad did.


They just worked hand in hand. It was remarkable work. Yes. And he talked about this story with Jonathan Demi, how there's this big scene, and it was, it was sort of in a, it was a wide shot of him kind of explaining the point of the film. He, the, the, the, the lines goes along, like, along the lines of let's talk about what this case is really about. All about the general hutcher, the general public's hatred, our loathing, our fear of homosexuals. And that hatred and that fear led to a particular firing of my client, Beckett, Andrew Beckett. And he talked about that scene. 'cause it's such a powerful monologue in that moment. And then, you know, the, the, the moment that happened, he said he did a cartwheel first before he entered the approached the bench.


And what was so interesting about that story is Jonathan Demi didn't judge him. He didn't question him. He said, oh, that was interesting. Hmm. And then they had a laugh afterwards. 'cause Pops was saying he just wanted to know how, like that he, he, if he could trust him, that he just, that he has freedom to do stuff. He's obviously not gonna do a cartwheel, but like, do you trust me? and I thought that was so interesting because in that film, Jonathan, Demi and he are having the same language, that character, I could feel the trust in the edits and, and the way he was captured in that film. And that story sort of depicted the feeling that I, I get from watching my dad in that film. So I thought that was a cool story that, that pop shared with me some insight. That Is a cool story. And I'm wondering how it informs your acting, your process when you are on set with others and like you're building that trust too, you know?


Well, I don't think I'll ever need a cartwheel to, to test the parameters of our trust, but Well, you, you do some questionable things too. You be, you be barking. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true. That is true. What's the barking about? You know, we about to shoot. Oh boy, he just starts barking like crazy right before we start shooting, like, right. Sound camera rolls. What's that about, John, David, what is it about To, I I, that's a good question. I don't know. I mean, to break up the, the, the how precious this is sometimes to, you know, what it is. What I love about acting is the examination and exploration of this, of this psychological life of a human being to, to, to, to play human beings and, and explore that.


And there's something about making sure you're alive and well, checking in on yourself before you get into this thing. That's this thing we do. Hmm. I I think that's part of it. Some of it is to take away from the stiffness. Some of it is to take away from, or to add that this is fun. You know, it's, a lot of it is for me to make sure I, i I am aware and then make sure I'm not thinking at all. Do not think, try to be in the moment. So a lot of that, some of it, but I don't know, I don't have a definitive answer for you If you're just joining us. My guest today are John, David and Malcolm Washington. We're talking about their new film, The Piano Lesson. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh Air


Holiday travel is stressful, especially if you're dealing with family baggage on top of your actual Baggage. I'm going home, I'm going to revert back to old family roles that are stressful. And so this traffic jam is the straw that's breaking the camel's back. But don't worry, we're here to bring you some relief. Listen to the Life Kit podcast. We'll help you out this holiday season.


It's almost Thanksgiving. And if you're hosting this year, how well do you know how to cook the main event? A Turkey In the grand scheme of things, not actually that hard. There's just a couple little things you have to keep in mind. Requires a little bit of planning ahead On a new episode of Life Kit. We talk Turkey, listen wherever you get your podcasts. Thanksgiving was a national holiday created in the middle of the Civil War to unify a country that was split in two. Learn about the origins of Thanksgiving and how the unity and division that we see at our Thanksgiving tables was there from the very beginning. Listen to the Throughline podcast from NPR.


This is Fresh Air. And today I'm talking to Malcolm and John David Washington. The brothers have taken on the late playwright August Wilson's play The Piano Lesson for the screen on Netflix. Sure. I wanna ask you guys about something else, and I wanna see if I can formulate it right, but like, how do you deal with the heat of fandom and desire? Because I mean, your dad, for instance, is not only a great actor, you're already laughing, but your dad's already al already know. Of course he's a great actor, but he's also like every mom and every auntie's crush. And now Finding, finding every generation Right. Or Something. Finding every generation.


Right. And now you guys are continuing the torch. I actually just picked up an LA magazine and John David, you're on the cover looking like a sex symbol, you know? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Let the people know. Oh boy. Just let him not know. Okay. Let's, I'm just curious, But what's the question? That's it. Period. No, like period. What did, like, I'm wondering what did your dad teach you or what lessons did you learn from watching him when it comes to navigating that energy and that heat that like throngs of fans throw towards you? Because I mean, I can't even imagine what your dms might be like, you know, oh My God, who's listening to this?


This is, let's keep it p no, it's, it, it like, honestly, what, what I think about childhood memories, you know, my, my dad bringing home a trumpet, you know, I remember him, he dyed his hair red, getting ready for red and Malcolm X. Yep. You know, I, I, I, there there's, there was him walking me around the streets of New York reciting Shakespeare when he was getting ready for Richard ii. You know, so I, I've always been, you know, fascinated with that. My mom sat down and played a number, a classical number on the piano without reading the notes, the notes. You know, it, it's, it's, I think about that getting, you know, of, of, of that really. I think that's the relationship, that's what was being taught. It seems like it was always, to me, it's always been about the work. That's what they both teach us. They both teach you that, but like, there's no denying that.


There's also that other thing. and I just wanna know how you navigate it, both of you. I think that they just like, they were so protective of, of themselves first and, and us as well. You know, like they kept, they always just highlight, like keeping the noise outside. and I think that heat and desire that you're speaking of can be that noise, you know? And, and I think that we all just live very kind of meaningful private lives. and I, I don't have that heat and desire in my dms. It is, it is. So I don't have to deal with, you know, I don't have to deal with it in the same way John David does as a, as an actor and his face out there all the time.


But I think that they just Weren't you on gq? Wasn't there a GQ thing that weren't you lip perfectly with your well moisturized lips and I was moisturized and the goatee and the hair was herring. It was a, it was a full beard. Oh yeah. The braids were braiding. Yeah. Okay. But, but for real, but for real. I, I think it's just like the, the kind of focus and protection of your peace and yourself and not kind of getting swept up and, and all the other stuff. They made it clear too that like, this is theirs. Y'all earn, y'all gotta earn yours. You know what I mean? It's like, it, it's, it's them taking us to school. It's my dad coaching us. You know, like we, we, we were living somewhat of a, I think a normal life because that's, that's the environment they set.


We celebrated Christmas. We, we would go trick or treating on Halloween. You know, it, it was, it was a lot of that going on. You make such a strong point. And it's beautiful to see, but every chance you get, you remind people that you're the sons of both Denzel and Pauletta and They be trying to erase my mom crazy. It's more a reaction, I guess. Like we, we love our parents, you know, we, we love both of 'em. And, and I, I, you know, what saddens me sometimes about that is like, man, just like the, the, the role that mothers play, that black women play in our culture, that black mothers play. It's like such a crucial one. And they're, they're often such a, it's such an overlooked position sometimes.


Like, people don't give them their flowers. So yeah, we're gonna give our mom our flowers. Like we, we love her. She's done so much for us. And, and, and to piggyback on that, to celebrate the woman she was before she was a mother, before she was a wife, you know, both my brother and her have their masters in the artistry. The only ones in the family that do so like, it it, that's important to me too. And we both carry that with us when we approach the art. That's part of the reason we love it as well, knowing that she's an artist in her own right. So it, it's, it's to to to piggyback on what you said, 'cause I think that's, that's a, that's a great point about women. Yeah. What's her reaction to you guys making that statement and stating it so clear?


'cause as a mother, I just always smile. Like, I want my children to be speaking my name out in the world like that, You know? Yeah. And can you imagine, you know what I mean? Can you imagine? It's like they've got into like an impossible situation, you know? It's like my dad growing up first in Harlem and, and then Mount Vernon and just kind of like where he's ascended to in, in his, you be claiming Harlem like that. Yeah. What you mean here? Harlem. Harlem, yeah. And then, and then God forbid he meets somebody from Mount Veon. Yeah. Then it's like, what's Harlem? You know? But, but yeah. You know, I'm, they, they both, they both overcome and made such incredible lives for themselves and I and I think we carry pride of, of coming from, from such strong, you know, people that, that that live a purposeful life.


Yeah. John, David, the older you get, the more and more you sound like you're dead. Do you guys get confused at all in listening? Like on the phone or No? No. I used, I used to, yes. I used to call the house. I used to call the house. And of course you have that, that thing with your, you know, when you're, when you're 16, 17, maybe staying out a little late Yeah. Or something. Or the report card came in, it wasn't perfect. And you call the house and you're like, oh, I hope, I hope my sister picks up. I hope my brother picks up. And John David would pick up, but he would sound just like my dad. Hello. Oh my goodness. I would get my, I would stand straight up where I was at. Dang. Guess I can't deny it is always been like that.


Yeah. Do you think you'll adapt any more of August Wilson's place? You know what, I think that there's a really wonderful thing happening now where so far there's three films. There's been three different filmmakers and three different voices that have come to them. And they, each, each of the films kind of reflect the voice of the filmmaker so far. Like my dad with Fences, Mr. Wolf, with, you know, he's an incredible theater director. And, and I think that you can see that that talent at work in Ma Rainey, my, my voice is different from theirs. and I think you see that in, in piano lesson. So I hope that for the, for the rest of them, they continue to get varied voices from different, different backgrounds and different kind of points of view and, and let this whole thing be a much larger kind of project where you look back and it's this tapestry of black artists working in this time connecting to this seminal texts Malcolm Washington and John David Washington.


This was such a pleasure to talk with both of you and thank you so much. Yes, thank You. Thank you for having us. Yeah. Great conversation. I appreciate it. Malcolm and John David Washington, their adaptation of August Wilson's play The Piano Lesson is now on Netflix on tomorrow's show, I Gershwin wrote some of the best known lyrics in the American popular songbook, including Love is Here to Stay.


S wonderful, fascinating rhythm. Embraceable, you and I've got a crush on you. We'll talk with Michael Owen, author of Ira Gershwin, A Life in Words, and we'll listen to some great music. I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at npr Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our senior producer today is Roberta Shorrock. Our technical director is Audrey Bentham. Our engineer is Adam Stanski.


Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Annmarie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren k Crile, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producers are Molly CV Nesper and Sabrina Seaward. Susan Yadi directed today's show with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from Anthropic Meet Claude Anthropics AI assistant that elevates your entire organization, securely connect your company knowledge and empower every employee with expert level support. Learn more at anthropic.com/enterprise.


This message comes from PNC Private Bank, whose steady calculated approach to wealth management might sound boring, but the outcomes are anything but PNC private bank, brilliantly boring since 1865. PNC Bank National Association member FDIC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, REI co-OP REI has gear, clothing, classes, and advice for camping and glamping, biking and hiking. Axing and snacking. Visit your local REI co-op or RE i.com for the million and one ways to opt outside.