
This message comes from Capital One. Your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services backed by the strength of a top 10 commercial bank. Visit Capital one.com/commercial member DC


This Is Fresh Air. I am Dave Davies. Charlie Chaplin is a legendary figure of American cinema remembered for silent films, such as modern times about the alienation of factory work and the great dictator, a talking picture in which chaplain satirized and imitated Adolf Hitler. But Chaplain also led a colorful and controversial life beyond his film career. Today we're going to listen to Terry's interview with writer Scott Eman about his book, Charlie Chaplin Versus America When Art, sex and Politics Collided. It's now out in paperback, eman writes about chaplain's affairs with younger women, a paternity suit in which he was falsely accused, and the FBI's investigation into his alleged communist ties.


Among other things. When Chaplain went to England in 1952 to promote a film, his reentry papers were revoked, forcing him to spend the last 25 years of his life in exile. Scott Eman is also the author of books about John Wayne, Kerry Grant, John Ford, and Cecil b Demill. Kerry spoke to him last fall when his book Charlie Chaplin Versus America was published in hardback. Scott Eiman, welcome to Fresh Air. I found this book really interesting. I didn't realize how controversial chaplain was and how many different agencies had investigated him, the FBI, the CIA, the Immigration and Naturalization Service, the post office, the House on American Activities Committee.


So his most controversial film was the 1940 film, the Great Dictator. This was a satire of Hitler. It was a, it was made a year before the U US entered World War ii. What was controversial about ridiculing Hitler? Well, he started shooting the film in 19 September, 1939. It came out in October, 1940. At this point in history, America is a isolationist country, as is Congress. Hitler was not our problem. The Jews of Europe were not our problem. If Hitler took England, we would just have to make a separate piece, and that would be the end of our problem. Chaplain believed otherwise, as did Franklin Roosevelt.


As a matter of fact, Franklin Rose Roosevelt was one of the few people in America that wanted the film made. Nobody in Hollywood wanted the film made because in the latter part of 1939, anti-fascist films were very, very few on the ground. But he was basically bound and determined. There's a letter in the book from Jack Warner to Chaplain. Jack Warner had just had a meeting with Roosevelt in the Oval Office, and Roosevelt had brought up chaplain's. This is the Jack Warner is in the Warner Brothers Company. Exactly, yeah. And Roosevelt had heard the mutterings about chaplain making an anti Hitler satire, and he brought it up to Warner that he certainly hope Chaplain was going to go ahead and make the film because he thought it would do a lot of good.


And Warner wrote a letter to chaplain reporting his conversation with the president and said, if, if President Roosevelt believes it'll do a lot of good, so do I, I hope you go and make it. Charlie. He didn't offer to help in any way, but he was passing along the story. He didn't really need to pass along the story. Chaplin was totally committed, but nobody wanted that film made. The British Foreign Office didn't want the film made because Neville Chamberlain was the prime minister and he was attempting to appease Hitler unsuccessfully. Obviously the American Congress was totally isolationist. So it was a, and the industry, also the American film industry thought it was a dangerous film to make, but Chaplain basically ignored everybody.


The Nazi representative in Los Angeles was a man named George Gling, and his job essentially was to strong arm anybody that wanted to make an anti-Nazi picture by writing a threatening letter or two or three. And he wrote a threatening letter to the head of the Motion Picture Association, a man named Joe Breen inquiring us to chaplain's plans to make this film about clearly manifestly about Hitler. And Breen reported back that he'd asked Chaplain about it, and Chaplain said, well, there's no script. There's no story, there's no nothing. And if indeed Breen did call him about this, chaplain was lying through his teeth because three weeks later he started building sets to make the film.


So he was, he was gonna go ahead and make the film come hell or high water. One of the reasons I think that his studio didn't want him to make the film is that the, they wanted all their films to play in Germany, in Germany was definitely not gonna play an anti Hitler film. And also the Germans for a while thought the chaplain was Jewish. Why did they think he was Jewish? They were obsessed with the idea the chaplain was Jewish. That's a very good question because at one point there was a book published in Germany by a Jewish consortium that included chaplain in a roster of, of famous show business Jews, which was erroneous.


He wasn't Jewish, but he never denied the erroneous charge because he felt it would give Aiden comfort to anti-Semites. And besides that, he liked Jews, so he just went along with it. So most people went along with him because he hadn't bothered to deny it. So what was the impact of the great dictator on Charlie Chaplin's life? The thing about Chaplain is, is that he was going to do what he thought was the right thing to do. He didn't listen to committees, he didn't listen to friends who told him, you're making a mistake. He had a very monotheistic view of his own career.


He, he, he, he the audience that all of us followed him wherever he led, they had followed him into feature motion pictures with the kid and the Gold Rush when people said that they didn't think he could pull off a feature because the character wasn't strong enough. They had followed him into the 1930s when he insisted on making silent pictures after silent pictures were dead and buried. But he made two silent pictures, one city lights. The other was modern times, both of which were huge, critical and commercial successes. So he believed that the audience would follow him where he led, because they always had before. So he doesn't, he didn't really have a lot of qualms about making the great dictator based on if almost 30 years in show business and 25 years in the movie business.


And, and by God, the audience followed him. So America enters World War II about a year after the Great Dictator is released, and once we enter the war, chaplain starts talking about opening a second front on the Russian border. What would that have meant? Just on a technical level? He was completely unconcerned with that. He thought the only way for He, he, he, he didn't get into logistics. He, he believed that Hitler was a, a a a a moral and, and religious and psychological and death threat to Western democracy.


And nothing else mattered except that he to be, to be defeated logistics and military personnel and, and everything else be damned. So he was, he was speaking from the point of view of a concerned citizen, not a military strategist. So what kind of trouble did this get Chaplain in the idea of opening up a second front, The FBI began basically taking down dictation of all of his speeches. They shadowed him. They began surveilling his house to see if any known communists showed up at his front door for a meeting. That was the approximate cause for a, a fair amount of the, the government surveillance over the next couple years.


And that was amplified when in nine, when he got hit with the paternity suit in 1942? Yeah, we'll get into that. So there was a 1900 page FBI file on Chaplain. It's a lot of pages. It's a lot of pages. What were some of the different chapters in it? What were some of the things they investigated about him over the years? You name it, they, it depends on the period you're talking about. Basically At one time or another, he was the target of the entire security apparatus of the United States of America. When they, they would bug his phones at some times, then they would back off on bugging his phones and they would set up perimeters outside of his house to see who showed up at his front door.


They would open his mail. All this took place over a period of eight to 10 years, depending upon how excited j Edgar Hoover was getting. Did he know this was happening? I can't imagine He didn't know. But if he did know, he did not acknowledge it. Did you get access or try to get access through the Freedom of Information Act to the FBI files on Charlie Chaplin? Yes, they've been available for years. Oh, I didn't realize that. So you read them All 1900 pages. It's the very interesting thing is there was this disconnect between Hoover and Washington and the FBI office in Los Angeles. The FBI in Los Angeles was the, were were the man on the ground in terms of surveilling the motion picture industry.


And the head of the FBI office in Los Angeles was a man named Richard Hood. And 'cause Hoover and seldom went to Los Angeles. And every once in a while, Hoover would yank Richard Hood's chain and say, I want you to do this and this and this regarding Charlie Chaplin and see about this and that. And at, at First Hood goes about his business and does what his boss tells him to do. But as the forties wear on Hood begins to drag his feet because by 19 46, 19 47, the FBI had informers in in the American Communist Party, and they had the membership roster and they knew who everybody in the Communist Party, American Communist Party was.


That's why in 1947, when they called the Hollywood 10 to Washington to to be cross-examined everybody in the Hollywood 10 either had been a member of the Communist Party and quit, or was currently a member of the Communist Party. That's because they had the membership roster. So they knew that Chaplain was not a member of the party, had never been a member of the party, and never had given a dime to the party. And if they had thought about it for more than 20 minutes, they would've realized that anybody with chaplain's autocratic leanings as an artist, a man who wouldn't, who, who it was almost impossible for him to delegate anything, would never be privy or a member of a party with a top down autocratic drift.


Because he could not possibly have done what anybody else wanted him to do, because Chaplain had never done what anybody else had wanted him to do. Well, it sounds it sounds like he was a man who didn't like to belong to things. I mean, he liked to make his own films and to lead everybody, but he didn't like to belong to groups or parties or anything like that. He belonged to the Catalina Yacht Club. I I was there at audiology. There you go. He belonged to the Lambs Club in New York, acting a bunch of actors. He did. He never joined the Director's Guild. He never joined the Screen Actor's Guild. No. He was absolutely not a joiner. It had stuff like that had zero interest for him and it meant nothing to him.


Okay. So despite the fact that he was never a member of the Communist Party, he did have friends who were members, and he call him the most prominent victim of the Red Scare in 1950. He becomes a target of Senator Joe McCarthy, the senator most responsible for creating hysteria surrounding people, alleged to have communist ties. And you, you're right, that this turned McCarthy from a back bencher with a drinking problem into a political star. What were the allegations he made against Chaplain? That he was a termite eating away at the Foundation of America and sooner or later the house was going to collapse, essentially the same charge that the investigators at the House committee at unAmerican activities were making against all the people they were investigating.


So what, what, what became of that? Nothing. Basically, because chaplain had never been a member of the party and he'd never actually what's called before Congress. They kept threatening to call him before Congress, but they didn't. and I suspect that's largely because they had all the authentic communists that they could call before communists or former communists that they could call before Congress, whereas Chaplain had never been in a party. So what exactly were they going to ask him? Right. And the FBI found nothing too, in spite of those 1900 pages, did people know that because smears tend to stick with you, it's hard to wash 'em off. So did the charges, did the allegations stay with him even though nobody ever found anything?


Yes. Yes. Because they were consistently spread and re spread and re spread again for a period of over 10 years, 12, 14 years. And, and it was a classic click campaign of disinformation that had no re in most cases had zero relation to reality. There are, there were some hilariously lunatic stories that hit the public prince of the things that Charlie Chapman was supposedly involved in. At one point, there was a story, this is in the late 1940s when the British and the Ergon were, were fighting the war in Palestine.


And it was said that Chaplin was aiding the Ergon and slaughtering British soldiers helping slaughter British soldiers. Well, he, he had nothing, he'd never been involved with the GaN in any way. My favorite of these lunatic disinformation stories came actually after he'd been kicked outta the country when it was printed, that he was going to adopt the children of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg. Oh wow. Who had just been put to death. Yeah. You know, and again, a complete lunacy. But there was this steady drip, drip drip of lunatic disinformation. And gradually the people that were prone to believe it believed it. And the people that were not prone to believe it gradually began to think, well, maybe.


So let's start with the sexual allegations that surrounded Charlie Chaplin. One of the things he got into trouble with was his affairs with young women. And you traced this interest in people much younger to when he was 18 and he was infatuated with a 12-year-old. And when he was like 52 or 53, he had an affair with Joan Berry when she was 22. And she's somebody who had an affair with Jay Paul Getty, who was very, very wealthy. This is the kind of age gap 53 or 52 versus 22 that still makes many people very uncomfortable today.


and I, I'm, I'm wondering if you wanna compare the reaction then to the kind of reaction you think it would get now. Well, it would cause trouble now, no question. It would cause trouble now. I think even people are even more sensitive about it now than they were then. At the time he was going to trial in the paternity suit involving Joan Berry. Just as the trial was getting underway, he married Uno O'Neill, the daughter of Eugene O'Neill, and she was 18 years old and he was 53. So the, his marriage seemed to confirm everything that the, the Hearst Press and the Los Angeles Times press and the Chicago Tribune press, all the right wing newspaper chains were printing about him.


That he was a rue, that he was a degenerate, blah, blah, blah, blah. As it happened, he was married to UN O'Neill for the rest of his life. Very happily they had eight children together. but it seemed to confirm to the public at large that he was what the prosecution said he was. I wanna ask you about the paternity suit filed against him. And this was filed by Joan Berry, the one woman who was 22 when he was about 52. And she was asking for a lot of money in this paternity suit. The blood test showed he wasn't the father, but before the blood test, Barry went to gossip columnist Heda Hopper, who already didn't like chaplain.


Tell us a little bit about Heda Hopper and her relationship with Chaplain. Like, you know, Barry went to the right person. 'cause if she wanted to smear Chaplain, head of Hopper was the person to do it. Head Hopper loathed chaplain for reasons both political and sexual. Head of Hopper was extremely conservative. Head of Hopper was one of the founders of the right wing motion picture group that fomented the the House on American Activities Committee. And she had also been abandoned by an older Rue husband as a young woman who left her high and dry with a young son.


Her young son became William Hopper, who played Paul Drake on the Perry Mason TV series. So this chaplain rang all these alarm bells in her head for reasons both political and sexual, and had a hopper. This was the story, head of Hopper had been waiting for her entire journalistic career. So she called another friend of hers who was a columnist for the New York Daily News based in Hollywood. And they got interviews with Joan Berry and they, they began flooding the Prince with interviews with Joan Berry about how she'd been used, cast aside, impregnated, et cetera, et cetera, by Charlie Chaplin. The Feds got interested and he was prosecuted on the Man Act.


The Man Act involved transporting women across state lines for immoral purposes and was originally passed decades before to stamp out prostitution. Well, chaplain hired Jerry Giesler as his defender, his defense attorney and the jury deliberated for an hour and found him not guilty. Well, that was the end of the Man Act prosecution, and then came the paternity suit. And there were three blood tests and administered by three different sets of doctors. Two of the blood tests proved the chaplain was not the father. The other blood test was ambivalent. So the evidence was certainly on his side, but blood tests were not dispositive in California courts for a number of years.


At this point, we're now talking 1943. And he was found guilty by the jury, not because of the evidence, but because of who he was and his past history, and the fact that he had an affair with a 22-year-old girl, even though he was not the father of the child. So he took this rather amiss. How, how did he respond? Grudgingly, he ap he wanted to appeal the courts turned down his, his appeals, so that was the end of it. So he not only had to pay child support for 18 years for a child that wasn't his, he had to pay the fee of the, of the attorney who Con got gotten him convicted.


Scott Eiman speaking last year with Terry Gross Iman's book, Charlie Chaplin Versus America When Art, sex and Politics Collided is now out in paperback. We'll hear more of their conversation after a break and Justin Chang will review the movie's. Wicked and Gladiator two. I'm Dave Davies, and This is Fresh Air


Support for this podcast and the following message come from autograph collection hotels offering over 300 independent hotels around the world, each exactly like nothing else, hand selected for their inherent craft. Each hotel tells its own unique story through distinctive design and immersive experiences. From medieval falconry to volcanic wine tasting. Autograph Collection is part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio of over 30 hotel brands around the world. Find the unforgettable@autographcollection.com.


This message comes from Capital One, offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services, all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank. Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities@capitalone.com slash commercial A member FDIC.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes car selling easy. Enter your license plate or Vin, answer some questions, and Carvana will give you a real offer in seconds. Whether you're looking to sell your car right now or whenever feels right, go to carvana.com to sell your car the convenient way.


This is Fresh Air. I am Dave Davies. We're listening to the interview, Terry Gross recorded last fall with author Scott Eman about his book on the Remarkable Life of Actor and filmmaker Charlie Chaplin. His book Charlie Chaplin Versus America When Art, sex and Politics Collided is now out in paperback. I wanna talk with you about when Charlie Chaplin was banned from returning home to the U us. I mean, he was born in England and spent his childhood there, but, but he spent, you know, majority of his life in, in the U us. He had gone to England in 1952 to promote his latest film Limelight.


And right before he left Heda Hopper wrote an item in her gossip column saying that he was planning this trip. And then she writes to Richard Nixon, who at the time was a senator from California. What does she write to him? She tells him that something needs to be done and that he's the one to do it. She, she had been a cheerleader for Nixon ever since he got elected to Congress in later the Senate. And his papers are full of letters from head of Hopper encouraging him, excoriating him, nagging him when he didn't answer her letters, she was categorized as high maintenance by any correspondent.


She was, she was a real, a real piece of work, as my grandmother would say. And she was basically trying to foment government action using Richard Nixon as the battering ram. So she wanted government action against Chaplain. Absolutely. Okay. So does Nixon take action on her letter or just file it with the other letters that she's written him? He writes her a placating letter saying, yes, you're absolutely right. I couldn't agree with you more. And then he changes the subject, right, because at this, by this time he's running for Vice president on the ticket with Dwight Eisenhower and he's got bigger fish to fry than Charlie Chaplin or Head Hopper.


And evidently he does absolutely nothing. There's nothing in Ri Richard Nixon's papers to indicate he took any action, whatever, or was involved in the revocation of chaplain's reentry permit. But meanwhile, the Attorney General gets the immigration and nationalization service to open an investigation that leads to chaplain being banned from returning to the U us after his trip to England. What reasons do they give for banning him? The reasons were vague. The, the document, a press conference that the Attorney General gave a week after the revocation mentioned chaplain's, leering sneering attitude towards the United States mentioned his lack of citizenship, things like that.


What was not stated and what chaplain did not know, was that if he had turned around and come back and demanded a hearing to get back his reentry permit, they would've had to give it to him. And he would, they would've had to let him back into the country because, 'cause he'd never been, he'd never been convicted of a crime. Mm. He had never been convicted of a crime. And that was the way that they deported various people that they didn't want in America. Like mafiosi, they would get a mafiosi convicted on income tax evasion and deport him to Italy because he'd been convicted of income tax evasion. They couldn't get him on anything more lethal than that. But that was enough to have him deported.


They could have done the same thing with chaplain except he'd never been convicted of anything, including income tax evasion. And believe me, they had gone over his corporate income taxes, his personal income taxes with fine tooth combs for a decade, and they couldn't find a dime that he'd underpaid. So they actually had no legal justification for excluding him from coming back to the country. Why didn't he ever become an American citizen? Because his, one of his core beliefs was that nationalism was a lethal disease and it led to things like Adolf Hitler and Nazism in World War ii. A friend of his named Max Eastman, who knew him quite well.


Over a 40 year period, a good writer who started out as a socialist and ended up writing for Wayne f Buckley's National Review, said that what people didn't understand about Charlie was that he was born in England and made his fortune in America. And if the reverse had been true, and he'd been born in America and made his fortune England, he never would've become an English citizen either. He simply didn't believe in, in the kind of patriotism that is knee jerk in in most countries. He didn't, he didn't partake of it. He considered himself, his phrase was, I'm a citizen of the world. You said, had he fought the ban on his returning to the U us, he would've been allowed in.


'cause they didn't really have anything on him, but he didn't fight it. Why didn't he? He got his backup. He was enraged, he was furious, and he didn't want to be a guest at the party if he was disinvited. And he felt he had been smeared for so many years. Oh God, yes. Yes. Would he have done this on his own? No, I don't think there's any scenario under which he would've left America on his own. He had a wife, he had four young children at this point with Una. They were all under the age of, I believe, eight. They were all, you know, going to school. He had an infrastructure, he had his own studio and La Brea Avenue, he was part owner of United Artists, a major releasing organization.


And he was 63 years old and he figured he probably had 10 more years. You know, he was, he was not about to leave. And he had, he lived in one house in California for his entire life. He'd been in one house for 30 odd years. He was not a guy who pulled up stakes quickly or easily or hopped around. So he was going to be a lifer in Southern California. The fact that that choice was taken away from him just enraged him. And it's never really been obvious how enraged he was until you read the letters that I found in the Chaplain archives that he wrote to friends like James Ag where he does vent and he's clearly carrying around a load of anger, urging on rage about what was done to him.


Soon after he was banned from returning to the U US there was a campaign to ban his films from theaters. The American Legion passed a resolution urging American movie theaters to boycott his latest film, limelight and every movie in which he appeared. And in their magazine they published a story about chaplain saying his films were a sustained assault on a, on democratic ideals. And that chaplain had long used film as a propaganda medium. And they said modern times is one of the few non-start films constantly shown in exhibition in the Soviet orbit. That was totally false, right? Totally false. None of his films were shown in the Soviet Union until the Gorbachev era because the Soviet Union wouldn't pay the money the chaplain thought they should to rent the films and he wasn't gonna give them to 'em for free.


So how successful was the campaign to ban chaplain movies from theaters? Extremely successful, extremely successful. Limelight was a huge hit in Europe, actually. It made more money than any other chaplain film in terms of European grosses. but it only, it it, a lot of places in America never saw it because the American Legion would show up and picket it and, and tell people going in that they were, you know, being un-American by going to see an un-American picture by an un-American artist. It's a love story basically about the theater has, there's no political orientation to it whatsoever. But they were, they were, they were a Limelight was A limelight was a completely apolitical picture, but they were reacting to, they were still reacting to the great dictator.


They were still reacting to modern times. And the idea of modern times being anti-capitalist, I don't know if you remember modern times, but it opens with the factory workers flooding into the factory in the morning and the production line getting going and the assembly line moving faster and faster and everybody trying to keep up. And then we cut to the president of the corporation who's working a jigsaw puzzle at his desk that's as close to, that's as close to a criticism of capitalism as it went. But that was chaplain's worldview. He didn't see the, he didn't see society at large as evil or as Vamir.


He saw it as indifferent. He, he didn't see, he didn't think society at large was genuine, had had a limited interest in the life of the underclass. And it wasn't, it, it wasn't a character flaw, it wasn't based on money, it was just based on human nature. So by the time chaplain is banned from returning to the United States, few theaters can actually even show his movies. True. Absolutely true. And so he had them pulled from release in America, you Know, for how long? Until 1964. Wow. So it was 12, 12 years was the Li Chaplain. Phillips didn't play in America until 1964. And that when they did it was because he had written his memoir and it was coming out in about a year and they decided to see if the temperature had cooled.


So they booked a a, a season of chaplain films in New York and it turned into the great event of 1964. It played for nine, 10 months, all the films in, in repertory. And as it turned out, the memoir was a huge bestseller as well. So his enemies had died or gone to, gone to Earth, or simply a new generation had taken over and decided that whatever had happened in 1939 and 1942 and 1945 had no relevance in the sixties. Scott Eman speaking with Terry Gross Iman's book, Charlie Chaplin Versus America When Art, sex and Politics Collided is now out in paperback.


We'll hear more after a break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Showtime original series. The agency on Paramount plus the 10 episode spy thriller features a stellar cast including Michael Fastbender, Jeffrey Wright, Jody Turner Smith, and Richard Gere. Following a covert CIA agent whose career real identity and mission are pitted against his heart stream, the agency on November 29th on the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan, visit paramount plus.com to get started.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Audible with Beat the Devil, written and performed by celebrated artist David Hare. Beat the Devil follows Hare's Battle with COVID-19, suffering a pageant of apparently random symptoms, hair recalls the delirium of his illness mixed with fear, dreams, honest medicine and dishonest politics. To create a monologue of furious, urgency and power exclusively for NPR listeners, go to audible.com/beat the devil and use code. Beat the devil to listen for free.


This is Fresh Air and we're listening to the interview Terry Gross recorded last fall with author Scott Eiman about his book, Charlie Chaplin Versus America. When Art, sex and Politics collided, it's now out in paperback. So after Chaplain decides not to challenge the ban against him, returning to the U us, he moves to Switzerland. He has a really good home life with his wife Una and their many children. But you say it ruined him as an artist, how The two films he made after he moved to Switzerland are grossly inferior to the films he'd made amongst all the tumult and controversy in Hollywood in the thirties, forties, and, and even into Limelight in 1952.


Was Switzerland responsible or was age catching up with him? He wasn't that old. He was 63 when he got kicked outta the country. And he was 68 when he made a king of New York and 78 when he made counts from Hong Kong. So that's getting up there. But good films have been made by directors in their sixties and seventies. So whether, whether it was just a lessening of stimulus, a certain passivity in the environment that he found in Switzerland. All of his letters from this period, he talks about how restful it is and how serene it is and blah, blah, blah, blah. In one of Una's letters she says, she says quite the opposite, that he would get claustrophobic with all the snow and he talk about going to Marrakesh just to get to see the sun again.


So, so I think it was a double-edged sword. I think on one end, Switzerland gave him the serenity that he probably needed after 15 years of character, of enduring character assassination. on the other hand, it put him out of touch with what was going on in the world around him and what was going on in America. And there's only so much you can get by reading newspapers. Chaplain grew up very poor. His father was an alcoholic. His mother had mental health problems and was institutionalized. He lived in a rooming house with his father and his father's mistress. And then his father died young and chaplain was sent to a workhouse as an in indigent child.


Just briefly describe what a workhouse was. A workhouse was basically a state run orphanage for children whose parents were either dead or and rendered insane or institutionalized themselves or in jail. And they had no other adult supervision. So the state took them over and chaplain remembered it as a period, not so much of abuse as utter humiliation. He was there for about two years. His brother was also there for a while. He is, Sidney was older by two years and Sidney was very, very close with Charlie and vice versa.


Chaplain allowed very few people in intimately. He was not a man who glad handed, he was not a man who had a lot of people close to him. He kept himself for himself. and I think that was a function of his childhood when he early learned the hard way that whatever society says it's going to do or pretends it's going to do. Essentially you're on your own, especially in Victorian England with a alcoholic father who dies at the age of 37 and a mother who's insane and infected by syphilis. So he was very quickly responsible for his own after, after childhood, he was responsible for his own recognizance, his own meals, his own roof over his head.


And sometimes he had a roof over his head, other times he didn't. So there were, there were times when he lived on the streets After the immigration and nationalization service banned Charlie Chaplin from returning to the U us and he refused to fight it 'cause he felt he'd been so mistreated in the U us and so smeared. He never returned to the U us, right? That was it. He came back to get his honorary Oscar in 1972. Oh On his terms, he, they were giving, they, they, his films were being reissued all over America, all over the world. He signed a deal for his film library and his films were being reissued and he, they gave him an honorary Oscar to make up for the fact that in 1952, basically the entire movie industry had turned the other cheek and ignored the fact that the most famous comedian in in town had just been driven outta the country.


When he got kicked outta the country, three people in Hollywood stood up publicly and said this was a terrible mistake. You know who they were? Who? Sam Goldwin, Kerry Grant, and William Weiler. Everybody else shut up. What did Charlie Chaplin say in his acceptance speech? He was overwhelmed. It was a 12 minute ovation. It was the longest ovation in the history of the Oscars old age is beginning to have its way with him. When you look at it on, on YouTube, he's older, he is frail, he just kind of shakes his head and he can't believe it that after all these years. You know, the funny thing was his son Sidney, wonderful man, gone now, but I I had a long interview with Sidney, oh, 20 years ago probably.


And he said the thing, he said, the thing that you have to understand about my father was he didn't care about the Oscar, he didn't care about awards. Those meant nothing to him. He said, my father's image of himself was as a workman to show up every day and, and work on the script until it's as good as you can make it to show up on the set every day until the scene is as good as you can make it. He said it wasn't about awards, it wasn't even about money. It was about being a good workman, putting in your time. He said that's why he hated to go on vacation. The, you know, they had eight kids in the house and Uno would get restless in the house or the kids would get restless and Charlie, let's go to Ireland, let's do this, let's do that.


And he really didn't want to go. He would grudgingly, but he really wanted to stay in work on his, on his, whatever his project was. He was a a a a compulsive workman. That was his identity. But he came back because it was a business deal and he was making a lot of money and they were gonna give him an Academy Award. And ultimately he was overwhelmed. He was overwhelmed by the response. He was overwhelmed by the love that the audience projected at him for those 12 and 15 minutes compared to the, the, the obli way that he'd had to endure all those years at the end of his Hollywoods period.


It's a very moving scene when you watch it on YouTube. Very moving. So it's, it is a closing of a circle. It really was a perfect closing of a circle. He died five years later. Scott Eman, thank you so much for talking with us. Thank you Terry. It's been a lot of fun. Scott Eman speaking with Terry Gross recorded last fall. Iman's book, Charlie Chaplin versus America When Art, sex and Politics Collided is now out in paperback. Coming up Justin Chang reviews the movie's, wicked and Gladiator two This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Lisa. Good sleep should come naturally and with the new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Plus every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This message comes from our sponsor, Granger. This is the story of the one. As a maintenance engineer, he hears things differently to the untrained ear. Everything on his shop floor might sound fine, but he can hear gears grinding or a belt slipping. So he steps in to fix the problem at hand before it gets out of hand. And he knows Granger's got the right product he needs to get the job done, which is music to his ears. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger. For the ones who get it done,


This is Fresh Air. This pre-Thanksgiving week sees the release of two much anticipated studio movies, Paul Mescal and Denzel Washington Star in Gladiator two, the sequel to the Oscar winning Roman Epic Gladiator while Cynthia Arrivo and Ariana Grande star in Wicked, an adaptation of the Broadway musical fantasy featuring characters from the Wizard of Oz. Our film critic Justin Chang, has seen both Wicked and Gladiator II. Here's his take. Some moviegoers are already referring to Gladiator Two and Wicked as this year's Barb Inheimer. I believe Liced is the Port Manto of choice.


We'll see if the comparison holds up. Both these lavish spectacles are set to be huge hits, but unlike Barbie and Oppenheimer, they're essentially known quantities rooted in stories and characters that the audience knows. Well, wicked was adapted from the long running Broadway musical, which was itself inspired by Gregory McGuire's 1995 novel. But you should know going in that this two hour and 40 minute movie is just part one and there will be a year long intermission before part two, the director John m Chu of In the Heights and Crazy Rich Asians takes a glossy maximalist approach to this origin story for the Wicked Witch of the West, the villain.


So memorably played by Margaret Hamilton in the 1939 Classic, the Wizard of Oz. In this telling the witch's name is Alba, and as played by a quietly commanding Cynthia Arrivo. She's brave, brilliant, and grievously misunderstood mainly on account of her green skin. Much of the movie takes place at a school of sorcery, basically Hogwarts with munchkins where Alphabet impresses the powerful headmistress. An imperious Michelle Yo, it's here. That alphabet becomes rivals with a smug queen bee named Galinda, the Future good witch of the North. She's played with delightful comic Brio by the Pop Superstar, Ariana Grande.


But in time the two become genuine friends. In this scene set to one of Stephen Schwartz's better musical numbers, Galinda decides to give Alphabet a makeover Popular. You're gonna to be popular. I'll teach you the proper place when you talk to police. The way I'll show you what to choose to wear, how to fix your hair, how everything that really counts to be popular. I'll help you be popular, you'll hang with the right course, you'll be good at sports, you've gotta know. So let's start because you've don't be Offended.


Wicked handles the boarding school comedy with a pleasingly light touch. There's also a hint of a romantic triangle involving a handsome prince, a very good Jonathan Bailey, who like a lot of things here, foreshadows Future Wizard of Oz developments In time, we get Jeff Goldblum nicely cast as the wizard himself, who turns out to be less wonderful than he appears. This sets the stage for Alphabet to harness her full magical strength and become Oz's public Enemy Number one, wicked Part one does build to a doozy of a gravity defying Emerald City climax. But much of the movie is too lumbering, too obvious, and frankly too digitally slick to cast a spell.


I hate to say this about a movie that teaches us not to judge based on appearances, but I do wish Wicked looked better. Where Oz has winged monkeys, ancient Rome has deranged baboons. Early on in Gladiator two Lucius, a warrior played by Paul Mescal must prove his medal by defeating a very scary Simeon in the cossum arena. 16 years have passed since the events of the first gladiator, and like that movie Slain Hero, Maximus Indelibly played by Russell Crowe. Lucius is a prisoner scarred by personal tragedy and bent on revenge. His hatred, though isn't just aimed at one person.


Lucius wants to burn the whole rotten empire to the ground. The director, Ridley Scott has reunited with some of his key collaborators from that first film, including the actor Connie Nielsen, making a regal return as Lucila daughter of Marcus Aurelius. Most of the cast, however, is new. Pedro Pascal plays a formidable general with whom Lucius has a score to settle while Joseph Quinn and Fred Heschinger ro up a storm as a pair of twin brother tyrants who are driving Rome to ruin. And Denzel Washington, unsurprisingly gets the juiciest role as ISTs, a sly and somewhat inscrutable slave owner who sends Lucius into the arena.


It's fun to watch Washington go over the top, but his scene stealing is typical of Gladiator two as a whole. It's a lot of flash to very little purpose. Mezcal best known for his sensitive melancholy work in the series. Normal people and films like After Sun gives an intensely physical performance. But his Lucius never lays claim to your sympathies as Commandingly, as Maximus did. And when the characters start talking laboriously about the downfall of Rome and the hope of a glorious rebirth, the movie rapidly loses steam. It's like watching an extended WWE SmackDown suddenly interrupted by a civics lesson.


Still the SmackDown itself is pretty satisfying. In Gladiator two's wildest action sequence, the Colosseum Arena becomes a giant saltwater tank complete with dueling warships and blood thirsty sharks. It's an utterly outlandish spectacle, but Ridley Scott, who's now 86 doesn't sweat the logistics. The first gladiator asked, are you not entertained? And in these moments, at least, we are. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed Wicked and Gladiator two on Monday's show, we speak with Marine Corps veteran Bailey Williams about her experiences as a woman in the military and the pressure she felt to prove her strength and push her body to dangerous extremes.


Running for hours a day, starving herself, binging and purging. Her book is Hollow, A memoir of My Body and The Marines. I hope you can join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at npr Fresh Air. Fresh air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our senior producer today is Roberta Shorrock. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham, with additional engineering support from Adam Chesky, Joyce Lieberman and Julian Hertzfeld. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers and Marie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman.


Our digital media producers are Molly Sevy Nesper and Sabrina Seaward with Terry Gross and Tanya Moseley. I'm Dave Ens.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Betterment. The drama of having an enemy turned lover is never chill, but your investing portfolio should be. Betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances. Their automated tech makes it easy to get in the market and stay in the market. Save the drama for that moment when you realize your mortal enemy is actually your soulmate betterment. Be invested and totally chill. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, progressive and it's name your price tool. Say how much you want to pay for car insurance and they'll show coverage options within your budget. Visit progressive.com. Progressive Casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law.


This message comes from Capella University. With Capella's Flex Path learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.