
99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. I follow the news pretty carefully, but it used to be that when I'd come across an article about tariffs or free trade, I'd give myself permission to skip over it. I assumed it might be boring and that I wouldn't understand it even if I read it. But now, now Trump's tariffs are high drama. They've upended world markets and it feels essential to understand their impact on the US and the global economy, how they might have a long term effect on US relations with our allies and adversaries, and how they'll affect consumer prices. And our savings here to help me and you better understand what's happening, is a journalist who's been covering economic issues for years and recently returned from a reporting trip to China Zani.


Minton Betos is the editor in chief of The Economist. She previously was the magazine's business editor and economics editor, and is a former economist for the International Monetary Fund. We recorded our interview yesterday morning. Trump's tariffs went into effect at midnight and this afternoon as I record this introduction, he's put a 90 day pause on most of the tariffs, but not China's, but who knows what will happen later today our interview is about the context and possible consequences of the tariffs. So it will be helpful in understanding the news. Whatever twists and turns the story takes. Zani, Minton Betos, welcome back to Fresh Air.


Thank you for having me. If Trump were to say, oops, my mistake, I didn't intend my beautiful tariffs to tank the global economy, let's call the whole thing off and put things back exactly like they were with the markets likely recover quickly. Even if he did that, I, I'm sure there would be a, a recovery rally, but I don't think the uncertainty that he's created would go away. I think we've crossed some kind of a Rubicon in the last week or so and we are not gonna go back to the world as it was before. What do you mean by that? Well, you know, President Trump has for decades said that he believes in tariffs.


And he has said that he feels that the global trading system is unfair to America. It's a very long held belief of his. So this whole tariff action of the last week hasn't kind of come out of nowhere. He really believes this, and it's part of a broader sense from this administration, that it wants to radically remake the rules of global security, geopolitics, economics. And so even if, and I don't think he would do this, but even if he did what you suggest and said, oops, this was all a terrible mistake. Who's to say that he won't change his mind next week or the week after or in six months and you can really only go on the best evidence, which is what President Trump has been saying over years and decades.


And that is that he believes wrongly in my view, but he believes that the global trading system doesn't work for America. And he believes that it needs radical change. And I think since he's been saying that for such a long time, we have to believe him. And so I, I don't think that there will be a fundamental shift. I think there will be negotiations with certain countries. I think the markets will affect his calculus, but I don't think we can suddenly kind of wish away what's happened and go back to the world that we had before, quote unquote liberation day. You said that terrors are something that Trump has believed in for a long time and and he recently said that America is being, quote looted, pillaged, raped, and plundered by nations near and far.


What's your take on that high drama description? I think that this view of the world that President Trump has is at, at a big picture level, fundamentally wrong. The US is the most successful economy in the world. It's the richest economy in the world. And broadly the global trading system has hugely benefited the us. Now, that's not to say that there are not certain countries that are, you know, not obeying the letter of the global trading system. It's not to say that there are certain products and certain areas where, you know, other countries should open up more. So it's not perfect. But broadly, I think the US has absolutely benefited. But I think to understand what President Trump is trying to do, you need to step back a bit.


And he has two views, and it's not, it's not quite clear, which of them is, is is predominant. But one view is that if you look at the United States over the last 30 years, he thinks that the US manufacturing base has been hollowed out and the US has suffered because of unfair trade practices from other countries. And that you need tariffs to re industrialize the United States. And that this permanently would mean that behind a tariff wall you would encourage companies to invest in the United States to create US jobs and that therefore the US would fundamentally be better off if it permanently had high tariffs. That's kind of one potential view.


The other view is that he actually views these tariffs as negotiating tools to get better deals with other countries. And that by threatening then you negotiate a better deal with the other countries. There could be truth to both of those, but it's not clear what is actually driving President Trump, whether he primarily wants to have a kind of 19th century view where the US in his view prospered behind a high tariff wall. And I think that's where he's trying to go. But the modern economy is built as you know, Terry, on long supply chains where companies get supplies from many different countries and where the US has specialized in services and higher value add manufacturers. And if you really think what the consequences would be of this vision, do you think the US is going to start having factories making t-shirts?


Is the US going to start, you know, having factories that make sneakers, all of the things that are bought from countries around the world? It's a very sort of radical shift back to an era where the US was much less wealthy and successful than it is now. And so at one level, if that's where he wants to go, this, this is a fundamental break and it's gonna have huge and ongoing consequences for everybody. Alternatively, it's a more of a negotiating ploy and it's designed to get a better deal from certain countries. And within the people around the president, there are different views as to whether these tariffs are really about negotiation or whether they are really about creating the barriers that will bring manufacturing back to the United States.


They have different visions, but both of them imply a lot of turmoil, a lot of uncertainty, and a lot of pain for consumers because tariffs are taxes on consumers. The people who pay this, in the end, the cost of the tariffs are people who pay more for the things that they buy. It's ironic that Trump wants to lower taxes, but at the same time, the tariffs will create high taxes. So the billions that Trump says will be getting from tariffs is that money that we, the consumers will be paying to the government. Lemme try and give the best possible explanation that I can of what I think is the logic of the administration.


The administration's logic is we want more things to be built and produced in the United States. We want manufacturing back so we can create the kind of jobs that existed in the middle of the 20th century. And so we are gonna have high tariffs, which will encourage companies to come and invest and produce in America. And another way of encouraging to do that is that we'll offer lower taxes and for American consumers we'll get more revenue from tariffs so we can lower other kinds of taxes. That's what you hear from administration officials. And they will point to the late 19th century when America, it's true, had very high tariffs. And it's also true that that was the main source of fiscal revenue.


The income tax wasn't invented until 1913. But to think that you can recreate that now or that it would be a good thing, I think are both very mistaken. First of all, if you go back to the 19th century, most of the best scholarships suggest that actually that the McKinley tariffs were, if anything, a detriment to the US economy, it would've done even better without them. Are you talking about The tariff of 1930? No, I'm talking about the late 19th century, the McKinley era when the US had high tariffs and, and was growing very fast. The 19th seventies are another powerful history lesson because there the Smoot-Hawley tariffs were increased and although it wasn't the main reason for the depression, it certainly didn't help and other countries retaliated and that tit for tat retaliatory tariff made the depression worse.


It certainly didn't help it. That's one of the reasons why after 1945 there was a decision made to never again have that kind of a tariff war and to create a sort of stable global system for trade, which is the one that President Trump is essentially now blowing up. The, the question for us consumers and indeed for the US economy is to say, has the US economy overall really been hurt by the current system? My answer would be, no, it hasn't. It's the richest, most successful economy in the world. US consumers have an extraordinary range of choice. They are better off from the competitive environment that comes from a low tariff economy. If tariffs are raised, consumers pay more, US companies have higher costs.


That's why you see this incredible turmoil in the stock market right now. I don't think you end up with a system where the US is better off, nobody gains from a tariff war. And the other part of this is that countries will retaliate. We've already seen China announcing retaliation. I think others will retaliate too. And so you end up with a situation which is really lose lose. And the goal of it is one that I think is not only unattainable, is not really advisable. We're in 2025, the US' strengths are in high tech. The US' strengths are in services. The US' strengths are not in going back to making garments in to sewing sneakers.


That's, that's not what the US economy is at. And trying to force it back through tariffs, I think is a very damaging and dangerous direction to go in. In terms of tech innovation, like you were saying that the US strength is in tech, in the service industry and in research, but the Trump administration has been cutting research and cutting agencies that do research, cutting universities that do research. So if our strength in terms of the financial system is in innovation and we're decreasing the funding intentionally of innovation, where does that leave us?


Well, I, I would say that that's a big mistake and it will, will leave the US worse off. Terry, if we stand back. I think the simplest way of encapsulating this is that in 2025, the US is the most successful economy in the world. This administration wants to radically reshape the rules of global trade in order to put a large tariff wall around the United States, which it thinks will lead to a much stronger US economy as companies invest behind that tariff war, it's not clear that companies will invest because the most important aspect of this current moment is just how much uncertainty there is.


And no one knows if this approach of President Trump is going to last or if these tariffs will be negotiating tools and therefore won't go. So I think the most likely thing is that companies don't actually invest, they just wait and see. But even if they did and some companies did come back, it would be a US economy behind a tariff barrier that is less efficient, less productive than it would be without that barrier. And my view, and this won't surprise you since I, you know, run a magazine that for 183 years has fought for free trade. But my view is that the best recipe for the US to succeed in the 21st century is not to hide behind a barrier of terrorists, but to double down on its economic strengths.


And those strengths, as you say, are its strengths in technology, its strengths in innovation. It attracts the smartest, brightest people from around the world. It has the deepest, most liquid capital markets. These are incredible strengths that I think the US should play to. And it has every possibility of carrying on being the most successful economy in the world. The bit that I would add is that I think much, much more needs to be done to help those people who have been left behind by not just trade, but also technologies. So I think there is a big to-do list in the United States, whether it's education, whether it's training, whether it's a much more focus on people who really have suffered.


But I don't think hiding behind tariff barriers or reshaping the global trading system is gonna be the root to long-term success for the US economy. Trump's approach to the tariffs is to put a 10% tariff as a minimum on everybody, like every country, and then individually, you know, have a formula so that he can individually place tariffs on all of our trading partners. And it's all happening simultaneously and it's all happening with a very fast deadline. Is that usually the way tariffs are done? Like how, how have tariffs traditionally been instated on countries?


No, this is absolutely not. This is without a doubt the biggest trade policy shock I think in history. Because if you look at back to the late 19th century, the increase in tariffs under McKinley was less big than this. Even Smoot Hawley was smaller, you know, presidents from Reagan and indeed to President Biden have increased tariffs on individual goods or individual sectors, but nothing like this. So this is off the charts in terms of scale, it's off the charts in terms of speed and uncertainty Considering what's happening in the markets. I'm surprised that people in finance, people in the banking system, people in hedge funds and, and just, you know, major investors aren't complaining more, aren't objecting more because they're, they're losing a fortune.


And a lot of corporations, I mean, are losing millions or billions in terms of their, their stock prices. Well first of all, some people are now beginning to speak out publicly. You'll have seen that Bill Ackman, for example, a very prominent investor was, is worried about an economic nuclear winter, thinks this is a mistake. Other people, other prominent wealthy investors have started to speak out. I think you're also hearing, you know, from senators Senator Ted Cruz publicly coming out that these were a bad idea. You are hearing it from more Republican senators. So I think people are beginning to speak out behind the scenes. People are somewhere between, you know, baffled, alarmed, befuddled.


I mean, you know, but because firstly the scale of this has, has really shocked people. But I think no one is quite sure what the administration's end game is because as we, we were discussing there are three not necessarily compatible goals and it's, and and the administration's logics, which is between them, is this about, you know, fundamentally changing the global system so that the US re industrializes behind a high tariff wall. In that case, these tariffs are here to stay because it won't happen unless they stay and it's gonna be extraordinarily painful, I would say a very bad idea, but they have to stay.


Is it primarily to raise revenue? Because if that's the main goal, then you, you actually don't want too much too many factories to come back. 'cause obviously if they come back, they're no longer paying the tariffs. You only pay the tariffs if you are importing stuff. And thirdly, is it really a negotiating tool, in which case there'll be a bunch of turbulence, but perhaps this is only a temporary phenomenon and it, it really isn't clear. I think there's a division between the president's advisors, President Trump, if you look at what he's said for the last 30 years, you, you think probably he thinks the US would be better off permanently behind a high tariff war. But he also loves to deal.


So because we have no clarity about what the goal is, or at least because there are different goals that makes it even more uncertain about where this is going from here. Then you have the question of how will other countries react? And right now there's a big difference between countries like Japan, which have already been knocking on the door saying they want to do a deal, and China, which has, you know, reacted with high counter tariffs and other measures. So this is really a tariff war in the making. That's a, that's a different approach to that taken by Japan and others. What does a tariff war look like? Like take the example of the US and China and I don't think President Xi is likely to back down President Trump says he's not gonna back down.


So if there's a tariff war, say between China and the us, what does that look like? So we're already, I think in, in the early stages of a tariff war between China and the us, I mean if you just backtrack a bit, there were tariffs imposed by President Trump in the first Trump administration to which China retaliated somewhat. Then President Biden kept those tariffs in place, but this was relatively modest amounts and they didn't really have a huge amount of impact on the US economy. Now we've had President Trump, first of all putting 20% tariffs on China earlier in the administration because they, in his view were not doing enough to stop the precursors of fentanyl being shipped to Mexico.


Last week he added another 34% tariffs as part of his broad reciprocal tariffs. The Chinese then very robustly announced a retaliation the following day they said they would impose 34% tariffs on US exports to China and also announced another set of measures they were going to restrict certain rare earth exports. They put a number of US companies on what they call their unreliable entity list. They used other tools to retaliate. And now President Trump has said, well in response to that retaliation, he's going to increase tariffs on China by a further 50%. Now this is a tariff war tit for tat.


The impact of all of this is that tariffs on Chinese goods coming into the US will I think be somewhere in the order north of a hundred percent. The knock on effect of this. Now China is more dependent on the United States for its exports than vice versa. So it'll suffer more, but it can retaliate with, you know, all manner of other potential. If we really get into a kind of economic war, then, you know, for example, apple produces a huge number of its phones in in China, which are now going to be hit by these tariffs. But, but China could put all kinds of restrictions on Apple, China could put all kinds of restrictions on other kinds of critical minerals that it exports. You can get into a very nasty tit for tat economic battle from which nobody wins and it becomes quite hard to get out of because whatever the economic logic, this starts then becoming a matter of national and and political pride.


Well let me reintroduce you again, if you're just joining us. My guest is Zani Minton Betos, editor in chief of The Economist. We're talking about Trump's tariffs and their impact on everything from the global economy to our daily lives. We'll talk more after we take a short break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, no idea where to sell, start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet season two of the Emmy nominated series is now streaming on Disney plus. Follow Cassie Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is now streaming only on Disney plus.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media Visit protect by public media.org


At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss and we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR.


You recently returned from a reporting trip to China. What kind of information did you pick up there about China's economy and how it's going to react to Trump tariffs? So I had been expecting to find China angry and worried because it was clear to me before any tariffs were imposed on liberation day that China was likely to be a big target of the Trump administration. And when I'd been in China, I go pretty much every year around this time. And the mood two years ago was very, very grim. There was a sense that, you know, China and US relations were getting ever worse and they were sort of slipping, you know, to a place where you worry about war.


Last year the mood was very grim because the Chinese economy was in very, very weak shape. And so this year I was thinking, oh my goodness, this is going to be even even worse. But actually I found a quiet confidence in China that they could weather a tariff war with the United States if it happened. They were feeling more optimistic, partly because of, I dunno if you remember a few weeks ago there was a, the release of a Chinese AI model called Deep seek, right? Which The deep seek moment, deep seek is a, is an LLM, a large language model that is almost as good as those produced by the best American companies like OpenAI and much more efficient and doesn't need as, as much compute power as the Americans one have.


And I, it gave an enormous sort of sense of confidence and ability in China that gosh, despite the US controls on exports of high-end chips, we can actually make serious progress. So that was one reason for confidence. But the other was that I think there was a recognition amongst many in Beijing that the Chinese economy, which has been flat on its back because it has been going through a very protracted housing bust and sort of debt overhang that the government hadn't really been addressing. But instead it had been relying a lot on exports that if there was a full on tariff for with the United States, that would hurt very hard, but it would push China towards the kinds of the reforms that everyone knows, including the Chinese government they need to do, which is to focus their economy away from exports and more on domestic consumers to increase Chinese consumer spending at home, to provide Chinese people with more of a social safety net, to give them more resources to spend at home to boost the domestic economy.


And that's the kind of big shift that China's economy needs to do. And I think there is a sense in Beijing that if President Trump launches a big tariff war against China, that yes they will be hit, but they will react by boosting domestic consumption and that because that is something that the economy needs, it's actually an opportunity for China. I think there's another way that this might be an opportunity for China. China sees itself I think as a major competitor with the US globally and China's been doing its best to make inroads in countries that have minerals and other things that China needs.


So if the US makes a lot of enemies in, in these trading wars and has trouble trading with traditional trading partners, how can that create an opportunity for China? Absolutely. So as you say, the United States by, you know, imposing tariffs on everybody, friends and foes alike is undermining I think one of the core aspects of its strength, which is its alliance system and the fact that it does have, you know, very strong relations with a large number of countries and it has the reputation of being the country that sort of set up and upheld this system of global trade and security rules. Whereas now it seems to be turning its back on that and that is an opportunity geopolitically for China.


It was really ironic, you know, being in China and hearing Chinese officials say, we believe in the rules based order, we believe in multilateralism, you know, it's the law of the jungle in the US And of course that's not entirely true because China, as we all know, has abided by the, you know, perhaps the letter of trade rules, but not the spirit. I mean it has had some very questionable trade practices and no one would deny that, that it is certainly not played by the rules. But it is now because the US is behaving in this way, you know, China is able to say, well we, we know we are upholders of this rules-based system. And, and the the real bully, the real, you know, bad actor here is the United States.


What's another way of dealing with China beyond tariffs in terms of trade? Well, if you wanted to deal with China's not fully playing by the rules, then surely the sensible thing to do would be for the United States to act in concert with its allies to put pressure on China. But that is not what's happening. What's happening instead is that the US is putting tariffs on everybody, allies and, and foes alike. If you wanted to really put pressure on China, you would, you would act much more in concert, which was sort of what the Biden administration was trying to do, right? The Biden administration, you know, kept the economic pressure on China, but it also made a big effort to build up alliances in the rest of Asia.


I wanna talk about Vietnam for a minute and its relationship to China in this trade war. Vietnam has a 40 plus percent tariff that's being imposed on it and Vietnam wants to negotiate that down, but the Vietnam tariff has to do with China. Can you explain that connection? So in Trump's first administration, when he first imposed tariffs on China, many Chinese companies, in order to avoid those tariffs, moved their operations to other countries, particularly Vietnam but also Cambodia, some to Mexico, and then exported them to United States.


And because those exports came from Vietnam and not from China, they were not subject to the tariff, but it was essentially Chinese companies just doing the manufacturing somewhere else. And actually also because labor costs were lower in Vietnam than they were in China by now increasing tariffs. So heftily on Vietnam, essentially Trump is trying to prevent Chinese companies from exporting to the US by shifting their manufacturing to Vietnam. That's the the logic. But he's not just Vietnam, he's increased tariffs on pretty much every country and you know, also a couple of islands only with penguins on them. You know, it, it's a universal approach.


I just wanna say you mentioned the islands with only penguins on them near Antarctica. The rationale apparently is, and I was it Howard Lunik who said this, that this is so that China can't use these islands to get around tariffs. I don't think that was serious. And what I think really happened is that they, you know, essentially used a AI program to, to basically apply these things to pretty much every country and, and these islands have a separate, I think it's sort of a separate URL, they come up as separate jurisdictions and so they got a tariff, the logic if you will, that of of, and it was Howard Luting. The logic of what he said was, well, just as China moved its production to Vietnam, you know, we wanna make sure it's not moving its production to these countries like the ones in the southern, near the Antarctic.


But if you've looked at these islands, they're tiny and they literally have penguins on them. So the notion that any Chinese company is gonna be, you know, moving an assembly factory, there is, you know, ludicrous. But the underlying point is, I suppose to by imposing tariffs across the board, you prevent Chinese companies from avoiding these tariffs by moving their production elsewhere. That's the, that's the serious point, but it comes at huge, huge cost. Let me reintroduce you here if you're just joining us, my guest is Zani Minton Betos, editor in chief of The Economist. We'll talk more about the Trump tariffs after a break. This is Fresh Air Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable.


That's why here and now anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water that's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR, Hey it's a Martinez, even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the up first podcast every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So you can catch up on while getting ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to the Up first podcast from NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency at the NPR politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast, I'm going to quote President Trump and use a word that I don't traditionally use on the radio. Trump said that the EU is created to quote screw unquote Americans. The EU meanwhile is trying to figure out a way to counteract these tariffs to negotiate.


I don't know what their plans are, but are we creating adversaries out of allies? Creating an adversary is a very strong phrase that you use there. I don't think the Europeans think of the US as an adversary yet, but the shocks of the past two months, which are not just about trade but they are about, you know, vice President Vance coming to Europe a few weeks ago to the Munich Security Conference and essentially delivering sort of outright hostile speech, accusing the Europeans of not dealing with the enemy within, of not allowing free speech of and essentially pointing to extreme right wing parties like the A FD in Germany.


And you know, essentially giving them his support. It was a very striking moment where he spoke to Europeans, intervened in European politics and did so in a kind of outright hostile way. Then remember in the controversy about the signal messages that were made public, you know, he said that the Europeans were pathetic. There is a a sense in Europe that this administration is hostile to Europe. There is a sense that they want, not just that they want Europeans to spend more on defense, which is absolutely right and the Europeans should, but they, you know, want to get out of Europe or they want to reduce the US commitment to Europe. And in economic terms, as you say, that President Trump thinks that the European Union is somehow designed to hurt the United States, none of which is true and all of which has caused in Europe, you know, something like a sort of accelerated version of the stages of grief.


First of all, shock, anger, and then acceptance of okay, this is the new world we're in. We can no longer rely on the United States. We thought the transatlantic relationship was immutable but we can't. What are we now going to do? And if you look at European politics, there's been a huge rise in sort of skepticism of America and European countries and the European officials are trying to work out how best to navigate this. How do you minimize the hit to the European economy? How do you make sure Europe is less reliant on the United States? And just as with China, actually this is a big opportunity for Europe. Europe can do more to boost its own economy. Europe can do more to integrate with other countries.


Europe can do more to boost its own defense. And it's important to remember that the United States is powerful, very powerful, but it is not the only power around. And the United States only adds up to 15% of global trade. The vast majority of trade globally is by countries outside the us. So if the rest of us want to continue with a global trade rules-based trading order, I think it's incumbent on us to do so. And if the United States wants to hide behind a tariff rule, it's gonna hurt everyone. But so be it. The point then for everybody else is how to retain a system that I think we all agree is a much better system for leading to prosperity and economic success.


Would that shut out the us? Are you describing a system in which the US is weaker, not stronger. We, We wouldn't shut out the US but if the US wants to have these high tariffs, that doesn't mean everybody else has to follow suit. I think the real challenge now will be to ensure that the rest of the world salvages a global trading system, not withstanding what the US is doing. So the EU is talking about going after tech like Google in retaliation for the tariffs. And I'm trying to understand what a tech retaliation would look like. So the EU has a, has a mechanism that it, it created an instrument for itself, which is, I've called I think the economic coercion instrument, which it created a few years ago ironically because it wanted to have a way of retaliating against China because it thought China was the biggest sort of most dangerous actor in the global trading system.


And this mechanism allows it to use retaliation in areas that are not tariffs basically in any other area. The one area where many people think the EU will retaliate is on tech companies. And the reason is because the US exports a huge amount of services to the European Union. We've talked in this conversation Terry, about trade in goods. 'cause President Trump is very focused on trade in goods where it's true that the US runs a big deficit, but services, which is things like, you know, selling technology services, selling creative industry services, selling legal services all manner. And the services are a huge part of the 21st century economy.


America is very strong in selling services. And so the Europeans are thinking, well maybe that's where we can push back. And so for example, the Europeans have a digital services tax, which they could apply more forcefully, they could impose some constraints on data sharing. There are all manner of ways in which they could hit US tech companies, where US tech companies make an awful lot of their revenue in Europe. You know, zani this interview and just like reading the news in general is really making my head spin because there's just so many changes that the Trump administration wants to make to the dollar, to the global economy, to the American economy.


And you know, who knows how that will work out. This is my first trip to DC since the inauguration I've been thinking about nothing other than pretty much this administration for for months. It seems, and like you my head is spinning and whether it's the economy, whether it's trade, whether it's geopolitics everywhere, it seems that this administration is determined to kind of be revolutionary. I think the best way to think about this is this is a self-proclaimed revolutionary administration that wants to rip things up and wants to have a radical break from what it sees as a status quo that is hurting its base hurting American workers, hurting the MAGA base hurting America.


And when you start from that position, then I think you sort of begin to understand the scale of what they're trying to do. Whether it's with tariffs, whether it's with financial markets, whether it's with universities, whether it's with all of the, whether it's the size of government and Elon Musk and his, his Doge efforts, it's ripped things up. Start again, kind of ground zero mentality. The reason it's so hard to get your head around the consequences of that is not just the scale of what they're doing and the speed of what they're doing, but because there is a lack of clarity and I think actually a lack of agreement on what the end goal is.


Let me reintroduce you here. If you're just joining us, my guest is Zani Minton Betos, editor in chief of The Economist. We'll talk more about the Trump tariffs after a break. This is Fresh Air


On the next through line from NPR For the presidency. I'm indebted to almighty God. I'm in charge of the country and I need to serve all the American people and not just the political machine. The origins of the modern civil service listen to through line wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember when discovering a new artist felt like finding buried treasure at all songs considered NPR R'S Music recommendation podcast. We put that kind of magic back into discovering new tracks. We're here to make the hunt for new music easy delivering you the cream of the crop from every genre. We'll help you make music feel fun again only on all songs considered from NPR.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S through line podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on through line. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news like presidential power, aging and evangelicalism time travel with us every week on the Through line podcast from NPR.


So let's talk about Scott Besant, who's the Secretary of the Treasury and is by the way worth over $500 million. He was a hedge fund manager. So what can you tell us about his economic philosophy and how he's regarded by mainstream economists? So I think of those in the administration. He is, he is seen as one of the more mainstream, he's clearly was a successful investor, successful hedge fund manager, mainstream people. The way I think about it is that I think there are various factions in economic policy and a similarly actually in in geopolitics who have different priorities. And I'd put maybe Peter Navarro on the kind of extreme end of we want to create a new system where trade deficits are eliminated, where we decouple the US economy and we bring all of the goods and manufacturing and jobs back to the United States.


And I would put Scott Bessant and Kevin Hassett into a slightly different camp, which is more the kind of tariffs are negotiating tools to get a better deal. And so for them, I think they probably don't really think tariffs are that permanently or a good idea, but they see them as an effective negotiating tool for the United States, which is very powerful to get itself in a better position. And Steve Moran, who is head of the Council of Economic Advisors, has written several papers now, which is the closest you get to a written explanation of the overall strategy, which is basically about trying to get a better deal for the United States in a post-war economic system that they believe, as we've been discussing, has kind of disadvantaged the us But more importantly than these people's individual beliefs is the fact that this is a court and it is a court where all that matters is what the king decides to do.


President Trump, who obviously is the, is the king in this analogy. He likes having debates amongst his advisors and he likes the sort of chaos and uncertainty that comes from that. And he likes having a world where lots of countries want to negotiate with him. What's less clear to me is that he has a kind of deeply articulated strategy. He clearly has some instincts and he's, I don't for a second think he's not a, a smart deal maker and he wants more jobs and more companies to come back to the United States. He wants more investment in the United States. He wants to do deals which make America strong. But what all of that adds up to in terms of a kind of global economic system, I'm not sure he's spent a huge amount of time thinking about that.


And so that what worries me is that you have a very powerful king with courtiers around to have different views, but who are basically trying to say what they think he will hear. And that as a result you have less an economic strategy with a clear goal. Then you have a sort of cacophony of announcements, drama, negotiation, which will be incredibly destructive of a system that as we've just been discussing has been the underpinning of a successful world economy, but most importantly an underpinning of an incredibly successful US economy. And that this would be interesting and entertaining as a sort of mind exercise.


What happens if you rip up the roles of global trade and finance and you know, start all over again, but in the real world this has huge consequences and we've begun to see them in the last week, not just the dramatic declines in the markets, but this is gonna have real impact on real people. And nothing in, you know, economic history makes me think that it is gonna have a positive impact on most people. This is gonna, I think, hurt the US certainly over the medium term and is a self-inflicted, I think hugely damaging direction to go. A lot of Trump's money comes from his brand, the Trump brand. How big has that brand been internationally and how have his money policies and these tariffs impacted it or how, how do the tariffs stand to impact his own brand?


So brand Trump is now really just about Trump the person. And you know, Trump became in his first administration by far the most kind of prominent US president in, in recent history. And now even more so in Trump too. I think broadly it's hurting people's perceptions of not just President Trump but of the United States. I mean we've discussed this, but in Europe in particular, I think people's perceptions of the United States are changing and not for the better and certainly of, of President Trump. Now there are parts of the world where he's still viewed very positively, but I think this kind of unpredictability, this bullying, this attitude that other countries are in his view, all, you know, enriching themselves at the US expense that doesn't endear you to people around the world.


And so I think the sort of brand, not just brand Trump, but brand USA is being affected by this. And that's actually for me, one of the potentially longer lasting and and very damaging consequences of what we're seeing in this administration. This administration is, is doing what it's doing because it feels that America has the power to push other countries to do what it wants because it's got the economic clout. We'll see whether it can do that in tariffs, but it's based on a sense that we are the most powerful country in the world and we think the system is stacked against us and we're going to, you know, force it to be changed. People don't like that around the world and people I think are increasingly looking at the US not as the shining city on the hill place, which you know, we all aspired to and certainly held in very high regard, but increasingly as a sort of bullying swaggering, selfish transactional country, which as someone who spent most of my adult life in the US really saddens me.


The last time you were on our show was right after Trump was elected, you spoke with Fresh Airs Dave Davies, and you said, I'm going to be resolutely optimistic about Trump's second term, not least 'cause it's too depressing not to be. And you said you thought it was worth remembering that if you stand back in various areas, he either made clear something that everyone knew and no one was willing to say or actually had some successes. Are you still resolutely optimistic? I am a resolute optimist, so I'm still trying to find the, the positive. I have to say that the events of the last few weeks have made me more worried that we could have some really, really damaging consequences and that this is a revolutionary administration with revolutionary fervor and that it could in many areas, domestic and international really result in the world ending up in a dangerous place.


I still think that President Trump, you know, has got some important insights. He's right that Europeans need to spend more on defense. He's right about certain things on China. What we haven't seen so far is too many successes. We've seen an awful lot of uncertainty and on the trade thing, I just find it so baffling that he would take such damaging action with such seeming sance and I worry that that can sort of spiral outta control. So despite my resolute optimism, I have to confess that I'm a a little more concerned than I was. Last time I spoke to you a few weeks ago, Zani Minton Betos, thank you so much for coming back to Fresh Air.


Thank you. And I hope the next time I will be more upbeat again. Zani Minton Betos is the editor in chief of The Economist. We recorded our interview yesterday morning. Tomorrow on Fresh Air. Our guest will be journalist Gardner Harris, author of a new book investigating Johnson and Johnson called No More Tears. Last month the company lost a bid to settle lawsuits that claimed its talc powder products, including baby powder cost cancer. The company faces tens of thousands of claims. I hope you'll join us to keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air.


Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our managing producer is Sam Brier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Meyers, Anne Marie Baldonado, Lauren Renzel, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, Susan Kudi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producer is Molly CV Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Mosley. I'm Terry Gross. Keeping up with the news can feel like a 24 hour job. Luckily, it is our job. Every hour on the NPR News Now podcast, we take the latest, most important stories happening and we package 'em into five minute episodes so you can easily squeeze 'em in between meetings and on your way to that thing.


Listen to the NPR News now podcast. Now At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips. It's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What you are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry About planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever we get your podcasts.