
The Republican National Convention is happening this week and the NPR Politics Podcast takes you there. We're on the ground in Milwaukee with analysis, recaps, and coverage of what happens every night of the RNC. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley. Today my guest is writer Shalom Olander. For decades, he's written with humor about what it was like to grow up in a dysfunctional household within an ultra orthodox Jewish community near the Catskills in the town of Muncie, New York. He describes how it was drilled into him from a very young age, that he was born into sin, which meant he was broken, shameful, and in constant need of redemption. Now, in his middle age, Shalom, Olander explores the weight of trying to shed those feelings. And a new memoir titled Fe is the Yiddish word for yuck. A pervasive feeling of self contempt. Shalom has battled with his entire life.


In his attempt to rewrite his story, he faces some of the darkest parts of himself, which include addiction, thoughts of harm, and contending with the loss of his good friend actor, Phillips Seymour Hoffman, whom Shalom says, also battled with feelings of shame. His first memoir for Skins Lament was about his childhood years and his estrangement from his religious community and its traditions. His work has been featured on this American life and in several publications in including the New Yorker, Esquire Magazine, and the New York Times. And Shalom Olander. Welcome back to Fresh Air. Thank you. Glad to be here. Can I have you read a passage from FE to get us started?


Sure. The story of Fe is just the first story in a long book of similar stories, the collection of which is a book called You Suck. The first part of You Suck is known as the Old Testament. Spoiler alert, Moses, the main character, dies before reaching his goal. Why? Because he was fat. The second part of You Suck is known as the New Testament. Spoiler alert, it ends with God making a huge wine press, filling it with millions of people and crushing them to death. Why? Guess most people who read the Old Testament don't read the new. Most people who read the New Testament don't read the old, they don't have to. They're the same story.


Fat. The name of the man who blinded me was Rabbi Hammer. People in Muncie went to him for advice. Tell us how to see they besieged him. But Rabbi Hammer was blind too. When he finished telling us Feh, he closed the book of You Suck, leaned Forward and kissed it. Then he called us up one by one and gave it each a small copy of the book to keep in your hearts and minds. He said, all the days of your lives. Then he handed us our book and shook our hands. Mazeltov. He said Hebrew for good luck. He wasn't kidding. I am 50 years old now and still I am blind. It is a strange blindness. It is not a darkness, not a blackness, not an absence of light.


Rather, I go through life as if beneath a shroud I could see the sky, the earth, the trees, the animals, all the flora and fauna, without deviation, without distortion or diversion. But mankind appears to me, grotesque, vile, foul, ignominious, none more so than myself With others. I can occasionally be fair with others. There is a chance of expiation with myself, though I am a hanging judge to myself. I show no mercy. There is no criticism. I don't believe no compliment. I accept I avoid mirrors. Mirrors are bad. Catching a glimpse of my reflection in a store window is enough to ruin my whole day.


This is what I think when I do Feh. You know, Shalom, when I read that passage, I immediately thought about something my son said when he was about three or four years old, and it was about the video game Pac-Man. And he said, is Pac-Man the good guy or the bad guy? And you know, That's a great question which Made me think about this book because really what you've been asking yourself all of your life is if God is a good guy or bad guy, Right? Yeah. And then, you know, sort of falling out of that then am I the good guy or the bad guy?


Exactly. Because The Old Testament and the New Testament, all of us like God is the protagonist of that book. He's the good guy. He's perfect in every way. And then there's us and we're a pain in the butt. And we sin from day one, right? So you're five years old and you're sitting in a yeshiva and or a madrassa or wherever you are and they tell you, so this is how humanity began. God made us out of dirt and the first thing we did was steal. Then we lied about stealing. So God kicked us out 'cause he couldn't take one more second of us.


Then we had kids and the boys tried to murder each other. Then God said, I'm flooding the world. I'm so sick of you, but I'm gonna leave one group behind one little family. So what does that family do? They get drunk and the father has sex with his daughters and you're like, I don't, I don't know if I wanna belong to this family. This is a pretty screwed up family and this is me. This is who I am. Was there ever part of that story that filled you with hope, that you felt good about when you were a kid and you were learning about it and No, there was always a peace. The way the narrative of that book works and all those books work is just when you think it's good, it goes bad.


Right? So every up is followed by a horrendous down and it's usually a down that's caused because we were fat in some way or another. We caused this. This was our fault. And I guess in my life it, it just got to a point, I'm 54 in my late forties where the shrapnel of that story was threatening Your life. My life and my new family, which is a beautiful family and Made up of your wife and your children. Yeah. And that's it. I have, I don't have any connection to my family, my birth family at all and haven't for a long time.


And it was, it was, it was causing more bleeding when I thought that I was over it. When I thought I was over the idea of a foul God and that that was something I could just sort of say, well, that's probably not true and I can move on. I realized that there's this narrative that's deep within me and ultimately I think deep within mankind, this story we've been telling ourselves for so long that we suck. Right? Because you decided to become estranged from your family. You wrote this first memoir for Skins lament, where you went through your childhood and you really took a hard look at what you had been taught.


And you and your wife made this conscious choice. We are no longer gonna be in communication, we're gonna start a new life. Take us back though, to what you were escaping from. So you grew up in this ultra orthodox community. I think I've heard you say it's like growing up in a town where Tony Soprano runs it. So that's quite a visual. What's an example of what that looked like for you as a boy in the day to day? It was just terrible fear and shame. I remember going through the town with someone and they were saying, oh, you know, it's weird. You drive through Muncie and it's quite beautiful. It's this, you know, bucolic little, or was little country town, you know, it's a rural, no sidewalks, no streetlights.


Pretty pretty. And my feeling was like, yeah, but there's a monster here that you can't see. It's like that twilight zone where like there's a monster here and that monster is a God who is furious all the time. For me personally, the problem with that I ran into was that I couldn't just say, well, that's just a made up story because my father in heaven was crazy and my father in the living room was also crazy. He was abusive. He was an alcoholic. Yeah. Yeah. He drank a lot. He hit. And so my first reaction was, oh, there's another one.


There's two fathers I could do without any at this point. And so it was, there was just a lot of bad feeling and shame involved with it. I never quite fit in. I never felt like I belonged there. And it wasn't until my teens where I started to move out a little bit discovering, frankly discovering literature in, in used bookstores in Manhattan, but finding other people who were, who were taking this story or this shameful feeling and examining it.


I was really fascinated In the book, when you began to explore those puberty years, puberty must have been hard because, I mean, it's a burgeoning sexuality, but you are in a community where rules around pleasure are so strict. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, look, puberty is not no picnic anything for Anybody. Right? But when you're told that all the things that are happening to you, or you're feeling are evil are wrong, it's 10 times worse and you don't wanna see yourself in the mirror. Like it doesn't, none of the way I feel about myself to me is a surprise.


It all follows from that background. As I say, in fact, you're not born hating yourself. We're told this story either through a story story or through the actions of people around us. But for me, with, you know, growing up, and it wasn't today, so, so porn was like hid under The blanket under mattresses, right? Yeah. And, and VHS tapes where you had to go to a place to actually get them. Yeah. Yeah. And I would go into these places and feel awful. You would Feel awful, but you still would go, I don't know, I, I feel like there is some element of, am I really that bad?


You know? And when you're told you're bad, you're just like, okay, so I'm bad, so I'll just be bad. I heard you tell this story about your grandmother, and I think it was, was it Chiclets? And the reason why I'm bringing this up is because yeah, you just mentioned how even though you were told you were bad, there was that small little part of you that was thinking, am I that bad? Can you tell the story of the Chiclets and what that opened up in your mind for you? Yeah, I mean that was a, a, a little tiny moment in that, in my life was just one of those things. You look back and go, oh, thank God it happened. But it was my mother's mother and they were very, they were religious and she used, we used to go over to her house in Sheephead Bay in Brooklyn and we'd get there and she'd call me over and she gave me Chiclets, which I don't, I don't know if listeners remember this, but it was this awful gum.


It came in. Yeah, it was like little squares. They came in like a little yellow box and she would give them to me when I got there every time. And I remember one time my mother saw her giving it to me and she got upset. She's like, what are you doing? That's tra that's it's non-kosher. And I was ashamed and I was ashamed for my grandmother 'cause she looked a little chastised and she just, my mother's like, don't give him that anymore. You're not allowed to have it. You shouldn't have it either. And whatever. Walked out. And then my grandmother turned to me and she takes out with the chiclets and takes my hand and pours two of them into it. And she just said, oh, don't worry about it. It's just gum.


What did that signal to you? What did it say? Well, first I was like, oh my god, Bob is a sinner. Yeah, Right on. Let's go for burgers. But then it was this, oh, maybe there's, maybe there's a middle ground, right? Maybe there's, maybe there's sanity in some of this, right? Like, I didn't question whether she believed in all the rules and God and everything else. She did very much. but it was this moment of moderation. Hmm. Right. Of, yeah, God will let, let some gum slip. Whereas I was told he, he didn't, he he didn't let anything slip.


Hmm. The story of, you know, Moses not getting into the promised land is perhaps the purest of the pure one time hit a rock. And so God said, that's it. You're not getting in your life goal. You're not getting in. And that's the lesson you learn as a kid. Like, do not mess up. Hmm. Right. That's the Tony Soprano thing. You don't make more than one mistake 'cause he's coming The way that you express how you felt all of your adult life, this faith that's on you, and I think you actually said this, that it's, it's probably what, what's on most people, we all, no matter if we're Jewish or not, but you express what I think a lot of people feel and don't say, but it's also what we are told that we shouldn't feel.


So that is, you wake up every morning and you feel fed, you feel disgusted, you feel bad, and you have to actually walk towards the good, you have to make the conscious choice. Right. Where we've been told the narrative that good is the place where we should be sitting in and the bad is just sprinkled in. Right. I don't understand that. I, I think that's, I think that's 'cause we know we shouldn't, but everybody I know, everybody I've ever met has had to deal with these perceptions of themselves that are, that, that they got from somewhere that are pretty negative. But yeah, I wake up in the morning and you know, I, I remember we were, we, we rented a new apartment recently and everything was perfect about it except the fact that the bedroom had wall to wall mirrors.


And I'm like, oh God, are you serious? I have to sleep looking at myself and wake up The moment you wake up, Oh God. And it's like, and it's bad lighting, it's sunlight. And you're like, oh, this is horrible. So Is it as bad as you thought it would be though? I try and get up early before the sun comes up, but it is, it is. I I have to kind of go, ugh. And at this point I can laugh. Like laughter is my, is the saving grace for me. So I can laugh at myself for it. But I'm not gonna lie, I am pretty happy when the shirt comes on. Even when you're alone. Oh yeah. Is that a mark of f Because I would think that, you know, being alone, there's no judgment of anyone around you.


Right. But there is no being alone. Right. With Fed, there's no being alone. There's always, there's always someone or some thing watching God, God or society or, you know, I I I often wonder like if everybody felt really good about themselves, there'd be nobody at the gym. Yeah. Like yeah, I know some people go because it feels good. Yeah. Okay. But minus those lunatics, if everyone was fine, there'd be no such thing as a health club. Like what, what, who needs that? We talked a little bit about you being estranged from your family and the last time you were on the show, you talked about this interaction with, I think it was a midwife.


You were having your first son and she asked you if you were gonna have family in the room. And you said, no, we are estranged from our family. And She said, well that is sad. And you said, well, it's sad for them to be in our lives and it's sad for them to be out of our lives. Yeah. And that was 17 years ago. Yeah. Does it get any less sad? It changes. I don't have any regret or feel like that was the wrong idea, the wrong thing to do. And I look at my, my sons and my wife and I'm convinced every day that it was the right thing to do.


My, my kids are very freethinking and loving and they're artists and musicians and they would not, they would not fit in any better in Cy than I did. And probably have less patience for it. But the truth is, that's kind of, you know, that's kind of the happy ending. I I people hear it and they're like, oh, that's awful. But the truth is, staying would've been awful because I wouldn't be who I am. I wouldn't have the marriage that I have. I wouldn't be the husband I am, I wouldn't be the father. I, I'm, I probably wouldn't be here. I probably would've thrown myself off a building sometime in my early twenties, mid twenties for sure.


'cause that's what I was considering doing. I couldn't be in a place where everything pointed to, there's something wrong with you. And, you know, that included everything from, I remember when I, my mother found out I was eating non-kosher, she told me I was finishing what Hitler started, which is, and I was like, wait, Hitler had started a happy meal because he left over the fries and it's just this harsh, right? And you're like, well that's kind of harsh. But I guess I, I guess I'm ruining my people. And I, you know, I write about this in Fe where like, you know, I, I so much hated being a male because of everything I was told in Yeshiva about it that when I was very young, I was, I convinced I wanted to be a woman.


Hmm. I, I found a Victoria's Secret catalog in the male and I was like, oh my god, women are just perfect. And look at, look at me, I'm gross. And I was like, oh, so let me put on my mother's pantyhose, lemme put on some heels. Hey, you know what kind of works Kind of feels good, Kind of works. And, and then like very soon after, you know it, someone in school, someone in my grade had found a porno mag at the side of the road and it was a gay porno mag and they were all laughing at it and being horrified, but the thing that horrified them most was an ad for a film about a transvestite. And I was like, oh my God, I'm wor I'm worst of the worst.


And I happened to have been wearing pantyhose under my Yeshiva clothes at the time and just felt like they're gonna find me. They're gonna, they're gonna know who I really am. And I think that's been, that's been the thing my whole life. I feel like that's with a lot of people. There's this impression that who you really are deep down inside is broken, wrong, evil, sinful, not enough in some way. And you have to work your way better than that. But, but it's not true. Oftentimes the thing we're in, we are inside is the best part of us. We've just been told it's awful.


So that's really, that's really what, what the battle against Feh is to me. Our guest today is Shalom Olander, author of the new memoir, Feh. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley and This is Fresh Air


New from the embedded podcast. I hear by declare the house representatives of the 113th journal assembly of the state of Tennessee. Now in session What happens when three moms set out to change the way state politics work? We are smart and we are swift. We are not going anywhere. Listen to super majority for NPRs embedded and WPLN all episodes out. Now


There's a new way to support this show end Public media. Please consider signing up for the NPR plus podcast bundle, NPR plus listeners get to unlock sponsor free shows and bonus episodes. You can find out more@plus.npr.org. And thanks.


New from the embedded podcast. Elite female runners are being told they can't compete because of their biology. Not only can you not compete, you're not actually female. Hear about the hundred year history of sex testing in women's sports and the hard choices these athletes are facing now. Listen to tested a new series from CBC and NPR embedded podcast.


The Bullseye podcast is according to one journalist, the quote kind of show people listen to in a more perfect world. So make your world more perfect every week. Bullseye puts the pop in culture interviewing brilliant authors, musicians, actors and novelists to keep you on your pop culture target. Listen to the Bullseye podcast only from NPR and Maximum Fun.


Hi, this is Molly And I'm Seth. We're two of the producers at Fresh Air. If you like listening to Fresh Air, we think you'll also like reading our newsletter. You'll find the interviews and reviews from the show all in one place. Plus staff recommendations you won't hear on the show behind the scenes q and as. Bonus audio. It's also the only place to find out what interviews are coming up. We keep it fun and it comes straight to your inbox once a week. Subscribe for yourself@wyy.org slash Fresh Air. So shalom, you were good friends with the late actor Philip Seymour Hoffman. And about your connection, you write Feh knows Feh.


Feh recognizes Feh. Yeah. How did you know? Well, I knew Phil for some years right before the end. We met each other through work and I kind of told the story in In the book about meeting him for the first time. And there's just something about people who are fat that you just know it when you meet them, they just seem to be under a cloud of some kind. It's a certain posture, it's a certain way of talking. It's hard to put your finger on. And it's not always the same thing with Phil.


It was this, he was very, kind of had the weight of the world on his shoulders and was constantly judging himself. But I think, you know, among other things, Trump is a Feh. You know, he was told his whole life by his father. He was worthless. And that's one version of Feh, this sort of, well then I'm gonna rule the world kind of thing. But there's something you just know. And with Phil it was, I suspected it and then we got together a few times and we just like had a festival of, you know, Feh. We had ridiculously weird amounts in common the way our mothers were, the way our brothers were, the way our fathers were.


Our fathers had porn in the same place, in the same room in the house. He was sort of tortured by Iris Catholicism. I was tortured by Orthodox Judaism and, and we were both the same age and it felt like we were both at this age where, where it was like, can this still really be going on? Hmm. Does this ever end? And trying to find a way through with me writing with him, acting and directing, find a way through it. He Wrote to you or said to you one time, and I wanna read this, it's from the book, he once said to you, you writers are lucky. You get to tell the story.


You need to tell when you need to tell it you're sick. You get medicine actors though we have to sit around mute waiting for a script to come along somehow. And if we're lucky, it tells the story we need to tell. That was really powerful. And I wanted to know, had you considered that when he told you that, in thinking about the ways that your art is a balm and in particular for him? I hadn't, to be honest, I, I, I didn't quite know what makes actors tick. And I don't know that that's necessarily true for every actor because I've met a few and clearly some just like acting or being the center of attention.


Yeah, that's Feh medicine, I think. Yeah. Yeah. I think it is. I once suggested to him that I thought, 'cause we both had psychiatrists who were pretty much father figures to each of us. But I remember suggesting to him that that, that, I think at the time I was like, I think maybe celebrities and actors get paid so much money because the, the studios are paying them to stay sick. That if they were healthy they might not do this job and they certainly wouldn't do it as well. I think in the same way as a writer, like if, if if I got a all my stuff healed, I'd, I don't know, You wouldn't have anything else to write About. I go, I'd go garden, I'd go mow with the lawn, I'd do whatever I'd jog, I'd be fine.


Now I can't jog 'cause I jiggle too much and it's fat. But I like the idea of it. So there was this notion of like, how are we getting past this ness of ours? And Phil just had, for me, like a laugh is really important. A person's laugh is like, I don't care if Stalin had a good laugh, I'd probably hang out with him. Like a, a good laugh changes everything for me. And Phil had this short of my wife, he had the greatest laugh ever. It was just this massive laugh and it didn't come easy. And it, when it came out, it was like this par and it would just, you could hear it around the world. And so it was fun to, for us to laugh together.


And a lot of what we laughed about was how crappy we feel. You wrote this screenplay, which later turned into happy ish, gosh, I wanna say all the words, but it was called Pigs in s initially Yes. It was about advertising. Yeah. So it was about this depressed middle aged guy who works in advertising and all of his colleagues are younger than him. And the premise of it really was that like, happy ish is the closest we're gonna get to happy. Right. Philip was gonna play this role even though he was a film actor because this was for streaming. Yeah. This is a series. Yeah, it was gonna be his first TV role.


And there was a pilot And there was a pilot that we shot and he'd been up and down, we'd been through, I knew it was going on with him. He'd been through some rehab and seemed to be getting better. And you know, same old story, but we shot the pilot. It was challenging just because of what he was going through physically, let alone emotionally in, in his sort of rehab ness. We shot the pilot, we all really liked it. Friday, I remember I got a call from the head of Showtime at the time, David Nevin saying, we're going ahead, it's greenlit, you know, congratulations.


And it was just this like incredible, holy cow, this is awesome. And then I go the next day and I start to write episode two and my phone rings and it's the executive at Showtime crying, just saying, Phil's dead. And I, I had no idea what she was talking about. Like it just didn't make any sense at all. And I just remember being really furious first at him, but then at, at everything that led to that, to the people in his life, mainly his youth that told him he was this fat person.


And it just made me furious. And that's kind of what started all of this was that I knew that Feh had me close to the edge. Yeah. Many times. But I didn't realize that it was 'cause I also thought, ah, it's just a Jewish thing or you know. Yeah. Get over the Old Testament buddy, you know, read some Richard Dawkins and cheer up. Yeah. And I was just, I was shocked at the power that that story had because Phil was this force of nature. I mean, he was just indomitable. I mean, first of all, physically he had been a wrestler. He was a big guy. You know, if you wanted to bring him down, you're gonna need like, you know, a football team.


And yet it felt to me that he gave into that, he gave into that story and that just made me sad and angry. Let's take a short break if you're just joining us, my guest is Shalom Olander. He's written a new book titled Fe, which is in Yiddish. Yuck. It's about coming to terms with what he learned about himself, growing up in a dysfunctional ultra orthodox Jewish family, and how in adulthood he's trying to rewrite his story. We'll continue our conversation after short break. This is Fresh Air On Wait, wait. We ask very well known people about things that people don't know about them.


Like what was Malala Yusef Sai doing when she heard she'd won the Nobel Peace Prize? I went to my physics class, I said I have to finish my school day. Because when you get the Nobel Peace Prize for education, you have to finish your school day. I'm Peter Zagel for the Real Secrets of the Rich and Famous. Listen to the Wait, wait, don't Tell Me Podcast from NPR. On this week's episode of Wild Card poet Nikki Giovanni says, you can choose your family. I recommend dogs for their, they're faithful, they're they're intelligent, and they always love you. I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPRs Wild card podcast. the game where Cards Control the Conversation.


If you think the economy makes no sense right now, you Are probably right because even economists can't explain it lately. But our podcast, the Indicator from Planet Money, We're a little dose of clarity on the biggest economic questions of the Day and about the forces that affect your life In 10 minutes or less every weekday. The indicator from Planet Money from NPR, You know, Philip Seymour Hoffman's death had such a huge impact on me for someone that I didn't know, but I I felt so deeply connected to. I think I was in bed for a few days after he died. I was really upset by it. Hmm. And you are articulating this Feh over him.


I think I felt at the time that someone like him, who, everyone loved him as an actor, he was beloved and had a lot of loved ones who felt a deep love for him, that he couldn't feel that for himself. And so that kind of brought me in a spiral of despair and thinking about the people in my family that I, I also know had that over them where no matter how much you feel for them, they can't feel it for themselves. Which also, in reading about you, it made me think about your wife and how she sees you as perfect. Well, better than I see myself, that's for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Because fat is a certain blindness, it's an inability to see things in a certain way.


And I, I kind of learned that in my twenties and thirties, thanks to her and some mental health professionals, and that I couldn't necessarily trust what I was seeing. Right. So, so something would seem to me negative or an attack or going badly. And I would need her or somebody sort of on the outside of my Feh to just say, no, no, no, no, no. That's, that's not what's happening. I talk In the book about this very rare brain disorder called Anton Syndrome and it's, it's people who are blind but think they can see and it's not denial, it's literally that's the disorder.


They're convinced. They'll sit there on a table and say to you, well, there's a mic over here and a laptop there and speakers over there, and then get up and walk into the wall. Yeah. But they're for them, they'll just, it's Accurate for them. They realize that it, yes. Right. The interesting thing about it is, well, first of all, there's no cure. And second of all, it comes from trauma. Right? It's not a virus. You're not born that way. Something usually hits you in the head and makes you see things in the wrong way. And that's what Feh to me has done to me, and it did to fill. And frankly, it feels more and more, you know, you spend five minutes on social media or watching the news and it feels like it's hit the whole world that way.


And we're, we're these, these animals that, that know ourselves via story, right? We're, we're, we teach by story, we learn by story, we communicate by story. Everything's story, we, we remember by story. And we're telling us a story for thousands of years of you, of we're terrible, we're sinful, we suck, Is fair something we could recover from? I think that we need to find a new story. I think that, that we have to understand what that story is doing and that the prevalence of it. I see it. I mean, here's the thing that's interesting. Once I sort of felt that way and identified it, I began to see it everywhere.


And that helped, right? Because I would, I would write something and someone would say, have a bad attitude about it or whatever. And I could see in them that anger, that sort of fat about themselves and just go, wow, that's just everywhere. Or I would see a newscast, CNN and this one's hating that one and the world's on fire and just go, yeah. But everything they're saying to each other is fat. They're pointing their fingers and judging. And I guess I just got really tired of it. And that was the reason for writing the book was just like, when do we stop sitting in judgment about ourselves and, 'cause we're not gonna stop sitting in judgment about others until we do that.


And where does this come from? And, and to see it take someone's life who is in the prime of his life. And to your point, I, we'd go out somewhere soho, get a coffee and walk out. I remember this, we walked out of a coffee shop and a truck, a big truck goes by and the guys are leaning out the window shouting, I love you man. And I'm like, oh, thanks. But like you said, it didn't matter. I think part of what Fed does to us is that the love we get from people that matter, we discount. Yeah. And so we want love from strangers, but when that love comes, we discount that. 'cause we know it's, at best it's adulation.


Yeah. And that they're reacting to something they saw on screen or read in a book. So how do you fix all of that? And I, I feel like, to me writing the book was helpful because I can see it more, but Writing on the page though, you are writing about you. Yeah. But there's a distance that writing provides, right? It's at a remove. So it's, it's sort of analyzing myself, but with a sense of humor. Right. So it's like, it's bad, but it's kind of funny that it's bad and then it doesn't seem so bad. And where did You learn to find humor? And I grew up in a very dysfunctional home and my earliest memories of it were watching Saturday Night Live.


And I didn't, I didn't know what it was and I didn't know why. It was funny that this guy with white hair had a fake arrow through his head, but it made everybody laugh. And Friday night would come and my father would start yell, yelling at my brother, and my brother would yell back, and you, you can sense it coming. And I would just start doing impressions of the things I'd seen. I used to do a Nixon impression. I have no, I had no idea who Nixon was. You didn't realize he was president, Which you knew he was. I had no clue it was, it was like Dan Roy doing it on Saturday Night Live and everyone laughed. And so I just did the same kind of hunching my shoulders over and flipping my wrists over. I had no idea what I was doing, but everyone started to laugh and the fighting stopped.


And then it just sort of became, oh, this is interesting. Like this thing. And when I, when I found books, which unfortunately get labeled literature because that puts everybody off them. But in my teens I found an old bookstore and I started to read Kafka and Beckett and Voltaire and Flannery O'Connor and all these people. And no one told me they were serious or literary. I was just reading them because the booksellers, I said, what's funny? And he gave me these books. He gave you those? Yeah. And I thought they were hilarious and dealing with everything that I was dealing with and either laughing at it, laughing at themselves, attacking it, wondering where it came from.


And I thought, oh, this, I can do this. Seems like a way to get through all this. Do you believe in God Only when bad things happen? I mean, I believe, I don't think there's a God, right? I think there's probably not, I kind of like being agnostic about it all. I feel like not knowing is a pretty good place for humans to be. Right. I don't know for sure that there is a God. So I'm not a rabbi and I'm no atheist saying, there's no way there's a God. I think a question mark makes for a pretty good tombstone. So I'm okay with not knowing. But what I have gotten to is the idea that there's a God who hates us or who judges us is entirely ludicrous.


And not just ludicrous on the face of it, but if you think that not eating cheeseburgers is gonna pacify that God, you're crazy. 'cause Moses couldn't and nobody could. Everyone sinned. So it seems it, when I hear people like that or see people like that, I passed a sign the other day right here, that's just a yellow sign on the side of the street saying, beg Jesus for mercy. And I was like, why? If you change Jesus to Frank, you're like, I don't think I like Frank. What is he up to? Like why am I so bad? And what makes youth wanna put a sign up on the 4 0 5 that tells me I'm bad, I just don't get it.


And it comes from, I feel like this story that's become part of us. I'm curious raising your children very differently than how you were raised. You're able to see maybe a version of yourself that didn't experience the things that you for For sure. How do they interpret this idea of fe My kids? Yeah. They have no connection to it whatsoever. They don't understand. Do You see it in them at all? No. No. I can see. Look, they're not robots. So there are moments where it's like they're human thi sadly, but they are. They're like they, they get into their spaces where they don't feel as good or they're nervous or whatever, but it's at a normal level.


I remember, I remember reading that that was Freud's hope, and I know Freud's, you know, controversial person, non gr. But I do remember reading that he, he and I put this in happiest words. He said his, his whole goal wasn't to make people happy, it was to bring them to a normal level of misery. And I think that's ano a very noble goal whether he reached it or not. Shalom Olander, thank you so much. Thank you. Fun. Ryder Shalom Olander. His new memoir is called Fe Coming Up Film critic Justin Chang reviews the new Thriller Long Legs This is Fresh Air.


Waylon, how much do you think it would cost to buy one of those big digital billboards in Times Square to promote our show? The indicator from Planet Money in Big lights? Ugh. In this economy. I mean, you're probably right, but this question is the exact kind of thing that we find answers to on our show. We take one big economic idea, make it understandable, and you know, even fun. That's the indicator from Planet Money and NPR From Cowboy Carter to Old Town Road to Yellowstone. The symbol of the cowboy has been riding high for a few years now. But my big question is why are we turning to the cowboy? What's actually holding the reins on America's imagination and what does it reflect about our psyche?


Listen to, it's been a minute from NPR Numbers that explain the economy. We love 'em at the indicator for Planet money. And on Fridays we discuss indicators in the news like job numbers, spending the cost of food, sometimes all three. So my indicator is about why you might need to bring home more bacon to afford your eggs. I'll be here all week. Wrap up your week and listen to The Indicator Podcast from NPR In the hit thriller long legs. Micah Monroe plays an FBI agent tracking a serial killer with a possible Satanic connection. It also stars Nicholas Cage and Blair Underwood.


It's the latest from writer director Osgood Perkins, whose previous horror movies include The Black Coat's Daughter and Gretel and Hansel. Our film critic, Justin Chang, has this review. I have friends who can handle just about any kind of horror movie except for the ones involving demonic possession and the occult. Oddly enough, that's the sub genre I've always found the most comforting. Some of these movies like this Year's Immaculate and the First Omen may exploit religion for easy scares, but they can also confront and affirm matters of faith with a sincerity that Hollywood rarely attempts.


That's why The Exorcist is not just one of the great horror films, but also one of the great religious films. It gives the devil his due, but it puts the fear of God in you too. There's nothing remotely comforting, however, about the occult activity going on in long legs. A tense and frightening new movie in which evil is everywhere and God seems entirely absent. Part of what makes the film so effective is that it doesn't really depend on secrets or surprises. The writer and director, Osgood Perkins summons an atmosphere of dread so intense, it's practically spoiler proof.


We meet the nightmarish villain known as long legs in the very first scene. He's a small town oddball, played with a big fright wig, and creepy prosthetic makeup by an almost comically terrifying Nicholas Cage. The authorities are stumped by long legs. A satanic serial killer who never once lays a finger on his victims. His crimes all appear to be clear, cut murder suicides in which a husband and father kills his family before taking his own life. But at each crime scene, long legs leads behind a letter written in a code reminiscent of the Zodiac killer.


That makes clear there will be more murders to come to help crack the case. The FBI taps an upstart agent that's Lee Harker, played by Micah Monroe, who has psychic abilities. The clairvoyant detective is a cliche, but Perkins treats it with a conviction that makes it feel almost fresh in one suspenseful early scene. Harker is out in the field with an agent Fisk, who makes the mistake of ignoring one of her premonitions sometime later. Harker debriefs. What happened with another agent? Carter played by a wonderfully world weary Blair Underwood.


Tell me your version of what happened in Colfax with the shooting of Agent Fisk. It's hard to explain, sir. It's like something tapping me on the shoulder, telling me where to look. You identified a suspect's house with no prior knowledge, no real indication that it was any way different than all the cookie cutters all around it. Anything like that ever happened to you before? Agent Hawker From time to time, sir, Maybe we'll just call you highly intuitive. Yes, sir. Micah Monroe came to fame fleeing supernatural terrors in the movie it follows, and she was quietly mesmerizing a few years ago as a woman being stalked in the Hitchcockian thriller watcher here.


Even when she's playing the hunter instead of the hunted, she seems terrified, even haunted by what she uncovers. Of all the movies that inspired Long Legs, the clearest influence is the Silence of the Lambs with its serial killer cat and mouse games. Harker is basically the Clarice Starling to long legs. As Hannibal Lecter reinforcing the connection between the two movies Long Legs is set in the nineties, which explains the lack of cell phones. That's not the only way in which Perkins' movie seems to have emerged from an earlier era. You've seen bits and pieces of this story countless times before the crime scene photos, the indecipherable puzzles, the killer sadistic taunts, the detectives dogged.


Persistence long legs reminded me of many other mysteries in which killers take an insidious hands-off approach from Agatha Christie's 1975 novel curtain to Keoshi S'S brilliant 1997 Thriller cure. But if elements of the story can feel derivative, Perkins' filmmaking rarely is using eerily precise compositions and dimly lit interiors. He finds a brooding menace in seemingly ordinary places. Even when he unleashes a jump scare or a sinister home video style flashback, his control of tone never waves.


He gets sharp performances too, from actors like Alicia Witt as Harkers fanatically religious mother and Kiran and Chika as the one known survivor of long legs as crimes. As for Nicholas Cage, he's as memorable as you'd expect the actor may be no stranger to going wildly over the top, but I can't recall him ever having played a figure of such pure, a mitigated evil. And it's that sense of evil with no hope of escape or redemption in sight that gives long legs, its unsettling power. Even so, some of that power does dissipate in the closing stretch when it's finally revealed, so to speak.


What the hell is going on? The solution makes a certain sense, but it's also a little deflating, and it's a reminder that sometimes an explanation has a way of ruining things, a joke, a mystery, and even a good scare. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed long legs, fresh Air's. Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with technical and engineering help. From Adam Sten Shefsky. Our digital media producer is Molly SV Nesper. Thea Chaloner directed today's show with Terry Gross.


I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Meryl. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor The Nature Conservancy. By working across communities, oceans and aisles, the Nature Conservancy is delivering solutions for the planet and building a future where people and nature thrive. Learn more at nature.org/solutions.