
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, na member FDIC.


This message comes from Square. You probably know Square from your favorite local spots, but you might not know that there's a lot more to Square than meets the eye. What started as a little white card reader is now being used to rapidly scale, build loyal followings, cover cashflow gaps, and expand to new locations. Wherever your business is growing, square meets you there. Go to square.com/go/npr To learn more.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Mosley. And today my guest is Walton Goggins. He has been on a run like no other, the White Lotus, the righteous gemstones fallout, and his newest film, the Uninvited. It's the latest surge in a 30 year career built on playing some of the most magnetic and morally complex characters in film and television from the sharp witted outlaw, Boyd Crowder, and justified to the Swaggering scheming baby Billy Freeman in the Righteous Gemstones to a series of layered portrayals of southern men in films including Quentin Tarantino's, Django Unchained, and The Hateful eight. Goggins has talked about how he tries to bring authenticity and nuance to his roles portraying southern men resisting the pressure to turn them into caricatures.


Lately, Goggins has been reflecting on the arc of his career and how his childhood has informed his approach to his craft. And when we sat down for our interview, he said, let's get into the thick of it, the real of it life in between the roles. So that's exactly what we did. We started talking about hosting Saturday Night Live, which he did a few weeks ago. It was the day before Mother's Day, and he describes it as a high point in his career, in part because he shared the moment with his mother. I was raised in Atlanta, Georgia, by my mother with the help of her three sisters and my grandmother. And my mama is the most important person in my life, growing, growing, growing up.


Whenever my mama, she couldn't afford a babysitter. She would take me with her to honky tonks. My mother taught me how to clog, taught me how to two step. And luckily enough for me, my mama is here tonight. We've, we've, we've come a a really long way, haven't we, mom? Absolutely. And, and since it's Mother's Day tomorrow, mama, would you dance with me? Yeah.


Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You know what? Yeah, hold on. Let, let's kick this up a notch, fellas, if you don't mind. Walton Goggins, welcome to Fresh Air. So, so happy to be here. Thank you for the invitation. Wal Danelle was such a beautiful moment, and she came up on stage and then you all started dancing. But you know, the thing that really got me about that is when you're raised by a single mom, there is nobody like you and your mother knowing what it took for you to be up on that stage. It's very true. And my mom's life story is, is so interesting.


And the journey that it took her, the life that she led up until having a child, and in the life that subsequently we had together to be kind of on that stage in that moment after not seeing my mom for a year. Really? Why? Because you were busy or Just been on the road for a year and a half and just so happened that she came to our home and, and and stepped in when I, I was outta town to help my wife, and she's obviously really close to her grandson, our son. Yeah. But I, I just missed her and I, I kept missing her by like a day or something.


So I saw her in her dressing room at, you know, 30 Rock for the, for the first time. I mean, that was the reunion I had. And five minutes later we're doing the first run through of the monologue and, and the dancing and all of the emotions, all the feels were happening like in real time in, in front of other people. And it was, it was really remarkable. And, and you know, and obviously the tears kind of in her eyes. My mom has no stage. Right. Well, obviously Yeah. 'cause she jumped right into it. Right? In like, give me a crowd. If I'm dancing for one person or I'm dancing for a million, it doesn't matter to my mom. And she's had such a, an amazing spiritual journey that she knows exactly who she is and that's rubbed off on me.


And you've talked about how growing up it was you and her and you all had each other and you would go, she would take you when she didn't have a babysitter to the Honky talks. I mean, I have a single mother and, and she had some amazing boyfriends that were extremely influential in my life, but she also had three sisters, my aunts and my grandmother. And then I had my grandfather and my father's father and, and my grandmother kind of on that side too. But it was, I wasn't raised honestly Tanya by anybody. And if my mom was sitting here, she would say the same thing.


I've always kind of had the moniker that Walton raised himself. And what I mean by that is it wasn't neglect, it was the opposite. It was, there were always people around. It was like a village. Like I was raised by a village of people. This makes sense. 'cause you said something a while ago that like, you never slept more than seven days in the same bed until you were like around 15 years old ever. And so now this is kind of making sense. Is that because you were, you were in a village, you were just going from house to house? Or how, why was that? Yeah, I mean, you know, my, I mean, my mother wasn't, you know, young, young when she had me. I mean, she had me at, I think she was 23 or something like that.


And, but you know, my parents got divorced when I was three. And, and you know, we lived in Decatur, Georgia, you know, downtown, a little duplex. And then, and eventually we, you know, got this little house out in Lithia Springs, Georgia, and, you know, it was everything for my mom to, to buy a house. And, but with that, my, my mom just had a lot of great friends. Screens weren't a big part of your life, meaning like, you weren't someone who was really into movies or shows growing up, but you all would sit on the porch. Was this at your mom's house on the front porch and just talk to people? Yeah. You know, yeah, it was, I, no, we didn't, we didn't go to see a lot of movies.


I mean, we went to some, you know, Seminole movies, but it wasn't certainly a, a big part of, of our life. I mean, we had a television, you know, I mean, Sanford and Sun and, you know, the Jeffersons and TBS, Those were the ones you were Watching. Yeah. And the Braves, you know. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Still watch 'em, you know. But, but yeah, so we, I didn't didn't have a lot of screens kind of growing up. That really wasn't a big, a big part of our life. My, my, my aunt Joan and, and her husband, my uncle Mark, they were both actors in the theater and in regional kind of e equity, equity theater, usually like all over kind of the south.


But they traveled a bit up, up north. And, and I, and I grew up watching them on stage, but this entire group of people that I'm talking to you about, all of them, like, you could just hand the microphone to any one of these people and they could just command the room for hours. Mm. And no one interrupted their story because they just wanted to hear it. And it was just a lot of laughter and a lot of weed. Yeah. You know, and they were, they were all deeply empathic people and they wore their, their emotions on their sleeve and they always cared about other people. It seems like it's something that is of great value to you.


Like, one of the details that I always find funny, I've heard you say the, the story a couple of times that like you were runner up for the friendliest person in the mock collection in high school. And the thing about that that really got me was that you hold onto that detail that you were runner up, you know, but also that, like, that is a quality of yours that you feel is important. I do feel that being kind is, is important. I mean, it's not like I excuse my language. It's not like I can't be an I, I can for sure, but I, But it's something that you value. It is something that I value Yeah. Deeply. And this is the women in my family.


This is, this is my mother. We never had a, a washer and dryer when I was young. And so we'd go to the laundromat like a lot of people do. And there was video game there, you know, arcade game centipede or whatever. And she would give me the change to play it. But spending those years in a laundromat, just being around people, my mother's dream in life was to be able to afford to be able to take a thousand dollars out of the bank and, and, and go around to all these other people folding their laundry. And when they weren't like looking, slipping a $20 bill, you know, like, so that when they got home, it's like, wow.


Oh my God. Like in their sweatpants or whatever. That was a dream she would share with you. Yeah. That was a dream. Yeah, absolutely. It's like, what would you do with a million dollars? This is what I would do with a thousand dollars. You know? And, and that led me to have this experience in Cambodia. What did you do? Okay, ready for this? I was traveling in Southeast Asia. I was in Cambodia and then I was in northern Vietnam. I came back to Cambodia and I wanted to go work for an organization. 'cause I met this really cool backpacker. And she said, I just got back and this organization was cool. I called them and I said, I'd really like to come, I'd like to give some money, or I'd like, I'd like to do something. Yeah. Like a lot of people do. The guy, you know, never got back to me.


And, but, so then I had this driver, his name was Tang, and he had this tuk tuuk Right. That he drove me around. I knew enough about the country to know that there are families that still comb the trash pile Yeah. Looking for jewelry and things of value that they can Yeah. That they can make money off of. Correct. So stop at, at TMI had $2,000 and in small bills, and we spent, I'm gonna say 12 hours, just walking that trash pile on top of it, and then the tents and everything that are off to the side. And I just gave it out $20 at a time, just like my mama.


Hmm. And, and it was one of the greatest experiences of my life, You know, to grow up poor, you always have dreams that like, one day I'll be able to do this, or what would you do with this? Or what would you give up in life to have a million dollars? You know, sometimes it's always those, those fantasies and jokes. You started working at 12 years old. Yeah. At 12. And you have had some really interesting jobs before you became an actor. Hmm. You worked a construction site? Yep. Mix. Mix and cement. Yep. Mix and cement. Yep. For, for rock masons. Yep. Skating rink.


Skate skating rink. It was, I think it's all, it's been downhill from there Yeah. As a DJ and a skating rink. Yep. Yep. Going into my summer before my ninth grade year I sold bait. I, I worked with a roofing crew And going to school too. I worked and adventures. Where you going to school? Well, it was summer, right? Yeah. And, but then we had a program once we got into high school where, you know, you could start working, I think in the 11th grade or something like that, or for however many hours that you could work for a week. It was very different back then. And yeah, I got in that program and, and I, I just kept working and I worked at, in retail, you know, at the mall, like a lot of people do, but with one of my best friend, this guy Edwin and a and a crew of guys that I grew up with, we sold newspapers, the Atlanta Journal of Constitution, door to door.


And we would only work like three hours a day. But we had that gift of gab, you know, and, and, and, you know, just to make people have a good time. And we sold so many, so many subscriptions to Atlanta Journal and Constitution. It was so much fun. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you've talked though about like you wanted to have money in your pocket, but you also kind of felt a little bit of insecurity, but maybe even shame about being poor. Oh, God, absolutely. And I, I don't carry it with me so much anymore, but I, I, you know, I think that's one of the most profound kind of insecurities that I had with me for a long time. Two things really. But one being this outsider, you know, not having a lot as a kid.


And that was one moment where I was dating this girl, and I was just, I just liked her so much. I had the biggest crush on this person. And I remember her mom was coming to pick me up, and I think I lied to my mom. She knew where I was gonna, like, I was gonna go. And I said, I think she, well, I think, I think she's gonna be here pretty soon. I didn't give her my address. I gave her my neighbor's address. And I said, okay, mom, I think you're coming. I, I I love you. Bye-bye. And I, you know, ran out and hid in the ditch and I saw these lights kind of coming, and I, and I knew it was them. And so I just jumped out and like, as if I was walking down the driveway and they pulled in and then the porch light kind of came on behind me and I just jumped in the car.


It's like, okay, let's go, let's go. Can't we meet your, you know, your mom? No, no, no. She's, let's just get outta here. And, and the other thing was not having a, not finishing college and not having those four years of deep soulful learning. You spent a year in college, spent a year, and I just wondered about this because you carried like an insecurity about that, that you didn't have maybe that formative education with all the classics and things like that. Yeah. Just being in conversations. When I got out to Los Angeles, there was one ride in particular kind of coming back from San Diego to LA where I was with this group of people that, that all went to these, you know, fancy schools.


And they were talking about literature and referencing all of these different authors and the characters in these books. And I just had no idea what they were talking about. Mm. Nothing. And, and I just kept like, making these mental notes, you know, it was before cell phone. I couldn't put a note down. And it was like, okay, yeah, you're Like, earnest Hemmingway Somerset mom. Yeah. Like all of these different, different things. John Stein Steinbeck. And, and then I just kind of set out to, to, to do that, you know, on my own. But I, I would've given anything to have had that time. I, I wouldn't have traded my life because I, I wouldn't want anything to be altered in my life because I, I'm, I'm so grateful for the life that I, I have not just in this moment, I've always been grateful for my life.


But if I could go back and, and not alter my life, I would take four years meeting, you know, kids in class and, and, and talking politics. And in a second, Why did you leave after a year to go from college? Because I got this offer from American Express to go into debt. You got wait, wait, wait, wait. You gotta tell this. So you, you, you got in the mail. I showed up to college like everybody else and, and I began getting mail. And one of the first pack of advertising was this offer from American Express that said, if you get this card, you'll get two flight vouchers for $99 east of the Mississippi, or $199 west of the Mississippi.


And I looked at them and I thought, all I've gotta do is get this card and, and I can go to Los Angeles for $199. 'cause the, the tickets were so expensive back then, I thought. And At that time you had already had the acting bug, It already started working. Yeah. Yeah. And had done like in the Heat of the Night and in this big movie of the week called Murder Mississippi, about the three slain civil rights workers. Yeah. Had it already crystallized in your mind then, by, by that time that that acting was the career you wanted to go into? I mean, certainly that was a, gonna be a part of my experience was trying it, you know, I mean, endeavoring to do it, endeavoring To learn what it is that you're asking yourself to do.


Absolutely. I would be lying if I said otherwise. But it was really also to have an experience. Like, I just wanted to get out. I just wanted to see the world. I wanted a passport that was filled with stamps from all over the world. Hmm. And that's what I wanted. And coming to Los Angeles, being able to at least try to, to become a storyteller, was going to be a part of my journey. And then if that didn't work out, you know, I, I don't know what I would've done, but it would have, I would have had a passport filled with stamps from other countries that I do know. Hmm. How much money did you come to LA with in your pocket?


300 bucks. There's an element when you grow up in poverty that a little bit of it always stays with you. Always. What are the ways that you might know that others may not even perceive? I still say my per diem. Like, you know, I understand, you know, the value of a dollar. I Understand. And the per diem is what, what the studio gives you or what they give you when you're on a movie. Like for a living allowance. Yeah. A living allowance. Living allowance. Yeah. And I will spend a thousand dollars on a meal, but only after I've eaten for free for 10 days. You know what I mean? Yeah. Just the insecurity of, even though I never lost a house, my mom never lost her house or anything like that, but the insecurity of not being able to provide for my family.


I wanna talk about some of your early roles, because one of your first roles happened in 1997 with Robert Deval on the Apostle. And this film to remind people, Deval plays Sonny, he is a Pentecostal preacher, and he's charismatic, but deeply flawed. And you play this young man, Sam, who becomes a born again Christian after you meet Duvall's character. I read that after you all finished filming, Duvall took you to lunch. Yeah. And he gave you some advice. Well, he gave me some advice, you know, and he gave me a, a compliment that I, I certainly wasn't expecting.


We were at, at, at lunch and, and he said, oh, I wanna tell you something. Hey, hey. And he said, you know, not many people can do what you just did. Not many people are willing to do what you just did. And because you're not thinking about it and you're just coming from your heart, there is no filter on you, and you're turning yourself over to an imaginary set of circumstances. But he said, don't lose that. He said, I don't even think you're fearless. I don't even think fear comes into it. I mean, I think maybe you're fearful, but I, you know, I don't think it's a decision for you to be fearless. I don't think you came to this job thinking, I'm gonna show people, I'm gonna just let it all hang out.


It's just in your body. And don't ever, ever, ever lose that. Like, be that open. Always. What he was saying was, you're, you're not jaded. You're not, I mean, it's not like you don't have obstacles that you need to overcome and deep insecurities, but what you do have is an open heart. And don't, don't lose that man. Mm. You know what I mean? Always come from that, even if you get it wrong. But don't lose that love and passion for this work or that you've, you know, appear to have in life. Our guest today is actor Walton Goggins.


We'll be right back after a short break. I'm m Tanya Mosley, and This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Saatva Spring Cleaning can be good for your home and your mind. It can boost your mood, sharpen your focus and fuel productivity. Another way to do all that Sleeping well voted best luxury mattress by sleep foundation.org. Every Saatva is handcrafted for a great night's sleep, and they cost far less than retail. This Memorial Day save $600 on $1,000 or more at sofa.com/npr.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.


This message comes from MIDI Health. Women in midlife face a healthcare desert, but MIDI is here to fill the gap, offering expert care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance, hot flashes, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, and moodiness. Don't have to be accepted as just another part of aging. MIDI clinicians Understand how these symptoms can connect to menopause and prescribe a wide range of solutions. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.


This message comes from DSW. Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


One of the things about you as an actor that I I see over and over again is that, you know, you're memorable and every single thing that you're in, people remember you. And it's also true that you haven't gotten quite a bit of roles because you're so memorable. Because can they have this guy who's like, everyone can see and know, be like the supporting actor? Was that ever frustrating for you at any point in your career? Well, I, I just never, I, you know, I've been around for such a long time based on my, on my looks or my personality, I'm, you know, I'm not like a conventional leading man, or I haven't been, you know, my whole life.


And, and the people that knew what to do with me knew what to, to do with me early on, but I just didn't have those opportunities and film, you know, a couple of like, kind of leading roles that movies that no one saw. And I, and I'm, I'm still so proud of them and I just, I made the most out of every single opportunity that I was given. And because the only thing that you can control in this business is the work that you put into it. Right. Expecting nothing in return. And I have had that. I just didn't have those opportunities. And it was only once television kind of opened up for me that, that I began to carve out a space for me, you know, with, with these opportunities that went, you know, in, in, in many different ways.


But for the most part, if you get the opportunity to go to work, you go to work. Whenever you've been away from it a little long because your ego got involved and you think, oh, well that's beneath me. Is it really go to work? Have you had those moments? Oh man, you know, after the Shield, you know, I mean, it was prestige television at the dawning of this last iteration of that. Was This a really shield a big regular series? Yeah. Yeah. 2001. Yeah. It would've been, we did the pilot before nine 11 and, and then they picked it up and we went to work, whatever, six or seven months later. But after that experience, you know, seven years having that experience after that, you know, I, I couldn't get a job for anything.


You know, nothing kind of came my way. And I guess because just like, like when people saw the Apostle, we had a premier at the Toronto Film Festival, and I remember my manager's friend leaning in and whispering my ear, this is gonna be a big movie for you. Even though you, you know, you have a smaller part, you take it emotionally, get ready. Nothing happened because people thought I was just from New Orleans and from Louisiana and I just got this local hire or whatever. And people thought that about me, like for a really long time. Just, Did you get excited about that? 'cause like, I'm just thinking you've been in so many, you know, like, okay, you're in the apostle then the shield, then you go into these prestige movies.


I didn't think too much about it, to be quite honest with you, Tanya. I just thought, just go back to work. And so after, after the Shield, nothing happened. And then a friend of mine was doing this movie and offered me a really, really small part. And my ego was in the way. It was like, man, I just want more. And I was walking with my wife, she looked at me and said, you need to go to work. And I said, yeah, that's exactly what I need to do. I'm gonna call him right now. And I did. And I took it and work begets work. And, and so for me, that's happened two or three times in my, after the Hateful eight. I, I could phone didn't ring, you know, for a long time. And it's like, man, this is, this is Quentin. This is a pretty good role.


I mean, that's Pretty good people. I mean like right. Everybody's thinking, this is the moment. Okay, I'm in a Quentin Tarantino movie. Yeah. The second one, second, right? Yeah. With Sam and with Kurt and Jen and Tim. Like, and, and I couldn't get a job. And then I got a phone call to do something and, and I just thought, yeah, you know what? I could, I could do that. And it was just, it's almost like God just said, okay, well you, you're just gonna have to keep moving, you know what I mean? You're gonna have to keep swimming upstream and, and all of these different ways and go off on this little tributary or, or this one here, because those are the opportunities that you're getting. So just say yes. It's interesting you mentioned your wife, you know, you're for, you're going for a walk and she can see in you, you gotta go to work.


She can feel that restlessness in you. You all have done a project together, the uninvited, and this is your wife's very first movie. I wanna tell people a little bit about the uninvited. So the story centers on a single evening in the Hollywood Hills Rose is the main character. She's a former stage actress, turned reluctant housewife. And you play her husband Sammy. He's a Hollywood talent agent. He's like a, you know, bombastic kind of like guy. And the two of you throw this small but high stakes party at this lavish home to impress Sammy's biggest client. It's a hotshot director.


One of the things your wife does in the writing is she illuminates really like this idea of how wealth and status really can't shut out the realities of life that like all of the things still happen to this family, despite the fact that they're wealthy and they're in this big Hollywood home and this woman who comes that's older and is confused, she represents so many things. It all just kind of comes crashing in. I think one of the most important takeaways for the movie for me is that the uninvited is actually an invitation to live your life more meaningfully. And, and that's what all of these characters do.


They have money, but, but as they say in the movie, they're, most of this is borrowed anyway. They're just renting their, they bought a house that they'll never be able to pay for. It's just a facade. You know, they're on a treadmill like ev everyone else. And then this woman shows up at their house and is the great disruptor to, you know, shake all of these people out of walking through life, you know, numbly without, without kind of experiencing everything that's kind of going on around you. And, and she's a great catalyst for change for all these people. And it happened to us Party. It's based on Yeah. Like a real story almost. Yeah. We were at a party that we were throwing at our house, and a woman showed up in her eighties and rang the buzzer and said, I, I need to get in my house, please.


Mm. And yeah, so it's predicated on that. It's, and it's a great story. People have really responded to it. I'm really proud of my wife. But Because it's an independent film, right? You've got Pedro Pascal, there's some, some big names In this movie. Ruth Lois Smith. Yeah, Elizabeth Reer. Yeah. Some, some, some really, really great people. You know, these are life experiences, but I can't help but think about how they're infused in what you do because you're wanting to have these human connections with people and understand people. And one of the things you're just known for, you're taking on comedic acting, you're taking on serious roles, you're inhabiting people that are characters.


They seem like singular forces, but there's something that you are pulling from these different experiences that are they showing up in the work that you do? 'cause I feel like it is, I, I, I think so thank you very much for saying that first and foremost. But I, I do The art of storytelling, the job of storytelling, the privilege of storytelling, for me, it is a religion. And the way that I was raised, the people that raised me and their empathy for the world around them and for their fellow men and women, is how I approach every job that I do.


I just, I love getting close to these people that, that I, I get to play that I've had the opportunity to play and, and understanding the world from their point of view. But that's always been with me since I was a kid. 'cause that's how I was raised. And So it makes you emotional. It is. And I just, like, every time you get to this point, you start, you start to get emotional. I'm just wanting to know what is it? Well, okay, well, I think about the shield, you know, and I think about the ending of that, and I think about the tragedy of this person who, who was under the influence of this guy, Vic Mackey so brilliantly played by Chila. And I think about the way that his life ended.


And I think about him being on the run, and I think about the conversation that he had once he found love in his life and he was his own man without much time left to live because like he, he found peace and something to live for. And I go right back there. Every single time I talk about it, I look at Boyd Crowder's journey and it is not so different from my own. It is a dude who is just trying to get out of poverty and reinvent himself, not so that other people can see him in a certain way so that he can see himself in a different way. And his whole journey is something that is so profoundly intimate to me. Just like the Rick and the White Lotus, every single thing, the, the role in the Hateful eight, Chris Manix is dying on the bed thinking about what does it take to change the heart and mind of one white dude?


You know, what does that mean really? And all of these people, they mean something to me. And what's so exciting about my life is that I'm not done. There are more people for me to meet. Whether I get it right or whether I don't get it right is irrelevant to me. I will always strive to understand these people with the level of empathy and curiosity that I, that was instilled in me from my childhood and that I moved through life with. You mentioned Boyd Crowder, and that's from the show Justified. It debuted in 2010, it ran for six seasons. Your character Boyd, he's this charismatic outlaw, and you star alongside Timothy Olifant who plays us, Marshall Raylon Gibbons.


And both of you are shaped by the same world, but of course you have different outcomes. Well, the scene that I wanna play is from the end of the series, and I wanna play it because it kind of goes back to something you're talking about when you keep going back to home, like the foundation of who you are. So at the end of the series, when Boyd is in prison and Raelin comes to deliver some news to him face to face, you all say this thing and your character speaks first. Let's listen. Can I ask you one question before you go? As long as you understand. If it annoys me, I'm just going to hang up Scouts on Tramble Penitentiary is a long way from Miami railing.


Now you could have called the warden could have sent word to my lawyer, ask him why I came, thought it was news that should be delivered in person. I told him the reason after all these long years we givens. That's the only reason. And I suppose if I allow myself to be sentimental, despite all that has occurred, there is one thing I wander back to.


We dug coal together. That's right. Huh? That's My guest today, Walton Goggins from the FX series. Justified. It's the statement that echoes through the show that we dug coal together. Yeah. The people, we move on, we go in different directions. But there's that tie that always holds us together. You know, always some of the things you've said about yourself when you were young are all the things you shared. But there's also, was there a moment in time when there could have been another path for you when you got in trouble, when you got into some things or people that you've left behind that you dug coal together with, but, but have taken another path?


I mean, you know, we dug coal as a metaphor for so many things in our lives, right? Yeah. But yeah, there were, you know, people that I grew up with that, you know, that, that, that died, you know, or, or friends, that, that just went a different way. I, I don't think that that was ever, ever gonna happen for me. I I don't think I had a choice. I, if you're just joining us, I'm talking to actor Walton Goggins. We'll continue our conversation after a short break. This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.


This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more at Capella dot edu.


This message comes from Sony Pictures classics presenting Jane Austen wrecked my life starring Camille Rutherford, a new romantic comedy about a Parisian woman who dreams of becoming a successful writer and experiencing true love. While attending a Jane Austen Writer's Residency in England, Jane Austen wrecked my life now playing select cities. For more information and tickets, visit Jane Austen wrecked my life.com.


I wanna talk a little bit about Baby Billy from the Righteous gemstones. I just talked to Danny McBride, the creator. I know you all have now become dear friends. I know Baby Billy is like a composite of a lot of different people. You and Danny McBride went into a room together and you kind of created this person. I need to know more about where you got that from and like where you, the accent all of it. It's like somebody I know, it's like my, my uncle in Mississippi, you know, like, get over here. Yeah. Like that. Where did you get that from? Well, you know, I, I really, I, and I, and I genuinely mean this, I've said this so many times, but I don't believe in playing a character. I don't believe in making choices. I don't sit in a room and go, oh, is it, is baby Billy around here? Is he, what is he, oh, is baby Billy here?


Like, where is he? How does he walk? I, I don't really think about those things. I don't stand in front of a mirror and go, whoa, what wouldn't it be interesting like from a yeah. Cerebral kind of analytical point of view. You just put on the costume and put on the clothes and then you're just that person. I, I just spent so much time in my imagination imagining these people are real, But they come from probably the pieces Along the way. They come. Absolutely. So, okay. My father, there's an a bit of Billy, your dad. Yes, absolutely. Yeah. Just kind of like a, a big flamboyant personality that can just fill up a room. And my father's an an amazing guy and a and a really entertaining guy.


He was a tough guy for a long time when I was growing up, but he's a very, very, very interesting person. You know, I'm Walton Sanders Goggins Jr. And my half brother is Walton Sanders, Goggins ii you know, my, my father is probably by definition a, you know, a clinical narcissist, but he's also, he's a good man. My father has a really good heart and like all of us, he just did the best he could, you know, with his trauma. And I do have a lot of forgiveness in, in my heart. And God, not even forgiveness, just understanding at this point, The father son relationship was a prominent through line in the White Lotus, your character Rick went to Thailand in search of the person who he thought was responsible, right.


For his father's death. It's really interesting when you talk about like this place that you've come to with your own father and that character arc. But what was it like to be a part of such a, a series on the other side of it that really takes on these real serious societal issues through these very dysfunctional people? Well, you know, I can tell you that my own relationship with my own father, I was very angry at my own father. And it was that you had To move Through, right? That I had to move through. And it was, it wasn't all gone, you know, like a miracle in that moment. But it, it did open the door.


Mm. And it did allow me to begin that process and it did speed it up because I, I wanted to have that forgiveness. And Rick is, for the first time in his life, two weeks before this show started, he is someone who is in a, in a moment of doing inventory in his whole life, in a, in a sober moment, looks around and says, how did I get here? Why am I here? Why am I living this life? And, and there in, in his mind is one person that is responsible for that, that permanently altered the course of his life in a very negative way.


And Mike White with all of these stories, but this one in particular, he brings such a deeply nuanced observation of these experiences in, in the world. And he's able to tell them with, with humor, but with pathos and with anger, you know, in a way that very few people can. Walton Goggins, this has been such a pleasure to talk with you. It has been such a pleasure to be in your company. Thank you so much for this conversation. Truly Walton Goggins stars in the new film, the Uninvited, it's now available for streaming on demand and in select theaters after a short break, TV critic David B and Cooley reviews the two-part HBO documentary peewee as Himself.


This is Fresh Air.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management and advice. When you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on Think or swim. Visit Schwab dot com To learn more.


This message comes from Charles Schwab with their original podcast. Choice Choice is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Download the latest episode and subscribe at Schwab dot com slash podcast.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having rinse. Do it for you. With one touch in-app, scheduling, pickup and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear, handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse combines human care with seamless technology to make laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at rinse.com and save $20 on your first order.


Paul Rubins, the actor best known for his alter ego of Pee Wee Herman died in 2023 after a private six year battle with cancer. Near the end of his life, Rubin's collaborated on a documentary sitting for 40 hours of intimate interviews with director Matt Wolf. The result of that effort is the two-part HBO documentary Peewee as Himself, which premieres Friday, May 23rd, TV critic, David Bian Cooley has this review When Paul Rubin speaks directly to the camera in Peewee as himself, framed tightly by the lens and looking frail, but still feisty. It's as though he's delivering his last will and testament.


And he says as much, This is such a dumb thing to say, but you know, death is just so final. You know that, that to be able to like get your message in at the last minute or at some point is incredible. So what is his message in this new documentary? On one level, Ruben sets out to explain his artistic process and the inspirations and motivations behind the character of Pee Wee Herman. On another level, he explores what he gained and lost by refusing to be seen or interviewed as himself.


For the whole time, Peewee was starring in movies or television and most delicately and intriguingly, Paul Rubins provides his point of view about things that rarely were discussed by him during his lifetime, from his private life and sexuality to his infamous arrest on charges of public indecency. In covering all this ground, Rubens opens up his Pack Rat Archive of personal Photos and home movies. Director Matt Wolfe interviews other people as well, such as Lorraine Newman, who worked with Rubens in the LA Improv Group, the Groundlings and Directors, Tim Burton and Judd Apatow, and several actors who appeared in the long running CBS Children's Series, PeeWee's Playhouse, including Lawrence Fishburne, Natasha Leone, and Esa Petha Merkerson.


By the time Reuben's took his peewee character to Saturday morning TV in 1986, he says he knew exactly what he wanted to do and Merkerson says she appreciated it. I just felt right from the get go. Something that I could do that could be very important and very subliminal, would be to just make the show very inclusive and not comment on it in any way. Captain Kangaroo, soupy, sales, howdy duty. You know, none of those shows did I see myself reflected so that I had the opportunity to be a part of a show that young black kids would see and go, oh, there's a image of me here.


That means a lot to me. The Road to PeeWee's Playhouse, an utterly brilliant TV show is relayed by PeeWee's alter ego in bursts of quick but clear developmental insights, the shows he watched As a kid, I was absolutely transformed in such a strong way by so many things in early television. I wanted to jump into my TV and live in that world. Take it, what time is it? My favorite kid shows were absolutely like howdy duty Captain Kangaroo and the Mickey Mouse Club, His inspirations for the name Pee Wee Herman.


I Had a little harmonica, a little tiny harmonica this big that said peewee on it, and I thought peewee and I knew this kid when I was little, who was like this crazy like really loud, nutty kid. And his last name was Herman. And I thought, pee Wee Herman sounds so weird that it sounds real. It just didn't sound like a made up name at all. Like Carrie Grant or like Rock Hudson or like a made up name. It sounded Pee Wee Herman. Like if you were making up a name, wouldn't you make up a better name than that? And noting the meteoric rise of Pee Wee from an improv bit at the Groundlings to the star of his own stage show, movie and TV series.


His view of the effects of stardom on his own carefully cultivated privacy. If I was conflicted about sexuality, fame was so much more complicated. By the time I realized that you trade in anonymity and privacy for success, the ink had dried on my pack with the devil. All of that imploded in 1991 after an event reported by CBS Anchor, Dan Rather, In Sarasota, Florida actor Paul Rubins, better known as TV's, pee Wee Herman is free on bail. After being charged with indecent exposure in an adult movie theater, CBS announced today that under the circumstances the network is dropping scheduled reruns of the program.


PeeWee's Playhouse. Paul Rubins addresses all of this, frankly, taking great pains to explain his point of view. Yet that's not the most compelling or illuminating part of this documentary. The part that reveals the most, especially about Paul Rubins as an artist and a person, is his constant tug of war with the documentary's director Matt Wolf. At times, Rubins is goofing around during the interviews and being coy. Other times he tells Wolf he doesn't trust him and would rather get his message out himself without Wolf's editorial interference. Peewee as himself makes clear that Paul Rubins was a control freak of sorts.


And at the end, Reuben's finally gets in the last word, unfiltered. It's worth hearing. And for this HBO documentary, it's just the right coda. David Bian Cooley is a professor of television studies at Rowan University. He reviewed the new documentary Peewee as Himself premiering tomorrow on HBO with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Mosley.


This message comes from Total Wine and more summer's here. And whether you're hosting friends or chilling on the patio, they've got the season's best wines, spirits, spears, and all the cocktail fixings, all at the lowest prices hosting a get together this Memorial Day weekend. Their friendly guides can help you find what suits your needs with the lowest pricing for over 30 years. Find what you love and love what you find only at total wine and more.


This message comes from travel, Nevada, sand dunes, old saloons, high noes, pioneer trails and cowboy tails. Snooze emails. Get a little out there. Plan your trip@www.travel nevada.com.


This message comes from Bluehost. Bluehost can make building a great website easy and offers a 30 day money back guarantee. Customize and launch your site in minutes with ai, then optimize with built-in search engine tools. Get your great site@bluehost.com.