
This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes car selling easy. Enter your license plate or Vin, answer some questions, and Carvana will give you a real offer in seconds. Whether you're looking to sell your car right now or whenever feels right, go to carvana.com to sell your car the convenient way.


This is Fresh Air. I'm m Tanya Moseley Werner Herzog is a writer and director known for his unique approach to storytelling that often delves into the extremes, extreme personalities, predicaments, and places a gire. The wrath of God follows a mad conquistador and the 16th century as he navigates the treacherous Amazon jungle. Then there's Fitzcarraldo where Herzog tells the story of a European man living in Peru, who becomes obsessed with bringing opera to the Amazon to achieve his dream. He faces an incredible challenge getting a steamship over a mountain to reach a river. It's a wild premise, and it's made even more intense by the performances of Klaus Kinsky, who plays a madman In both films, Hertzog has remarked that Kinsky is not just acting.


He was an actual madman in real life. Kinsky also starred in Herzog's haunting version of Nosferatu and appeared in the documentary Grizzly Man, which tells the tragic story of a man who lived among grizzly bears in Alaska, believing he was protecting them until one day a bear eats him. Herzog's own life has been shaped by extremes too. Born in Munich during World War ii, his mother rescued him as a baby from his crib, which was covered in shattered glass and debris. After Allied bombs devastated nearby homes, his mother fled to a remote part of Bavaria for safety, where she raised him and his brother in poverty.


Throughout his life, Herzog has endured numerous injuries, ski, jumping, and while making films, his cast and crew have faced their share of challenges too. Those who may not be familiar with Herzog's films often recognize him for his sinister roles and popular shows like Jack Reacher, the Mandalorian, and even The Simpsons. Today, Hertzog divides his time between Los Angeles and Munich, and Terry Gross spoke to him last year. His memoir is now available in paperback. It's called Every Man For Himself and God Against All, Warn Hertzog, welcome back to Fresh Air. Thank you for having me again.


Oh, yeah, it is always my pleasure. Do you know why you're attracted to extremes in your life and in your films? I don't see that much as extremes. You see, when you move a ship over a mountain, it is doable, and I knew it was doable, although quite hard. But I think it is a, it is such a big metaphor, like in literature, you have it, for example, the white whale Moby Dick, and the hunt for it, donte attacking the windmills with his lands. So there are big metaphors, a big vision out there. And then it doesn't matter if it's becoming difficult or not.


And of course, I disagree a little bit about what you said about risking things. Yes, I have risked personally things. I test the problems and the obstacles and the dangers. But in 80 or so films, not a single actor was ever injured, not one. So it's my proof that I must be circumspect, that I must be careful. Of course, sometimes crew members were hurt, but they would volunteer, even push me, for example, let's go through the rapids with a ship, and it's a big one. I mean, 320 tons, and if it crashes into the rocks, it has a momentum and a kinetic energy that's enormous.


And, and of course, almost everyone who was on board for filming, and they pushed me, let's go on board and let's film this. Almost everyone was, was injured. But that does happen, and it's a risk that we, that we knew and we accepted it. But my question still stands, why do you think you're attracted to making films that put you in risky situations? And that put you in extreme situations? It's one thing to have in the film a metaphor, like dragging a ship over a mountain. But it's another thing to actually have to do it in your film, you know, at, at that point, it's not a metaphor at that point.


It's something your crew has to do. I hear you. Yes, but I'm not searching for finding my boundaries or some, the extreme mountain climbers do that. That's not my thing. I, I know my boundaries and I accept them, and I take no as an answer. For example, and I'm a professional person. I'm a filmmaker, and I want to come back with a film, and I want to come back alive because I want to edit the film and I want to show it to audiences. So for example, at the edge of a volcano, yes, there were certain dangers and there was an eruption and glowing slabs or blobs of, of lava came down on us, raining down.


And some of them very large. I mean, the size of a, the size of a car, the size even of a truck. So you better flee quickly, you get out of it. But I'm not searching the dangers. The, the nature of my storytelling sometimes requires to go into extreme situations, yes. But I think to look deep into our human nature, to look deep into the darkest recesses of our soul or the hidden things deep in our soul, you have to put human beings at some sort of an edge.


You grew up in extreme circumstances during World War II in Munich, and then in remote part of Bavaria in the mountains where you were poor. And there was one time where your mother, when you were living in Bavaria during the war, took you and your brother up a slope to get a better view of rosenheim a city in Bavaria that had been bombed and was on fire. And you describe it as a vest inferno tracing the terrible pulse of the end of the world on the night sky. I knew that outside of our tight valley, there was a whole world that was dangerous and spectral. Not that I was afraid of it, I was curious to know it.


A lot of people would've been afraid of it. Why were you more curious to know it? Well, I was too young. You see, number one, when my mother fled Munich, I was only two weeks old, 14 days old when there was carpet bombing on Munich. Of course, there's no memory anything. The childhood was very, very closed and very beautiful. But when I was two and a half, and it's my very first memory, my mother wakes us up abruptly in the middle of the night. It must have been April, 1945. And she says, you have to see it. Boys wraps us in, blankets, rushes up on a slope.


And at the end of the valley, the entire sky was red and orange, but not flickering because it, Guggenheim is 40 miles away. So the entire sky is pulsing slowly red and orange. And that somehow is embedded in my memory forever. And of course, I knew all of a sudden there's something out there, there's a world out there, there's war out there. There is a configuration out there. And I became curious, and it's strange because my two brothers who grew up with me did not move out in were that curious.


They were very successful in their professions, but not like me. I was, I was one who would move to Antarctica or to the jungle, or to the Sahara desert, to, to do my work. So when you were young, you got into a fight with your older brother, and you stabbed him in the wrist and the thigh, there was blood all over. And you write that you realized you, you urgently needed some self-discipline. What did you do to acquire that self-discipline? It was from one moment to the next. I knew that something like that cannot happen again. And that's how a character is being formed, defeats, catastrophes that I created.


And of course that shaped my character. And from one moment to the next, I knew You have to control what is wild in you. You have to be disciplined. And until today, 90% of what you see when you meet me is disciplined. People think, yeah, I'm the Wild Guy out there. And so now it's, I'm, I'm a disciplined professional. And at that time, family of course, was important because we grew up with our mother who raised us. We were three brothers and one mother. We lived in one single room in a sort of pen.


We called it, it's a boarding, boarding house. And, and of course we had clashes like brothers would have. And until today, it's mysterious to, to foreigners. Not long ago, a few years ago, I visited my older brother in Spain where he had built himself a big, a big house, and he had a wonderful sailing boat. And we were at a fifth restaurant, and he, I studied the menu and he put his arm around my shoulder, and all of a sudden, I, I feel some stinging thing in my back. And I smell smoke, and I realize he has set my shirt on fire with his cigarette lighter.


And, and we laughed so hard and everybody around on the table was appalled. But, but sometime that's how brothers sometimes function. And I love him dearly and, and we do mischievous things to each other. It, it does happen. And it's not that serious. You see, somebody gave me his t-shirt and we, we cooled my back with a, a few glasses of proco. And that was that, That strikes me as slightly less than hilarious and kind of dangerous. It No, it was hilarious. Come on, a shirt doesn't really burn. I mean, it, it glows and glimmers a little bit. But that was his joke.


You know, you talk about wanting to see the dark recesses of the soul, but you also, right, when it comes to your soul that you'd rather die than go to an analyst because it's your view that something fundamentally wrong happens there. And you, you say it's a mistake to light up your soul, shadows and darkness and all. Why do you not wanna light up your own soul, but want to explore the dark recesses of other people's souls? Well, that's my profession. That's my profession as a poet. And you look deep into who we are and you describe it, but you shouldn't make the mistake to believe that memoirs are confessional.


I'm not into that business, and I never liked to deep respect. There's enough in, in my memoirs, there's enough introspection. There's no doubt it's in there, but to a certain limit. And I do not want to step beyond a, a certain threshold. It, it is not healthy. If you circle too much around your own navel, and it is not good to recall all the trauma to of your childhood, it's good to forget them. It's good to bury them. Not in all cases, but in most cases.


So it psychoanalysis is doing that. I do not deny that it is, that it is good and necessary in the very few cases, yes, I admit it, but it's not my thing. And I keep telling men. So you see, rather, rather dead than going to a psychiatrist, but at the same time, rather dead than ever wearing a toupee. You see, my hair is thinning and that's just accept it as it is. So no thing rather dead. Yeah. It's nice to know you have your values straight.


And women, women would immediately, would immediately agree with me. You can't, you cannot live with a man who starts to, to wear, to pay and thinks. He, he, he's, he's handsome now and rejuvenate. Are You afraid of what you'd see if you shone a light on your soul? No. No. I, I know who I am and I know where I come from and I know where I'm heading to toward no, no fear and I no regrets. Sure. I made massive mistakes and I'm in a way, a result of my own defeats.


So be it. They formed me. They made me, they made me thinking beyond what I normally thought before. One of the films that made you famous is a Gere, the Wrath of God. And this is a film about a conquistador leading a Spanish expedition in South America, searching for El Dorado, the the city of gold. And he goes mad along the way. He calls himself the wrath of God. What interests you about a mind that makes you want to, to write about it? Or, or, you know? Yeah.


Well, there are somehow touching a chord that's in us, something, something mad or a borderline mad, something of, of power and dementia and madness. And through such figures, all of a sudden we, we have it spelled out. We can feel it, we can touch it, we can read it and sense it and start to compare it where I am standing. How mad am I myself? Do you feel like you are mad? No, no. I'm the only one in the entire professional is clinically sane.


Explain that. Oh, come on. I wouldn't have made some 80 films without having my wits together and my sanity and my professionalism. And the only one, when you look at the craze of Hollywood and all these red carpet events in the statements at the red carpet, which are all performative, it's all performative borderline insanity in a way. Or, or sine pink sort of vanilla ice cream emotions. I am the only one who is sane, the only one.


All right. I'm definitely taking your word for it. Please make sure, and you can read it. Every single line in my, in my memoir shows you that I'm, that I'm absolutely sane in an ocean of, of craze. IgE is about a Spanish conquistador who goes mad. And you can argue that Fitzcarraldo is a little mad too. And the actor who you got to play both of them is Klaus Kinski, who you describe as a madman. And you knew him since you were 13, and he was 36 and, and you were living in the same boarding house, and, and you knew he'd go into rages, you'd witnessed his rages.


Was it, did it seem like a good idea to you to have somebody who seemed mad play mad men? I mean, or was it just your confidence in him as a, as an actor? We have to be careful. I, I said it. Yes. He, he was mad or, or in, in moments of paranoia, but he had splendid moments of friendship and warmth and inside. So he was, had quite a few facets. And of course, since I lived in the same boarding house with him, directly with him, and saw the, the tornado laying waste to the entire apartment. So I knew what was coming at me when some nine or 10 years later, I invited him to play the leading part in agar the wrath of God.


I knew it was going to be difficult, but I said to me, so what the real task now is, since he's such a incredible actor, since he has such a presence and dynamic and authority on the screen, I have to domesticate the wild beasts somehow. All his crazy attitudes should not explode outside of the screen during a dinner or after dinner where he opens fire at a hut full of extras. It shouldn't happen. It should be all somehow organized for the screen itself. And I think that that was my achievement Outside of him actually firing into the tent, you know, into the hut, which, which happened.


So I guess you were partially successful with that? No, not partially successful. I was con successful because I made five films with him. And, and they all, when you look at them and forget about Kinsky and forget about his private crazed personality and his egomania, forget about all this. There are five films out there that have something that you normally do not see in a movie, a presence and an intensity of a leading character that's unprecedented. I have only a few precedents are there, like the young Marlon Brando for, for example.


And no matter how difficult it was to, to tame him, to domesticate the beast, it doesn't matter. The only thing, the only only thing that counts, what do you see on a screen? Well, you can't argue that his presence isn't remarkable on screen. I mean, you can't take your eyes off of him. But there is that thing that one person had part of his finger shot off when Kinski fired into the bamboo hut. So, I mean, that matters too. I, I mean, I understand that what really matters to you as a filmmaker is what you see on screen.


But there was some collateral damage. Yes, but that was the most serious thing that ever happened. And of course, it is serious and you have to, to cope with it. And, and I threatened Kinsky. I was actually there Wild G rumors about it that I had a gun in my hands. And so that's not true. But I threatened him and he understood this was not, not a joke anymore. And he had to be disciplined From, from now on and through all the other films I made with him, never anything of this magnitude ever happened.


Filmmaker Werner Herzog, talking to Terry Gross last year, his memoir, Every Man for Himself and God Against All is now out in paperback. We'll be right back after a short break. I'm m Tanya Moseley, and This is Fresh Air


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Saatva Saatva luxury mattresses are every bit as elegant as the most expensive brands, but because they're sold online, they're about half the price. Visit SA tva.com/npr and save an additional $200


From the online trends that dominated 2024 on the spectrum Of brat to demure. Where are you right Now? To spicy TikTok viral reads, these romance fantasy books about dragons NPR kept you up to speed on pop culture all year long. Give back to the news source that just hits different by donating today@donate.npr.org. And thank you.


This message comes from NPR sponsored Grammarly. You use multiple platforms every day at work. Writing is involved for most of them. That's why Grammarly works where you work. 96% of Grammarly users say it helps them create more impactful writing. It works across 500,000 apps and websites with one click go from editing drafts and hours to seconds. Sign up and download for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's G-R-A-M-M-A-R y.com/podcast. Easy said. Done.


You grew up, well, your very early years we're during World War ii, and then you grew up in the aftermath. Your father was a Nazi and he fought in the war, but it was mostly like in the supply room, I think. Yeah. Yeah. And your mother was briefly a national socialist. Did they talk with you ever about Nazism? We didn't talk that much. My mother, it was obvious she was very early on embarrassed about being, having been misguided. And, and she practically, of course, she had to, to raise all alone, three children. There was no money. My father never paid anything to support us.


And she, she became a completely different person. And, and of course it was always lingering out there. And of course, I was fascinated by what happened to Germany. How is it possible that within a few years such a cultured nation lapses into, transforms into a world of barbarism? Well, even your father, your father was from an academic family. I mean, he was from a very educated family. He was an academic himself. Yes. So you must have wondered the same about your father. How could somebody who was educated from a very educated family? Yes. And it happened to many other educated families.


There was no one spared. I mean, Germany was almost a hundred percent Nazi. The dissidents, yes, they were out there, but they ended up in, in consideration camps very quickly. You know, your mother took you to Bavaria in the mountains to escape the bombing. But in retrospect, she also escaped the Nazis. She escaped her own country. I mean her own people In a way. Yes. But of course, in this village there were also Nazis and Oh, sure. I hadn't thought of that. Did you know that? Yes. There were also Nazis. I, well, much later, I took some time. I thought, I didn't even know what Germany was.


It was the valley where, where we grew up in this remote place in the waterfall, in the gorge behind the house. That was our world. And of course, the daily struggle, we had no running water. You had to go to the well with a bucket. We didn't have any running water in the house. So my, my shower was the ice cold water of the waterfall deep in the gorge and, and hardly any electricity. I didn't know of the existence of cinema until I was 11. I think the first time I noticed that there was something like Germany, I must have been seven or eight years old for me.


The world was around me, and that was it. And of course, I started to question and I started to understand how does chaos and barbarism invade a fairly organized country? And that's why I wanted to go to the chaos of Eastern Congo after its independence, which I never reached, and I probably wouldn't have survived it. Your parents had to undergo deification after the war? Yes. Did they ever tell you what that entailed? My mother, my father was always outside of my life. I hardly knew him.


Your, your father, you hardly knew. Did your mother tell you? Yes, but not very much. It was fairly laconic. And She said, look at me, that's me now. And I did a very, very severe mistake in my life, and my character had to readjust. I'm a different person, I think differently now. And so I, I accepted it. And for example, she was never a racist, never deep into Nazi ideology at all.


How do you think growing up during the war affected you, even though you were at a remove from it in the mountains in, in the war and, and its aftermath? It is more the aftermath and, and the restrictions were, for example, I noticed that we were hungry. That was the only thing that was really hard, hard to take otherwise, that we lived in, in very deep poverty. I didn't notice it was a normal thing and everyone around us was, was impoverished. And so it, it was, it was nothing really special. Only much later I, I understood what poverty meant, but that I had gone through it never affected me.


Although you say that, I'm wondering if you're thinking at all about the children in Israel and in Gaza, like children in Israel were kidnapped, there's been missile attacks, children in Gaza have getting bombed, many children have been killed. I'm wondering if you're thinking about that a lot Now It's, yes. You, you have somebody talking to you who grew up in a war. I, we were bombed out. There were, there was a foot of glass char and bricks and debris on my cradle when I was 14 days old. So I, and then of course I grew up in, in post, in post-war time, starvation, poverty.


And since I had this experience, for me, it's obvious that there shouldn't be any war. I'm against any war at all. And, and of course, it is terrible what we are witnessing now. It is terrible. It is terrible and it shouldn't be. But what can I, what can I do? I, I cannot fight as a volunteer in this war. Well, would you, if you could, it sounds like you're against war and wouldn't wanna participate in one. You know, why would participate if in Germany, all of a sudden neo-Nazis started a rebellion, an armed rebellion, a you would know who would be first one to rush back and pick up a weapon?


It would be me. I would fight Because, Because something like times of the barbarism of the Nazis must not repeat itself. You see, as long as there express in me, I would fight. I understand that. And of course, having caused, having created the holocaust, Germany has specific attention to Israel. There's no doubt. But we also now, since it'll, it'll be terrible what's coming. We also have to look after, after all the casualties on, on both sides.


We need to take another short break here. So let me reintroduce you, if you're just joining us. My guest is writer and filmmaker Werner Herzog. His new memoir is called Every Man for Himself And God Against All. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air.


This is Eric Glass on this American Life. We specialize in compelling stories from everyday life. I was like, wow, you literally just died and came back. And the first thing you asked us, do you need anybody Real life stories, really good ones? And your podcast, feed This American Live.


Hi, I'm Laurel Wamsley and I cover personal finance for NPR. That means I report on some of the questions that might keep you or your loved ones up at night. Like, will I ever be able to buy a home? What about retirement? As interest rates drop, where should I put my money? Economic headlines can be confusing, but NPR is here to help you make sense of them. To support this coverage. Please give today@donate.npr.org.


Hi, it's Marielle Sagara from Life Kid. There's a first time for everything including giving to NPR. Whether you're a brand new listener or a longtime fan, please join the community of NPR network supporters today. Make your gift@donate.npr.org. And thank you.


The first time you narrated a film was when you made a film for a production company in Germany that specialized in extreme subjects. And, and you did a film for them about ski jumping, which you knew a lot about having grown up in the mountains in Bavaria. And you used to like build God, what are they called, like platforms to jump off to ski off of Yeah. Ramps. Yeah. Ramps. Yes. And, and got terribly injured during one of those. And a friend of yours got terribly injured on one of his jumps. But anyway, so you, you, you made a documentary about that and they told you you have to narrate it. 'cause that's what everybody does. They narrate their own films. And you've been become famous for your narrations in films, in your documentaries.


And you've had some movie roles, including in Jack Reacher in The Mandalorian, which is like a Star Wars spinoff at parroting yourself on, on The Simpsons. And they're all like sinister roles. What do you think it is about your voice that gets you cast in sinister roles? Maybe it's the content of what you're saying. Yes, the content, of course. And since then, I narrated my own, my own writings, my own commentaries. And I had found my voice, but it's a stylized voice when I'm talking to you.


I'm talking like me in commentaries. There's a certain stylization, a certain performance in it, a certain hypnotic voice in it. I, I can't describe it easily and it has caught on. Audiences love it. So I do it for them as well. I do films for audiences. I write my book for readers. So I am enjoying it. And I have been good in parts, in roles where I have to play the badass bad guy, like in Jack Richer or where, for example, in a film by Harmony Corin, which is called Julian Donkey Boy.


I play a hostile father who harasses his dysfunctional family. And, and I'm good at that. It's, but it's all performance. Don't believe, don't ever believe I'm like that as a private person. That's good to know. Can you quote any of the lines? No, not really. But you know, when Jack Reacher was released, it was released in France as well. My wife immediately gets frantic calls from her girlfriend in Paris, and she says, Lena, are you really married to that man? We can give you shelter. You can if you need to flee.


We are only an overnight flight away at Lena left. So I'd fly away and let her laugh so hard and told me about it. And of course, she will testify that I'm a, that I'm a mild man, fluffy husband. She came up with that. And, and I, I live with her happily now since 28 years. She, she will give you the right testimony. Good. So we're about at the end of the interview, and I have to say you made it through without being shot at. 'cause you were shot at at the BBC or at least you were shot and only mildly wounded. Like what was that about? Do you have any idea what happened?


No, we do not know because I just heard somebody across the street on a veranda ranting like road rage. And all of a sudden I heard some sort of a mild explosion in something like a glowing piece of metal, like a kilo weight of, of glowing metal heat hits me at my belt or near my belt. And I thought something at the camera had exploded, but now, and I saw then a, the, the man with a rifle ducking down and disappearing. And I do, did not know because I did not want to call police.


I said to the crew, B, B, C people, you are frantically now dialing 9 1 1. Consider it'll spend the next six hours filing reports at a police station and we will have a helicopter over us and the SWAT team arriving in five minutes flat. Do we need that? Do you want that? And so we decided we'd just continue shooting, but at a safer place. Were you outside when that happened? Yes. It was outside and you can still see it on YouTube. It's funny because people think, ah, yeah, it was all staged and made up.


No, it was not. It was reality. It was the real world. And of course, in a world of fake news and inventions and embellishments, and so people believe that being shot and hit, not seriously, but anyway, that it must have been made up. Or having moved the ship over a mountain that must have been a digital effect. And we are only pretending now I moved the ship. So you have to connect yourself to the real world. And then all of a sudden my memoirs become the most natural thing.


A man who lived a, a very normal life with a few things that were exceptional. And I think it's not exceptional to move a ship over a mountain. Every grown up man should do something like that. Did you go to the emergency room after you were shot? No, because we could see I was bleeding, but I could see it was the bullet went through all my, my leather jacket and the folded up catalog and all my shirt and t-shirt, but it did not perforate my abdominal, it did not perforate and go into my abdomen. If it had been inside of me lodged in my intestines, in that case, I would've gone to the emergency room.


So, but I, I can distinguish what is serious and what is what, what can be, what can be taken and tolerated. So I, I do my best and, and I think in this case I did my best as well. I should hope you would've gone to the emergency room if it penetrated during test. Well, I would've gone, sure. Yes. Okay. So what's next for you? Well, I just finished another book, the Future of Truth, which will be released next spring, but in its German original, what you have in front of you is a very fine translation of my memoirs, but it always takes until it's being translated, so it'll take about a year.


And I made also two films that are not fully released yet, and I'm working on some poetry and I'm working on a translation of poetry by a Canadian writer on, and well, I'm just plowing on wildly. Do you ever stop working? Yes, I am. I have long hours of sleep. I'm fairly lazy. My days of shooting are brief, my hours of riding are brief.


I do my tax returns three hours in the morning, then I write three hours memoirs and I go to the pharmacy or whatever. So, but I write 15 pages, it goes fast and next day, another 10, 15 pages, because it's my life. I, I have lived it and it's in me. You see, it's not foreign. It's in me. And because of that, I can describe it for you and you will not be disappointed. Thank you so much for coming back to our show. I really appreciate it, and I really enjoyed our conversation. Oh, so did I, I enjoyed it.


Thank you. Werner Herzog speaking with Terry Gross last year. His memoir is called Every Man for Himself and God Against All Coming Up Justin Chang reviews the new film Queer Said in Mexico in the 1950s, starring Daniel Craig as an expat infatuated with a younger man. This is Fresh Air


Ho ho ho Santa here, coming to you from the North Pole, where the elves in our podcast division of just completed work on this season's best gift for public radio lovers, NPR Plus, give the gift of sponsored free listening and even bonus episodes from your favorite NPR podcasts, all while supporting public media. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


Breakup stories are going super viral online, normalize Posting why you broke up on the internet. I cannot believe I'm about to tell this breakup story and expose myself like this On. It's been a minute. We are asking the big questions about dating, like what's the line between a juicy story and an invasion of privacy To find out, listen now to the It's Been a Minute podcast from NPR.


If you are the kind of person whose idea of a good party conversation starts with, I heard it on NPR, it might be time to take your super fandom seriously. Deck yourself out in sale. NPR swag from t-shirts to ball caps to the almighty NPR tote, all at 25% off through November 27th at shop.npr.org,


The Italian director, Luca Guino, scored a critical and commercial hit earlier this year with a tennis themed romantic triangle. Challengers. Now he's back with queer. An adaptation of William s Burrough's autobiographical novel. It stars Daniel Craig as an American living in 1950s, Mexico City, who falls hard for a younger man. Queer is now playing in theaters. And our film critic, Justin Chang, has this review. Nobody does forbidden longing in far off places, quite like Luca Guino. He whisked us off to Italy for the passionate affairs of I Am Love and Call Me By Your Name, gave us love and death on a Sicilian island in a bigger splash and took us all across America in the cannibal, romance, bones and all.


Now he's made queer, a moody account of thwarted longing that begins in an expat heavy corner of Mexico City during the early 1950s, A world that Guino brings to life in all its sweaty scuzzy glory. The story follows, an American drifter named William Lee, played by Daniel Craig with a loose smile and near a hint of oh oh seven elegance, addicted to booze and heroine. Lee spends his days hopping from bar to bar, hoping to lock eyes and more with the handsome young men. He spots there and around town and few are more handsome than Eugene Allerton, a freshly discharged US Navy serviceman, played by a terrific Drew Starkey.


Allerton is trim, slender, and aloof to the point of disdainful, which makes Lee lust for him. All the more in time after a few meals and many drinks, the two fall into bed in a scene that Guino films with both roughness and tenderness, but once isn't enough for Lee, and he spends every minute trying to keep this enigmatic young beauty from slipping away. At one point a drunken Lee approaches allerton at a party and causes a bit of a scene prompting a friend Tom to intervene. I want to talk to you, Singing Without speaking.


I don't wanna touch you. Like, like, like like the Russian. Yeah, like the mind. All right, bill, let's, Hey, let's take it easy, huh? Hey, tell yeah, you, you got, you gotta drink time. A cup of water, man. Lee is a fictionalized. Stand-in for the beat writer William s Burrows, whose years spent living in Mexico were eventful to say the least. He began writing queer in 1952 while awaiting trial for the killing of his wife, Joan Volmer. During a drunken game of William Tell Burroughs never finished the book, which was finally published in its incomplete form in 1985.


By that point, he had become a countercultural icon known for his boldly experimental works like Naked Lunch, his struggles with addiction and his many sexual relationships with men and women. Guino has said in interviews that he read queer at a young age and has wanted to film it for years. That may surprise some of the director's fans since his swoony romanticism on display in the recent challengers isn't an obvious fit with the biting rawness of Burroughs' prose. At the same time, Guino clearly likes to push against expectations and his horror movies like Suspiria have shown a flare for the surreal and grotesque, even when queer's narrative loses momentum.


It's fascinating to see a filmmaker known for his lush, beautiful surfaces try to connect with a writer's famously uncompromising ugliness. For the first hour or so, the screenplay by Justin Kakas is largely faithful to its source. But things take a weird turn. Once Lee talks allerton into a trip to South America, so they can find a psychedelic called Yhe or ayahuasca, which can apparently confer telepathic powers deep in the jungles of Ecuador. Guino essentially tries to imagine the mind blowing ending that Burroughs never wrote. The director is clearly having fun filling the screen with hallucinatory imagery and introducing a gun toting healer.


Played by an unrecognizable Leslie Manville. In one maddening and mesmerizing sequence, a drugged out Lee in Allerton danced silently in the nude. Their bodies twisting and melting together as though under a kaleidoscope. Guino is working overtime to honor burrows in the thoroughly bonkers epilogue set back in Mexico. He goes well beyond the parameters of the novel to weave in moments from the writer's tumultuous life. But the reason queer works as well as it does, has everything to do with Craig's performance. It's worth remembering that long before he became James Bond or a gay detective in the Knives Out movies, Craig played the tempestuous younger lover of the painter, Francis Bacon in the 1998 drama.


Love is the Devil. He flips that equation brilliantly in queer with robust physicality and delicate emotion. He shows us a man in wretched, yet defiant thra to his wants for sex, for love, for a moment of out of body transcendence. It's a singular performance, but also in its expression of pure desire, a deeply human one. Justin Chang is a film critic for the New Yorker. He reviewed the new movie Queer starring Daniel Craig. On Monday show, John Batiste, former band leader of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, joins us at the piano to play his reimaginings of Beethoven's music.


His new album is Beethoven Blues. He'll also talk about the extremes in his life in 2022 when he won multiple Grammys and his wife had a recurrence of leukemia and a bone marrow transplant. I hope you can join us To keep up with what's on the show and get highlights of our interviews. Follow us on Instagram at NPR Fresh Air. Fresh Air's Executive Producer is Danny Miller. Our senior producer today is Roberta Shorrock. Audrey Bentham is our technical director and engineer with additional engineering support from Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld, and Diana Martinez.


Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Anne-Marie Baldonado, Sam Brier, Lauren k Crile, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Challenor, Susan Yadi, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producers are Molly CV Nesper and Sabrina Seaward with Terry Gross. I'm m Tanya Moseley.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Lands End Outfitters. Your brand is important and they create apparel your team will want to wear. Go to Business dot lands in.com/pod 20 and use Code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product.


What's good y'all? It's Gene Deby from Code Switch, but on Code Switch, we are deeply curious about race and identity and the way it shows up in the news headlines or interpersonal lives. With the wide range of voices in front of and behind the mic, we see how race shows up all over the place. So come Rock with us on the Code Switch podcast only from NPR.


Hey, it's Peter Segel, the host of Wait, wait, don't Tell Me Now. If you like wait weight and you're looking for another podcast where the hosts take self-deprecating jabs at themselves and invite important guests on who have no business being there, then you should check out NPRs How to Do Everything. It's hosted by two of the minds behind Wait Weight, who literally sometimes put words in my mouth, find the How to Do Everything podcast wherever you are currently listening to me, go on about it.