
This message comes from NPR sponsor Chevron, who is innovating to help responsibly meet rising energy demands, like at their Gulf of Mexico facilities, which are some of the world's lowest carbon intensity operations. Learn more at Chevron dot com slash meeting.


Demand This is Fresh Air. I'm Terry Gross. We've postponed our interview with former Hollywood Stuntman and Director of the new film, the Fall Guy, so that we can address what's on everybody's mind right now. The attempted assassination of former President Trump and the other victims of the shooter two were seriously injured. One was killed, the shooter used an AR 15, an assault weapon that has become the preferred weapon of mass shooters. My guest, Todd Frankel, wrote about how the civilian rifle was adapted from the military Combat automatic rifle, the M 16, and how with the help of clever marketing and lobbying, the AR 15 has become a huge money maker for the gun industry and icon of gun culture, a favored weapon for perpetrators of mass shootings and a flashpoint in the debate about guns in America.


Frankel was the lead reporter on the main story of a Washington Post investigation into the history of the AR 15. The series won a Pulitzer Prize this year for National Reporting. Frankl is an enterprise reporter on the financial desk of the Post. We're going to hear the interview we recorded this morning. Then we'll dive deeper into the Gun's history and current place in gun culture. And listen back to the interview we recorded last year when the AR 15 series was published. Todd Frankel, welcome back to Fresh Air. What was your reaction when we heard the shooter used an AR 15? Not surprised. I think every time there's a shooting, especially one that's so high profile or a mass shooting, you know, the first question that I have, and actually a lot of gun makers always have is, was it an A or 15?


And this time it was, Why is that the first question? It's because it's become such a popular weapon for use popular period, and then also popular for use in these sort of horrific mass events. You know, it it, it's everywhere. And you know, one in 20 gun owners in America has an AR 15. It's estimated, you know, the things just blown up and taken over the gun market. And so not only is it popular amongst all gun owners, it's popular amongst the subset of folks who, when they want to cause death and destruction, this is what they reach for. The AR 15 is banned in several states, including Washington, California, New York, Connecticut, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Maryland, Illinois, Delaware, and some chains like Walmart and Dick's Sporting Goods no longer sell it.


What, what impact has that had on that rifle? In some ways it's sort of raised the profile of the rifle because it's made it sort of a taboo weapon that some places don't want you to have. And it hasn't had any effect on sales really. 'cause you know, some folks in some states perhaps can't get one. And also all these bans are sort of on shaky legal ground with the Supreme Court showing its willingness to overturn any gun ban with the, you know, the Bruin decision a couple years ago affecting handguns and the right to own that. A lot of folks expect that any gun law that has been passed nationwide is perhaps gonna get new scrutiny And in jeopardy.


Yes, definitely in jeopardy. Milwaukee, Wisconsin, the site of the Republican Convention, Wisconsin is an open carry state. Does that include assault weapons? It does. And that makes it sort of a challenge for law enforcement, these open carry laws. You know, famously, I think a couple years ago there was that young kid, Kyle Rittenhouse, who was open carrying an air 15 during one of the Black Lives Matter protests in Kenosha, Wisconsin. And, you know, he ended up killing, I think two people and wounding another. And the simple act of wearing this weapon, which part of its appeal is that it looks menacing and it has a real high profile and people sort of recognized immediately, you, you can just wear it going down the street as long as you're not sort of brandishing it, not sort of pointing it at people and stuff, you know, as long as it's just slung over your shoulder, across your chest.


And it's, you know, to some folks it's a really difficult thing to digest, you know, to look to see. But you know, that's where our laws stand in several states right now. The Air 15 has become kind of a symbol for, for people on the right. How is it used as a symbol? It's become a, you know, sort of the stand in for the musket, the revolutionary or musket, you know, this is, it's a symbol of freedom. It's a symbol of gun rights without a doubt. There were folks at that Trump rally in Pennsylvania who had, you know, the image of the air 15 on a t-shirt or on their hat. I mean, it's everywhere. And it's, it's become much larger than just a gun.


It's become this symbol of freedom. Part of it, the, the appeal and the marketing is also that it antagonizes the, so-called left the folks who aren't quite so comfortable with this weapon. It's almost like this litmus test of how you react to the very distinct outline of this gun. You know, with its, you know, the, it's a long gun, it's a rifle and it has the know the clip that the magazine clip that extends down below. It's instantly recognizable and it has this military bearing. It looks really, it looks like an M 16. And you know that the fact that it sort of provokes strong reactions both of folks who instantly identify with it, you know, and also folks who identify sort of repulsed by it.


So, you know, as we become more polarized, it's become this sort of weaponized symbol of, well how do you feel about this? And immediately you can sort of sort into your respective camps. Do you think that the AR 15 as a symbol for people on the right might change after this assassination attempt with an AR 15? No, I don't think so because I don't think that they assigned the weapon the responsibility in this. This is a, a bad guy who did this shooting. This wasn't the weapon itself. And so I don't expect that they'll change their tune on how they feel about the gun and it won't lose any of its luster. I mean, if anything, the power of the need for everyone to be armed will be even more apparent now.


Right? Because there'll be some discussion about like, well, what if someone else, rather than waiting for law enforcement to respond with their guns, what if they could have responded with their gun earlier and quicker since, you know, they saw this gunman before law enforcement did. What have Biden and Trump said about AR fifteens and assault weapons? In general Biden has been a long time opponent of assault weapons AR 15, he, he would love to see a nationwide assault weapons ban. He said this many times publicly, he hasn't been shy about it. Even as you know, some democrats have referred not to talk about it. He has been pretty consistent in saying, I would, I want an assault weapons ban. It's the right thing to do.


Trump, you know, as we reported in our piece last year, was initially uncomfortable with it. I think one of his advisors sort of said that was sort of the New York liberal in him that he was like, why do people need this weapon? But his advisors in the NRA, you know, they quickly explained to him that this is what his supporters, you know, want that this weapon is part and parcel with that. And he has sort of changed his tune and publicly, you know, now supports the weapon or, you know, does not support any sort of change to a law to make it harder to get. The leaders of the Republican National Convention have asked for more security at the convention. And at the same time, Republicans have opposed the assault weapons ban and the weapon that that was used in the assassination attempt is an assault weapon.


And I wonder what your thoughts are about that. I mean, it's one of those great ironies that both sides see differently. You know, you know, on the right, you know, they talk about these gun free zones as being the most dangerous places in the country. Right? You know, if schools would just arm everybody, they'd be safer. But then, you know, ironically right at their convention, those are gun free zones just 'cause it's impossible to manage with guns everywhere. What do you think might be next in terms of an assault weapons ban? I don't think most people expect that there's any real chance at it.


Mostly because of the current composition of the Supreme Court, which has, you know, has this sort of six three conservative liberal split and has shown a willingness to, if anything, undo current gun laws to roll them back. And so the idea that they would show an openness to, even if somehow Congress, which hasn't, you know, allowed the last assault weapons ban to expire in 2004, you know, if they were somehow to develop the political will to pass one now it would get struck down by the court. So I think most folks expect that, you know, if there's gonna be any sort of additional regulation of assault weapons, it's gonna have to be at the state level.


And even then it's sort of dicey because it could be a challenge at the Supreme Court. And so it's gonna have to be real, you know, picking little pieces of this weapon, you know, maybe some sort of feature. But the entire weapon itself is, there's really no expectation that there's gonna be a a ban. Todd Frankl, thank you so much for talking with us. Well, thank you. Todd Franco was the lead reporter on the main story of a Washington Post series on the history of the AR 15. The series won a Pulitzer Prize for national reporting this year, and the post has just reposted that AR 15 series. After we take a short break, we'll take a deeper dive into the history of the AR 15 and its current place in gun culture.


And listen back to the interview we recorded last year when the series was published. This is Fresh Air


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Better Health. It's easy to compare your life to everyone else's, but comparison is the thief of joy Therapy can help you focus on what you need to live your best life. Instead of dreaming about someone else's, give BetterHelp online therapy a try. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing at BetterHelp dot com slash NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer, registered investment advisor member SIPC.


The Republican National Convention is happening this week and the NPR Politics Podcast takes you there. We're on the ground in Milwaukee with analysis, recaps, and coverage of what happens every night of the RNC. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast.


We're talking about the assault weapon that was used in the attempted assassination of former President Trump. Now let's listen back to my interview recorded last year with Todd Frankel, the lead reporter on a Washington Post series on the history of the AR 15 and its current place in gun culture. The series one, A Pulitzer Prize for national reporting. This year it's been reposted on the Washington Post website. Let's start with if you could list some of the mass shootings that the AR 15 was used as the weapon. Yeah, I mean, any mass shooting that has made the news that we've all sort of horrified by, you know, the Uvalde shooting down in Texas last year that involved an an AR 15 style weapon.


Newtown most famously back in 2012 was an AR 15 Parkland, Florida San Bernardino. The shooting in the movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, you know, the Las Vegas mass shooting, the worst mass shooting in, in US history involved AR fifteens. So you know, when the, when the death toll gets really high, 10 or more, you know, these, these horrific things that just, you can't look away from in horrified people. Usually they involve AR fifteens. Why do mass shooters often choose an AR 15? Yeah, you know, it's something that some of the mass shooters even explicitly spell out. Like in their manifestos they leave behind like the shooter in the, in the buffalo mass shooting. I mean, he specifically said, I chose AR 15 'cause it's, you know, very good at killing people.


It's a military weapon that was sort of modified and changed for the civilian market. And it has taken on this aura that is appealing to folks for many reasons, but also for folks who really wanna do a lot of harm, It's easier to keep steady, you know, to keep steady aim with minimum recoil. Why is that an important feature of the gun? Yeah, that was one of the innovations and one of the things that made it so appealing to the military at first was it has this gas impingement system, which technically basically means that it redirects some of the energy from a fire bullet to re-load the next bullet. And so there's less recoil, less kick on it, it's easier to keep aim, right? So instead of the the frontal rifle kicking upwards with each bullet, it's easier to keep it on a constant target so it's more accurate, you know, it doesn't hurt.


It's much easier to shoot. One of the things for folks who wanna go out and fire 40, 50 rounds at a range, you know, to do that with their big old hunting rifle, they'll bruise their shoulder after four or five rounds. They, they are 15 sort of famously easy to shoot and doesn't have much kick. It's got a lot of speed. I learned this from the Washington Post, the speed of the bullet, the bullet would cross six football fields in one second. That's, I can't even fathom that, that a bullet can go that quickly. So how does the speed of the bullet affect the lethality of the bullet once it enters the body? Yeah, the air 15 actually shoots a fairly small bullet. It's not, it's a known as a 2, 2 3 or a 5, 5 6, you know, these technical details, but it's a fairly small bullet, but it has a lot of powder behind a gunpowder behind it.


And so it goes incredibly fast. And with that speed and it's, and how small the bullet is when it hits a body, it sort of, once it goes in there, it doesn't just go right out the other side. I I, you know, you referenced some of the work we did and we had this animation where it showed the difference between getting shot by a typical handgun round, like a nine millimeter round versus an AR 15 typical round, a handgun round will go clear through you that sort of pinhole on both sides. But when ar 15 round typically hits you, it goes, that makes that small entry wound, but then inside it creates this shockwave, this blasting pattern that blows out the backside of people, causes internal injuries. And it's just devastating. It makes it very effective for a, a military weapon.


But it's horrific when you see these in civilians. So the AR 15 is a semi-automatic version of the combat rifle. The M 16, which was an automatic weapon, the M 16 was standard issue rifle in, in Vietnam. A Pentagon report described the M 16 as an outstanding weapon with phenomenal lethality. So what's the difference between the M 16, which was first used in combat in Vietnam and the AR 15, which is being marketed to civilians? They're very similar. The biggest difference is that the M 16, the military's rifle is capable of automatic fire, which means if you pull and hold down the trigger, it'll keep firing bullets.


Whereas the AR 15, the one you anyone can pretty much buy in a store, is one trigger pull, one bullet, but you know, it goes as quick as you can pull it, but that's still the main difference. But the gun itself is functionally otherwise the same as what is being used by the military. So how did a weapon that was designed for combat become slightly redesigned for civilians? Like, was it somebody's idea? Can you pinpoint the person who decided let's take this combat weapon and find a way to mass market it to civilians? You know, the gun industry itself had huge touts about this gun. They didn't really, they didn't welcome it at its trade shows.


They, you know, we spoke to AR 15 manufacturers who talk about the hostility that they face from other gun manufacturers. You know, like, what are you doing with this weapon that they thought was for maybe for law enforcement, maybe for the military. But like, you know, they didn't see it as having a, a role in the civilian gun market, which was pretty much like handguns and hunting rifles, traditional hunting rifles, if you think about, you know, a grandfather's hunting rifle or the one you might see hanging in the back of a pickup truck. But when the assault weapons ban, the US federal assault weapons ban expired in 2004. No major gun manufacturer actually made an air 15. And it was a couple years later that Smith and Wesson, which I think was sort of a pivotal moment when they decided, you know what, for the first time in our long history, going back to the 1850s, we're gonna make not only a rifle, we're gonna make the AR 15.


Was that controversial within the gun industry? It was, again, there was this hostility towards the weapon itself, this sort of military gun, you know, what do ordinary gun owners need with this? But the gun industry itself was suffering several years of flat sales, right? Guns, you know, there's no plan obsolescence with a gun. They last for decades. You know, you can hand them down for generations. And so at some point, you know, you've sold pretty much every hunting rifle and handgun that folks can buy and they're looking for something new. And Smith and Wesson did this market study looking for new markets to tap into, and they found that there was some, some interest in this, what they call the tactical rifle market, which was the AR 15. So, you know, the, the series mentions a man named Harry Falber who ended up being the head of licensing at Smith and Wesson.


And he came from the ad world. He had been an an ad man in, in big companies. And when he came to Smith and Wesson, he wanted to test out what kind of advertising seemed to work best for Smith and Wesson. So he took out two ads in guns and ammo, one a kind of more traditional gun ad and one a gun ad for the AR 15 and basically tried to figure out which consumers responded better to. Can you describe those ads? Yeah, I mean, Harry was a traditional, he describes himself as like from the madman era of advertising. He'd worked for many Hallmark Volvo. He'd worked on these very mainstream brand campaigns. And so when he got to Smith and Wesson, they were trying to figure out how to market this AR 15 and also to sell their guns In general.


And so he did this, this study where they placed two ads in Guns and Animal magazine and they were very different in tone. And they sort of illustrates the change in marketing that would come with the air 15 throughout the industry. And, and one shows two pistols side by side. And it, the big headline, the tagline is, is fine tune machines. The other ad showed a police swat team officer, I mean, he's wearing dark gloves and a, a tactical helmet. I mean, he's pointing the air 15 at some unseen targeted just out of the frame there. And underneath the big words say the chosen one. So two things in that version of the ad, the chosen one is a kind of like making the gun into like this heroic figure.


And also by advertising, like you could be like this SWAT team officer who's seen the action. You could have the same kind of thing just as a civilian not having to join the police even. Yeah, no. And that, that was that sort of darker edge of marketing that at the time was still sort of, sort of unwelcomed or sort of challenged in the industry. But now that's pretty much just how guns are advertised. It's this sort of darker, sort of more aggressive, there's a threat out there and you need to confront it, you know, just like the police do. You can be just like them. And that's, that's mainstream firearms marketing today.


And it to Harry, the, well, the testing, you know, with consumers about how they reacted, they actually found that the fine tune machines, the more tame approach was more popular with consumers. But there was something about this other one that really appealed to Smith and Wesson executives Harry was telling us. And so they actually went in that direction. It was not just choosing the chosen one for that one particular ad, but it was this tenor of advertising and marketing the gun that was different than how they had marketed guns previously. And it was, it's dark, it's sort of threatening. There's this idea that, you know, the appeal is that tactical SWAT teams use it and the military is, is it not, that you can go out hunting turkeys on the weekend with it.


And one of the reasons I think why he spoke out is in 2012 after he decided to leave Smith and Weston because he didn't like the idea of these assault weapons just a, a couple of months later was the Sandy Hook massacre in the elementary school. And he lived just like 20 miles away from Sandy Hook. Yeah, he was horrified by that. And his wife worked in education and I think he, he was just horrified by the idea that he had played any role in, in popularizing that gun. We're listening back to the interview I recorded last year with Todd Frankel, the lead reporter on the main story of a Washington Post series on the history of the AR 15.


That's the weapon that was used by the shooter who attempted to assassinate Donald Trump. The series won a Pulitzer Prize for national reporting this year. The Post has reposted this series on its website. We'll hear more of the interview after a break. I'm Terry Gross and This is Fresh Air.


Hey there, this is Felix Contreras. And I'm Anna Maria Sayer from the Alt Latino podcast. This week we offer you a peek behind the curtain into the creative process for one of Latin music's most prolific composers and producers. Ani and I visited with Edgar Barrera in his home studio while he broke down track by tracks some of his greatest hits. You may not know his name, but you know his work On the next Alt Latino podcast from NPR.


Hey, I'm Robert Smith from Planet Money and this summer we are bringing you the entire history of the world, at least the economics part. It's Planet Money Summer School. Every week we'll invite in a brilliant professor and play classic episodes about the birth of money banks and finance. There will be rogues and revolutionaries and a lot of panics summer school every Wednesday till Labor Day on the Planet Money Podcast from NPR.


NPR Plus is a new way to support public media and get more from your favorite NPR podcasts like Fresh Air. Sometimes I'll actually preface the question with if it makes you too uncomfortable to talk about, if it's too personal, just tell me. Here's the question For behind the scenes content bonus episodes and more sign up@plus.npr.org.


We're talking about the assault weapon that was used in the assassination attempt against former President Trump, the AR 15. It's become the weapon of choice for mass shooters. Let's get back to the interview I recorded with Todd Frankel, the lead reporter on the main story of a Washington Post series on the history of the AR 15. The series won Will Pulitzer Prize for national reporting this year. Our interview was recorded when the series was first published. The Post has reposted the story on its website. I was surprised to read that after mass shootings, the sales of the AR 15 go up. Yeah. And that's because it's the center of the gun conversation, the gun control conversation where folks say, well what are we gonna do about how are we gonna address these mass shootings?


And someone will say, well, well we should banned these assault weapons. And so that's drives everyone scared on the other side who says, runs out and Writes out, let's buy, buy an assault weapon before it's too late, before it's banned. Right? Yeah. It's gonna be taken, you know, they're coming for your assault weapons. Are you 15? And come and take it. You know, that sort of attitude is on there too. And so yeah, sales react to that and folks would just strip gun shops clean of these of these guns. You know, we talked a little bit about the ad campaigns for the AR 15. There was also some pretty clever marketing behind them and one one of the facets of that is working with video game manufacturers.


So what, what was that relationship like? How did gun manufacturers get their guns into video games as a way of making people want those guns? Yeah, I mean there's a just very popular video game franchise called Call of Duty, which is sort of a, a shooting game, right? And so gun manufacturers, you know, would work with these video game manufacturers to make sure that their guns were included or referenced. And you know, we even described this one moment in the late two thousands where a video game manufacturer and a gun manufacturer go out to this desert in outside of Las Vegas to capture the sound rifle AR 15 style rifle being fired because they wanna make sure it's accurate and realistic.


And we've talked to gun owners who designed their AR fifteens based on what they had used in the Call of Duty games earlier as well. They were too young to own a weapon. You know, they would then trick out their gun to sort of match what they had used in these video games. Despite the success of sales with the AR 15, there were still people within the gun industry within the gun world who objected to it. But there was a lot of pressure to keep those people quiet or to kind of push them out. And one example that is written about in the Washington Post series is Jim mbo. Tell us about him and the story of what happened when he objected to the AR 15 Hiba was a well-known personality in the gun world.


And you know, he had a TV show, he had a column in gun magazines. He, he was just a well-known guy. And this was in the early two thousands or late two thousands, you know, around 2006, 2007 when the gun's just sort of taking off and the gun industry is still getting sort of comfortable with this weapon itself. And he sort of came out and said, I don't think this is a good gun for hunting. It's still sort of a controversial point, you know, whether the AR 15, you know, folks who love the weapon will say, oh yes, you need it. It's perfect for hunting boars. But it's, a lot of folks think that the bullet is so powerful that the same thing it does to human bodies, it does to a, an animal, it blows it apart. That's not great In general for hunting, especially if you're going to eat the meat.


And so he came out with this, you know, very early on and said, you know, I, I just don't think, I think he called it a terrorist rifle. And the blowback was immediate. He lost his positions throughout the industry TV show his, his column, he was sort of cast aside and it actually became a sort of watch word within the industry that, you know, if you speak out against this gun, you're gonna get zubo. That's what we found, that finding folks who were willing to speak out about what they saw in the gun industry was really difficult. It's, you know, it was, you're the with us or against us. And that made reporting very difficult and we found a few people willing to talk with us and describe what they saw. But you know, there was a lot of fear about being zubo.


Have you been to a lot of gun shows over the years? I have. Yeah. And how have the displays for ar fifteens changed in that period? It's remarkable and it's sort of been gradual, but then only when you look at it, you know, over several years that you sort of realize, oh, it wasn't always this way. And I think even folks who are around guns a lot, it's sort of that frog in the, in the pot with the temperature solely getting hotter. You know, you walk into a gun show or a gun store today and it's like black rifles ar fifteens as they call 'em, black rifles all along the wall and handguns in the display case. And that's pretty much it. I mean, again, we have this sort of, I think still this popular notion of, you know, the hunting rifle, the Woodstock hunting rifle, that you load it and then you fire it and then you, you load it again.


But what is being sold at gun shows at, at a gun stores today is a military tactical rifle black rifle that can fire, you know, 30 rounds without being reloaded if not more. But for it to have such market dominance, you know, one in four guns manufactured these days, it's unmistakable. It has changed everything about the gun industry. What about gun culture And gun culture? Yeah, I mean I, so they're sort of intertwined. The gun industry's not a huge industry, but, so they are very closely tied to the culture itself and, you know, they are making directly what folks want and that is then reflected back in driving sales so they could sort of go, go hand in hand.


I mean, you know, there's a, there's a group called Gun Owners of America and their mascot or their logo is a, a minutemen from, you know, revolutionary times holding a musket. And, you know, there was some discussion, you know, I was talking to folks about this, there's some discussion within the group about changing that minuteman from holding a musket to holding an ar ar 15, right? So they're putting the AR 15 on that sort of pedestal as the iconic American weapon. And that's where I think things have really changed. So the Sandy Hook massacre in Newtown, Connecticut, the massacre in the elementary school back in 2012, how did that focus attention on the AR 15, which was the weapon that was used in that assault. 154 rounds were fired, 20 children were killed, six school employees were killed.


Yeah. That was a pivotal moment, right? You know, I think for a lot of Americans, it's probably the first time they've really been introduced to this weapon that wounds in there were devastating kids. You know, just frankly torn apart by, by what happened in those classrooms. And folks were horrified. There was this President Obama, you know, I think folks, folks remember some of the speeches he gave immediately after. And then there was that 10 standoff with the NRA about, you know, what are we gonna do? And that's when they came up, Wayne LaPierre came up with that line of, you know, the only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. And there was that whole discussion about arming folks in, in schools and there was that push to then, right resurrect the assault weapons span and what are we gonna do? And that was the, the talk.


And, and that failed meaning, you know, even some democrats have voted against that. And from there that drove sales too, right? So that happened, the Sandy Hook shooting happened in December of 2012. And an all time record for FBI background gun sale checks was in that month as folks like ran into gun stores and bought anything they had, but especially bought their AR fifteens believing that a ban was just around the corner. And when the political will behind that sort of faded and failed, I think it emboldened the gun industry then to say, all right, this gun's here to stay. And it became this increasingly a sort of culture icon, right? Sort of sort of figured where you stood on things is do you support folks owning this sort of weapon?


There were some large stores including some chains that stopped carrying AR fifteens stopped selling them after Sandy Hook and the sales increased. There's still a lot of disillusionment about the weapon. How did the NRA and the gun industry push back against that? You know, Dick's Sporting Goods sort of famously decided to stop selling the AR 15, although they would backtrack 'cause they would sell it at a subsidiary store called Field and Stream for a little while. And then they, after the Parkland School shooting, they decided to get rid of AR fifteens entirely. But the NRA went to some of these stores like Cabela's, you know, so these big authors and said, you know, had to reassure them that yes, you might face pressure, but listen, you have to understand your customer.


And that's where it becomes this cultural flashpoint, you know, where your customers being gun owners, you know, want you to keep selling this and you don't wanna give into the other side. So you know, you're gonna have to just weather this. And they, a lot of them held on and, and sort of kept selling it. I mean, I find initially that Walmart doesn't sell the air 15 anymore. They stopped in 2015. The biggest retailer in the US doesn't sell this sort of iconic American weapon. They stopped, they claimed because of demand, they just, you know, just wasn't there. But, you know, retailers, they don't wanna be selling the weapon that's used in school shootings, but they also don't wanna upset the side that believes that the AR 15 is just as good as any other gun is important to our constitutional rights.


How did gun rights become a top issue for Republicans with often a focus on AR fifteens, Especially after the new town shooting and you had this sort of standoff between President Obama and the NRA, it was again that sort of, are you with us or against this sort of focus? And it became a political symbol, right? The NRA and Republicans saw that this was something that a lot of Democrats hated. They hated this gun, they hated the look of it, they hated what it had done, and they could campaign and fundraise and drive a, it was a cultural wedge issue. It was very a potent one too. I mean, it was pretty dependable, a pretty good predictor of how folks, what political affiliation they had was how they viewed the AR 15 because it had been just filled up with so much cultural significance that you could reliably tell how someone would vote based on their attitude towards this one gun.


So the Washington Post series describes the ar ar 15 as having become a political symbol in in campaigns. How, how has it been used that way? Yeah, it's just think about those, you know, we see this pop up in the news, those holiday cards from almost, well certainly only Republican officials of holding their whole family holding air 15, you know, even the teenage kids, maybe even younger, holding AR fifteens to the TV ad political ads where folks are firing AR fifteens. You know, they might used to maybe a generation ago fire a a hunting rifle to show that they understood that sort of thing. But now it is an AR 15 that it, that carries much more political weight.


We had the handful of Republican congressmen and women who wore little AR 15 pins, right? Silver pins on their lapels on Capitol Hill to sort of show their allegiance, their support for gun rights. The AR 15 is very much this sort of signifier of your politics and it's has such a distinct outline of the gun, you know, the sort of clip coming down, the ammunition clip coming down, and the long nose and the the butt stock on it that it's instantly recognizable. And so you put it on a bumper sticker, you put it on a T-shirt and you put a slogan with it like, come and take it. And it's a great political signifier.


I want you to tell the story of CJ Grisham and his use of the AR 15 in a political and an identity way. CJ Grisham was down out for a walk with his son in rural Texas, and this is in 2013. And he, he has an AR 15 with him and he's just walking down the side of this like dirt road, gravel road. And when he stopped by the police officer and the police officer, you know, says, well, why do you have this and Grisham's answers 'cause I can, and that there's a slight scuffle, it's not a big deal, but he ends up get later getting convicted of misdemeanor or police interference. It's, it seems like it's one of those things that could have gone away except there was dash cam video of it and so, so Grisham's the one who gets convicted.


Yeah. And so he was just sort of outraged by the way he was treated. I mean, he's not doing anything, he's just carrying this gun. We have to imagine, this is a decade ago before open carry and these sort of wearing it to public protests is almost a common thing. So when he did it, it was sort of still like, whoa, you know, what's going on? But he founds this group in Texas called Open Carry Texas advocating for carrying weapons in public. And it sort of just takes off this idea that, and folks would, when they would, they'd start doing these like pop-up demonstrations in, in Texas especially, and they would carry their hunting rifles, their shotgun, but also their air fifteens and just go into stores. They would go into Chipotle's and Home Depots and just open carry.


And it was one of those things that was sort of interesting because it, this is again, a decade ago, the Newtown mass shooting had only happened a year before. And the NRA actually criticized this. They thought it was a little weird, actually. They called it downright weird that he was doing this. But then their membership got so upset with them that they, they backed off and said, all right, no, no, we understand what he's doing. And, and now that idea, that movement of open carry that you should be able to carry your AR 15 strapped across your chest or somehow not hide it when you're out in public is it's pretty commonplace. I mean, again, we've seen these, especially during the covid lockdown protests at state capitals and stuff, you know, folks who were carrying these big military looking assault rifles on their chest and it sends a message and it's sort of changed the tenor of different debates.


I think This second Amendment as interpreted by gun activists and the gun manufacturers, the gun lobby, the Second Amendment is seen as upholding your right to carry any kind of gun. But no matter how you interpret the Second Amendment, it doesn't literally say anything about ammunition, about the bullets. So there's been proposals to limit high capacity magazines because that would limit the number of rounds somebody could fire off without having to reload. And if they had to reload, might give an opportunity for somebody to tackle the mass shooter.


You know, it's a fascinating topic because the idea of limiting the number of bullets that someone can hold in a single magazine. It sounds sort of maybe what's the point? But there's a lot of research that shows that that's perhaps a very American solution to this issue, right? If we're not gonna get rid of the guns, at least give the folks who are caught in these horrible moments a shot at survival. This happened in, in Newtown where the gunman had to reload and when he reloaded, and even you though, you could be very quick with reloading, even those few precious seconds, they call it a critical pause. Some kids escape, they ran out of the classroom. And the idea that if you interject and require some sort of forced pause in the shooting, that it'll at least limit the carnage.


It won't avoid at all. 'cause we're gonna still have these guns, but at least with a ban on the size of the, of the magazine, they at least give folks a a shot at survival. Well Todd Frankel, thank you so much for talking with us. Thank you for your reporting for the series in the Washington Post. Oh, thank you Terry. Todd Frankel was the lead reporter on the main story of a Washington Post series on the history of the AR 15. The series won a Pulitzer Prize for national reporting this year. The Post has reposted this series on its website. Our interview was recorded last year when the series was first published. After we take a short break, Ken Tucker continues his series on great albums that were recorded 50 years ago and revisits a Stevie Wonder album.


This is Fresh. Air


New from the embedded podcast. I here by declare the house representatives of the Wonder and 13th Journal assembly of the state of Tennessee. Now in session What happens when three moms set out to change the way state politics work? We are smart and we are swift. We are not going anywhere. Listen to super majority from NPRs embedded and WPLN all episodes out now new from the embedded podcast. What happens when three Republican women challenge their own party? Maybe we need to speak out a little bit bolder. Maybe we need to do something to get people's attention. They have a front row seat to democracy now you do too. Listen to super majority from NPRs embedded in WPLN.


There's a new way to support this show and public media. Please consider signing up for the NPR r plus podcast bundle. NPR plus listeners get to unlock sponsor free shows and bonus episodes. You can find out more@plus.npr.org. And thanks.


This is Fresh Air's. Anne-Marie Baldonado. If you're already a Fresh Air plus supporter. You may have heard Terry talking about the first daily national broadcast of the show in 1987. It was still like making a national debut both to the audience and to program directors. 'cause we weren't on that many stations. To start with Dave Davies talking about his job driving a cab. This is a fascinating city of many diverse neighborhoods and it was fun to just tool around in a cab all day. Or archival interviews with people like Arthur Miller, Nina Simone, and Audrey Hepburn. Timing, you can't rehearse. It's an instinct, especially comedy. I mean that's what made Carrie unique. That's why there haven't been a whole lot of carry grants. Are you not a Fresh Air plus supporter yet? You could be subscribe on plus dot NPR dot org or on Apple podcasts


As part of his summer series about great albums turning 50 years old rock critic Ken Tucker has chosen Stevie Wonder's 1974 album, fulfilling this first finale, although it went to number one. Ken says he thinks the album is underrated for reasons he'll explain. Here's Stevie Wonder and the song that opens the album. Smile, please. A Smiley Faces. And In the first half of the 1970s, any list of the most popular music acts would've included Elton John, John Denver, the Rolling Stones.


But there was no hit maker working at as high a level of creativity As Stevie Wonder, he released back-to-back Masterpiece albums in 72 and 73 Talking book and Inner Visions respectively. He followed those up with a mouthful of alliteration for an album title Fulfilling This's first finale. It continued his hot streak in the summer of 1974. It was impossible to avoid the jittery rhythms and bouncy vocals of one of the albums hit Singles Boogie on Reggae Woman I like, but you, I like to make you.


Despite the fact that it was neither reggae nor a Boogie, boogie on Reggae Woman was played everywhere because it was catchy and because people could not get enough of the sound of Stevie Wonder's voice, a reedy croon with a smile tucked inside it. By this time, wonder had become, along with Marvin Gaye, one of the few Motown artists in complete control of his recordings, writing, producing, and hiring the musicians he wanted to execute his compositions. They the, they say a God need him.


That's heaven is 10 zillion light years away. A song that begins with wonder, asking if there's a God only to blossom into a chorus about God's love filling His spirit as ethereal as the music is Wonder was also rooted in reality. At another point in the song, he sings the question, why Must My Color Black make me a lesser man? And later in the album, wonder will offer the best protest song he ever wrote. You Haven't done nothing is the angry cry of a citizen dismayed by the hollow promises of politicians, A citizen who also happens to be a genius musician. We Not with decisions that are made By You.


Gonna, You haven't done nothing was a pointed criticism of the Richard Nixon administration. It was released as a single on August 7th. Nixon resigned a day later, but it transcends its context to exist now as a vivid showcase for Wonders music making at this point, playing keyboards as the lead instrument. Drums that established the rhythm Grooves harmonica when he feels like it fulfilling.


This is first finale, won the Grammy for Best album of the year. Yet today it feels underrated. I think that's partly because its overall tone was more subdued, more meditative than the albums immediately preceding it. A gorgeous ballad like this one called Creeping Sounds utterly contemporary today Hear, Following this album, wonder would release a double album, masterpiece songs in the Key of Life in 1976.


By any measure, it was a remarkable run for any musician ever. And his gifts just keep on giving fulfilling This's first finale remains ripe for rediscovery. In 2024, Rock critic Ken Tucker Revisited Stevie Wonder's, 1974 album, Fulfillingness first finale. Tomorrow on Fresh Air, our guest will be Julianne Nicholson. Proud to call herself a character actor. She's appeared in dozens of films and TV series from Ally McBeal and Boardwalk Empire to August, Osage County and mayor of East Town, where she earned an Emmy Award. She stars in the new film. Janet Planet, I hope you'll join us.


Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Argie Bentham. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Amy Sal, Phyllis Meyers, Ann Rebel Donato, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Theresa Madden, Thea Cha, Susan Yadi, and Joel Wolfram. Our digital media producer is Molly CV Neper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross.


You should leave I,


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered Broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member, SIPC.


Waylon, how much do you think it would cost to buy one of those big digital billboards in Times Square to promote our show? The indicator from Planet Money in Big lights, Ugh. In this economy. I mean, you're probably right, but this question is the exact kind of thing that we find answers to on our show. We take one big economic idea, make it understandable, and you know, even fun. That's The indicator from Planet Money and NPR


Support for this podcast comes from the Neubauer Family Foundation, supporting WHY Y's, Fresh Air, and its commitment to sharing ideas and encouraging meaningful conversation.