
Okay, so tell me if this sounds like you, you love NPRs podcasts. You wish they weren't interrupted by sponsor breaks like this one. And you want to support NPR R'S mission of creating a more informed public. If this does sound like you, then it's time to sign up for Perks across more than 20 podcasts with the NPR Plus bundle. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


This is Fresh Air. I'm Teri Gross. A new sequel to the film Joker Opens Next month, starring Joaquin Phoenix as the Joker and Lady Gaga as Lee Quinzel. This film is a dark and unusual musical. The soundtrack hasn't been released yet, but we'll hear some of the songs a little later. My guest, Todd Phillips, directed and co-wrote both Joker films. Joker is an arch villain of the Batman stories, and Lee Quinzel is a version of Harley Quinn, the joker's partner in crime before going her own way. Phillips describes the films as an origin story, but not the origin story. Both films are connected to the DC Comics universe, but they're more like art house films than superhero films.


In Philip's first Joker film, Phoenix plays Arthur Fleck, a troubled man with a history of mental health problems. His dream is to become a standup comic. His actual job is dressing as a clown for an agency that rents out clowns for parties and occasions. One day on the way home from work, still wearing his clown makeup, he's attacked on the subway by three young men, he shoots and kills them. Crime has gotten so bad in Gotham City where the film is set that he becomes a folk hero. His dream comes true when he's invited to be a guest on his favorite late night show, hosted by Murray Franklin, played by Robert De Niro. But Arthur realizes Murray has been mocking him, so he shoots and kills Murray live on TV.


In the new sequel Joker for Lee Adu, Arthur has spent the past two years in the criminally insane wing of a psychiatric institution where he's awaiting trial for his murders. At a music therapy class he meets Lee, who is a fan of Arthur's Alter ego, the Joker. Here's Lady Gaga as Lee. When I first saw Joker, when I saw you and Murray Franklin, the whole time I was watching, I kept thinking, I hope this guy blows his brains out.


And then you did. And for once in my life, I didn't feel so alone anymore. Forget your troubles. Come on, get happy. Better chase all your cares away in hallelujah. Come on, get happy Judgment. The French expression Du means a shared folly or shared delusion. And these two characters share the delusion of Arthur as Joker and the perspective that goes along with that.


The film touches on issues relating to mental health disorders, treatment of the criminally insane, and how the media can turn killers into celebrities while Arthur is in prison. His story is told in a popular TV documentary. My guest, Todd Phillips, also directed the Hangover Films Road Trip and Old School Joker received Oscar nominations for Best Picture and best director, Joaquin Phoenix won for Best Actor. The film grossed about a billion dollars at the box office. Todd Phillips, welcome back to Fresh Air. We spoke when Joker was released and I enjoyed the film and our conversation. and I really liked this film as well.


Very much so. It's a pleasure to have you back. Well, thank you for having me back. So the new Joker film taps into the shared delusions of Arthur as Joker and of Lee Quinzel, who is, you know, the Harley Quinn character. In this, I feel that the film is also tapping into shared delusions that we're living through right now in America. And I'd like to ask you what connections you see between this movie and shared delusions running wild today? Well, it's funny, you know, in some respect you can think of Donald Trump in some ways.


I always think it's like the first time we've elected a president who's playing a character. I don't always believe Donald Trump believes the things he says he does, but in some ways he's playing a part and it's worked really well. He became president. But you, for me at least, sometimes I look at it and go, did did, did we elect a character and not this actual person? So, so, and is he still playing that role? So there's a little bit of a correlation to just, you know, movies tend to hold a mirror in, in general. And the other thing I think that, you know, we kind of played with in this film that is definitely happens and has been happening for a long time, is this idea of corruption.


And it's not just corruption, okay? The, the judicial system's corrupt, the media's corrupt in this movie. The, it's also the corruption of entertainment. This idea that if everything becomes entertainment, in other words, if, if a trial becomes, is put on TV and is sold as entertainment, if That would never happen. Exactly. And if a presidential debate is sold as, as basically a UFC match, when you look at the graphics on CNN or Fox or whatever, and it's, and it's sold as entertainment. If all that is entertainment, then what is the entertainment that we all know and, and supposedly love, right? What has it done?


So it's also about the corruption of entertainment in some ways. So this new sequel to Joker is a musical and I think it's really effective as a musical. And it's not the kind of musical where people just kind of break into song. It's the fantasies, what, what's going on in their minds. 'cause we often kind of live in songs. We all have our favorite songs that we sing in our mind and imagine ourselves in that world. And that's what the music is in this, it's like an inner monologue, but in song and dance. What was your original conception of how the music was going to fit into this?


Well, it started a long time ago. It really started in, in, in our meetings on the first film, our meetings meaning me, me and Joaquin. And when we would just sort of talk about Arthur and I always kind of explain that Arthur had music inside of him and I really think that affected Joaquin and affected his performance. Clearly when you look at the first film, and if people remember when he was dancing in the bathroom or dancing on the stairs, that's all Joaquin basically moving to music in his head in Arthur's head, of course. So we had this, even though Arthur was left footed and out of step with the world, we always found that there was a romance in him.


Again, a music inside him. So we just kind of used that as a leaping off point from here and said, what if we take that one step further and what if when he meets somebody that he believes loves him, that he believes sees him, well, what does it look like when that music comes out of him? Originally, I think you and Joaquin Phoenix were thinking of this as a possible Broadway musical and then decided, well, maybe it could be scaled down to a cabaret act at the Cafe Carlisle. What would a Cafe Carlisle cabaret approach to this Joker sequel be? Well, Joaquin and I have really long and ridiculous conversations and, and I think a a lot of that was just, you know, during the pandemic us kind of continuing these conversations and realizing like, oh, maybe the Broadway thing feels a little bit sweaty and maybe that's too much and maybe we just do something cooler.


So this idea was we would do like a very limited run at a yes kind of Cafe Carlisle type of venue. And it would be, I don't know how many it holds. And we would only do, you know, Thursday, Friday, Saturday for a month and a half or whatever it is. And if you saw it, you saw it, we're not gonna film it, we're gonna do anything. It was just this thing because we were obsessed with continuing Arthur's story. However, and, and, and part of us, here's the easiest way to explain it, because I know that all sounds crazy, but oftentimes when you make a movie, at least my experience as a director and, and a lot of the actors I work with, as much as we enjoy making a movie, you're kind of at the end counting down the days for it to be done.


Almost like school, you're like kind of marking off your calendar like, oh my God, this has really been a, a bear. But on the first Joker, Joaquin and I didn't want it to end. And that wasn't just because we loved working together, that was also because we really loved Arthur and we really wanted to explore more with the character. So on the last day of the first Joker, while on most movies, it's a really happy time and all the crews hugging each other, goodbye, laughter. Joaquin and I were really kind of sad. So all this stuff, the Broadway thing, the Cafe Carlisle, and ultimately the sequel to this movie was really about Joaquin and I just wanting to explore more and spend more time with Arthur.


So I wanna play a song from the film, and this is the song associated with Stevie Wonder for once in my life. And Arthur is singing it Joaquin Phoenix. And he's, you know, he's fallen in love with Lee, the Harley Quinn character, but he is also just found out that he's mentally fit to stand trial for the murders and he is facing the possibility of a death sentence. And this should be a pretty, you know, for once in my life I found someone who needs me. It's a upbeat song, but in this version there's these like dark chords that keep swelling underneath him as the song goes on.


Do you wanna just talk about your conception of this before we hear it? Well, yeah, you mentioned Stevie Wonder, but we closely associate this song as a Frank Sinatra song, the Frank Sinatra version when we were writing it was really kind of the first thing we came upon that was, for me it's just such a beautiful and big and bold rendition. The magic with Joaquin is if, so, if you were to YouTube, you know, Frank Sinatra singing this, and obviously Joaquin is never gonna sing like Frank Sinatra, but the magic to Joaquin and why he's so brilliant is he brings so much emotion to it. and I, it's hard to believe that when you hear Frank Sinatra sing it, that for once in my life he found someone who needs him.


It's hard to believe that that's really the first time in Frank Sinatra's life he found somebody. Yeah, so true. But With Joaquin, you just believe it As Arthur, I should say, you know, when Arthur sings it, you believe that he has finally found someone who needs him, and that has never happened to him before. So the point being, while Joaquin will never be Frank Sinatra and nobody would be, when you sing with that kind of emotion, in some ways it affects, for me, it affects me more deeply than even the Sinatra version, which I always loved. And what about those chords behind him? So that's, you know, us basically rearranging the music, you know, and we do that with, of course, Hilder, who was our composer on the first film, actually won an Oscar on the first film.


She's brilliant. And so we'll do like a standard arrangement. And then I always, I kind of coined this term, okay, now let's hildas this and add some of the music again that Arthur would be hearing in his head to this version of the song. And it, and it kind of becomes its own thing. Yeah, very dissonant. Okay, so here's for one of my life, sung by Walking Phoenix. Let's go boys. It's showtime, Wakey, wakey. Wait, come on. For once in my life I have someone who needs me.


Someone I've needed so long for once unafraid I can go where life leads me somehow I know I'll be strong for once I can touch. Well, my heart used to dream long before I knew some, someone warn like, you make my dreams come true for once in my life, I won't let Sorrow hurt me.


Not that it's hurt me before for once. I have someone I know will disturb me and I'm not alone anymore for once I can say this is mine, you can't take it. Long as I know I've got love, I can make it for once in my life, I've got someone who meet me. You know, I love how justice it really starts to like swing and get more upbeat than the clouds come in.


Yes, he's right. You feel the emotions swirling in Arthur and I. I think, you know, we tried to do that with the arrangement as well. You've said that you wanted, with, with Joker and with this film, you know, you wanted to make a gritty movie, something that Scorsese might have made, like Taxi Driver and King of Comedy, both of which you paid tribute to in the first Joker film. But you realize the way to get it funded was to make it seem like part of a superhero universe. Had you been an avid reader of Batman comics or viewer of the movies or involved with any of the versions of, you know, Marvel or DC or you know, any kind of superhero?


Yeah, no, I never really said that in that way, by the way, what I always said is something I had always done before the first Joker was I made movies about groups of people, in fact, mostly groups of men, right? and I. And what I really wanted to do was, was do a deep dive into a, a single person character study. but it did feel to me at that time in 2017 18, that that's a tough movie to get made in the studio system at that time. So in, in some ways it felt like, well if you, if you kind of couch it, it's one of these kind of superhero films, it might be easier to get it made. And that's really what the germ of the idea for Joker started as. But believe it or not, as, as a young person, I did read comics, I read mine was Daredevil and I read for anything.


Frank Miller did basically back then, which was, he did a run of Daredevil comics, he did a run of Course of The Dark Knight. And as far as the movies go, like anybody else, and certainly like every filmmaker, I try to see everything and you know, from Tim Burton's versions through Joel Schumacher and of course what Chris Nolan did. Now I'm just talking about the Batman world, you know, that stuff absolutely affected me. And you know, I was in awe of what Chris Nolan was doing of, of course. So all, yeah, all that stuff played into the movie as much as the, you know, inspirations for the films of the seventies. That in that inspired, you know, the first film When, when you were like reading Batman comics or watching Batman movies, did the characters strike you as mentally ill?


Like, you know, Joker and Harley Quinn? Well, certainly in in Nolan's version and what him and Heath Ledger did, yeah, I would believe they probably spoke, I've never spoke to Chris about it. I would believe that the, it was informed a little bit by mental illness under that version of Joker that definitely resonated, you know, with me. So an another question about working with Joaquin Phoenix and I, I'm not sure you'll wanna answer this, 'cause I'm sure you want, you feel very protective of him as I imagine you would with all your actors, but he's somebody who appears to be very eccentric and perhaps moody, and that's the kind of thing that can make it difficult for a director.


So could you tell us a little bit more about what it's like to work with him and to be a partner with him and trying to, for instance, rethink scenes or, you know, create a character? Yeah, I mean, what you're saying is sort of, I guess, a reputation that Joaquin may have, but all I can speak to honest to God is my experience with Joaquin, which is none of that. What I get is this very playful, very curious and very brave actor who just wants to try stuff and wants to try 11 versions of walking through a door. And to me it's literally music to my ears.


Like, we could do this all day because it's all an attempt to find the emotional truth to a scene, which is really all your job is as a director, right? So again, my experience with him is just not that Since the character Lee Quinzel develops a persona, just like Arthur does in his persona as Joker, her persona is Harley Quinn. It's a really interesting choice to cast Lady Gaga because Lady Gaga is a persona. Yeah. So she, she knows what a persona is like. Yeah, That's an interesting point.


You know, for us it was obvious because as we were kind of dancing around this idea of making a musical, making this sequel into a musical, I really wanted to find an actor that brought music with them. So it wasn't as much of a leap for people to look at and go, what the hell? No, it's still a leap. It's still like we're asking a lot of the audience to understand what this is and where we're coming from. But I did think Stephanie Lady Gaga does a lot of, does some of that heavy lifting for us in that she brings music with her. So you keep saying Stephanie comma, lady Gaga, acknowledging that Lady Gaga is a, a persona.


Is, is Stephanie very different than Lady Gaga? No, I mean, I mean, I, I say it because that's what I call her like personally, but then I realize in life Mo most people use that term. So I just, I just, it was like a habit. But I would say, yeah, I mean certainly Lady Gaga's a character that Stephanie created and embodies. I, I don't wanna speak for her. So she probably has her own theories on it and we never really spoke too deeply on it. But I mean, I think a lot of times, you know, there's, there's Eminem and there's Slim Shady and he creates these, and then there's Marshall Mathers, he's actually has a few, but, but yeah, I think that happens a lot in, in entertainment with singers in particular, what I was amazed at with, well I'm gonna call her Gaga now.


What I was amazed at with Gaga most was this idea of could she be vulnerable? Could she really, obviously she could sing, obviously she brought music with her and all that stuff. And I've seen her be great in movies and you know, I was, I was one of the producers on A Star Is Born, so I knew her a little bit. I knew what she was capable of as an actor, but the big question was, can she be vulnerable in the way that Lee has to be vulnerable in this film? And, you know, she just brought that instantly. Alright, let's take another break if you're just joining us, my guest is Todd Phillips. He directed and co-wrote the film Joker and it's new sequel Joker for Lee adu, which opens next month.


We'll be right back. I'm Terri Gross and This is Fresh Air. On this week's episode of Wild Card actor Jeff Goldblum sings his way through our conversation. 1, 2, 3, 1 Is the loneliest number two. Oh, just the two of us. We can make it three. Oh we three. We are not alone. I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPR R'S Wild Card podcast, the game where Cards Control the Conversation On how to do everything from the team at Wait, wait, don't tell me. We try to find the answers to all your burning questions. I'd like To know, how do I get someone to tell me if I smell? That's the perfect question for us. So we went over to her house and we sniffed Her because we care.


Listen to the How To Do Everything podcast from NPR. We'll sniff you too. Need a binge listen. Check out the latest series from NPR R'S embedded podcast. It's called Tested Tested. Since long before the Paris Olympics, women in sports have been asked to prove their gender. There was Chitchat about Is that really a Woman Listen to tested a new series from embedded and CBC about the history and future of sex testing in sports. All episodes are out now Here at Planet Money. We bring complex economic ideas down to earth. We find weird, fun, interesting stories that explain the way money shapes our lives.


Inflation recessions, the price of gas we've got you listen now to the Planet Money podcast from NPR. So I wanna play another song, and this is a song that Lady Gaga sings and it's close to you, the Burt Backrack Hal David song, which was popularized by the Carpenters. But the way it's sung in this, it has a kind of sinister edge to it, or a very troubled edge to it. Mm. And I'd like to know what the original version, you know, with the hit version the Carpenter's version song meant to you and why you wanted to include it in the movie as a song, as a song Sun by by Lee.


For us, it was, what's a funny thing, this song, because actually in the script we had originally had her singing Bewitched back to him. Arthur does an amazing version of Bewitched on a televised interview that he's doing for, for, for a kind of Geraldo Rivera like TV personality. And he ends up singing Bewitched about her and to her, and her response in that scene was gonna be singing Bewitched Back. But then we realized, oh, why would we do that? And Stephanie and I, Stephanie's Lady Gaga and I talked about other things to sing, and I had brought this song up to her because it was a song that I always remember being played for me in my house, not for me, but my mother playing.


And a lot of the music in the movie, the Arthur Music, let's call it, is, is based on these standards that I always thought, oh, Arthur's mom was probably playing around the house and he would always hear these songs. And now it's kind of, they're coming out of him. And, and in some ways that was similar with this, but I was thinking about my own experiences with this song and this idea of exactly what you said, there's two ways to listen to this song. You could listen to Karen and Richard Carpenter and it becomes this really beautiful thing. Or you could listen to Lady Gaga singing this to Arthur in an, in a visitation booth at Arkham Asylum and think it sounds almost like, I don't wanna say stalker, but a girl that you just know you might wanna, there might be a red flag that she's singing this to him Through.


Yeah. Right, right. Okay, so let's hear it. So this is Lady Gaga Suddenly appear every time you are near just like me to be Close. You, You, Why do stars fall down from the sky every time you walk by just like me?


They long to Be Close to You. On the day that you were born, the Angels got together and decided to make a dream come true. So Star there is why Lady Gaga from the soundtrack of the new film Joker Fully dude.


And my guest is Todd Phillips, who co-wrote and directed the film. So I'm assuming that the arrangement behind Lady Gaga was by Hilder Gunter. It's a really difficult name to pronounce. I know. Yeah, you said it and I and I Probably just said it wrong. I said, that's why before I was like, I just said Hilder, I always, I always mess it up. And it's, Well, she, she's great. She, she wrote, wrote the music for both films and I Imagine arranged the, She, she did Gaga of course, on this movie, had a lot to, to say and do with the musical arrangements as well. Okay. Yeah. Particularly, yeah. Well, because you know, their score and then their song. So if Gaga's gonna sing on a song, this is a perfect example close to you.


It's very much dictated by Gaga's original arrangement, meaning what she wants to do with the song. And then, as I said earlier, we kind of Hilda rise it certain ones if we, if we want to or not. This was a really interesting approach because we were often in musicals, you know, the actors want to sing live on set, and they do sing live on set, but they're usually singing to a background track of, you know, of the music. But because Joaquin wants it to feel really alive and of the moment, he didn't really necessarily want to decide what that arrangement would be.


So we actually had a, a pianist live on stage in like a soundproof little booth playing. So the actors were able to lead the music, not the arrangement, if that makes sense. And maybe this is a little too inside the inside baseball, but so Gaga's pianist is in her ear. She, but he's following her melodies in her lead, if that makes sense. Which really, I don't know who's ever done that before. It was, it was difficult because then we would backwards engineer the arrangement later in editing and, and, and put the music to it. It's so interesting, like Lady Gaga is a powerhouse, but in the film she mostly sings in a very small voice as we heard.


Yeah. Which I found really interesting. I like that small voice. Well yeah, because it's not Lady Gaga singing obviously, it's, it's, it's Lee the character she's playing. So I think she had to unlearn a lot of things. And as gorgeous as the, as the piece you just played is because she will always have a beautiful voice that's not Lady Gaga. She could do that, obviously way bigger and way more professional. But we didn't, that wasn't, that wasn't really what the character called for. So, you know, you picked up on it obviously that that sort of smaller voice she's using is, we use that a lot in the movie. And then at one time we really let her go when it's this full fantasy moment, right?


Because the music in the movie is both diegetic and non diegetic, meaning sometimes it's in Arthur's head and sometimes he's actually really singing out loud or she's really singing out loud to each other. So that one moment where it's really in Arthur's head, we really let her go. Not not the moment you just played, but another song later in the movie. Well, let's take a short break here if you're just joining us. My guest is Todd Phillips. He directed and co-wrote the film Joker and its new sequel Folie adu, which opens next month. We'll be right back. This is Fresh Air


Summer is over. You're spending more time in traffic and the calendar's more full than ever. There is also a presidential election to keep track of, but Fear not NPRs Daily News podcast, consider this can keep you up to date on the election and all of the other important things happening in the world. Listen to can consider this wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Elena Moore. I cover new voters for NPR. That means people who've never voted before, especially young people, their numbers and power are growing. What issues do they care about? How do they feel? What they say can tell us where this election is headed? My job is to bring their voices to you to help support our work. Sign up for NPR Plus just go to plus.npr.org.


Look, raising a teen is tough. You know, it's always been hard to be a teenager and it's always been hard to raise a teenager. I think a lot of parents feel like their kid has broken up with them. But this school year can be different with Life Kit's. Guide on Supporting Your teenager. Listen to the Life Kit podcast from NPR.


I wanna play another scene from the film. And Arthur, whose alter ego is his Joker. He's about to go to trial for the crimes that he committed. But his defense lawyer has arranged a high profile TV interview before the trial. Arthur feels like he has a reason to live now because he's in love with Harley Quinzel. The host appears to be trying to make the interview as dramatic as possible by being really confrontational. and I should also mention that the lawyer, his defense lawyer, is making the case that, you know, he kind of has a split personality. There's Arthur, who is traumatized by being abused as a child.


And then there's Joker who, who is an alter ego and a different personality. And it was Joker who committed the murders, not Arthur. So with that context, here is the in prison interview with Steve Cogan as the TV journalist and Joaquin Phoenix as Arthur Fleck. You still wanna die. Well, at the time it certainly seemed a lot easier for living, but that's, that's not me anymore. That's not, that's not who I am. That wasn't really you. No, That, that's no, that, that's the, Lemme get this straight. That's what I meant.


So your defense is, it was the Joker who did it an insanity defense. Okay. I I don't, I don't know about our defense. That's this alternate personality, this killer clown in You killed Murray. Who am I speaking to now? Which one of you is here? The poor low iq Arthur Fleck or the Joker who go to the bunch of no good punks? Or do you really care? You don't, you're just like, Murray, you're just like everyone. You just, you want sensationalism. You don't, you don't care about you just, you just wanna talk about my mistakes. You wanna talk about the things that I did in the past, not about who I am now, not how I'm different now.


That's what we should be talking about, Patty. Okay. So tell us what's changed, Arthur? Well, I'll tell you what's changed, Patty. I'm not alone anymore, Right? The girl who was singing the night you tried to escape And I. I'm trying to Escape. Miss Harley Quinzel, you two put on quite a performance that night. Oh, she's really something. Isn't, That was Joaquin Phoenix and Steve Cogan in a scene from Joko Folie, there have been reports that Joaquin Phoenix wanted to rewrite a lot of scenes, and that ended up in last minute meetings in a trailer totally redoing the scene.


How did you feel about that? You're a co-writer of it. When your star wants to rewrite what you've written do, do you think like, I think I I think that's totally blown out of proportion, I think, is it? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean, this happened all across the first film and, and same exact idea here. And it's not so much rewriting, it's, it's, you know, Joaquin just, it has to all come from a truthful place for him to be able to do it. And so, God, I mean, I can't think of a scene in this movie or the others that we didn't kind of reapproach every morning in the morning of shooting and go, okay, how do we make this better? How do we make it feel more truthful or, you know, but this happens with every actor.


I mean, I remember making due date with Robert Downey and we did the same thing. It's like actors just want it to feel authentic, feel fresh. Sometimes they've played it too many times in their head and now they want to say something different. But I, I don't know, to me that's all part of the process. and I think it's what Joaquin, I again, don't want to talk for Joaquin, but I think it's one of the things Joaquin really likes about working with me is that sort of flexibility that no, none of this stuff is written in stone. And yeah, of course we can re-look at what the intention was when Scott and I wrote this eight months ago. And maybe it's changed by where we are at right now in the, in the filming of this thing. You know, I think What's it like for you to keep rediscover, rediscovering things in your own work?


Well, I, I, I, again, I started this, I started being a filmmaker through documentaries, and that's all documentaries are, is, you know, you set out to make a movie and then the movie that you end with is very different than what you set out to make because the movie ultimately tells you what it wants to be. And then I went to comedy where you would try to write a joke eight months before you film it, and all of a sudden you have Will Ferrell on set and saying that joke to, to Vince Vaughn and it doesn't land the way you thought it would land, but Will Ferrell, who's a comedic genius, suddenly goes, well what if I do this? So it's this flexibility I've always had with story that I think is what made me transition to working with somebody like Joaquin.


So kind of seamlessly, honestly, because oftentimes in a dramatic film, I would imagine that that flexibility isn't always there. So to me it was just, it's part of filmmaking. It's, it's, you know, I jokingly always say filmmaking is not math, it's jazz, meaning it's a, it's a living, breathing organism that is constantly changing shape. Movies are, so you kinda have to take that same approach to making them, We should hear one more song from the new film, and this is a duet between Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga. And the song is The Bee Gees Song to Love Somebody.


This is a fantasy sequence where Phoenix and Lady Gaga are imagining hosting a live show, kind of like the old Sunny and Cher Variety show. And she's dressed, as I recall, in like an orange jumpsuit, Sort of a Bob Mackey inspired look Yeah know, Yeah, yeah, yeah. The famous costume designer. And so they're singing this song and let's hear it NC studios and it's the show Everybody say, ain't Love Somebody Way.


I love you Lady Gaga and Joaquin Phoenix from the soundtrack of the new film Joker Fully, I mean, like, can we just like, take a moment to really appreciate how absolutely brave Joaquin Phoenix is that he's singing a duet with Lady Gaga and he's like attempting to hold his own and he's singing it as Arthur and she's singing it as Lee, but you're entirely right. It's, it's inspired by, of course, Sonny and Cher in that idea that they, if if only things were different, they would have this future together and maybe be an act on the road or on television.


And you know, However, this scene does not end well, Right? Because Arthur is even in his thoughts wherever Arthur goes, Arthur is, if that makes sense. So yeah, it always ends badly for Arthur, even his own fantasies. So why did you choose this song as like the showstopper on the variety show? It felt very much like a song that they would've done on that show, you know, on Sonny and Cher. It felt very much wanted, you know, we wanted it to be a duet. Of course there's something really beautiful about the lyrics. I think it was Barry and Robin Gibb wrote these lyrics.


I'm pretty sure there's something just, and there's something, there's a warmth to this song. I don't know, that comes over me when it, when when it comes up in the movie. We just thought it was beautiful and fun. And you know, also on point on story. Do you love musicals? I do enjoy musicals a lot. And, and it's funny because I've gotten a little bit in trouble in the past for, you know, kind of saying, well, the movie's not really musical and I and I for the record probably should be correcting that because it is in fact, you know, there's a movie with music in it where people sing sometimes what they're feeling. It's the very much, the definition of a musical.


The reason I've always been a little res reticent myself is because the musicals I tend to love, or musicals in general, when you walk out of them, you feel a lot better than you did when you walked into them. And oftentimes you find yourself whistling the music from the musical you just saw. and I, I guess I didn't wanna mislead people because I don't know that you leave this movie feeling better than You did when you, you don't. So I always think the term musical all has a very like positive, you know, slant to it. So in some respects that was my kind of reticence of using the term. If you're just joining us, my guest is Todd Phillips.


He directed and co-wrote the film Joker and its new sequel Joker Folie Adi. It opens next month This is Fresh Air.


What can we learn about this year's election through the candidate's style from JD Vance's history making beard to Kamala Harris' sorority Pearls to Tim Wall's Dad plaid, the 2024 election cycle has been very fashion focused. But what are these politicians communicating through fashion and how has power dressing changed? Listen to the, it's Been a minute podcast from NPR.


If you are hearing this, that means you haven't gone sponsor free with NPR. Plus, join us on the plus side for awesome podcast perks across more than 20 NPR podcasts, including bonus episodes behind the scenes content sponsor free listening and more. Learn more and sign up at plus dot NPR dot org and never hear this promo again.


Hey there, this is Felix RAs, one of the co-host about Latino, the podcast from NPR Music where we discuss Latinx culture, music, and heritage with the artists that created Listen now to the Alt Latino podcast from NPR.


So who were you when you were a young man? I know you went to NYU and you made a couple of documentaries as student films. One was about fraternity hazings. That's right. And another was about a kind of very wild, controversial punk rocker. But who, who were you? Where did you fit in? I was, I guess I was just fascinated by subculture in, in a way, and I think that's what the, the first film I made, which is just references was called Hated. And it was about a punk rock singer, Gigi Allen, who ended up dying at the end of the movie.


For real, it's a documentary of a heroin overdose. But for me it was really about the, the, the subculture, this thing that attracted me. And, and you know, they always, at least at NYUI remember my phenomenal professor Christine Choi, who I'm still friends with to this day, would always say, you know, documentaries are 80%, maybe 90% subject matter. and I had stumbled on this, you know, musician and it just felt like, oh yeah, this thing could really almost make itself in some ways. and I look at that movie now and it's so shoddily made, you know, we made it for no money. It's shot on 16 millimeter film and it's so, so bare bones, but it's still effective because of who and what it was about.


But yeah, I guess for me, I had, I had just a deep curiosity like any filmmaker, any young filmmaker at the time for, for things that that kind of interested me and, and yeah, I don't know, I dunno if that answers it, of who I was at the time. I'm thinking, I'm thinking a lot of filmmakers and novelists start off writing stories about people who are like them. And you were kind of doing the opposite, I think. Yeah. Making stories about people who you were interested in but really weren't like you at all. Yeah, Yeah. I mean, I always wanted to be a filmmaker and I found like documentaries in a way, you know, if you're not a naturally born gifted writer, which I'm not by the way you, you have to write from experience, but what experience do you have at 18 years old outside of Okay, my parents were divorced, I was raised with a single mom, but I don't know that I had the life experience that you then put into movies later on when you start writing movies.


So I always saw documentaries as, as a way to kinda live life on fast forward and to get experiences and to, so to go on the road with Gigi Allen, the punk rock singer for a year, and be surrounded by that mayhem and you know, he was a bipolar schizophrenic slash drug user alcoholic. Well, that'll come back one day in my material and to be, you know, so yeah, while that's not who I am being around, that definitely ends up in your work later on. I mean, I think people, you could erase every movie between Hated and Joker and see a very clear connection between those two films. Did people have misconceptions of you because of the movies you directed, expecting you to be a kind of like wild man?


Of course. Yeah. I mean, people think I'm like a party guy or a, or a, or a, a bro so to speak, or a fraternity thing. It's like, couldn't be more opposite from who I am or, or you know, oh, I, we gotta go to Vegas with Todd. It's like, no, no, no. I'm, that's so not me. It's really funny. You've spent 10 years maybe on the same character. No, get outta here five Years. No, not 10 years. Five. Well, okay, five years. Yeah, you're right. Seven years. You're right. I've spent seven years thinking about Joaquin Phoenix. That's true. Right? I, I know I'd be incapable of doing like one, one kind of project for so long, long.


I know I've been hosting Fresh Air forever. Yeah. but it d But you have different people every day. Yeah, it's a different person every day. Yeah. I'm not kind of drilling down into one character and one, you know, basically one story. Yeah. Or you know, no, you're right. Different chapters of one story for so long. What did that do to you mentally and to be, to be living in that world for so long? And it's a very troubled world. It is. And it is, it is a world of, you're right. I don't, I don't know. I mean, I, I like to think it didn't, it didn't affect me in, in, in the ways I think that you're getting at. But again, going back to what I said earlier, like as a director, all you want to do is be around great actors.


All you wanna do is watch great actors. I feel so blessed that I've spent, as you say, the last five years definitely staring at Joaquin Phoenix's face, talking to Joaquin Phoenix, working with Joaquin Phoenix. I think he's the best at what he does. I think he's on Mount Rushmore for sure of, of his generation of actors. So I just feel so lucky. But yeah, it's nice to be done with it, you know, at the same time it's nice to be done with it. So are you ready to make another comedy now? You know what? I am ready to make another comedy. I think. I think that's, I think that's what the world needs. I think we are going through this, this, this end of this year is probably gonna be wild.


And it does feel like everybody just needs to calm down and laugh again. Todd Phillips, it's been a pleasure. Thank you so much for coming back to the show. Wow, Terry, thank you for having me. And it was wonderful talking to you, Todd Phillips directed and co-wrote Joker and the new musical sequel, Joker Folie Adi. The film will be released in theaters October 4th. The soundtrack will be released that day as well. Tomorrow on Fresh Air, the inside story of Trump, Russia, and the Mueller investigation, as told in a new book by three leaders of Mueller's team. We'll talk with one of them, Aaron Zey about the dilemmas they faced, why they didn't indict Trump, and the consequences of Attorney General William Barr's misinterpretation of the report.


I hope you'll join us. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham with additional engineering today from Charlie Kier. Our interviews and reviews are produced and edited by Phyllis Myers, Sam Brier, Lauren Kreel, Anne Mari Maldonado, Theresa Madden, Monique Nazareth, Thea Cha, Susan Kudi, Joel Wolfram, and Anna Bauman. Our digital media producers are Molly CV Nesper and Sabrina Seaward. Roberta s Schrock directs the show. Our co-host is Tanya Moseley. I'm Terry Gross. Hey, it's Mike and Ian. We're the hosts of how to Do Everything From the Team at Wait, wait. Don't tell me. Every Week we take your questions and find someone much smarter than us to answer Them questions like, how do I safely jump out of a moving vehicle?


How Do I dangerously jump out of a moving vehicle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who can Listen to the How to Do Everything podcast from NPR. On this week's episode of Wild Card Musician, Casey Musgraves explains how she's tried to slow down time. I'm kind of drinking each day, each moment in, and I'm trying to not like, wish myself to. The next whatever's on the horizon, I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPRs Wild Card podcast, the show where cards control the conversation.