
This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


This is Fresh Air. I'm David Bian Cooley. Now here's a group which has only experienced moderate success here in Britain, but which has had several big hits in the States singing for you. We present the zombies. Americans were right about the zombies whose first record the still spooky. She's not there. Made it all the way to number two on the Billboard pop chart in 1964 in England. The same single topped out at number 12. Five years later, by the time the group scored its biggest hit with she's not there, the zombies already had broken up, but they left their mark. The zombies were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2019.


And they're now the subject of a new documentary titled Hung Up on A Dream directed by Robert Schwartzman. Terry Gross spoke with the lead singer of the zombies, Colin Blundstone in 1998 when a box set also titled Hung Up on a Dream had just been released. It contains singles, rare and unreleased tracks and appearances on BBC radio. Here's the zombies. First single Lied.


How many don't bother trying to find her? She's not there. Well, Lemme tell you about the way she looked, the way she had to have the color Hair. Her voice were soft and cool. Her eyes were clear and bright, but she not There. Well, no one told me what could I do?


Well, no one told say, why should I? Please don't bother trying to find her. She's not there. Tell she had Colin Blundstone. Welcome to Fresh Air Terry.


Thank you very much. You got to record this song after the Zombies won a contest in I guess St. Alban's, where you were from and you won first prize. And the first prize was an audition with Deca Records. Tell me about the contest. The competition was held in Watford Town Hall, which was about eight miles away from St. Alban's where we all went to school. And Watford Town Hall was quite a big venue for us. It held about 2000 people and because there were 10 bands on every night, they all had their supporters and it was absolutely packed and it was a bit like a football crowd, you know, everybody had banners and bells and rattles and it was quite a sort of a wild place to play.


And we won our heat and I think there was sort of 10 weeks of 10 bands and the winner got through to the final and then we won the final. It was a magical evening. I'll never forget it. What did you sing in the final competition? Oh, I was hoping you weren't gonna ask me that. We sang a Zombies, sorry, a Beatles song. You can't do that. Oh, you know I got something to say that My God, you Pain. Do you Remember that one? Absolutely. I I I like that song a lot. Yeah, I do too. And we sang Summertime, which went on our, our first album and we did it as a sort of a jazz wolf. It was very jazzy and we sang a couple of other songs and I can't remember what they were.


Why? Why was the group named the Zombies? Well, quite simply because we'd been for the first few weeks of our career together, this was just when we were at school. I think to start off with, we were the Mustangs and we found that there are a million bands called the Mustangs. And then we were the sundowners and we had the same problem. And Paul Arnold, who was our original bass player, there was only one change in the band and this is why we were still at school. He came up with the idea of the zombies and I think we all thought that no one else would be crazy enough to call a band the Zombies. And it, so it really, I think that in a way it was an act of desperation. We were just trying to find something that no one else would've thought of.


So we ended up as the zombies. What do you think defined the zombies sound? Well, I think a lot of the sound really comes from the writers. We had two unique writers in the band and very prolific writers as well. And I think possibly especially Rod Argent, his writers, his songs were, I think, well truly wonderful. I think they were brilliant songs and he also was a, a brilliant keyboard player, so you got these great keyboard breaks that he would, that he would keep for putting into songs. Also, he was a very accomplished musician, even at an early age, he understood a lot about music, which certainly he was in a different league to me.


So a lot of our chord progressions and the bass notes we put on the bottom of chords was were quite unusual. And he also understood vocal harmonies because he was in the Cathedral choir until he was about 17 or 18. And if we played a gig on a Sunday night, we'd have to go and pick him up at the back of the cathedral where he'd been singing in whatever the, the thing had been at the, at the cathedral. And he'd have to be taking off all his church clothes and getting into his rock and roll gear and then we'd go off to the rock and roll gig. So I think our harmonies helped to make things a bit different as well. I think there were lots of things that contributed towards it, but the songwriting and the vocal harmonies.


And then maybe there's a little bit of the interplay between Rod's writing and my voice. I mean, both of them, Chris White and Rod Argent used to write songs for my voice. What Were the qualities of your voice that you think they wrote for? Well, especially for those days I sang in quite a high key, you know, considering compared with lots of other singers nowadays lots of people do that. But I think that was one of the things I think I tend to sing sad songs better than Happy go lucky songs. So often songs would have a sort of a haunting quality about 'em. She's not, there is probably a good example. I think they would look for that. Songs in minor keys would perhaps would be another thing they would look for.


So lots of little things all added up to the zombie sound. Yeah. A lot of the songs you sang had more to do with vulnerability than showing how strong you were. Yeah, that's right. Well that's me. Let's hear another one of the Zombies Big hits. And this is Tell Her No. Okay. Tell us something about, about the song or the session. I think as I remember, we'd been touring with Dion Morrick and who you would call Dion Warwick. And through that we'd got very interested in Burt Bacharach songs. And I have a feeling that Rod Argen, who wrote this song was going through a period of being influenced a lot by Burt Bak with regard to the session.


We would record probably three or four, maybe five backing tracks in an evening at Deca Recording Studios. And then we would put vocals on and it would probably be 12 o'clock or one o'clock at night before I got round to singing. And I always remember this session because I was fast asleep when they finished and they woke me up to sing, tell Her No. And in fact there's a mumbled line in the middle of Tell Her No because I was half asleep when I was singing it. And I said, listen guys, I better just do that again because there's this mumbled line. And they said, oh no, no, that's fine, don't worry about that. And I've heard stories of people who, in bands who have been trying to copy our version of Telene and they've been desperately trying to work out what the lyric is, and I have to, after 15 or 30 years or whatever it is, I have to tell them, well you shouldn't have bothered because it's just a mumble.


So there is no lyric there really. Where where is the mumble in the song? I'll leave it to you to find out because I can't remember off the top of my head. Oh, come on. No, I really, I can't remember. It's something like, you play the song and then I'll have a think about it while you're playing. Okay, why don't we play it? You listen in and then you tell us which the line was. Okay. Okay. Funny to hear This All the way from Mary And if she should tell you, come closer.


And if she tells you with a, Okay, that's alright. One, tell Her, no, no, no, no, no, No, no, no, No, no belong and I love you. And if she temps you Here, it's, That's it.


Did you hear it? Yeah. So it's the part I it sort of, yeah, go ahead. It sort of sounds like don't love her love from your arms or something. But really it's, I always heard it as Don't hurt me now from her arms. And I figured, well, I don't know what that means, but it's all right. I get the gist of it. Yes. But what it means is it was a rather sleepy zombie who was trying to do his best, but was a little bit not with it. He was amongst those not present. I always loved your, your your chorus of, you know, the the tell her nose with with your, your wo wo wos in it and all that. Did you, did you sing it the same way for, for each take? Or did it always come out different?


Well, it, it wasn't something that was specifically written. It was, okay, Colin, now do a little bit of something here. And it probably would've been similar, but it wouldn't have been exactly the same. What was it like to be in the United States and, you know, build as a British invasion band? What did that mean to you? Well, the surprise for me was the reaction. I mean, I, I wasn't particularly aware of the fact that we were part of the British invasion. I'm not sure if that term was used, certainly to me at the time. I'm, I mean, I know the expression now, but, so I can't really say I, I reacted to that, to that phrase when I was there.


But what was interesting to me was the enthusiasm and the huge numbers of the fans in America for, for all music. I mean, things were a little bit more basic back here in, in the uk we would be traveling in the back of an old van. There were very few freeways in this country, we call them motorways. So we would be traveling on country lanes, vast distances in a broken down old van. It wasn't terribly glamorous really, except we were, we were having fun, we were 18 years old, what did we care? But then when we went to America, we were playing two huge audiences and very, very enthusiastic audiences that were screaming and screaming and rushing the stage and tearing our clothes off.


And it was all pretty exciting stuff. Really very exciting. Do your best, to be honest with me about this. What's it like when you're 19? You're a young man, you're just getting started, you know, as, as a man in the world and sexually and all that. And here there's like, you go from city, it Sounds Very interesting. Yeah, you go from city to city and women are screaming and screaming over you. I mean, this must really give you a sense of being something else, you know, and, and just very Lucky as expression I was thinking of. Right. Well, I I enjoyed it very much. Definitely. It was wonderful. Well, I mean, how much did it go to your head and how sometimes that type of stuff really don't informs people's personalities?


Yeah, I don't think it did too much in our band, but again, it probably better if someone else judged it because we sort of had periods of success and we had periods of of, of not being so successful and we were brought down to earth with a, with a big bump. And also in the band, no one was allowed to get too carried away. I mean, we'd grown up together and anybody who got too carried away would be slapped into place pretty quickly. It was, it was very exciting and it was great fun. But we all still lived at home with our parents. We still lived in the little area that we'd grown up in and we weren't really allowed to get too carried away.


When you started performing, particularly when you came over to the States and started performing, did you get a lot of advice or guidance on what to wear, what kind of haircuts he should have? What kind of eyeglasses the guys in the band should wear, all that image type of stuff? No, we didn't actually. And I think that image, image-wise, I think it was a weakness in the band. I think, you know, we were together professionally for three years, although we were together for four years at school, towards the end of the three years I think we were getting the image thing a bit more sorted out. But it had just been a natural progression for us. And I think that we probably, we did, we needed help I think earlier on, how, how could it be any different?


Our first record had been a huge hit record around the world, and some of the guys had just left school and we, I don't know how much other bands thought about image, but we certainly didn't. And I wish that some shrewd character had given us a bit of help there. And then you just mentioned spectacles. Two of the guys wore very heavy rim spectacles and at a time when if you're in a teenage band, of course you want to look fairly attractive for people. And it wasn't very fashionable at the time for young men in rock bands to wear glasses. And towards the middle or the end of our professional career, Paul Atkinson stopped wearing those heavy rim glasses and wore contact lens lenses.


And he was a very good looking lad. And I think it might have helped us a little bit if he'd wore contact lenses from the beginning. But just little things like that I think we could have looked into. And I think also she's not there as a very charismatic song. It's eerie, almost could be a little bit sinister. And I think we could have worked on that. Right. Instead of which we came with a very jolly little teller, no number for our second record, which was, didn't seem to me to follow. She's not there very well. Really. In, in one article that I think was written in American newspaper or magazine, an article that's quoted in the liner notes to the new zombies box set, the band was described as clean, cut, quiet, well-mannered, intelligent.


They behave like gentlemen. And was that considered good or a liability at the time? Well, it's funny when you to be so clean Cut in your image. Yeah. When, when you met people in the media, I think they quite liked it because we turned up on time and You didn't insult them. We didn't insult them, we didn't spit. And, you know, but when you actually put that into an article, I think it can put people off. People want rascals and rogues and naughty boys, you know, then do you know what he did? Do you know what this guy did? People love that, you know, but then they're not having to face it firsthand. So in a way, I, I think that it went against us a bit.


Mind you, I'm saying all this with hindsight. I didn't realize it at the time. We were just making it up as we went along. Let, let's pause here and play something from the New Zombies Box set. And this is a a a a previously un isssued recording that you made, I think at the BBC. And it, it's a cover of Burt Bracks, the Look of Love. And you had mentioned before that the, the band had what toured with Dionne Warwick. That's right. The very first tour we ever did. And we were fantastic Burt Bach fans. I, I think still, I still am a big Burt Bach fan. He, he just writes the most wonderful songs. Were you thinking of Dionne Warwick when you sang this yourself?


No, because the version I'd heard was by Dusty Springfield and I think she had a hit in America with that version, but she didn't have a hit in the uk. It's funny how, how that happens, you know, people can have hits with a wonderful version of a song in one country and it doesn't mean anything in another country. Very strange. And now you're hearing the sweet and swinging sound of the Zombies. One more time in the Look of Love Written by Bur Of Love Is You I love you.


So Colin Blundstone spoke to Terry Gross in 1998. After a break, we'll continue their conversation and we'll remember Director James Foley, who died last week at age 71. His films include at Close Range After Dark, my Suite and Glen Garry Glen Ross. I'm David Bian Cooley, and This is Fresh Air Nice. And driving right If it don't work out.


This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, na member FDIC.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@warbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.


I'm Tanya Mosley, co-host of Fresh Air at a time of sound bites and short attention spans. Our show is all about the deep dive. We do longform interviews with people behind the best in film, books, tv, music and journalism. Here our guests open up about their process and their lives in ways you've never heard before. Listen to the Fresh Air Podcast from NPR and WHYY.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel. It is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify is the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the Internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers. Go to shopify.com/npr to take your business to the next level.


Today, The the very last hit that the Zombies had time of the season was from an album called Odyssey and Oracle. It's an album that didn't sell well at all in the United States, and the hit single time of the season, I think was released long after the album had already kind of bombed. What is the story behind why this record came out in the way that it did? Well, it, it's, I mean, it really intrigues me because I sometimes think that records have a life of their own because everything was against this record. We recorded it for CBS records in London. They'd only just started up, they were quite a small company in, in London and they gave us a very limited budget.


I think it was a thousand pounds, which even in those days was a very small budget for doing an album. And there wasn't a lot of enthusiasm. We'd had quite a few flop singles. We'd just come back from a disastrous tour of the Far East and we went into the studio, recorded this album, and there really wasn't a great response in the uk and I don't think in America they didn't wanna release it at all. But Al Cooper from Blood Sweat and Tears was in London and he just bought a lot of albums, took them back to America and he wrote the Leaf notes on this album in America. And, and he just felt that this album stood out from everything that he brought back from the uk. So he alone is responsible for what happened with time of the season because I think CBS had given up on this album, but he said, listen, this is a wonderful album.


You must release it when you think of how major record companies get behind some records or some acts and they put lots of money into promotion and marketing and probably the band have just come off a huge hit as well. And so, you know that something's gonna happen with this record Time of the season had no right to be a hit, but I'm very, very glad that it, it was a hit. And even in the studio, I, I tell this as a story against myself. I didn't really like the song and I didn't want to sing it. And it had been written more or less in the morning before we recorded it. And I wasn't too sure of the exact melody. And it's a Rod Argent song and he's very emphatic that when he writes a melody, he wants it exactly as he wrote it.


And quite so, I mean, I agree with him, it should be like that. And Rod and I had a set two in, in the studio. It was in Studio three at Abbey Road. And he wanted this song absolutely as he wrote it. And I kept, I kept making little mistakes. And I said to him, rod, listen, if you know how to sing it, you come in here and you sing it. And he said to me, mind you, the language was a little bit richer. I hasten to Add, He said to me, Colin, you are the singer, you sing it. And it went on from there. It was quite a fiery moment. But I mean, I'm really glad that I, he made me stand there and sing it. I would, I would be very upset if, if I hadn't done it.


Well, let's hear it. This is the zombie's time of the season. It's the time of the season. Love runners high in this time. Give it to me easy and lemme try with pleasure To take you in the sun From, To show you everyone of the season, love What your name Does show, show you what I really of the season.


So what was the condition of the band by the time this record became a big hit? Well, rod Argen and Chris White had been very successful in as songwriters for the zombies and for other artists as well. And I think that had fired their enthusiasm and they knew they wanted to stay in the music business. But for the other three, I mean we were really struggling just financially because concerts were few and far between. Our records weren't selling and we were, we were quite frankly going broke. And so it was getting more and more difficult for us. On top of that, we had worked absolutely solidly for three years.


There were no sort of three weeks touring here and then six months off or something like that. We worked solidly. And just speaking personally, I think I was very, very tired and just a little bit disappointed with the way things had gone. Remembering that we started off with a number one hit record, a gold record, she's not there. And from there on in, we seemed to have gradually slipped down the, the hill of success or however one explains it. And so I think personally I was feeling very disappointed. And I remember we were having a rehearsal, rod ar and Chris White was sharing a flat and we were having a rehearsal there and Paul Atkinson said, I listen guys, I just think that's enough for me. I, you know, I think I need to move on and do something else.


And Rod said, well listen, if, if one guy's gonna leave, I think we should all perhaps so get out and try new things. And I said, I said nothing. I just kept my head down and thought, oh my God, what's happening? And I just went up for a long walk. When time of the season came out, did everybody in the band think, well maybe we should actually stick together. After all. Well unfortunately the band had had finished at least an hour, at least an hour, at least a year before time of the season was a hit. And in that time everybody was doing very different things and really it at the time, it felt impractical for us to get back together again.


Again with the benefit of hindsight, I think it could have been done if everybody had wanted to do it. Colin Blundstone, it's really just been a pleasure to talk with you. I thank you very much for being with us. Well Thank you Terry. Yeah, it's been fun. Colin Blundstone speaking to Terry Gross in 1998, he led the original zombie invasion as lead singer of the British Group, the Zombies, which had several hits in the 1960s. A new documentary about the group titled Hung Up on a Dream has just been released coming up. We remember filmmaker James Foley who died last week at age 71. His films include Glenn Garry, Glenn Ross, a David Mamet play, currently being revived on Broadway.


This is Fresh Air,


Great conversation, makes for a great party. But how do you ask the questions that really make the room come alive? Well, here at Life Kit, we got you. What is a path You almost Took but Didn't on our latest episode? How to ask the magical questions that'll make your party sparkle. Listen to the Life Kit podcast from NPR.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPR r's Wait, wait, don't Tell Me Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast.


On NPR R'S through line Witnesses were ending up dead. How The hunt for gangster Al Capone launched the IRS to Power Find NPR R'S through line, wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Fresh Air. We're going to remember film director James Foley, who died last week at the age of 71. After a year's long struggle with brain cancer, Foley started his career with the 1984 film Reckless starring Aiden Quinn and Darrell Hannah. He followed that with a 1986 film at Close Range, a moody neo noir drama based on a true story about a murderous rural crime gang. The film has gained a dedicated following since his release. Christopher Walken plays Brad Whitewood Sr. The leader of the gang, which specializes in the theft of expensive farm equipment. He pulls his son Brad Jr.


Played by Sean Penn into the gang. But as he learns of an FBI investigation, Brad Sr. Begins murdering members of the gang. He fears will cooperate with the police. He kills his other son Tommy and orders the murder of Brad Jr. Who is wounded but survives the shooting. In this scene, Brad Jr. Is holding a gun and confronts his father. A note to listeners, you will hear gunshots. Is this the gun you used? That's a nice fucking gun. Is this the gun you used to kill Tommy? Tommy's dead in't he don't.


Talk to me about Tommy. Is this the gun you used to kill Terry? I never did nothing to Terry. Whoa. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. This is unused on everybody on me. Is This a family? Gunda? Jesus, Put that down. Seeing you, You are going to die. Come On. I know one thing clearer than I've ever known anything my entire life, except that I loved Terry before you killed her. And that is that you're going to die. You got the guts To kill me.


The soundtrack of At Close Range included the Madonna song Live to Tell the music video of that song as well as two other of her videos was directed by James Foley. He also directed Madonna in the 1987 movie. Who's that girl? Foley's Other works include the film After Dark, my suite adapted from a Jim Thompson novel and the Chamber adapted from a John Grisham novel for television. Foley later directed 12 episodes of the first three seasons of the Netflix series, house of Cards, and also directed episodes of Twin Peaks Hannibal and Billions. In 1992, Terry Gross spoke with James Foley live on stage after a screening of his then latest film, an adaptation of David Mamet's Pulitzer Prize winning play.


Glen Garry Glen Ross Mamet wrote the screenplay. The play currently is being revived on Broadway, starring Bob Odenkirk, Kieran Culkin and Bill Burr. But in Foley's 1992 movie, the cast included Al Pacino, Jack Lemon, ed Harris, Alan Arkin, and Alec Baldwin. Here's a scene written for the film, which doesn't appear in the stage play. Baldwin plays a corporate man who has come down to the real estate office for a pep talk of sorts with a salesman. You call yourself a salesman. You son of a bitch. I don't gotta listen to this. You certainly don't pal. 'cause the good news is you're fired.


The bad news is you've got all you've got just one week to regain your job. Starting with tonight, starting with tonight's sit. Oh, have I got your attention now? Good. As we're adding a little something to this month's sales contest. As you all know, first prize is a Cadillac, El Dorado. Anybody wanna see second prize? The Second prize has set of stake knives. Third prize is you fired.


We get the picture. You laughing now you got leads. Mitch and Murray paid good money. Get their names to sell them. You can't close the leads you're given. You can't close. You are Hit the bricks pal and beat it. 'cause you are going out. Before we hear Terry's interview with James Foley, let's listen to one more scene from the film. It features actors Ed Harris and Alan Arkin talking about what they could do if they had good leads. The leads are the suckers to whom they hope to sell real estate. Are You just talking about this or are we just talking about it? Yeah, we're just speaking about it. Speaking about it as an idea.


Yes. We're not actually talking about it. No. Talking about as a no. As a robbery. As a robbery. No. Well, hey, so all this you didn't actually, you didn't actually call Graft. You didn't talk to him? Not actually, no you didn't. No, not actually. Did you? What did I say? What did you say? I said not actually here George. We're just talking. We are, yes. 'cause 'cause it's a crime robbery. That's right. It is a crime. It it's all is also very safe. You're actually talking about this.


That's right. You're gonna steal the leads. Have I said that? Are you, did I say that? Did you talk to Graham? What did I say? What'd he say? What did he say? You buy him. The language, as we all heard, is not exactly naturalistic. It's a really kind of stylized like hyperrealistic form of colloquial language. When you are, when you're reading the script and figuring out what you wanna get out of it. As the director, how does a mammo script read different from what you're used to seeing as a scrap? Well, it's good, which is very, it's very different.


And I think the most important thing when I read this screenplay, I certainly was aware of what it was and I really began to read it with some trepidation. Like, why do I want to make a film out of this Pulitz prize winning play? It was not something I ever saw myself doing. And so I read it with the, well, you know, not likely. But what really surprised me was that the reading of it seemed much more emotionally accessible than my memory of the play. I had thought when I saw the play that it really appealed to me sort of from the neck up and was an interesting intellectual, philosophical, black, humorous sort of experience.


But reading the screenplay for some reasons that I later analyzed for myself, it really opened up a whole nother level of an, of an emotional accessibility to the characters that had not been evident from me on stage. Did you want people to read the lines naturalistically or were you looking for something else? No, that, that was very important. 'cause I became aware early on that there was a real danger that actors could get into with language like this, where they get seduced by the superficial level of gratification that comes from just saying good dialogue that's written in a rhythmic way. Because if you just memorize the lines and say them fast, they sound good. And so one could get convinced that it actually meant something.


And that actually happened a lot when we had actors come in to read and some really heavyweight actors had come in and and read and they made a big mistake by sort of having prepared in that superficial way. And so it was flashy and, and and entertaining, but totally boring to me. What I was much more interested in was getting actors who had an interior emotional life that was easily accessible. And I felt as if the technical aspects of being able to fire off this rapid, rapid dialogue with something that would come later. But it was secondary to me to, to this internal life and an internal life specific to a cinema actors.


The the casting is terrific in the film, but it seems to me you've brought together actors with really different kinds of acting styles. You have Jack Lemon, who's a kind of like naturalistic actor and Pacino's Al Pacino. You know, I was gonna sit and wait to hear you get an adjective for each guy. Welled Harris is, is is kind of chameleonlike in a way and he can really like blend, blend into a role. But there, I don't know, like lemons of a different generation than a lot of actors in, they're both in terms of his age but also in terms of his style. And I was wondering if you consciously picked people with different acting styles and what it was like to work with people who it seems to me probably take really different approaches to, to their characters.


Yeah, there was certainly no intention to deliberately pick people with different styles. It was really, I mean, Al and I literally sat down and made a list of who we thought were the best living actors without even regards to what parts they could play, how old they were, who do we think is great? And, and the list isn't that long, you know, when you sit down and just say who's the best. And we started from that, from that idea and wound up with these guys. And it's very true that they all have very different styles of acting. And it was a, a great fun for me when, particularly when they were all in the scene together and you know, you say cut and then you need to go out and speak to each one of them and you would, I'd find myself instinctually sort of speaking a ti entirely different language to each one, which was, which was nice because it made me sort of really expand my own idea of what it means to be a director.


And you know, for me the most important thing is to do what is needs to be done rather than what you want to do. So you Needed to speak a different language to each of the actors. Totally, yes. And, And so what, what would you tell Jack Lemon as opposed to Pacino with Ed Harris? Well, for, since Jack Lemon is very, will speak very clearly about the thing, quite literally the thing being what's going on at the moment. That, and I, perhaps the most telling thing is that when Jack would talk about the character, he would say he, he would say, I think he's feeling this because of this and blah blah blah and say whole articulate sentences.


Al would never speak like that. 'cause first of all he would say I referring to something, but he would never talk about any kind of singular idea or notion and something that I understand very much because if you articulate a single idea that's happening, then you might try, you know, you might sort of glom onto that in too much of a specific way rather than letting all the contradictions and ambivalences that might naturally come out. So he's very reluctant to identify any one particular feeling and even reluctant to finish a sentence. But I began to understand very well what he was talking about and I agreed with him. So our communication was more like him saying, I think, you know, maybe, you know, and I'd say, yeah, right, more so, and we somehow did it.


And, and and even to the point where it got to, you know, where once we had done enough takes where we both felt like we really had it, we would always do one crazy one. And that's who we just call it a crazy one because to try something just that was a stupid idea, but it's amazing how many of the crazy ones are, are in there. James Foley speaking to Terry Gross live on stage in 1992 after a screening of his then new movie Glengarry Glenn Ross More after a break. This is Fresh Air


On the indicator from Planet Money Podcast. We are here to help you make sense of the economic news from Trump tariffs. It's called in Game Theory, a trigger strategy or sometimes called grim trigger, which sort of has a cowboy esque ring to it. To what exactly a sovereign wealth fund is for Insight, every weekday listen to NPRs the indicator from Planet Money.


Look, we get it when it comes to new music, there is a lot of it and it all comes really fast. But on all songs considered NPR R'S Music Recommendation podcast, we'll handpick what we think is the greatest music happening right now and give you your next great listen. So kick back, settle in, get those eardrums wide open, and get your dose of new music from all songs considered. Only from NPR Fall in love with new music every Friday at all songs considered. That's NPR R'S Music Recommendation podcast. Fridays are where we spend our whole show sharing all the greatest new releases of the week. Make the hunt for new music a part of your life. Again, tap into new music Friday from all songs considered available wherever you get your podcasts.


Let's return to Terry's 1992 live onstage conversation with director James Foley after a screening of his then new film version of the David Mamet play. Glenn Garry Glenn Ross Foley died last week at age 71. You know, in the movie all the actors have to sell really crummy real estate. They have really bad leads, the real estate isn't good and the people who they're supposed to selling be selling it to don't have the money, money and they don't have the interest. I i wonder if like getting assigned to or volunteering to make a movie that you don't really believe in would be the equivalent of what these guys are up against selling stuff that isn't good. That's, that's very interesting. I think exactly that. I have thought about that 'cause I had one experience where I, I I did that and it was hell.


I directed an episode of Twin Peaks and it was in the second season and I had, they asked me in the first season and I couldn't do it. So they asked me at the beginning of the second season and I said yes. And I made this commitment and thinking it would be like the first season. By the time I got there, David Lynch had totally abandoned the thing, the scripts. He was not putting input into the writing of the script. He was off in Tokyo selling his art. And there I was stuck with this script that had nothing that was like full Lynch, you know, it was like a bunch, a bunch of people sitting around sort of making believe they were David Lynch. And I'm stuck with this script and it was, I was horrifying.


Nothing was more terrible in my life because you don't know what to do. I dunno where to put the camera, I dunno what to say to the actors. I just, I just want to go home. And it was really, really a, an awful experience. Luckily it was only four or five days, you know, one episode. But it, it gave me a lesson about that very thing that there's no way I could get through making a film that I didn't, even if Delusional didn't think had the potential to be good. When you're directing a movie in which all the actors in it are playing the part of somebody who's very aggressive and in, in selling, are they that way when you're trying to direct them? Was it an intimidating at all because they're all playing these really manipulative people who have their raps and they have their their Ways? No, it was, which has been my experience really on, on every film that actors really, really want to be directed and they want interaction.


Even The big stars. Oh, well that's what's great is that, you know, it doesn't matter who it is, you know, they just, and I, I really think the best actors, I mean, you know, like, like Alan and the rest of the guys are so interested in trying anything that they very much want to reaction. And what was interesting is, you said before is that each person wants that reaction in a different way. I mean, some people don't want you to say certain things and the people do want you to say certain things. And that's the fun part is this instinctual idea of figuring out what it is that they need at what time. Including sometimes being a little bit, pushing a little bit more than they might want at the time, but there's a mutual understanding of what you're doing.


Who did You push? Oh, I pushed them all in at different times in, in different ways, you know, but it's just, it's all different how, how you push them. 'cause sometimes pushing just means let's do another take right now really fast. And I go, well wait. And he said, no, it has to go really fast 'cause you know, we're really in, and you sort of discombobulating them on purpose because you feel like perhaps we're getting into a kind of a rut and it's getting too precious and people are getting too conscious of what they're saying and you want to, and I've taken to do weird things like, you know, I demand silence all the time from everybody on the crew and everything. And I'm always barking about that. And then I get total silence and then when it's ready to go, I scream, God not cut, what do I scream?


Action. I'm one of those two things just, and just scream action like as loud as I can, which is like really startling. And then the actors gotta be start saying his line. But it's sort of like sometimes you see them standing there and they're getting too much into a plan of what they're going to do and you want them to forget their plan and let whatever happens gonna happen. And so it's all different things of, of, of doing. I actually threw a fit once, a fake fit, yelling at somebody on the crew just to, you know, get, get the actors out of their lethargy and change the mood, the electricity on the set. Was The crew member in on the fact that this is a fake fit? Yes, Yes. I made sure I did that.


So what, What were you throwing the fit about? I was throwing the fit about people talking because I'm famous for throwing fits, real fits. 'cause people will not shut up. So I asked this one guy to talk. Right? So then I could turn around and scream at him. It worked. Did it get what you wanted? Oh yeah, definitely. So What did it get you Doing this? It got me the actors being more immediate. That the thing you always have to fight, you know, on take 11 is that people doing the exact same thing and it begins to become, they begin to remember that they just did it before. And so there's a repetition, an inevitable repetition.


So it's almost like this feeling you have, you know, when all of a sudden in the middle of the day, the weather changes dramatically and it goes from being sunny and calm and then wind is coming and you feel your whole mood and everything change and you've gotta sort of change the weather on the set sometimes. Well listen, it's been wonderful to have you here and it's been, I don't, it's been wonderful to get the kind of insights that you could give us into this film and into filmmaking in general. So thank you very, very much for being here. Okay, Thank you. James Foley speaking to Terry Gross in 1992, live on stage after a screening of his then new film, Glen Gary Glen Ross Foley died last week at age 71 on Monday show Cole Cola, the writer and star of the Broadway play.


Oh Mary, a crazy comic re-imagining of First Lady Mary Todd Lincoln in the days leading up to her husband's assassination. The New York Times calls it one of the best comedies in years. I hope you can join us. Fresh Air's Executive producer is Danny Miller. Sam Brier is our managing producer. Our senior producer today is Roberta Shaw. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham, with Additional engineering support by Joyce Lieberman, Julian Hertzfeld, and Diana Martinez For Terry Gross and Tanya Mosley. I'm David Bian. Cool.


This message comes from Sofa Spring Cleaning can be good for your home and your mind. It can boost your mood, sharpen your focus and fuel productivity. Another way to do all that. Sleeping well voted best luxury mattress by sleep foundation.org. Every sofa is handcrafted for a great night's sleep and they cost far less than retail. This Memorial Day saves $600 on $1,000 or more. At Saatva dot com slash npr.


Conductor Robert Franz says, A good melody captures our attention And then it moves you through time. Music is architecture in time. If you engage in the moment with what you're listening to, you do lose a sense of the time around you. How we experience time. That's on the TED Radio Hour from NPR. I.