
This is exactly right.


I am journalist Becky Milligan, host of The Butterfly King, a World War II murder mystery podcast on exactly right. It's a cruel tale of a doomed royal dynasty when King Boris of Bulgaria dies. Suddenly in 1943, every nation is a suspect. Join me as I unravel 80 years of lies and coverups to get to the truth. Who killed The Butterfly King? Binge all eight episodes of The Butterfly King available now wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, real quick before we start, we have some very exciting news for you from the world of my favorite Murder. That's right. So now, in addition to our Monday mini episodes and regular Thursday episodes, we are doing a new third weekly episode called Rewind with Karen and Georgia. That's right, Georgia And I. Do what we've never done before and that is go back and re-Listen to our earliest episodes of our own podcast nightmare. Yikes. Then we share our favorite moments, talk about the lessons we've learned along the way, and give important case updates. So, two, repeat. This is a bonus weekly episode of my favorite Murder. Whether you're a day one listener or you're a brand new Marino, please come and join us as we rewind to the very beginning.


The first episode of Rewind is Out now and episode two drops Wednesday, July 17th, wherever you get your podcasts. Goodbye. Hello, Hello And. Welcome. It's one of my favorite Murder. That's Georgia Hard Start. That's Karen Kilgar. We overlap perfectly like professionals now. Ever Since we got back in the studio, the hello has been like, like a eventually we're to fuck it up and stayed at the wrong time at like different times. But so far I don't think we are. That's been fucking beautiful. We've had four years of at home Covid training where we have made Zoom timing work. This is like, yeah. It's like we've been just doing really intense plank pushups.


Some say that we are the synchronized swimming of podcasting. Do you agree or disagree? I couldn't agree more. And. I wanna tell you that I'm from a synchronized swimming family. How? What? My cousins, Mary Kate and Eileen were both on the San Francisco Marionettes. My sister And I used to go watch them dude rehearse slash practice. Yeah. And in the summertime when our city cousins, Mary Kate and Eileen used to come and visit us, they would teach us how to do so, you know the one where like their legs are just floating on the water and then one goes up and then the drill goes down. We worked for an entire summer on that. Yeah. 'cause you have to because that's how hard it is because It's doesn't make sense and you're basically doing it like by pretending your hands are flippers.


Right. I've always loved synchronized swimming. I think that's amazing. I do think like it was a detriment to my childhood that there wasn't more synchronized swimming in it. So congratulations. I I hate to lord it over you, but at the same time No, I know. I know these privileges. They just feel so great. What I love is that when you are on a synchronized swimming team in San Francisco, California, it is so cold. Oh my God. And Overcast. Yeah. And everyone's there with their like nose clip on. Yeah. And like going for it. But it's like such a warm weather sport. Yeah. Taking place in San Francisco. Oh, Will they ever learn? I mean No. No, they don't have to because basically the marionettes were saying the San Francisco marionettes synchronized swimming team, they were saying we're tougher Absolutely.


Than the rest. We can do this with chicken. What are they called? Chicken Arms. Chicken arms. When you're cold. Chicken skin. Chicken skin. Not chickenpox is where I was going. And I was like, that can't be Right. Please, please don't swim with chickenpox. Listen, don't. If you have active diarrhea or you have chickenpox, you cannot go in the swimming pool. Also, no cutoffs, no running, no bottles. Well, I'm fucked. You're fucked for summer. Can I tell you about the worst book I've ever read? Please. It's like horrifying. Would you read me the worst book you've ever read? That's our new podcast. I don't mean it like that, it's great. But remember how I was Like, I need I I need suggestions for like happy, fun time books. This is not that You went, then you went straight to Stephen King.


I went so dark. It is kind of Stephen King. It's called Fantastic Land. And the premise is that there is a horrible hurricane like Storm and off the coast of Florida and the people. That's true. Yeah. And the people who work at this amusement park called Fantastic Land have to stay behind to protect the parks. There's like 200 of them. There's enough food and water for everyone, but people go fucking mad. Yeah. And each faction of the park, you know, like band together and become basically like, it's like a Lord of the Rings. Yes. But in a fucking amusement park. Who say the author? It's, It's called Fantastic Land and it's by Mike Bov. Bko. Bko Bov. Spell it. Spell it.


B-O-C-K-O-V-E-N. Bko. And it is like it's told by interviews with people who were there. That's how this like book is read. Okay. Which I love that World War Z did that really well too. Almost like you're reading a documentary. Yes. Okay. Yeah. And it's just the things that they end up doing is like, and it doesn't seem that farfetched. Right. But it's, oh, I gotta read this. It's a good one. I highly recommend not listening right before bed. We say on our True Crime podcast. Hey, where are you in your day? Had just hit the pillow. Hi. This is different. There's no limbs being amputated by pirates. Like it's not the same. Spoiler Alert. Spoiler alert.


My I'm all pirates this episode. Sorry. Yeah. I was gonna say, but I think this is too far in the future, but just two political, exciting, positive things that happened both in England. Oh yes. For real. Not in this country, but both in England and in France. Where it is just a thrilling thing to see people actively work against the negative influences and these bizarre movements of people who can't handle real life. Yeah. Can't handle diversity and kindness and any kind of modern Technology, Body autonomy. Like, you know, any of the things Can't navigate the internet.


Right. To the point where they're not influenced by Like leads their life in a certain way and therefore thinks that everyone needs to be Christian as well. That's what I'm trying to Say. She said it out loud. It's wild. It's, it's very fantastic land out here. Oh my God. It is. It so is. It is. But here, well here's what's great. We already have our group That's, that's right. It's you and me. Oh my People listening this podcast. Oh, what? We're Gonna be over by the hotdog area of this fantastic land. Absolutely. We're gonna be guarding the hotdog with our lives. Oh wait, that's a thing I'd like to recommend, even though it's a book I haven't read yet, but I am so excited to read.


So this is a creator on TikTok, simply named Hillary with one L. And Hillary is talking about a book that she read by friend of the network, Jamie Loftus. I'm pretty sure Jamie Loftus has been on. I said No gifs. I've known about her for a long time from Twitter and her being a writer and stuff. And she came out with a book called Raw Dog and it's about hotdog, but it's also about a bunch of other stuff. And the reason this, It's like a novel or a memoir or Like it's a No, it's a nonfiction. Nice. And the reason that this creator was making a TikTok is because Jamie Loft is tells the story about how Auntie Ann's pretzels was created.


And it is very surprising and very empowering. And that's just one of the many stories in Jamie Loftus book. Raw Dog. Yes. And so if there's a person I don't know on TikTok telling me about the book written by a person I kind of have heard of. Right. I'm gonna get in the middle and try to get some credit there. Yes. It's your story now. Yeah. So Read Raw Dog by Jamie Lice. Yeah. Let's all read it together. Yeah. A lot of people wrote in, I did the Maple syrup high story last week and a lot and we were talking about corn dogs and syrup and stuff. And a lot of people wrote into Let us know that in Canada a lot of places will boil the hot dogs in a maple syrup. No. Before turning them into corn dogs.


No, that's not true. That is, yes it is. My life has changed forever. So it's like a candy hotdog inside of a corn fritter wrapping. Yeah, that sounds incredible. I know people get so mad at me, but like I'd wanna use ketchup still. Well, you gotta do what you wanna do. But would you take the first bite ketchup free just to see? Sure. Yes. That's what my mother would ask you to do. And I'll, It's just try it so hot that my mouth, I can't taste the same anymore after that first bite. Yeah. You need to blow out like your first four taste buds. Right, right on the end of your tongue. No, that sounds really good, doesn't It? What if more things need to be boiled in fucking Mabel? Syrup. Eggs. Oh, eggs.


So like soft boiled eggs with kind of a What if I made like a Yeah, an eggs benedict. Soft boiled egg in maple. No, she's shaking her head now. It's just a soft aspect. Eggs are, Yeah, you're not, Eggs are a little bit on the mayonnaise side of things for me. Oh. Where? I don't know. It can go wrong and it Usually does. Most places don't do it right. Well Also because it's so specific like that is actually a really good, it just popped in my head of like a first date question. Oh. Just simply how do you take your eggs? Yeah. Like how do you insist upon your eggs being made for you? Yes. That's a great idea. Because If someone said like three minutes soft boil. Oh, I'd be like, oh, excuse me, I must use the restroom for a moment.


And I would peel out so loud. Anything that involves a soft white or like a runny white. What do you that's called? That's called salmonella. Like that's not even, It's dangerous. It's Dangerous, but, but people maybe that's like kind of hot though. Like you live on the edge a little bit. Blur blurred. You eat raw chicken, You just go for it in the kitchen trying to get diseases. Oh no. I think probably the most attractive egg that you could order Yeah. Would be sunny side up with a hard yolk. I order mine over medium. Did you know that's a thing? Yes. I, I didn't know that until like 10 years ago that you can order. It's like over easy. Great.


Over medium. It's just a little more. So it's almost like the center is gooey, but the outside's starting to get hard crispy of that Yolk. Yeah. And not super gooey that it's like everywhere, but just like starting to not be gooey anymore. Right. It's unfortunate that you accidentally just said the word snot because that's the element of eggs that I do not want snot coming into the conversation. Oh, I just snuck it in there. You know me, I love sneaking in a secret Snot, you know, it's kind of crispy but it's snot. Snot. It's actually snot. It's snot based. Snot based podcasting. Good Morning, are you eating your breakfast and listening to this podcast again, we apologize. Whatcha Even doing right now? Eating your breakfast while you listen to this.


The the two things we've told you, don't fall asleep to it and don't eat your breakfast to it. And, and yet that's all that's happening. Here You are. People are, people are writing and it's like, what are you even doing? I'm doing everything you tell me not to do. You're so rebellious. Should we go to highlights of our podcast network? Let's do it. Okay. We have a podcast network. It's called Exactly. Right Media. Here are some highlights. This week on This. Podcast, Will, Kill You. Erin and Erin complete a three part series on in vitro fertilization. Ooh, these are two doctors. Yes. By the way, these are people who know what they're talking about. So they've already covered the root causes of infertility, the technology behind IVF and in the third episode, they're gonna discuss the potential future of IVF.


Unreal. That we have them on our network. They're so smart. Yeah. And This week on Buried Bones, Kate Winkler Dawson and Paul Holes. Head to 1841 New York City where a young woman never returns to her crowded boarding house and the number of suspects is staggering. Stay tuned next week for the second episode in this two part series. Oh, 1841. So long ago, so long ago. Also, Kate Winkler Dawson's back with a new episode of Wicked Words, her True Crime Talk Show and This week, she's joined by legendary true crime author Patricia Cornwell. And exciting news for anyone who is unable to join Bridger in LA for his I said No Gifts. Very first live show. You can listen to that episode with guest Blair Saki, Carl Tart and Rob Huble This week.


And you can hear Bridger's boyfriend Jimmy, who is a legit Broadway legit star singing the theme song in place of Amy Mann who could not be there that night. And so Jimmy sang it. That's so amazing. I saw it on Instagram. It's like the perfect thing. Speaking of Instagram, follow us every Saturday we're putting up a video. Karen's doing sinkhole reviews. I am having cookie my dog pick out my outfit. So follow us on Instagram and TikTok. What's the one you like? TikTok. I like TikTok. Yes. Where the children are. Oh, also to combat the summer heat, we recommend that you stay inside and consider picking up a my favorite Murder puzzle because it's the perfect indoor activity and it's the perfect outdoor activity too.


Sure you can do it anywhere. And so visit exactly right store.com and go get your puzzle. KK, K.


This podcast is brought to you in part by Squarespace. When you think web developers, you might think spiders, but they're not the only ones who can build a web site. You can do with Squarespace. They make creating and managing a website easy and intuitive. With Squarespace Blueprint, you can build a custom website in just minutes. All you have to do is choose a template and design from their beautifully curated options. You can also upload and organized video content in your library. There's even an option to add a paywall if you're hoping to monetize. Plus The Squarespace payment process couldn't be easier. And in eligible countries you can offer buy now pay later options. Most importantly, squarespace's New and improved SEO tools will help you connect to the right audience fast. Don't let managing a complicated website hold you back from growing your business and reaching your customers. Whether you're a spider or just a person, go to squarespace.com for a free trial And when you're ready to launch, go to squarespace.com/murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder. Good. Goodbye.


If you've ever BA TV show set in the 1960s, you might have the urge to redecorate your entire house. Luckily, When you shop an article, you'll find a curated assortment of mid-century modern designs to make your home or office into a retro paradise. Article has over 60 different design bundles to choose from. Start by selecting the room that you're shopping for. They showcase designs for living rooms, bedrooms, dining rooms and offices. Plus Their outdoor bundles will have you ready for your summer get togethers. And the best part about these bundles is when you purchase these pieces together, you get a special discount. You should check out the Corvus Modular Corner sectional. You can mix and match the modules to blend with your existing look or add the matching ottoman and create a brand new space. Yeah, I actually got a table from them that is very small, simple entryway table. Everybody mentions it when they come in the door. Hey, I love that table. Oh. And it is like a showstopper from the second people walk in the door. Everyone loves it. Yeah. You don't have to be like a designer to still end up with an amazing, beautiful room with article. 'cause everything is gorgeous and like really stylized and Cool. And now article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye. Goodbye.


I'm first. Let's wait. Okay, you go then I'm gonna ask you if you've seen a 1970s movie, you're gonna say yes and you're gonna know more about it than I do and I'm telling this story about it. How many anecdotes do I get to wedge into this? All Of them. Okay. 'cause you, yeah, because I don't even know because This is my era. Ready? Yes. Today's story is about a famous folk hero of the south. A man who was immortalized in a biopic while he was still alive, which I think is like a big deal, right? That's pretty legendary. But He died under mysterious circumstances shortly after it was released. This is the story of Beauford Pusser. I'm gonna have to say that a lot. This that's his name. Pusser Beauford Pusser. It's just how it is. It's just what it is. Whose name is forever associated with the title of the movie and his own personal philosophy Walking tall.


Hmm. Okay. I first saw this story on this Instagram that I love called History Uncovered. And you can find 'em at real history uncovered on Instagram. And they also have a podcast called History Uncovered. And I've just found so many interesting stories from them. So check that out. Great. The main source they for the story is a book called Walking on a Daughter's Journey with legendary Sheriff Beaufort Pusser. And it's by Buford's daughter Deanna Pusser. And the rest of the sources can be found in the show notes. Okay. Okay. Lemme tell you about Beaufort Pusser. He's born in Adamsville, Tennessee in McNary County in 1937. So the fucking south and the thirties. Yeah, like shit's rough. His father Carl is the Adamsville police chief.


McNary County is in the southern part of Tennessee. So the county line is also the state line with the border with Mississippi. You knew that 'cause you Sure we both did America, you and me in American Geography. Mm mm The states, The state line area is at is like super notorious for being a hotbed of organized crime and corruption. Like this is the, you know, what do they call the Dixie Mafia? Oh, at the time they're known as the state line mob. Oh, okay. So there's particularly a lot of moonshining, which is still a big thing, even though prohibition is over. You did that story on that moonshiner that one time, remember? Yes, that's right. And there's illegal gambling, which is often rigged.


There's drugs, there's sex work. I mean there's just like ripping off tourists. It's just like a lot of organized crime going on. Wasn't The guy that I talked about. It's named Popcorn. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Legendary. Yes. So the loosely organized group of criminals are called the state line mob and they run amuck in this region. They pay off, you know, local officials to not get in trouble. Oh. So there's that of course. And historically Tennessee and Mississippi officials have avoided enforcing the law. So they kind of all ignore it and say it's the other state's problem. Because they're on the state line. It's kind of hard to delineate who it, whose jurisdiction it is. And they kind of don't want to because these are, you know, these are not people they wanna tussle with.


Right. At the center of all this illegal activity at the state line is a place called the Shamrock Motel. And it looks exactly how you think it would look. It's all dusty and gorgeous and old timey. Low to the ground, very Low to the ground. Yeah. Like think no country for old men when they go to that motel to hide out. Yep. It's like that. Okay. And the motel is run by a woman named Louise Cock. So Louise. Okay. Picture like it's ma Barker essentially it's like the head of this organized crime thing, but she's a little younger and a little, there's like a photo of her with that looks like it's straight from a, what were the ones that you took in the mall when you wanted a Oh glamor. Shots like, like a glamor shot. It's like epic.


Okay. So she is like the boss. She's known as being ruthless. She carries a hammer around with her when she waits tables in the Shamrocks restaurant. It's not for self-defense, it's for enforcement. Oh like this, you do not mess with Luis Cock. Could I get a refill on my nap Smash at the Shamrock as well as other motels along the state line. It's not just a den of illegal gambling and moonshining these places, they advertise themselves on billboards and people on their way home need to stop for the night. They regularly pull into them thinking it's, you know, just a quick little motel sleepover. Right. It's off of Route 45. And that's popular for people traveling to the Alabama or Florida coasts.


So it is traveled a lot and while they're staying in the motels, these unsuspecting travelers are often robbed in their sleep. And anyone who like goes to the front desk and is like, yo, I've been robbed. They're like, okay, do you want something worse to happen to you? No. Then keep moving. Wow. And that's kind of their racket. That's Bad Customer service. It is. I have to say. And like the local officials don't care because they're either on the take or they're fucking terrified of these people too. You know what I mean? And then some travelers are known to simply disappear somewhere along the Tennessee, Mississippi border. So not a great vacation destination. Just don't go down over there. Don't go by there. Don't do it. So we're back to Beaufort. Pusser starting as a high schooler in Adamsville.


He and his friends take trips down to the state line to peak at all the illegal activity going on. Of course. How fascinating. For a teenager. Sure. Once when he's at the Shamrock, when he's 17, Beaufort sees Luis beat a sailor to death with her hammer in the middle of the restaurant. Oh my God. Yeah. Some of it's a tail, who knows? Then when he's 20 years old in 1957, Beaufort himself becomes the target of a similar beating. He goes to an illegal gambling outfit called the Plantation Club. He's playing craps, he's winning. And then he sees the dealer changing out the dice for other ones that are obviously, you know, plants. Beaufort calls him out and then four members of the club staff jump him, pistol whip him and like stomp on his head like this is a real beating.


Yeah. He's dragged outside and left for dead, but somehow he's able to get himself up and drive himself to the hospital. He needs 156 stitches. Jesus. Like that's not a little bit in his head and chest, but he recovers and he never forgives the state line mob like at this point he's got a vengeance out for them. Okay. So, but Buford, at least at the age of 21 isn't all about law and order at the time. He and two friends find one of the men who injured him and they beat him up pretty seriously. And so while Buford will eventually be regarded as a folk hero, he is far from perfect. He and those friends wind up facing assault charges but aren't convicted because they had clocked into their jobs in a nearby factory at the time of the assault.


Oh. So they clocked in later and beat the guy up and then came back. So They kind of had like a cover. So it was like unprovable or just that they were like An alibi I guess. Yeah. Okay. Buford moves to Chicago, he intends to go to mortuary school, but he winds up finding a bit of success as a professional wrestler. Oh. Named Beaufort the bull. Had Vince heard Of him? He hadn't heard of him, but he knows like the outfit where he, like the southern outfit where he wrestled and there's that photo of him as in the wrestling, you know, and the underpants and stuff Looking mean in his underpants. Yeah. He, oh by the way he's six. Six. Oh shit. He's six foot six tall. So like This is a literal story of walking tall. Yes. So he is enormous. And so he becomes a wrestler and you know, he finds some success there and there he meets his wife Pauline.


She is divorced and has two kids, which is rare for the time named Mike and Diane. And after Pauline and Beaufort get married, they have their daughter named Ana in 1961. And Bufort adopts both of her other children. Oh. So shortly after Ana was born, when Bufort is still in his early twenties, his father, who was the chief of police in his hometown, is doing home repairs, falls through the floor to the level below, which is hilarious in movies. But fucking not good. No, in real life. Very bad. In real life. He seriously enters himself. So Beaufort and his family moved back to Adamsville to help. And Beaufort s dad ultimately convinces Beaufort to take over as chief of police in the town.


Oh, he's Like, I can't do this anymore because I fell through a fucking floor. Will you take over like with no training or, I mean, it's a little, It's almost like in the movie Tombstone where it's just like the old guys, Like, I gotta go. Nobody else can do it. You have to do it. Yes, exactly. Yeah. So then in 1964, when he is only 26 years old, Bufort is elected sheriff of McNary County at 26. So the incumbent had died before the election and he beat out three other candidates. So he went like he won, He won Fair Square. Square. As soon as Beaufort is elected sheriff, he makes it his mission to clean up McNair County. Sir, Sir, Take your stitches and come on.


Right. And that means going after the state line mob, he prints business cards that read quote, I answer all calls, end quote. Because I think beforehand it was kind of like lawless. Yeah. A little bit. Understandably. And now he's like, I'm up on this. It's happening. I mean, I hate to lecture you about the movie Roadhouse, but With the current one or the old one both Watch me as I weave both together. I wish you would. No, I was just gonna say it's a, I have learned from that movie that if the state line mob is doing things and no one's gonna do anything about that, that means the state line mob is in charge of everything. Yeah. And so local law basically has to become corrupt because they're not gonna fight 'em.


So they either sit there and do nothing or just join them. Yeah. So like it really is, I think that's why we all just love a story like this because it's someone that's coming in and being like, no, I'll do it. I'll fight him. No, I'm six foot six and here we go. Yeah. I, I've already seen some shit. Yeah. I'm, I'm ready to, I have a grudge, a very valid one. Yeah. I'm Beaufort the bull. I was a wrestler. Yeah. He starts assisting the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation with raids on state line establishments, including the Shamrock and another one called White Iris. And the White Iris is also owned by Luis and her husband Jack. And it's the base of operations for the most notorious figure in the state line mob. He is a man named Carl Douglas White, but he goes by toe head white.


Oh, he's not blonde. I don't know. Just a nickname. Maybe he was when he was a child. Sure. Yeah. So toe head wants to be known as the Al Capone of the south. And in 1964, Luis shoots and kills her husband Jack at the white iris and says it was self-defense. Which is totally plausible because he has a violent history, but most people don't believe it and think she and tow head conspired to murder him because they hook up and possibly marry after this happens. So they're like, let's join forces and kill my husband. Maybe after it's the sheriff department destroys any moonshine, but is able to auction off the legal alcohol. And with the money this raises for the county, Beaufort is able to hire several sheriff deputies, which the small county had previously been unable to afford.


Which like makes total sense where it's like there's two people on staff, maybe like pay them off or they're scared of us. But now he's like getting people to join his ranks. Like he's putting together his own little outfit. Same in Roadhouse. But also I think that the idea, first of all, you didn't have to pour out that moonshine. No. And they didn't. Even though they didn't. But also that idea of like, oh, we'll take all this stuff that used to be illegal that no one can get their hands on. And basically they're having like an alcohol bake sale Totally. For justice. We're selling your shit to fucking get people to go against you. It's like the ultimate fuck you. It's pretty great. Yeah. And actually one of the early hires is a man named Dave Lipford and he is the first black deputy in the history of McNair County.


Wow. Yeah. So Buford's crackdown on the state line makes him a widespread folk hero among many inside and outside McNair County. But it also of course makes him many enemies very shortly into Buford's career. There are attempts on his life and there are a couple different ones. I'm not gonna get into all of them, but like he gets shot at pretty regularly and there's a lot more stitches that happen to him. Oh wow. Yeah. He Already has too many. Yep, Too many. And he gets more. Okay. In February of 1966, Beaufort and several deputies respond to a call at Shamrock where Luis owns the place with her hammer. A couple from Illinois had been staying there overnight and they woke up super late and groggy.


They'd eaten dinner in the restaurant and they woke up and they're like something like we were drugg or something and all their money and some jewelry had been stolen. Like all their shit's gone. Jesus. So Beaufort, he doesn't always carry a gun on him when he responds to calls, like the big stick is kind of part of his persona. But that day one of his deputies suggests that he bring it along and when Beaufort and the deputies arrive, Luis is still drunk from the night before. Mm. Our, our girl Louise Beauford says he's going to have to go with them for questioning. And Deanna the daughter writes that Louise quote stood there a bit disheveled in her stretch pants and sweater and barked You punks. I'm not going anywhere.


Damn. Yeah. So she convinces Beauford to go in other room and have a chat with her real quick like one-on-one in her office. And once she's inside it, she allegedly, 'cause it's just the two of them. So allegedly pulls out a gun and fires at him, she misses, but Beaufort falls over and while she's standing over him, she tries to fire again. But the gun jams and at the same time, Beaufort grabs his gun and shoots her and kills her. Oh yeah. No Witnesses. He, yeah, he killed like the head of the mob, But there were witnesses to her saying, let's go in here and talk about it. Yeah. Okay. I think it was like widely acknowledged that she was drunk and you know, not well and Like Don don't know there's people who dispute what happened, but very few, I couldn't really find a lot of naysayers.


Right. So, right. The medical examiner notes that while he is conducting the autopsy on her, he has to pry her 38 revolver from her hands. Like this chick is Literally, oh no, this Is to the very end. She did it first. Yeah, she did it first. It reminds me of what's the actress from Goonies that everyone loves the mother, the One that was in Throw mama from the train. Yes. With the little beret. Yes. I can't help but think of her even though she doesn't really look like her, but I just, she, she'd do great in that role. Got it. You know, so in August of 1967, when Beaufort is about 30 years old, the Pusser family is about to leave town for a vacation. They're going on a road trip to see Pauline's family in Virginia.


And in the early morning the day the family's supposed to leave, Beaufort gets a call at home that wakes him up. It's a voice he doesn't recognize. They say that there's some criminal activity going down at the state line. This person won't say anything more over the phone. He's like, you gotta just come out here and I'll tell you more in person. So Beaufort wants to just deal with this before the family trip. So he tells Pauline he's gonna just go down and talk to the guy, then come right back. But Pauline says she wants to go with him, which is, I thought was super weird. That's like early morning call, leave your kids at home. Although like one of the daughters was 17, so it's not that word and go with him on this call, but then it says that she wanted him to buy her breakfast on the way back, which I'm like, well that is under I That's fair.


And if it's, yeah, for real. And if it's a small enough 'cause you gotta get your soft boiled eggs in somehow. But it is very small town to be like, can I go with you on your job and I'll just wait for you at the diner or whatever. Right. Kind of Thing. Just run a couple errands while you do this thing. But Is it a small town or am I just guessing that I think, I think it's a small town. Okay. Yeah. And she also thought that he would come home quicker if she were with him. Like there would be less dilly ding if she were like, let's fucking go. Yeah. So that I understand. Yeah. It's four 30 in the morning when they leave and Beauford and Pauline are chatting about the family trip and Pauline puts a country music tape into the eight track player and as they pass a church, Beaufort notices that a Cadillac has pulled out of the parking lot and is now following them.


Beaufort clocks the Cadillac, he speeds up, but the Cadillac keeps pace behind him. Then the Cadillac swerves into the other lane and pulls up next to Beauford and Pauline and Beaufort can see that there are two men in the front and one in the back, but he can't make out any faces before they start firing at them. Almost immediately Pauline is shot in the head and she slumps down into Buford's lap. No. Yeah. So like if she hadn't come with him, Ugh, I know the shots keep coming. One shatters the windshield spraying glass into Buford's face, he floors it and somehow he speeds away from the shooters and is unharmed. And then when he can't see the Cadillac in his rear view mirror anymore, he pulls over to try to tend to Pauline.


They're both covered in blood. She's not breathing. He turns around in a seat to grab his radio to call for help, but the Cadillac is back and the men spray Buford's car with more bullets. Oh my God. Like they come back this time they hit him and they blow off part of his lower left jaw, even more shots hit Pauline. And now there's nothing that can be done to save her. She dies at the scene at the age of 33. Oh, I know. That's so tragic. Yeah. Beaufort still manages to drive away again and he somehow gets on the radio for help. It's his own father who now works a desk job at the county jail who gets the call. Beaufort can't really talk because his jaw has been blown off. But his father recognizes his son's voice and he can make out the word help 45 as in route 45 and state line.


Like he's somehow able to get this information across and maybe if it wasn't his dad, he wouldn't have been able to. You know what I mean? Yeah, That's insane. Yeah, that's horrifying. So when a state trooper and a police chief arrive on the scene, they can't get Buford outta the car. He's desperately needs medical attention, but he refuses to let go of Pauline who's still lying in his lap. They manage to pull Buford out of the car and get him into an ambulance. It starts going to a big hospital in Memphis like a hundred miles away because they're like, his jaw is basically like on his chest and they're like, these injuries can't be treated here. And he makes it to the hospital and survives. I'm sorry, but all I can think of is Steve Buscemi in Fargo.


He, he shot me in a fucking face. Yeah. Yeah. It's just like the most horrifying injury. Yeah. I mean there's, most of them are right. A gunshot injury is a nightmare. Yeah. But getting shot in the face and just like now just power through it until he can get some drugs in you. Yeah. Is awful. Yeah. From his hospital bed, barely able to speak. Beaufort has to plan all the details of his wife's funeral. Oh. He has several blood transfusions and a surgeon has to reconstruct his jaw. So the left side of his face will never look the same. But he does come out looking pretty good, considering he's got like a clear scar and kind of, you know, misaligned jaw. But it doesn't look as you think it would if you get your job loan off, you know?


So the Governor of Tennessee offers a $5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the people who ambushed Bufort and Pauline in today's money, $5,000 in the sixties in Tennessee. A hundred thousand. 47,000. Dang. Yeah. So basically people think that the killers had been out from outta state and were hired assassins. And in the years that follow the men that the FBI believed did it all various mobsters are found dead. Wow. Yeah. Some people believe that Beaufort somehow enacted streak justice in each of these deaths, but there's not much evidence to back that up. And all of the suspects are involved in organized crime, which as we know is a hazardous career.


Very dangerous. Yeah. And what a great thing to exploit in the meantime as you're getting your revenge. Right. So Bufort and his family believed toe head white had ordered the hit toe head himself is killed two years later in 1969. Some people believe Bufort killed him, but there's no evidence to support this about all the vengeance theories. Buford's daughter Donna writes that she has no idea if they're true or not, which I love that she's just not like categorically false. She's just Like, I don't Know. Right. Anything's possible. Anything. Anything. Yeah. So Beauford was well known locally already, but this story about the ambush spreads far and wide and Beauford becomes a nationally known folk hero in 19 70, 60 minutes interviews him.


Hmm. You know, while that interview is airing, a Hollywood producer named Mort Briskin steps out of his bathroom and hears the second half of it. Immediately gets on the phone to his secretary and he's like, find that man. Like we need to make a movie for this guy. This is amazing. Brenda, Bring me that man. I just saw the most amazing interview, Brenda. I know it's Sunday at 2:00 PM but I Don't care. Break up with your boyfriend And get this done. So walking tall, the heavily fictionalized biopic about Buford's life begins production on location in western Tennessee in the early seventies. The whole puer family gets to hang out on set a lot. It's a box office success when it's released in 1973.


So that's Yeah, I was too young. Too young. I was not in the mix in any meaningful way. Do you want me to tell you who stars The Stars are? Yeah. Who he Who please plays him. It's fictionalized. So some of the characters aren't actually like the characters. Is it Hoyt Axton that stars in this? No, Joe Dawn Baker. Joe. Dawn Baker. Yeah. He's play always plays a cop. He plays fucking Buford. Yeah. Yeah. He's 88 years old. Wow. Joe Dawn Baker. Talk about growing up in the seventies, like that guy was around me at all times. Wow. Like a guardian angel, but just on tv. Oh yeah. He's like your grandpa. He was grandpa. Grandpa ish. But stern.


Stern and kind of maybe dangerous. Oh, who knows? He, he was definitely gonna let you know how it was though. I love that lot of speeches outta that guy's mouth about how it is or it's just like, maybe that's why we're all so fucked up. Right. So perfect casting it seems like. So it's a box office success. It catapults Buford to worldwide fame. He will say in interviews at the time that the movie's about 80% accurate though Deanna thinks he's probably inflated that to help promote the movie. Sure. She's Like I. Don't know About that. But guess what, all movies, it's Hollywood. Like it all starts with a Seed and then everyone's like, no, no, totally. This is really how it was. Yeah. So at this point, Beaufort is a bonafide celebrity. He's gifted a brand new Corvette convertible in exchange for doing promotional work for Chevrolet.


She's like, Hey, It's Bert Reynolds was the one that organized that. Right. He gets to go to London to promote the movie. He's invited to a screening at Johnny Cash's house. Yes. Tennessee Republicans try to convince him to run for governor, but he says no. I think Dolly Parton is involved somehow. Absolutely. I mean it's, she was Elvis Presley too. Yeah. It's like he's beloved. Yeah. Those were all the famous people. That's the other thing that makes me think that I'm personally living in a simulation is because it's almost all the same celebrities and almost all the same songs on the radio. Right. Where I'm like, how am I still looking at and talking about Dolly Parton? Yeah. And I've lived this long. Yeah, It's been a long time that we've been talking about her.


Well, she's killing it and has been for so long. But it is weird where it just kind of like, it's surprising that Jo Don Baker's also not still heavily in the mix. Yeah. Because why not? Yeah. So he's at like the height of his career. It's August 20th, 1974. He's 36 years old and still six foot six. It's announced that he's going to play himself in the sequel to Walking Tall. Oh. But he and Joe Don Baker had become friends and so like still he's like, I'm gonna play myself. Don't do it. I know that night at around 9:00 PM he drives to the McNary County fair to meet Deanna and her friend who were both 13 at the time.


They'd walk around the fair till about 11:00 PM and the friend's mom comes to take the girls back to her house for a sleepover. So Buford gets in his Corvette convertible that he had gotten, and he's known to drive pretty fast. He passes Tina's mom on the road back toward where they're, both the families live goes around them a few minutes later as the mom drives down the hill, they can see ahead that a car is swerved off the road and crashed into an embankment. The daughter is behind them. Right. As they get closer, Deanna recognizes her father's, 1974 Corvette. Beaufort is out of the car and lying face down behind it. I think he had, wasn't wearing a seatbelt and flew out of it.


Oh. The front of the car is on fire and Ana, who's 13, carries her six foot six father who must weigh over 200 pounds at least. Right. I mean, easily carries him 50 feet away from the burning car before the ammunition in the car starts exploding. Holy shit. So she just had a full adrenaline rush. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Unfortunately, Beaufort dies on the scene and the cause of death is determined to be a broken neck from being ejected from the convertible. And authorities say that Beaufort had been driving too fast, had a lot of alcohol in his system, didn't have a seatbelt on. But some people, including Dawana, believe that there was either another car involved who ran her father off the road or that Buford's card been tampered with.


Or both. Yeah. And they've kind of never let go of that theory. Tributes, wreaths and flowers come in from celebrities and fans from all over the world. And Beaufort funeral attracts hundreds and hundreds of mourners. There's too many to fit in 300 seat church. And they sit up in the trees to listen to the service amplified outside with speakers. So he was beloved Beaufort. Pusa remains a famous folk hero and his house became a museum about his life that people still visit today. Wow. In 2004. This is your favorite movie, A remake of Walking Tall comes out starring the Rock. Yes. Holy shit. Well, I will tell you that in looking at Joe Don Baker's IMDB page.


Yeah. One of the pictures that comes up and I'm like, that's connected. For some reason I'm like, the Rock wasn't in road homes were they? No. Oh my God. Wait, it's a totally different story. There's no real like connection. It's just Gonna, I'm positive I've seen it. I Bet you have. You see everything. Yeah. I really enjoy film. And then recently the murder of Pauline Ser had been reopened. The case had been reopened. Like people, I think there had been some rumors, I don't know. You know, on the internet there's theories about everything. Sure. That maybe he was involved, but it's like his jaw, like he almost died. He almost died. I don't think you could inflict those wounds on yourself. And he seemed genuinely heartbroken about the death of his wife. Yeah. Like I. I don't buy it. It's almost like on TikTok now, no matter who, if somebody is making a TikTok and it's, I was be making a TikTok, or it'd be like me and Georgia did blah, blah blah, then it would say Georgia hard star at the bottom.


And most of the time it says controversy. And then, so like when you're watching a TikTok, you're like, oh, is there controversy? And you click on it and it doesn't bring you to anything. But that's what people look for. So like they see that and they get Yeah. And they just get stuck on There. Or they just, I think it's just, we have to admit that is the conversation. Right. The internet demands. Yeah. Which is, oh, are you gonna talk about a hero? I'm here to tell you that he is not a hero. Totally. Are you gonna tell me something that happened in the seventies? I'm gonna tell you it wouldn't fly today. Right. And it's like, right. We know, right? Yes. However, The moon landing was definitely fake. Yes or no? Based on What? I'm just kidding. Yes or no. Throwing a, like making a statement that you kind of believe, but then throwing in a yes or no.


Yeah. Like with no conversation. Like I. Don't wanna hear the, maybe just, you have two options. The The moon is empty. Yes or no Empty. So Pauline's case has been reopened just this past February. Her body was exhumed to look for more evidence that could be used to determine who killed her and who attempted to kill Buford. We don't know much about the evidence they're looking for, but we know that the authorities were prompted to reexamine the case because they received a tip. So good. I mean, something's up and hopefully we'll find out more if It's not solved. Keep working. Yeah. Beauford and Pauline are buried together in his hometown of Adamsville, Tennessee. They share a headstone that reads quote, he walked tall end quote.


And that is the story of Sheriff Beauford Pusser. Well now I have to see the 1974 movie. Definitely. 'cause I positive I haven't, but that's incredible. Yeah. It, I don't know. It's just like this folk hero like, and there's songs about him that are written, you know, Johnny Castile songs and Yeah, it's just, yeah. Well and also standing up against like in inset corruption and basically risking your life. I mean, the idea that he was killed when he was 36. Yeah. That is like, And your wife gets Murdered and your wife top of All of that. He did say at one point someone asked him if he had to do it over, would he still choose to be the sheriff after what happened to his wife?


And he said, if I had to do it over again, I wouldn't. When I think of what I lost Pauline, her death. It just wasn't worth it. No, I wouldn't do it over again. No. Just so sad. It's the ultimate sacrifice. Yeah. Is like you. You basically one by one give up your family. Yeah. Horrible. Yeah. Well that's incredible. I didn't know anything about any of that. Me neither. There you go. Good job. Thank you.


Summer has announced itself. Sweater weather has been officially replaced with sweaty Weather and that's why we're breaking out our bombas Made with premium extra long staple cotton Bombas socks are the key to feeling light on your feet All summer long, Bombass breezy dress socks will support your arches on the dance floor all through wedding season. Their Compression socks will help prevent achiness on those long vacation flights and even longer days of sightseeing. And for all you runners, hikers and pickle ballers, Bombas, athletic socks are engineered to wick sweat so you stay blister free and dry in the heat. But Bombas isn't just about socks. They make go-to Summer Essentials, like 100% cotton teas that feel crisp and light. And for every item you buy, Bombas will donate an item to someone who really needs it. In fact, Bombas has donated over a hundred million clothing items to date. All thanks to your purchases. So I was in Michigan on a vacation recently and there was a heat wave and thankfully I had my Bombas on. So sweaty feet did not happen to me. They made my feet comfortable the whole day walking around. And they're so cute too. So like win-win. Are you Ready to get comfy and give back? Head to bombas.com/mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm And use code MFM at checkout. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Do you ever feel overwhelmed by a white hot rage that can only be quieted by buying a sheet cake and then slowly pressing your hand into it while you whisper? I am powerful? Well, if the answer is yes, then you might need therapy. My friend. Therapy is a place to explore your thoughts, feelings, and behave your patterns. You'll also learn coping skills, so you can literally have your cake and eat it too. You're not alone with the cake thing. It can be challenging to find and meet with a therapist that's the right fit for you. But with Talkspace, getting started is easy. Simply sign up for Talkspace and you'll receive a personalized match with a therapist or psychologist. Typically within 48 hours. Talkspace Provides personalized treatment for individuals, couples, the lgbtqia, a plus community, veterans, and teens. If you're nervous about therapy and aren't sure what to expect, Talkspace is a great solution. They're entirely online so you can experience the benefits of therapy without leaving the comfort of your home. Talkspace Has licensed therapists and over 40 specialties including anxiety, depression, relationship issues and more. I remember when I first started therapy, And. I was scared to death to make that first appointment. It felt like the hugest step in the world. It felt like everybody knew. It felt like everyone was watching me. It was all of my problems kind of in one action that I had to take and didn't want to. And if I had the ability to just text a person to just sign up and start that process kind of privately on my phone, God, that would've been so much easier. I can't even tell you. No Excuses. And as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80 To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code S-P-A-C-E eight zero. You'll get $80 off your first month and show support for our show. That's talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You know, there aren't any secrets or shortcuts to success. It's about time spent and lessons learned. And if you're lucky, you'll find mentors who point you in the right direction. With masterclass, you can learn from the best to become your best. Masterclass is the only streaming platform where you'll have access to over 200 experts across 13 categories like entertainment, science, and wellness. For just $10 a month, you'll get an annual membership and unlimited access to every instructor on your phone, computer, or smart tv. The Masterclass platform is so powerful. 88% of members report feeling like the lessons made a positive impact on their lives. I was so impressed the first time I went on the website and saw the kind of instructors that are teaching masterclasses. It's incredible. Mark Jacobs is on there teaching people about how to use imperfection to inspire us to look deeper. Bill Nye is teaching everybody about the red flags of distinguishing reliable information, which is so important these days, like these classes. And the information is true, experts giving people crucial and important information that can really help your life. And right now, our listeners will get an additional 15% off an annual membership@masterclass.com slash mfm. Get 15% off right now at masterclass.com/mfm Masterclass.com/mfm. Goodbye.


Alright, do you wanna take a left turn? I would love Nothing More. Okay, so my story today, actually a bunch of people have suggested this after different stories that we do, we kind of get a wave of suggesting this. And every time I've seen people suggest I wanna write back to 'em and be like, it's on the list. The list is long, but it's on there. And so I don't wanna read this whole email because there's a lot of spoilers in it, but we did get this email from someone just simply with the initial F and the pronouns he him saying, hi, team saving, any and all fun things I could say here at the top for potential future hometown stories. And then in parentheses it says, man trapped in a college dorm wall, babies in a super eight motel, serial high school arsonist.


I don't know, you pick and and then close parentheses, Hey, guess what? We want all of 'em of those of please all we want. The person goes on to explain that they just saw an Oscar nominated short called The Flying Sailor. I won't describe what happens in it as they're spoilers. And then the person said, it said it was based on a true story. So I looked it up and found this incredible article about the situation. And it turns out that in 1917 the Halifax Explosion was the largest manmade explosion ever. And then they give us a link to that and then basically says, I won't do any more reading on it 'cause I'm sure y'all's skimming will be better than mine.


That is a huge mistake and you are highly incorrect. Everyone that works at this company can tell you, me and my email skimming is brought down a lot. Legendary. And then basically F signs it mysteriously F he him. So F thank you for that suggestion. And it's a story I've wanted to do for a long time. It begins in December of 1917, while World War I is raging through Europe and had been for three years. America just joined the fight. But Canada because the world next door. I actually wrote that into the document, the World next door. Remember those commercials? No, it, you're too young. There were, it used, used to be like in between cartoons, there'd be like, come to Canada, beauty shots of like loons flying over a lake and maple trees, whatever.


And then it'd be like the world next door. Oh, Canada, the world next door. That's a good catch. Catch line. Yeah, they, they nailed that catch line. So Canada was still a British dominion in 1917. So they had been in the war since, oh. Britain was in it, which was from the start since 1914. So it turns out one of the most crucial Canadian cities during World War I is Halifax Nova Scotia. You know the province Well, I love it. I won't tell you about Nova Scotia. I don't have to Halifax. It's a port city on Canada's east coast and it has a strong military presence. In 1917, it had a population of around 50,000 people.


And military supplies and humanitarian aid are constantly moving through Halifax on ships that are headed over to Europe. And as these ships begin their crossing of the Atlantic, the Royal Canadian Navy patrols, the coastal waters searching for German u-boats that are out there waiting to attack these vessels. So it's all kind of happening in, and then that's the final point. Halifax is like the final point at this stage of World War I. So on December 6th, 1917, a Norwegian vessel called the Emo IMO is about to leave harbor in Halifax.


It's been dock there for a couple of days. It's headed down to New York to pick up relief supplies for Belgian troops in the eight o'clock hour. The emo makes its way through very narrow straight it. It's this part of Halifax called the Narrows, and basically you're up in the harbor and then you have to go down through the narrows to get out to sea. Got it. And at the time it was a very busy area because there were so many boats going in and out of this Halifax Harbor. So on this day, there's tons of traffic in the narrows and a lot of the ships sailing through there ignore the speed limits. There's lots of protocol about what shipping lanes they can be in and what where they should not be.


And actually the captain of the EMO was trying to make up for lost time. So he's traveling slightly over the harbor speed limit. It's wartime. Yeah. No one's. They're like, Hey, I got, this is important. I gotta go do it. Suddenly the captain realizes there's another vessel headed straight for them in their same shipping lane, and he's basically forced into the wrong shipping lane. The ship is very long, obviously very unwieldy. Now it's in oncoming traffic. Oh dear. So a much shorter French freighter called the Malt Blanc, which is White Mountain in front like the pen at first guess. Yeah, it is actually like the pet.


Oh, same brand. So that ship coming up into the harbor at the appropriate speed. Mm. In the correct lane. Basically. They're now in head on and they're playing a game of chicken. Both captains try to turn really hard. They can't avoid what's coming. The emo crashes into the side of the monk blanc right there in Halifax's Harbor. The collision is bad enough, right? Because the shipping lanes, there's obviously crew on board both ships, but there's a much bigger problem that no one is actually aware of. The Mont Blanc is secretly packed the gills with 3000 tons of explosives.


Why? And this is the beginning of the historic wartime tragedy known as the Halifax Explosion shit. Yes. So the main sources for this story I'm about to tell you are a 2016 Globe and Mail article entitled The Girl Who Lived by a writer named Steven McGillivray. There's a 2014 writeup on NASA's website entitled Kiloton Killer by Writers Terry Wilcott and Tom Whitmeyer. And then a 2017 article in Legion Magazine by Sharon Adams entitled The Halifax Explosion And I Believe Sharon Adams Legion Magazine article is what f what sent us a link to.


And the rest of the sources are in our show notes. Of course, this day begins like any other day, and a woman named Kay McLeod remembers it. Well, even though she was only five years old, her family lived in Halifax's North End neighborhood. And she will later say quote, as young as I was, I can see everything. I can even tell what we were dressed in. I had a little white outfit on a tiny white dress and white stockings. Wow. So she is fully aware. Yeah. And remembers this completely. So at 9:00 AM Kay and her mother Alice, who's three months pregnant, are waving goodbye to Kay's father Thomas. As he's leaving for his job, he's the laundry cart driver.


And then soon after they say goodbye to Kay's, four older siblings who are all leaving the house to go walk to school. It's a short distance. They're all running late. So once everyone leaves, Kate is left to entertain herself as her mom is cooking. It's her sister Mildred's birthday that day. So her mom is trying to get that party ready. Kay goes to play pretend. She wants to pretend she's teaching Sunday school. So she looks for a little hymn book and her Bible so that she can set up her Sunday school. Alice is in the kitchen. She is tending to a huge batch of baked beans. That's what she's cooking for Mildred's birthday, which is the most 1917 birthday plan you've ever heard.


It's like, yeah, guess what? Or Having a fucking shit ton of baked Beans. It's your 13th birthday, isn't it? Yeah. All then of course we're having all the baked beans you could fucking dream of. It's a birthday dinner miracle. So Kay and Alice have no idea that just two miles away in the harbor, the Emo and the Mount Blanc have collided. But at the fire station nearby, they just got that call. The firefighters raced down to the waterway and all they know is that two ships have crashed in the narrows and one the Mon Blanc is on fire. And that fire's getting bigger by the second and the whole thing is floating toward the harbor. Oh no. So they crash, the Mon Blanc catches on fire.


Yeah. And is kind of out of control. Yeah. The crew of the Mon Blanc jump off and into the water and basically swim toward land. Do they All know that about the explosives or no? I believe they do. Okay. But that's a guess. Yeah. But I'm pretty sure they do. Yeah. They probably would've stayed to like put out the fire. Yeah. I think it was so unexpected in such a crazy emergency that they were like, well, we're not gonna stay here to fix it all. Right. Right. The emo after the crash was able to like basically drive away and get away from the area. So essentially these firemen know that they basically, it's just an unmoored ship that has to get stopped before it hits land on fire and you know, creates more tragedy.


The firefighter driving the truck that day is 37-year-old Billy Wells. There's seven other firemen on board as they go down. These eight men are the first responders to this accident. The truck they're on is nicknamed Patricia. Oh. Patricia is a very special truck because it's the first motorized firetruck in Canada equipped with a pump. And the only one in Halifax at the time. The rest of the city's fire trucks are still horse-drawn carts. Wow. Yeah. So when Billy Wells and the other firemen approached the harbor, they're stunned. Billy's quote on it is quote, I'll tell you, it was some blaze, I guess it was going up five or 600 feet in the air.


And just for perspective, 600 feet in the air is roughly the height of the space needle. Oh my God. So this thing is crazy gigantic. Yeah. Such a spectacle that a crowd is gathered to gaw at it from the shore. No. So they are dangerously close considering the secret explosives that are on board that no one knows about. Yeah. And normally ships carrying that type of cargo have to fly red flags. So everyone does know about them. Mm. But the Mont Blanc isn't flying them because they don't wanna make themselves a target for those German U-boats. Right, right. So it's basically a secret floating bomb. And the fire is getting larger by the second. There's a huge amount of pressure that's building up in the cargo hold.


It's ba, it's just basically a lit fuse. But they don't, no one knows. So Billy and his fellow firemen arrive at the harbor, they locate a fire hydrant and Billy reverses the truck to align with the hydrant and the, his colleagues jump off. They start unrolling the fire hose and that's when the explosion takes place. Oh My God. It happens. Yeah. So before Billy can figure out what's going on, he has blasted out of the firetruck and onto the ground. It's 9 0 4 in the morning. I guess that's why it's called the Halifax Explosion and not the Halifax and near explosion. Yeah. Not, I should have guessed that. Not the Wow. That was so close. It happened. It wasn't just the boat's crashing.


And yet I was shocked. Right. Well, and you'll be more shocked when you hear this is what witnesses and survivors reported seeing. Okay. The ship, the M blanc is blown nearly. Now remember, space needle's, 600 feet, it's blown a thousand feet in the air, and then it looks like it disappears because it just explodes in a million pieces. Integrat. Yes. Oh my God. But once it's up there. So like that visual, I'm sure the witnesses were like, no one's gonna believe me, but this is actually what I saw. So it, it just looks like it blew up and vanished. Mm. So journalists, Sharon Adams reports this in her article for Legion Magazine, quote, much of Mont Blanc became shrapnel.


The shank of the anchor weighing more than 1100 pounds flew over two miles. Oh My God. Smaller fragments fell in a deadly iron rain. So the explosion happens a thousand miles in the air. And so the range of what exploded A thousand feet. A Thousand miles. Yep. A thousand feet. I was like, that's crazy. 5,000 life lifeboats on the Titanic. Yeah. These are the, these are the small mistakes that that build the rich tapestry of our careers. Thank you. A thousand feet in the air. Yeah. So it's up and then blown out. Yeah. Crazy.


Not good. So the other ship, the emo got away. I told you that it survives this entire accident and explosion. Wow. And it did survive until 1921 when a drunk captain ran into some rocks off the Falkland Islands and sank it. Jerry, Come on dude. Okay. So this explosion was so massive that according to nasa, the blast has the equivalent force of nearly 3000 tons of TNT. Wow. The blast temperature reaches around 9,000 degrees Fahrenheit. The sun's surface temperature is around 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit. Oh dear. Of course, there's a shockwave that follows that explosion.


The fragmented mal blanc moving at 3,300 miles per second. And this explosion creates the largest mass blinding in Canadian history. With the CBC reporting, shattered glass and flying debris stole sight from more than a thousand residents permanently. Permanently. Oh my God. It's shrapnel flying into your eyes. Oh, that's awful. One in 50 people in Halifax were blinded or suffered serious eye damage. Holy shit. It's the largest explosion ever recorded at the time until the US will drop atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945.


So, so just unimaginable. Yeah. 1600 people die instantaneously. Wow. Sharon Adams reports that people are thrown, quote, like ragdolls against brick and stone walls, fences and trees, or mortally wounded with flying shards of glass, wood, and metal buildings. And houses were blown apart. Whole families were killed as their houses collapsed. One story onto another, people were crushed and battered and slashed on the street in schools and factories, foundries, breweries, rail yards and dock yards. 1600 people immediately is like unfathomable.


I know. It's wild. So two miles away at the McLeod house, 5-year-old Kay is tossed into the air. She lands hard on the ground, she starts crying for her mother. Of course the house around her is suddenly in chaos, plasters falling from the walls, wires are hissing on the floor. And then Kay hears her mother screaming from the kitchen, wherever you are, stay and don't move. So Alice again is pregnant. Yeah. She's pinned under a heavy piece of furniture. So she finally manages to free herself. She's able to crawl through this house. That's just a disaster, and find her 5-year-old.


And Kay would later say, quote, we just sat there and held each other for a long time before we moved because we didn't know what to do. Yeah. Which is, yeah. So back near the harbor firefighter, Billy Wells has been rocketed out of his fire engine. He lands several yards away and just like Kay and Alice, he survived the initial blast, but he has no idea what's going on. And now, as we know and stuff like this happens, a 20 foot tidal wave, wave rises up out of the harbor flipping ships as it goes before the wave hits land, of course, moving with incredible speed, picking up debris and people both dead and alive.


Oh, sweeping them away. Holy shit. So it's almost like it is nuclear bomb style where it goes up and down and then the water is affected. I think about that. Yeah. Yeah. So Billy gets swept up in this tidal wave. It carries him all the way up a nearby hill. And then as the water is sucked back down into the harbor, as we know how tidal waves work, Billy's then pulled all the way back down the hill miraculously he is left basically where he started at the bottom of that hill. God. And he definitely misses near certain death of being sucked back out to sea. Yeah. He's covered and entangled up in telephone wire when he comes to a few moments later, he is still holding the Patricia steering wheel.


Oh. Oh my God. Yeah. So And I, at first when I was trying to imagine this, I was like trying to text Marin where I was like, so he was, he blown outta the truck or not. 'cause you made a really big deal about him getting blown outta the truck. And I'm like, no, no, he's just holding the steering wheel. The steering wheel is not in the truck anymore. So Billy Wells is in rough shape. He will later tell the CBC quote, the force of the explosion had blown off all my clothes as well as the muscles from my right arm. Yes. End quote. So Billy Wells is half naked. He is seriously injured. He has no idea what's going on. The world around him changed, of course, in a heartbeat, chaos.


Moments ago, he was cruising through Halifax. Now he does not recognize the world around him. His seven coworkers are nowhere to be found. And he will later learn that all of those men were killed in that blast. Holy shit. But he doesn't know any of that yet. He doesn't even know what happened. And like every other person in Halifax that morning, he didn't know there was an explosion. And he begins to believe as many people do. And then what becomes the rumor is that Germans bombed Halifax. Right. For the moment, Billy's just in survival mode. He knows his injuries are very severe and that he has to stay focused if he's gonna survive. So he manages to pick himself up off the ground and then starts navigating through the rubble.


He's looking for someone who can treat his wounds. And as he takes in the whores around him, he will later say quote, the sight was awful with people hanging out of windows dead with some of their heads off and some thrown onto the overhead telegraph wires. Oh my God. So just like you would think you went crazy. Yeah. If you saw that, it just like, how is this the world? Like one second later, it's just destruction. Yeah. So back at the McLeod house, Kay and Alice managed to crawl to the front door and push it open. And now they're looking at the street outside. Kay will say, quote, the neighbors all came screaming outta their houses.


We had to stand where we were because if we went outside, we would've died because everything was electrified. Oh, all you saw was people bleeding here, bleeding there, or somebody holding somebody. You know, things that were horrible. You saw that everywhere you looked. Oh my God. Yeah. So as their neighbors gather together and they try to make sense of what happened, that's when the murmurings of a German attack basically grow. And they're afraid more German bombs could drop at any moment. On top of it, the gas supply has been cut for the north end of town where the mcleods live. It's of course to prevent more fires and explosions. But that means across a big part of the city, the lights are out, telephones aren't working.


It's December in Nova Scotia. Oh dear. They live right by the water windchill. So of course people are left to navigate their rec homes in the dark. They're unable to use phones to call for help. They can't confirm to anybody that they're okay if they are basically Alice nk. And everybody else in Halifax who survived is now just desperately trying to find their loved ones. Yeah. Obviously not a simple task. Glass is everywhere. Just buildings are collapsed everywhere. It's dangerous and difficult just to walk down the street. And not only that, but the explosion happened around 9:00 AM during rush hour, so many people had left their homes for the day.


Adults were heading to work, children were heading to school. So there's a lot of, obviously lost life. But then just no one's sitting in their classrooms sitting at work yet. Right. Oh wow. Everyone's on their way. Got. So as the wounded are pulled from the rubble, emergency responders kick into overdrive. Doctors and nurses are tending to gruesome injuries with person after person that come in. It becomes clear. Halifax needs more hands, more medics, more help. And so people pour in from nearby towns and it's all hands on deck at the fire department. Firemen putting out blazes across the city. It's cold outside. There's a historian named Don Snyder who told the CBC in 2017.


All the houses were burning coal and wood as they exploded, furnaces ignited. It was just fire after fire, after fire shut. And fireman Billy Wells is continuing to try to find help for himself. He's half naked, severe injuries to his body, still holding Patricia's steering wheel. Just it's gripped in his hand. Yeah. And that's actually, if I can find that letter again, that's actually the short film that the mysterious F saw. Basically it was like, this is based on a true story. And it was somebody that had been in an explosion and like ended up with like this injury and half their clothes blown off.


Mm. And so they were just basically trying to check it and be like, this was based on true story. And it was based on Billy Wells experience. Wow. In that explosion. Oh my God. So according to the Halifax City News website, quote, the badly hurt wells helped a couple of young children crying in the street before collapsing. Mm. So he firemen ended up right until the end. Yeah. Luckily there were people nearby who could help Billy. He's rushed to the closest hospital, and there are so many injured people there that he isn't seen for days. Holy shit. 'cause basically his injury is like not life threatening comparatively.


Sure. And all the people that are blinded, oh my God. The blinded people. So Billy thinking back on this years later, only feels gratitude. He says, quote, I laid on the floor for two days waiting for a bed. And then without a lick of irony, he adds quote, the doctors and nurses gave me great service. Wow. So he's just like, yeah, it's, yeah. They did what they had to do. They and everyone did. Yeah. So back to Alice McLeod, the pregnant mother who's only got her five-year-old, and all of the rest of her kids are out in the world, as is her husband. The fear must have consumed her. Fortunately though, all of the McLeod children are found safe yet shellshocked.


Holy is the quote. Holy shit. Yes. And the same day, which is, that's amazing. Amazing. And so what happens, and this is Kay's theory about what happened to her brothers and sisters. She thinks they owe their lives to the fact that they were running late for school because at the time of the explosion, they were underneath a large veranda. And it shielded them from the explosion. If they were in the school building, it might have been different because the school building suffered extensive damage. Yeah. Which is kind of just that, like finding the silver lining where like, thank God that whole family survived. Yeah. Later the day, one of the cloud boys, Lloyd finds his father quote, unharmed and holding back two horses attempting to bolt.


Wow. So it just kind of finds him out in the world. I mean, just wild. Yeah. The mcleods have extended family members, of course, aunts and uncles and grandparents that they also need to locate the afternoon of the explosion. Kay. And her sister, the birthday girl, Mildred, are sent to their grandmother's house, which is not far from their home. Fortunately, grandma's safe. But the journey getting there is etched into Kay's memory. Mm. Years later, she'll say quote, we remember seeing all of these people blown up in wagons making for the hospital. And of course a lot of them never got there. Oh, it was terrible. Oh my God. I can't even imagine.


Like having to walk through the chaos. Five years old. Five, It gets worse. Okay. Hours after the explosion, a blizzard rolls into Halifax On. Yeah. And it blankets the city with deep snow hampering, immediate rescue and recovery efforts and putting the remaining survivors at risk. Yeah. Civilian volunteers and military personnel are pouring into a snowy, freezing cold Halifax. While that's happening, Canadian authorities launch an investigation into the disaster. Right off the bat, they're looking at the emo and the Mont Block Cruise and their actions on the morning of December 6th.


Amazingly many crew members from both ships survived. Wow. And the weird thing is, nearly everyone aboard the Mont Blanc jumped ship during the fire and found cover on the shore. They knew, They Knew something bigger was happening. I, I mean that's, that's my guess. Yeah. Based on everything. 'cause someone had to load that ship filled with all the TNT. So they must have known, it would've been insane to not tell the crew. Yeah. So the second there's like any kind of a problem, it's like, we gotta get off this thing. Yeah. Which is great. 'cause that means more survivors. So investigators also find speed limits, lane assignments, flag protocol are not, were not followed the morning of the explosion, not only by the emo and the by the M Blanc, but several other ships in the harbor.


It goes all the way to the Canadian Supreme Court, which eventually just decides both the emo and the M Blanc are equally at fault, but none of the survivors are ever charged with a crime. Ultimately, no one is convicted for any wrongdoing related to this disaster. What about the boat that was going in the wrong, going too fast towards the Emo? I mean, I feel like at the end of the day, what are you going to do? What are you gonna say? Now go to jail. It's like, if you know that your actions caused this insane disaster and tragedy, I Don, they probably were just like, yeah, there's a lot of people at fault. And Right. Nobody was following protocol to begin with.


Right. Yeah. Overall, this event, of course, is devastating. Nearly 2000 people die. Holy Shit. Around 1600 in the initial blast, and then another 400 in the following days dying from their injuries. It's 4% of Halifax's population. Wow. Yeah. 9,000 people are wounded or blinded. 12,000 buildings are leveled in a city of 500,000. Yeah. 12,000 buildings are leveled entire neighborhoods. And their histories and the people that lived in them lost in a flash. Many survivors are displaced from their homes and suddenly destitute.


I just got a flash of Maui. And the people in that fire, the mcleods, are one of those families. They return to a damaged house that has no heat or electricity like many other people. They're forced to leave that home behind and move in with family members. And then they have to rely on emergency relief efforts for food and supplies until they get back on their feet. Seven months after the explosion, Alice McLeod gives birth to a daughter named Pearl. Oh my God. Sadly, a decade after that, she dies at just 45 years old from abdominal cancer. Mm. And Kay is left to help her father raise Pearl later.


Kay, of course gets married, has two children of her own. But she carries the memories of the Halifax Explosion with her. And over the years, she has repeatedly shared her story with Canadian newspapers. Wow. Came Cleod Chapman, which is, we're a married name, passes away in 2017 at 105 years old. Holy shit. And she is the last known living witness to the Halifax. Explosion. Yeah. 105. That's incredible. It's, it's so great. As for Billy Wells, after the blast, he actually ends up spending months in the hospital. Even though his arms have extensive and permanent muscle and tissue damage, he makes a strong recovery.


He'll later become a crossing guard at an intersection not far from the spot where he lost his fellow seven firefighters in the explosion. According to a writeup by the Halifax Fire Historical Society. Quote, he was known and well loved by the many children who made their way to and from school every day. Most never knowing of Billy's incredible story of survival. Oh my God. That's the thing that kind of gets me every time we st tell stories like this, there are people all around us that have stories like this. Yeah. There are people all around us. Yeah. That if you stopped and went, Hey, where'd you get that scar on your arm? Billy Wells would be like, pull the whole thing up and be like, actually, let me tell you a little story of how I not only was in an explosion, but also a tidal wave.


Yeah. And helped some children out. Yeah. And survive. Ugh. Wow. Billy was known to be very modest about this whole experience. He actually said once, quote, it blew all the toes off me. but I wasn't so badly hurt. Only it took a hunk outta my arm. That's all. I guess there wasn't room in hell for me. Oh My God. Billy Wills, that is the attitude we need For real right now. Yes. We've got to pull our collective proverbial injured arms together. Amen. Billy Wells passes away in 1971 when he's in his early nineties. At the time of his death, among his possessions was the steering wheel to the Patricia.


Oh. His old firetruck steering wheel that he held onto. Holy shit. He still had it to the very end. Today in Halifax, there's a street named after Billy Wells. Oh. And a monument honoring all the firefighters who courageously sacrificed their own lives to save others. That day. The Halifax Explosion is now remembered as the largest loss of life for firefighters in Canadian history. Wow. But if there's a bright spot to this story, it comes in the advancements in the fields that were forced to respond to such a huge, traumatic, deadly event. NASA notes that emergency medicine, psychology and psychiatry, ophthalmology, anesthesia, reconstructive surgery, and prosthetics all improved following the Halifax Explosion.


Wow. And as for the city of Halifax itself, Sharon Adams writes, quote, the scars remain to this day in monuments to victims peppering the city and the, sorry, harvest of metal and glass from gardens and construction sites. And that is the story of the 1917 Halifax. Explosion. Oh my God. How have I never heard that? I remember Alejandra and Hannah and Marin pitching this story. And. I was like, it's just, I, I thought I knew what it was. I thought I knew what it was. Or it's like, right. A maritime disaster. Right. Kind of whatever. And they're like, could you just read it so you know what, what you're judging?


And then it just like, oh my God. The ship was blown. The ship Was all the way into the air. And Then Smith Marines, I mean, yeah. Insane. Insane. Great job. Thank you. Unbelievable. Should we find out what, what everyone's even doing right now? Yeah. I think it's really important. Okay. This is where you guys tell us hashtag What are you even doing right now while you listen to our podcast? 'cause we like to know what you do while you listen. Yeah. We always guess we like, we wanna know the facts. Turns out this one's from our Gmail. I'm making breakfast while listening to Georgia and Karen talk about the strategy of knowing when is the right time to eat an avocado. I'm in the middle of my Yes. Yes. Definitely been there thought when I glanced to my fruit bowl and, oh look, I have an avocado.


Oh. And it's perfect. I obviously can't let it go to waste, as Georgia pointed out. So now I'm having avocado toast and because it's one of my specialties, here's my recipe for what I call my loaded avocado toast. You're welcome. Nice Bread, wheat or sourdough ripe avocado. Drizzle of olive oil. Everything but the bagel seasoning. Crumbled feta, diced alada. Olives, fried egg top with a drizzle of sriracha. Whoa. I know. Stay sexy and don't waste your AVOs. Katie Rose. Katie Rose just gave everybody their 30 grams of protein for breakfast. Definitely. That we're all trying to get Some nice fiber going on there.


Some macros. I don't know if that's true. Some good fats. Good Fats. Good job. Katie Rose. This one is the flip of the coin. Okay. This subject line, this is also from Gmail, says what a transgender cowboy is even doing right now. I just got back from trailing 600 Wiley yearling steers in the mountains in Montana where it alternated between hail and sleet and 80 degree sunshine. I'm currently rubbing CBD balm on my knee. I busted when I had to bail from my horse when he tripped in the boggy rocky willows. My boot almost got caught in the stirrup, but I made it home alive to listen to YouTube. Bullshitters also, no one here knows I'm a trans man.


Every month is pride month. xo your favorite cowboy. Oh My. Come on. I didn't know bad asses. Listen to us. Like that's a surprise. I know. You know? Right. A lot of bad asses. Listen To us. Yeah. Are you a badass? What are you even doing right now? I mean, and also that kind of, I don't know. That wasn't just a email of like, what are you doing? Right. That was like a, a very small, almost like we turned our heads and looked into a movie and then turned back a quick Little picture into someone's life. Unreal. So cool. Please let us know what you're even doing right now. Please, if you have a moment, rate review and subscribe. If you could hit that subscribe button, that would really be cool.


Yeah. The way it works on Apple Podcasts is like interacting, saying you like something. Yeah. Giving it a certain amount of stars and even writing a, writing a review. It just gets you out there. Right. And you know, we've been so spoiled for so long, or we never even had to say, we never just anything about it. But it actually is very good for the podcast and it's good for all the other Podcasts. Yeah. So any of those Exactly right. Podcasts you listen to, please give them a subscribe. I actually had the realization when I was listening to a podcast. I looked down And I was like, oh, I can press these five stars. Right. I can do it. It's right here. Even podcasters can rate review and subscribe. We, You don't have to be a cowboy in Montana to review and subscribe, But we appreciate you guys so fucking much.


Thank you so much for listening. Yes. We're so glad you're here with us every week. And you know, have a good one. Yeah, stay strong. Keep it medium. Well, what's your egg order? Keep it over medium. Keep it scrambled. Stay sexy. Don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi.


Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite Murder at gmail.com. Follow The show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite Murder and Twitter at My favorite Murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.