
This is exactly right.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Do you have a point of sale system you can trust? Or is it a real POS? You need Shopify for retail. From accepting payments to managing inventory, Shopify POS has everything you need to sell in person. Go to shopify.com/system, all lowercase to take your retail business to the next level today. That's shopify.com/system.


I'm journalist Becky Milligan, host of The Butterfly King, a World War II murder mystery podcast on exactly right. It's a cruel tale of a doomed royal dynasty when King Boris of Bulgaria dies. Suddenly in 1943, every nation is a suspect. Join me as I unravel 80 years of lies and coverups to get to the truth. Who killed The Butterfly King? Binge all eight episodes of The Butterfly King available now wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello And. welcome. To. My favorite Murder. That is Georgia HeartStart. And that's Karen k Gareth. Now you know our Voices and our names. Apparently you didn't know that either. Well, yeah. The names were the first thing we said, but the voices said the names. Yeah, It's so confusing. I've been sent clips to like approve things. And, I. Don't know who's talking. There's no way it's Disturbing. I was like, who's who? I don't know what's Going on. That makes me feel good. 'cause as someone who hates their voice completely, and as you with like a butter voice, you know, like everyone loves your voice sounds like butter. Like Wait, where are you getting that? And why are you so mad when you're saying it? Those are my two questions for you.


No, you just have a good announcer voice. So the fact that you, so do you think, Well now I, now I know And I'm so flattered. Here's the proof. No one ever knows who's talking. And it happened to me. Yes, yes. It was crazy. I was just like, well, that, that's funny. But who Said that? I can tell who said it. I can completely tell. Maybe it's just that I'm so fucking self-aware that I just know who's saying what. Well, Because you do have to review it in your head several times throughout the rest of your life. Co. Constantly It came out and it's public. Yeah. Which real quick, this is a public podcast. Excuse me. Wait. Yeah. No, there's so many. What? Even to this day, there's so many people to see what Was happening.


It's a little wild. It is wild. Hey guys, don't make me aware of it. Please. Hi. Hey, what If I, what if I do this voice? Elizabeth Holmes. I'm Georgia, this is me. I'm Georgia. I'm Elizabeth Holmes, And that's Elizabeth Holmes. And we're just hanging out talking about the things that interest us. What's going on For me, what's going on is the reality that the world and media is presenting to me Yeah. Is simultaneously frightening and a joke. Yeah. So it's hard to figure out the level of fright that I need to be feeling because I'm like, what? What are you talking about? Yeah. It seems very like something's glitching at the very, at the top of the fucking level.


Something's glitching. I will say this, I really wish I, I don't think I knew the person or followed them because every once in a while I sneak back onto Twitter just to see what the people are saying. Yeah. And what's going on. And somebody said the funniest thing of all right now would be if the Democrats tried to pass the Donald Trump Memorial Gun Safety Act and the Republicans voted against it, We can't do that. Yeah, I get it. That's funny. Just Let's start making some real moves here that say, do we want a democracy and law and order? Is that, is that what we would like to continue here? Because I think we take it for granted. Yeah. And like not even continue it. Well, we're not, we're acknowledging that that everything is fucked.


It's bad. Yeah. It's always bad. Politicians suck a hundred fucking percent. But it's about something more like it's deeper right now. It's Deeper on the level of gay furries hacking the Heritage Foundation and exposing that they are actually funded by China. Right. That's not, I didn't make it up. That's literally what they found in the hack. Yeah. Yeah. So that kind of thing where we're going, oh my God, it's the Handmaid's Tale. Yeah. These people are, and then you're just like, oh, this isn't some sort of, let's reform America for America by America. Yeah. That's not what's happening. No, it's frightening. Hey, speaking of 2016, speaking of 2016, did you guys know that we're now posting our original, like beginning of my favorite Murder episodes with commentary from today?


That's right. It's called Rewind with Karen in Georgia. And we just go over the first, we're just basically starting again and going over how this thing started and how we've gotten to the point we're at now And what we've learned along the way in case updates. So the second episode of that came out yesterday. So you can listen to the first and second episode of Rewind. It's gonna be in your MFM feed. So please make sure you subscribe. And we're gonna just put this out once a week as a bonus episode. Yeah. You know, to Give back and to also say, Hey, look at 2016 was a pretty landmark year in a lot of different ways. Yeah. And here we are eight years later. What have we learned? What Have we learned and where are we going and what are we gonna do about it?


Yeah. Oh Jesus Christ. $10,000 donation to the Go ahead. ACL U. Great. Okay. But here's how I'm gonna turn it around for you right now. Okay. Last week I did the Halifax explosion story. And what I love when this happens, people have written in with their own information about it. So this is from Instagram. Someone named Jackie McDo, M-A-C-D-O-U, just listening to the Halifax explosion episode. My husband's grandfather was in medical school. You know, I'm gonna mispronounce whatever this is at do Housie University or Dozi. When it happened, he was fairly near the end of med school and his class was told, okay, you're all now doctors.


And graduated. Everyone tended to all of the injured. So he went on to become a surgeon, practiced for many years here in Cape Breton Breon. His name was Dr. Raymond Ross. So his end to med school was basically explosion. Congratulations. You're now a doctor. They're Basically like, the day is cut short. Go help these People. You're go be a doctor. Doctors Now. Holy. Go be a doctor. Shit. Which is incredible. Yeah. Thank you Jackie McDo for sending that in. And there's one other one. It just says, this is an MFM email. The subject line is Halifax Explosions extras from a haronian or a haronian. Not sure.


And then in parentheses it says, important. A must read and nice. I promise. That is hilarious. It says, hi, I love you. We love you. The Halifax explosion is a very important story to us. So you'll probably get a few emails about this, but I promise, this is the best and nicest one. Here's the thing. Sometimes when you build up a beginning where you're like promising so much to be nice, it scares me more than if someone just came in and said, you got that wrong. 'cause now this seems like something terrible happened. Okay. Oh, and this person says Hi. I was one of the many people who wrote suggesting this story to you. Just a few extra pieces of info, not corrections, but additions.


I know you will appreciate. Yeah. Okay. Well what was that big fucking beginning for one hero, Vince Coleman. Vince Coleman is the train dispatcher who stayed behind to make sure his warning got through to stop a train coming into the city with 300 people aboard. That's right. There's a heritage moment dedicated to him. An in parentheses, it says, an extremely Canadian piece of media that you can find on YouTube. And it says, his last message was quote, hold up the train ammunition ship of fire in harbor making for Pier six and will explode. Guess this will be my last message. Goodbye boys. Wow.


End quote. I'm absolutely going to watch that heritage moment. Oh my God. Okay. And then it says, the Mik CMA Village of Turtle Grove was completely obliterated and never rebuilt. Kathy Martin of Millbrook First Nation returns to the shores of Turtle Grove every December 6th to call out the names of her ancestors. Fuck their spirits are here. The more we say their names, the better they can rest and know that we haven't forgotten them. So just an entire village of First Nation people were obliterated all at once. Then three Trinidad born Dr. Clement Lare. Nova Scotia's first black doctor was denied privileges in the city's medical facilities because of his race.


So he opened a private hospital after the explosion. He worked day and night to treat the wounded. His private hospital became a dressing station for people who were refused from overcrowded hospitals and didn't have life-threatening injuries. Wow. Amazing. That makes me think of the nick. Yeah. Which is, I mean it's, I wonder if it was slight, that character was slightly based on, Yeah. Dr. Clement Lare. Okay. And then last one is USA connection. Help arrived from all over, including Boston. Every year, Nova Scotia sends a Christmas tree to Boston in Thanks. It's a high honor to have a tree on your property selected.


There's a big ceremony. Whoa. Before It's loaded onto a truck and driven to Boston. There's a committee who selects potential trees and monitors their growth over the years. Love to you all. No name. No name. No name for that whole thing. Oh My God. You deserve a name for that email. I mean, wow. What great. Like Info. Yeah. Great color. So good. Thank you so much. Thank you. No name. Thank you. No name. All Right. Should we get into our network highlights? Let's do it. We have a podcast network. It's called Exactly. Right. Media. Here. Some highlights. So the first and foremost highlight, which we already talked about, is that rewind with Karen in Georgia.


Episode two came out yesterday. In it we are facing our ultimate fears and revisiting the second episode from January 22nd, 2016. Obviously we had commentary. There are great case updates. There's a lot to talk about in all those old episodes. So go and listen and rate and review and subscribe please. And we're gonna put those up every Wednesday as a bonus episode. And it's becoming fun. I think we were both terrified at the beginning of it, but it's now become like fun to reminisce. So that's great. Yeah. I love the case updates. I do too. Also, this is so exciting. I love her so much. Comedian Rachel d Dratch. You know her from SNL. Lots of other things she is on.


I said No gifts this week. Talking to Bridger. That's so fucking exciting. Such a good booking. And then Karen mentioned the book, raw Dog, the Naked Truth About Hot Dogs On last week's episode and this week the book's author Jamie Loftus. What do you know? Hey, she joins Tess Babs and Brandy on Lady to Lady. That is as if we planned it. Obviously. We didn't though. No. No one in our audience would ever think we planned that. No we didn't. A week ahead. No. We need months for planning. Please. And if you need a respite from the real news of the world, Tess Barker, who is from Lady to Lady, is on Bananas this week with Kurt and Scotty And you guys, please stay hydrated. It's so important. If you go to the MFM store, you can grab a Merino or S-S-D-G-M water bottle and carry it with you.


You know? And keep yourself hydrated. It's, it's very important. It's So hot in Burbank that when I went out to my car, because indoors, I need a sweater. 'cause there's a lot of air conditioning, right? This is the way in la I walked out to my car and got my sweater on my car. And then the walk back was so slow. Yeah. Because I was Like. I. Don't And. I. And I just looked like a turtle coming back across that parking lot. Burbank has a, is a special hell during summer. Like it is specifically asphalt. Like brand new, new late asphalt. Yeah. For some reason. So it's always kind of squishy and it always smells. You're always inhaling those fumes of like melting asphalt. Well, and we got the airport, so we got those.


Right. Those fumes too. But it's great. I know it feels like, maybe it's because it's like over the hill, so maybe we're in, well it is. Are we in It's the valley. It's the fucking fucking Valley. Valley. It's the, it's a valley. It is Literally some call it a Basin Valley. I call it a valley. Oh, the valley.


It's summertime. And for cat people, that means one thing. Cats. Honestly, no matter the time of year cat people are just thinking about cats. With pretty litter, you can spend your time thinking about your sweet baby angel and zero Time thinking about their litter box. Pretty Litter is amazing at instantly trapping odors and it's ultra absorbent, lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. Pretty litter can also give you peace of mind. Their crystals will change colors to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infection and kidney issues. And the best part, pretty litter ships free right to your door so you'll never run out. So Right before we left for vacation, I changed out the cat boxes completely. Brand new pretty litter. By the time we got back it was still fresh and it's still going strong. And I Love that. Because of Pretty Litter. 'cause of Pretty Litter because of Pretty Litter. So try pretty litter today. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm and use code MFM to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat Toy. Hey, that's pretty litter.com/mfm And use code MFM to save 20% and get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Code MFM terms And conditions apply Seaside for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Alright, well you're first. I guess I'm first this week. I think so. All right, Then let me tell you a story. And it's a story that takes place in California in the middle of the 19th century, just before California became a state. Do you know what year California became a state? Ooh, I'm gonna say that's gonna be embarrassing. We might have to edit it out if I'm really, really wrong. Okay. Can I go 1824? You're not really, really wrong. We became a state a year after the Gold Rush. So Gold Rush was 1849 essentially. And we became a state in 1850. Okay. I should absolutely know that And Don don't care that I don't, and I'm close enough that I, I almost high school dropout.


I'm proud of that. So yeah, you didn't I'm fine. You did just fine. I'm fine. Well, also, if anybody had ever contextualized it for me that it was like, yeah, this happened, this and the next year this happened. Totally. Which, you know, are connected. Like Right. They don't teach like that though. Whatever. I hate school. Let's Talk about the school system and how much we hate it and how much it didn't work for brains like ours. We Are literally the living proof of how public and private school Yeah. Isn't the, isn't ideal. We'll handle all that later when democracy is restored. Let's Get this worry out of the way first. Yep. And then Karen And I will address the public school system.


And until we do, I'm gonna tell you a story Okay. About the gold rush. Oh really? Okay. It's about the gold rush, which I, which I love. Okay. I know you do. So, 1848, a carpenter named James W. Marshall is building a sawmill up in Sutter's Mill, kind of up above Sacramento. And he strikes gold and he changes California forever. Hmm. So when word gets out that there's gold in them, Mar Hills Gold Fever ensues a mass migration of hopeful prospectors who eventually start getting called the 49 ERs 'cause of the year. Hey. Right. So he, James Marshall discovers it in 1848.


Right. Nine the next year. 49 year when everyone starts coming. Love it. So the 49 ERs start heading west as they pour into California once tiny, rugged towns explode in population basically overnight. Yeah. So for example, And I had no idea about this. And I was born in San Francisco. Yeah. But in 1848, San Francisco's population was around a thousand people. Oh my God. By the end of 1849, a year later, it had jumped to 25,000 people. That's A big Jump and continued rising exponentially after that, obviously. Sure. Countless pioneers from across the country brave the extremely dangerous journey to California dreaming of striking it rich.


Only to of course come up empty handed like some of them do. If you haven't seen Deadwood, it's not take, it doesn't take place. It's not set in California. But I'm positive some of those kind of like, there's a whole gold mining story. I need to get like a heavy, like a medium heavy cold soon so I can really get into Deadwood. 'cause I've never gotten past like the first two episodes. Yes. but I need to be like stuck on a couch. Yes. Because you have to, your ear has to adjust to the talking. Right. And at the beginning Oh Right. The like It's very Lingo. Yeah. And it kind of is like, like it's almost like being at a play. Oh, okay. So if you give it the grace period, yeah, you will.


It pays off so beautifully. I'm sure And I kind of like love that I, it's like Boardwalk Empire. I wish I could start that from the beginning. Yes. And never have seen it again. Yeah. So I kind of saving this deadwood like as that Till you can clear the whole TV room and like Break an ankle. I mean, I don't want to, I'm not dying to, but like, you know Yeah. It'll, that'll do it. Yeah. Because there's so many stories about like, you could, you could be the smartest prospector. Yeah. You could be the strongest prospector, whatever, but you just don't know. It's just a bunch of randos all at the same river trying to get rich. You Just explained podcasting in 2016. You literally just explained how we got where we are right now.


Yeah. Bitch. Hey, there's the fucking gold in them speakers or whatever microphones. That's Right. Okay. So, so obviously, and this is also in Deadwood, but none of that takes place in California. But there are the people who watch the gold rush and then they go, oh, there's a fortune to be made catering to these people who are out sitting at the river all day. See, That's the, that's the smart move, I think. Yes. I don't wanna fucking look for gold. I wanna make fucking corn dogs. For the people looking, You wanna take the gold nuggets out of their hands and give them corn dogs, which they value more than gold. That's right. At the end of those days. That's right. Because they're out in the middle of the hills of Sacramento and they can't get their hands on anything.


Yeah. So obviously a whole cohort of people come in and they set up in all of these tiny mining camps in the middle of nowhere. Yeah. They all immediately have a saloon, a general store, and a boarding house. Sure. So they're providing the 49 ERs with everything they need from shovels to shelter, to food and entertainment. So this story is about two people who did that. And they did it so well that that they struck their own sort of mother load, amassing a ton of wealth rising to the status of legendary San Franciscans. Like many of the kill gars, they were originally known for their rags to riches story of lawlessness, luxury and love.


They will become infamous for the murder that tears them apart. Bay Area journalist Gary Camilla writes that their story is a quote tragic only in San Francisco love story. One involving a beautiful young sex worker, her rakish gambler. Consort, and the largest vigilante movement in US history. Damn. Today I'm gonna tell you the story of the notorious Belco and her high roller husband Charles Belco. Yeah. Yeah. So the main sources that Marin used in the research today were the book. They saw the Elephant Women in the California Gold Rush by Joanne Levy.


Hell yeah. Which I absolutely wanna read A history.com writeup on the California Gold Rush. And several articles by journalist Gary Camilla. He is a well-known journalist from San Francisco. And he's writes a ton about historical San Francisco, but he also has a substack. So if historical San Francisco or really anything like that interests you, go to Gary camia.substack.com and you can read all his writing. And the rest of our sources are in the show notes. So I'll tell you about Corp's early life. First, she's born Bell Ryan, sometime in the 1820s in Baltimore, Maryland. We don't know much about her childhood except that she is said to have been raised in a stable and loving Irish Catholic home.


Hey. Like, You seems unlikely. I'm just saying, do those things. Do those things go together. 1820s, stable, loving, Irish Catholic home. They beat the odds and congratulations. They beat their children is what they, They beat the shit out of everyone that came through the front door and then they went to church together. And then they said the rosary for seven hours. That's Stability in 1920s Irish Catholicism. Yes, that's true. Because there would definitely be a lot of carbs on the table at the end of the day. Sure. And every like, and the everything in the front room would look really nice. Okay. So I guess, yeah, that's stability to the untrained eye. Yeah. You gotta keep your eye peeled for the fakery. Okay.


So there's two versions of how Bell spent her teenage years. The most popular one is that in the eight, in the late 1840s, when she's around 17, she falls for an older man and she gets pregnant out of wedlock. And when she tells the old guy that she's gonna have a baby, he dumps her. Of course we don't know his name. So she doesn't know what to do. She runs away to New Orleans to raise the child alone because the sin of being unmarried and pregnant would bring shame to her and her family. So the embarrassment is the priority there always in that loving, stable, always home. Anyway, she runs away to New Orleans and then tragically when she has the baby, the baby dies shortly after childbirth.


So now she's alone grieving short on cash and trying to stay above water in a brand new city. So to make ends meet, she starts doing sex work. That's the first version. There's a much simpler second version of the story Bell, who is usually described as a beautiful brunette with hazel eyes and a voluptuous figure, quote Tu figure. There was no romance with an older man. She never had a baby that passed away. Instead she gets into sex work because it sounds more exciting and lucrative than anything else available to women at the time. Bet. I mean, can't they both be true? Yeah. Either way.


We know that Bell becomes a very popular sex worker in New Orleans, and then around the time she's 22 years old, she meets and falls in love with a 33-year-old man named, named Charles Cora. They don't get married, but she does take his last name and starts going by Bell Cora. So here's what we know about Charles Cora. He's an immigrant from Genoa Italy. Mm. Who makes his fortune playing a card game called Pharaoh at all the gambling halls along the Mississippi River. Hmm. I am picturing Who you got. Well, it's like Oscar Isaac type. Wow. Yes. Wow. Okay. Wow. So like that guy in a light pink three piece suit Come on.


And a Like pocket watch. Oh, Like a bowl, a bowler hat. Yeah. Those Called a professional card player. A chain wallet On the Mississippi. Oh, not a chain wallet. That's Orange County in the nineties. I'm talking about a chain watch. That's ska. You're talking about a pocket watch. Not, Not ska from back then. I'm talking about he doesn't have like spiky, you know, bleached hair or whatever. No, I think she landed a Hawkeye. Sure. That's what it sounds like to me. And he basically, he makes a living as a Pharaoh card player. Okay. So real quick, I'm just gonna explain the most simplified version of Pharaoh, and it doesn't really matter, but it was as popular at the time as poker. Hmm.


So in Pharaoh, the dealers called the banker. The players are called punters. The punters place bets on certain cards, and then they hope that the banker's winning card matches their bets. So it's, it's simple, basically. Yeah. It's, you know, it's probably a different version of 21. Who knows? Yeah. It's called Pharaoh because there's a picture of an Egyptian Pharaoh printed on some of the earliest decks. It started in France in 18th century France. But it's spelled FARO in the 18 hundreds. It comes across the Atlantic becomes extremely popular in New Orleans. And for very good reason because even though it is a game of chance, the odds of winning at Pharaoh are 50 50.


Ooh. Which are better than most casino games. Yeah. And that's probably why Pharaoh has been almost completely erased. Right. From modern day casinos and gameplay. Right. They don't, they don't like the mods. They're like 50 50. That's fair. Gambling is Charles Cora's full-time profession. Nice. He's very good at it. He makes a collective $85,000 playing this game in one six month period alone. Which in today's, okay, I knew this was, I knew this was coming. Yeah. 85,000 in six months in 18 third, 40, 40 ish Is 315,000, 3.5 million.


Holy shit. He is rich. Real good at it. He is doing good. Damn. Yes. After that winning streak, the Mississippi River casinos ban Charles Cora. Sure they do. And really any place that hosts Pharaoh. So in the late 1840s, bell and Charles moved to the Wild West, writer Joanne Levy notes quote, for men like Charles and women, like Bell News of California's gold discovery conjured a feverish vision of raw wealth waiting to be spent on pleasure and amusement flocks of gamblers and courtesans abandoned New Orleans on the first ships pointed toward the isth.


Miss Do it Right. And it's just so funny to me. We all know how I feel about Sacramento, the good and the bad. But that's where everyone's going. It's just like there Yeah. The, how about Den Shopping center? They're, that's where they're going. But they, but I have that sparrow that everyone Goes, Do you think they had that yet? Did they go to my TGI Fridays? I wonder. So at first, the chorus settle in Sacramento, and from there they move to the smaller mining towns. Gambling's arguably the top form of entertainment for miners. So in almost every town, no matter how small, they all have gambling saloons, even if that quote unquote saloon is just a plank and a table.


Yeah. Which I kind of love. They're like, we work hard all day. Yeah. We're at a party all night and get up and do the same thing. Sure. And there's some movie, do you remember this movie, three Amigos where It's a, it's a, about the Gold miners though, where there was some saloon owner that was smart enough to put, I think this is an old, I think it's like Cat Ballou or one of like an old sixties movie. But the planks on the floor of the saloon are just pieces of wood. Right. So they have, they're not sealed or anything. And so this saloon owner goes under the floor like in the crawlspace every night and collects up all the gold dust and nuggets. Shut the drunk gold miners that're, it's just falling out of their pockets.


Yeah. Love that. Okay. but Don don't know if that's real. I just wanted to talk about a scene from a movie. Okay. So while Bell continues making money as a sex worker, Charles finds new opportunities to play cards. A 49 er him, like he was himself a 49 er named Edward Mulaney. Writes quote, I remember seeing a bet of $10,000 made at poker by Charles Cora. He won his bet, his wife or mistress, I do not know, which was a pretty woman and seemed very much devoted to him as I have seen her with him in the city. $10,000, that $10,000 he won. Okay, I'm gonna do it right this time.


Okay. So what, what was it's gonna be 700,000, 400,000. Damn. It seems lower. Yeah. When I was doing that. Same guess. Yeah. Even guessing game, even though I'm looking straight at the number. So in one of these little mining towns that they go to, it's actually Marysville Charles and Bell opened their own gambling parlor slash brothel. It's called New World. This is an illegal operation through and through under both Mexican law, which was the rule we were all under at the time. 'cause this was Mexico. And then also when California officially becomes a state in 1850. But many of these communities have no justice system set up.


Specifically towns where police force or a court system do exist. They don't really have a lot of sway. Yeah. See the film tombstone, we've all, we know vigilante groups are the ones who take up the slack and actually make sure that the people that they believe should be prosecuted or should be ultimately hung or hanged. Yeah. That's what that is all about. So despite the laws on the books, sex work and gambling specifically are openly tolerated, if not completely celebrated in these mining communities. So the Cora's business model is appreciated as the one stop entertainment shop that it becomes for all the miners.


New World has a bartender slinging drinks, a full range of games, including Pharaoh, poker, dice, and roulette, all at separate tables, not just one little plank. And Charles often serves as the dealer, although Belle will step in for him when necessary. But Bell's main responsibility is enticing passers by into the new world with her charm and her beauty journalist. Chris ends paints a picture of the saloon's interior. He says, the New world was an ornate saloon. An elaborate bar lined an entire wall, and brass mountings accentuated the gleaming countertops, imposing mirrors, clung to all sides of the enormous entryway and paintings of nude women relaxed in beauty, prostrate, loomed over the patrons from the walls above.


Men scrambled for a place at the tables, their gold dust and gold nuggets had been exchanged for the chips they tossed onto. The green felt bets for the lucky cards in their hands. So the new world was extremely lucrative for the CORAs, especially for Bell, who is now a madam running her own brothel. Yeah. So in 1851, a man named Edward Eli crosses pass with the CORAs and writes quote, there's a house here owned by a young woman from New Orleans who has succeeded in bringing this to this retired spot about a dozen girls. And although she has not yet been in the place one year, she must be worth a hundred thousand dollars.


And you know, we don't know if that, that's just an estimation that that one guy said. But do you wanna know how much a hundred thousand dollars would be? Yeah. $4 million. Damn girl. So she's, they've done it. Yeah. They've, they've cracked the code. Yeah. Despite their success, the cores are always looking for new ways to expand their fortune. So in the early 1850s, they leave New World behind and move down to San Francisco where gambling culture has hit a fever pitch. Again, this is journalist Gary Camilla. He writes, quote, once the gold rush began trying to stop gambling would've been like trying to damn Niagara Falls. It wasn't surprising that the 40 49 ERs gambled like crazy.


After all, the entire Gold rush was one big dice toss. Mm. After making the long and arduous journey to California on which there was no guarantee of survival, wagering one's entire stake on a Pharaoh game must have seemed tame. Yeah. I've played Oregon Trail. You know, It's no fucking joke. You've been through this. I've died of dysentery. You know how hard it can be. So by 1850, the San Francisco Chronicle reports that there are quote 1000 gambling establishments like in San Francisco. That's one for every 12 people. Whoa. All Right. So, so the Gold Coast in San Francisco, that was the neighborhood where a bunch of those were, and apparently it was mayhem.


It was constant mayhem and chaos. Yeah. And lawless. And maybe because at the time, San Francisco's almost completely men. Yeah. In 1849, the ratio is somewhere around 10 men for every one woman. Mm. Which in today's 4 million Isn't that weird? It feels like 4 million men. Really tough. The mixture of gold rush related dreams and the crushing of those dreams, along with constant gambling, drinking, and Man, On, Man, Energy make for an incredibly chaotic city. Sure. So 1 49 er named Vicente Perez Rosales writes in a memoir quote, every night someone was wounded, clubbed, or beaten up.


And from each gambling hall, the losers would Sally forth and try to recoup their losses by robbery and assault Shit. End quote. So you have all the like drunken mayhem going on inside and then it all rolls out in the street. So against this high risk backdrop, bell opens yet another brothel on what was then known as Pike Street. It's now Waverly Street in Chinatown. Hers is an extremely high class brothel in both decor and clientele. Describing a party Bell hosted a local newspaper. The Alta reported quote, the lady of the establishment has sent the most polite invitations on the finest and most beautifully embossed note paper to all the principal gentlemen of the city, including collector of the Port Mayor Alderman, judges of the county, and members of the legislature.


A splendid band of music is in attendance a way over the Turkey or Brussels carpet, whirls the politicians with some sparkling beauty. And the judge joins in and enjoys the dance in company with the beautiful but lost beings whom tomorrow he may send to the house of correction. Whoa. Yeah. So it's all the, all the big boys. Yeah. Went there. Yeah. Meanwhile, Charles Cora continues playing poker and Pharaoh in San Francisco and anywhere else the gambling circuit takes him. So almost immediately the cos are a part of the city's upper crust. And it's mostly because of Bell. According to writer, John Besser Bell's brothel becomes quote, the most successful of the more than 100 brothels in town.


Wow. Though plain on the outside its interior was replete with fancy furnishings and even fancier cortisols quote. But San Francisco is actually changing. And the lawlessness that's part and parcel in the day to day of the Wild West is starting to transform into something more formalized. So as the mania of the gold rush comes to an end, the attitude around all the illegal business it brings in is beginning to shift. And by 1854, there's new laws on the books that aim to outlaw sex work and gambling. It doesn't put an end to these activities overnight, but it's clear that openness or like willingness to turn a blind eye Yeah.


Is waning. So all that considered Bell and Charles' biggest troubles begin sometime around the fall of 1855. One evening the couple decides to throw big party to pull in more clientele. But it just so happens to be on the same night of a party being hosted by us Marshall, William Richardson and his wife and his wife is always identified as Mrs. Richardson everywhere. So here's an account written in 1855. It says, quote, Mrs. Richardson and her husband were unhappy with the lack of male attendance at their event. When they learned that their invited guests chose to go to Bell's Place, the Marshall and his wife were furious.


Then on the night of November 15th, 1855, bell and Charles decide they're gonna go to the theater. After sitting down in their premium seats, they start getting recognized by the other audience members. And the audience members start heckling the chorus. Specifically Bell is the target of their jeers of chorus. No surprise there. And worse, the Richardsons are seated directly in front of them. Oh dear. So at first, Mrs. Richardson thinks that everybody in the audience is laughing and yelling at her. Oh God. She tells William to make them stop. But then they realize that they're sitting in front of the sex worker gambler duo who ruined their party.


So in addition to having an ax to grind, the Richardsons are disgusted by Belle and Charles lifestyles and they don't want anything to do with them. Yeah. This absolutely should be the next like the Gilded Age. Yeah. But this is Like. I can picture the characters because this, like they all did have to go along and get along. And then that turn right is so good where it's like, oh, you don't not like me because you think I'm a bad person. Yeah. You don't like me because your husband comes to my establishment and does all kinds of crazy shit. Right. Mrs. Richardson. Yeah. If that's your real name, what if she was born and her parents named her? Mrs. Yeah. Just be like, eyes on the prize baby. So William Richardson asks them to leave the theater and the CORAs say, you can go fuck yourself.


You gotta fuck yourself. Us Marshall, the Richardsons call over a manager and they say to the man, they pull a full Karen, come on. Say Kick these guys outta the theater manager's like no. Yeah. They're paying customers. And I'm also going over there later. So then the Richardsons are furious and they storm out. Sure. Over the next couple days, a very hot headed William Richardson, who also simultaneously has the reputation of being a violent drunk, decides he's gonna track down Charles Cora himself. So he goes, just spends a day looking in saloon after saloon around San Francisco. Dude, I've done that too. Stop in, have a couple, a couple of cocktails.


Yeah. He finally bumps into Charles Cora just randomly on the street. Okay. But then when the two men talk, and this pulls in my Oscar Isaac theory, they talk and patch things up. Yeah. So Charles Cora, this is based on nothing but me interpreting context clues. Yeah. Is slick as Shit. Yeah. Your wants and needs as well. Yep. Yeah. He knows how to tell you what you wanna hear. Yeah. And they're like besties. Cool. So they even go grab a drink together. Great. Right. Let's keep, keep the party going. Love it. That afternoon will end on the corner of Clay and light Dorf Streets with Charles Cora shooting William Richardson dead.


Charles is the shooter. Charles is the shooter. That's not what I expected. He actually claims self-defense. Okay. Basically was like he was gonna shoot me. I had to shoot him. Yeah. No one knows what's true. We don't know what's true. No. But William Richardson's gun is found cocked and loaded. Okay. Next to his body. And He's known as a mean drunk. So like, And he's already a US marshal, so anything could have happened. Yeah. And anything is possible. Yeah, I did. I have no idea. Although I love to guess and then say it as a fact. Sure. There's a good chance Charles claimed that his life was in danger. Yeah. It is true. Either way, Charles k arrested for murder and he goes to trial.


So this once untouchable raconteurs fate is now at risk because of this very specific time in San Francisco history. So according to writer, RK De Armand, quote, shootings and stabbings were common occurrences in the city. And had this murder been committed a few months earlier, Cora might have escaped punishment on the ancient claim of self-defense. But violence had reached such proportions in the city that residents were calling for reorganization of the vigilance committee that had been so effective against the criminal element. In 1851. In that year, vigilantes had executed or banished from the city, many miscreants.


And now five years later, they felt another no-nonsense cleansing was called for. Oh. So that's where vigilantism comes from, is like, that's in the towns where there was nothing set up. The people would just all get together and be like, let's get in a big group and decide how we feel. And then It's like a neighborhood watch. Yeah. But Hardcore. Yeah. So Bell is devastated by her boyfriend's arrest and she does everything she can to help him. She sends fresh linens and home-cooked meals to the jailhouse every single night. And she also identifies the best defense lawyer in San Francisco, a person named Ed Baker. And she pays him in advance of $15,000 to defend Charles.


Wow. Which is worth over, Hold on, hold on. It's over a hundred thousand. 150,000. 600,000. God damnit. I knew that. Over Half a million dollars. Holy Shit. And just in case, bell also attempts to bribe a witness to make sure that he is exonerated. Don't do that. That will eventually come to light. But her investment in such a great lawyer pays off because ultimately she is never charged for that crime. Hmm. Meanwhile, when the trial starts, the jury hangs on every word that Ed Bakker says. He captivates the courtroom with his speeches about the court's relationship, humanizing Charles for the jury.


And he describes their love as quote, not sanctioned by the rights of the church, but a tie which angels might not blush to approve. Oh. End quote. So he's a real, he's a real silver tongue, this guy. So the jury comes back with a hung verdict. So Charles, who is now of course, a pariah, has to go back to jail to await for a retrial. Meanwhile, ed Baker's involvement in the case actually comes back to bite him in the ass. According to Joanne Levy, quote, polite society shunned him afterwards and due to threats on his life, he eventually fled from the city. Damn. Yeah. So San Francisco's committee of vigilance does get back together and they decide that they're gonna handle Charles's retrial.


So according to their rules, a person can be convicted if there's majority consensus among the vigilantes. And, and the committee finds Charles guilty and they order him to be hanged. Bell begs and pleads with anyone who will listen. She offers to pay off whoever she needs to to free Charles. But at this point, her money has no sway. Of course, with the Committee of Vigilance, just before Charles is scheduled to be executed on May 22nd, 1856, he and Bell get married, and hours later around 1:30 PM Charles Cora is hanged.


Holy Shit. Belco becomes a widow at just 29 years old. Oh my God. Yeah. Despite her grief, she goes back to her work as a madam, and she maintains a level of fame in San Francisco for the rest of of her life. Wow. She stays incredibly angry at the Committee of Vigilance. Sure. Or whatever they're called, the people responsible for her husband's death. And according to Gary, Camilla Bell even collaborates with quote, the publisher of an anti vigilante scandal sheet to humiliate the vigilantes who killed her husband. Damn. So she's not letting it rest. Good. She holds onto this resentment until a few years later, the early 1860s when she catches pneumonia and she does not recover.


But before she dies, she sells her brothel. She donates most of her fortune to various social causes, specifically organizations that help educate children. And by doing that, Bel Cora becomes a rare female philanthropist at a time when men were the only one. Yeah. One's doing it. Bell passes away at the age of 35, she's buried in Calvary Cemetery. She prearranged to have Charles Reinter next to her. He was initially buried at the Mission Dolores Cemetery, but Bell was unable to secure a plot beside him because of overcrowding. So she basically has him moved to her. Mm.


Over time the cores graves become neglected and overgrown with grass and weeds. But then in the 1920s, a young female reporter named Pauline Jacobson Yes. Learns about Bell and Charles Cora's story, and she writes a series of articles about them for the San Francisco Bulletin. And around this time, as the property is redeveloped, bodies interred at Calvary Cemetery are moved to coma. Yeah. Which is a city of cemeteries in South San Francisco. And Pauline lobbies to have the CORAs Rein interned at Mission Dolores. So it's his original resting place. And this is, ends up being their final resting spot.


The couple is still buried there to this day. Wow. And that is the story of the notorious Gold Rush era. Super rich mega millionaires Bell and Charles Cora. Oh my God, how tragic Isn't she? Beautiful. Fucking drew that Because it looks Like I drew it. It does Look like you Drew that and and also, here's a drawing of Charles. No, that's not what you, that's not what you described. No. I mean, look, I love it. I love a strong brow, but this doesn't look like Oscar Isaac. It Doesn't. Wow. That's such a heartbreaking tale. I know. I had never heard of that. I love the shape of the story, which is like, Hey, get your bag, make your money.


Yeah. Figure it out. If there's a trend, how can you be the supporter of that trend? Yeah. Because if money's being made, how can you go provide services to the people getting rich off that thing? Again, podcasting. It's so obvious.


Clearly, Georgia, do you ever buy a new item of clothing and think, wow, I'm a fundamentally different person right now? Yes, I do all the time. I love putting on a new top and thinking maybe I like jazz now. Mm. Well, thanks to Quince, you can change your look and your musical preferences without breaking the bank. Quince Is the best place to shop for all your summer events. Their collection of elevated basics is perfect for summer travel. And once your order arrives, you'll have a whole year to return it. Quince has an extensive collection of fashionable summer, looks like their premium European linen dresses, blouses, and shorts from just $30. You could become one of those people who talks about their summer linens. Oh. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. Everything is priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands because Quince works directly with top factories. They cut out the middleman and they pass the savings on to you. I truly kind of go on to the Quince website once a month. Yeah. I would say, because the clothes that they offer are so right up my alley in terms of like quality affordability, which I'll never let go of, where I'm like, who doesn't love a bargain? Yeah. But then also it's more stylish than what I would pursue in real life. Yeah. 'cause I just don't have the energy. But Like I order something from Quince and suddenly it's cut correctly. Yeah. And it's like, it looks really cute. They get all of that work done for me. It's so Classy. So upgrade your closet this summer with Quince right Now. Go to quince.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns on your next order. That's QUIN ce.com/mfm for free shipping and 365 day returns. 365 day returns. Crazy. You can return an item a year later. Bananas Quince.com/m.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Do you have a point of sale system you can trust? Or is it a real POS? You need Shopify for retail from accepting payments to managing inventory, Shopify PS has everything you need to sell in person. Go to shopify.com/system, all lowercase to take your retail business to the next level today. That's shopify.com/system.


All right. Great job. Thank you. So my story actually is old timey also. Oh, It takes place in 1858. What? Here we Are. I feel like Hannah and Alejandra did this on purpose Probably, but mine is in Bradford, England. Where would you rather be? Bradford England or fucking San Francisco during the Gold Rush In that time. Bradford England. Yeah, me too. Yeah. Okay. This story is kind of a, it would be a comedy of errors if it wasn't so tragic because a lot of people and a lot of children die in this story. Oh. It's a story of how a batch of tainted candy in the 1850s left 20 people dead, many of whom were children.


The one silver lining is that it ultimately led to important safety regulations that are still in place today. This is the story of the Bradford Suites poisoning. Oh yeah. So the main source I used in this story is an article by Lauren Potts for BBC News and reporting from the time from the Leads Mercury. Also, there's a podcast called The Alarmist and in it The Alarmist. Yeah, it's great. There's an episode from September, 2021 where Rebecca Delgado Smith, the host interviews one of my favorite authors of nonfiction, Deborah Bloom, who wrote The Poisoner's Handbook. Oh yeah. Fucking incredible.


Amazing. And she's actually been on This Podcast Will, Kill You and Wicked Words. I highly recommend listening to anything and reading anything by Deborah Bloom, and the rest of the sources can be found in the show notes. All right. So we're gonna begin in Bradford, England. And at the moment it's a booming hub for the textile industry. Your favorite industry. It's the We Hours of the morning on Sunday, October 31st, 1858. Halloween is not a thing yet, so don't think about it. Oh, I just won't worry about that. Yeah. Several children in town have become extremely sick overnight. A doctor rushes to the home of a boy named Elijah Wright, who is nine years old. He's been vomiting and convulsing and nearby a 14-year-old boy has the same symptoms by sunrise.


Both boys die. And the doctor originally believes they both had cholera because it had been going around and it displays similar symptoms to what the boys were suffering. Hmm. But then a different doctor named John Henry Bell rushes to the home of two other young boys, Orlando and John Henry Bra. They're only five and three years old. Mm. I know. The boys are already near death when the doctor gets there. And tragically they both die while he is at their house. Oh, so something's happening. The father's also ill, though not nearly as sick as his sons had been. The boy's parents tell the doctor that both children had eaten peppermint candies the night before.


The father had brought home the candy as a special treat from the Bradford Green Market. Another distraught relative of the family. Like while they're there, eat two of those candies like, you know, stress eating Sure. Promptly starts to vomit. Oh. And Dr. Bell is like, something's up. This isn't cholera. Sends the candies to a chemist to be tested. And these specific candies, the Brits call them Humbugs. And they're basically just like little black and white, peppermint Like, I. Don't know, like any kind of peppermint You'd have like a hard candy. Hard candy. Yeah. Like a boiled candy that they call them or boiled sweet. Oh really? Yeah. At the same time, more and more reports are pouring in about people, mostly children becoming violently ill.


And they had all recently consumed peppermint humbugs, and specifically they'd all eaten peppermint humbugs that were purchased at the Green Market the day before Saturday, October 30th. And there's only one person who sells candy at the Saturday Green Market. And his name is William Harker. But most people affectionately refer to him as humbug Billy. Mm. So like picture a farmer's market bustling, there's a candy stall and humbug Billy is like your guy. Yeah. Like everyone knows him. Probably. Yeah. A police detective named William Beeson. Oh, there's a lot of people named William in this story. That's, They love to name people. William in the 18 hundreds.


They really do is a Passion. So Beeson gets to Humbug, Billy's house Sunday evening and finds him in his bed. He's violently ill. The candy cellar. Aw. He had eaten half a candy the night before. Started throwing up and had to hire a horse-drawn carriage to bring him home. So he had tried one of the candies, started getting violently ill. Didn't put it together that it was from the candy and went home. When the detective tells him that many others are sick too. Humbug Billy is immediately frantic. He says that he sold about five pounds of peppermint candies the day before, which is about a thousand of the little candies. Oh. So it's a fuck ton of these candies.


Like it can't be something that everyone hates, like black licorice. It has to be something that everyone loves. It's like such a bummer. The Bradford Police Constable immediately summons the town crier to march through the streets, ringing his bell like straight up old school. Yes. And is like, y'all don't fucking eat these candies. We need that today. Yeah. Town crier for sure. To be like, Hey, a link. Hey, get off the internet. I was Gonna say, it's called the internet, but no, we don't want No, no, no. We want an alternative. We need a real life person To say get, get off the internet as the word spreads. Volunteers join in the cause they run from pub to pub because that's where everyone is warning everyone inside about the bad batch of candy.


The police constable also has a special flyer printed, hung up on every wall in town, and also brought to surrounding towns because a lot of people come from smaller villages on a Saturday to go to the Green grocer, you know, Nightmare. Just like a nightmare of distribution. Yeah. Humbug. Billy tells the police that he doesn't make the candy himself, so he's just the seller. He buys it from a confectioner who's the candy maker named Joseph Neil. So the detective leaves humbug Billy and moves on to find this candy maker is trying to find, obviously the root of this poisoning. When Detective Bernstein gets to Joseph, Neil's house, the candy maker. Joseph says that he made the peppermint humbugs the way he always does.


The recipe includes sugar and peppermint oil. But something that's super normal at the time, because sugar is so expensive and hard to get is you just fucking cut it with some shit. It's like cocaine. It's the same thing. Or like same idea. Yeah. Or like anything we eat today that's cut with stuff to make it cheaper. Right. Because sugar, I guess Debra Bloom in the alarmist episode says that it's like $70 a pound. Oh. And people are not, you know, don't have a lot of money at the time. So Joseph Neal cuts the candies with a filler substance that's called Daft. And Daft is any kind of white powder that confectioners use to replace some of the costly sugar in their products. Joseph typically uses what he calls Tara Alba as his daft, but it's the same thing as Plaster of Paris.


Oh no. Yeah. So you wanna talk all you want, you know, fucking nutritionist about additives. But back then, Man, it wasn't, Wasn't great either. They're like, should we put this on a balloon and try to sculpt a weird animal? Or should we Feed It to children? Oh my God. I've been getting all these like videos about canola oil recently, and it's just like, everything's terrible. Everything's Terrible, everything's Terrible. But it, it is unappealing, obviously, but it's generally harmless, supposedly. And it's a totally acceptable common practice among candy makers, especially now during the industrial Revolution, having to make these big batches. And at the moment it's all completely unregulated as well because it's, the industrial revolution is kind of a new thing and people are used to growing and selling their own stuff.


So the fact that like someone else is making it and you're selling it is kind of rare and it's not regulated yet. Yeah. So the week before Joseph had sent an employee named James Appleton to a druggist to buy 12 pounds of daft. So a druggist is basically a pharmacist. And so the druggist or the pharmacist named Charles Hodgson, he was sick in bed when the confectioner went to buy the fucking plaster of Paris from the chemist. Is it making sense? So the only person in the shop was his young apprentice. A teenage boy happened to be named William as well. Oh, William Goddard.


And so this teenager, William Goddard was just like an untrained kid who was like covering the desk because Charles Hodgson was sick. Yeah. You know, not someone who had any idea what he was doing. So Jams comes to the shop asking for 12 pounds of daft. William doesn't know what that is or where to look for it. He runs over to his boss's bedside, asks him where he kept, keeps the daft Charles, the chemist was like, it's the white powder in the barrel in the room. And the coroner, blah, blah, blah. Explains to him where the daft is. Oh God, Guess what? Rat poison. Well, William goes to the barrel that he thinks his boss is referring to and scoops out 12 pounds of white powder, which he thinks is daft, and which he sells to James.


But it turns out that white powder is arsenic. Oh God. Just A classic fucking arsenic. Just a Straight up poison. Just 12 fucking pounds of arsenic. James then mixes all 12 pounds of what he thinks is daft with 40 pounds of sugar and four pounds of gum to make the peppermint candies. And while he and his employees are making the candies, they actually all begin to feel ill. And the candies come out a strange color, darker than usual. Like there's so many points in this for this to have not happened. Yeah. But people didn't really pay attention. Joseph Neil, the candy cellar, he samples a bit of the candy because he is like, this is the wrong color. He starts to get sick, but he thinks it's, maybe he's seasick or something.


Like he doesn't equate it with the weirdly colored candy. And because the candy's a weird color, he haggles them for a discount. That's as far as it fucking goes. Mm. Yeah. And thinking of like their big investment Yeah. Which is the bought sugar Yeah. That they've already used. Right. It's kind of, they're not thinking worst case scenario. Yeah. They're thinking how do we keep this going? Yeah. Which is, Yeah. And it's kind of one of those things too that we talk about in scams where it's like, we need this now so people don't stop to think about consequences or likely answers Also. And not to, you know, a mistake's a mistake. And that's just the truth where it's clearly no one had any ill intention.


Right, right. But could we keep the arsenic in the hallway? Yeah. Away from the sugar we put like powdered Sugar, you know, like a, a colored post-it note on it. So you know that it's like not, you know what I Mean? What would a Victorian England post-it note be? I Don't know. It'd be like a cloth diaper or something. Could we pin a cloth diaper to it? Dirty diaper you find in the street. And they're just like, just, that's our way of saying please Be careful. Yeah. This is the shit we know. And to hear Deborah Bloom of the Poisoner's handbook talk about arsenic, which is quote, her favorite poisoning is a joy. Mm. I just, it's, she's amazing.


So after hearing this story from the candy maker, detective Bernstein knows it's time to go back to the druggist where he originally went. Joseph Neal decides to go with him, the candy maker's also like, dude, what's going on? Yeah. So he goes too. So when the two men get to the pharmacy, the main druggist, Charles Hodgson is out, but he's not sick anymore. He's just not at the shop at the time. But the teen apprentice William is there. The detective asked William if he's recently sold 12 pounds of Daft and William's like Yeah, totally. And the detective asked if he can see the daft William brings him up to the area, he opens the cask. And Joseph Neil, the candy maker, sticks his finger in the powder. I mean, it's like a detective on Yeah.


And because of experience knows immediately it's not daft. There's no label. But at that point in time, the druggist gets back to the shop and realizes that the white powder is arsenic. So basically the problem was there was two unmarked barrels in two different corners of the attic, each containing white powder. I mean, it's just like We know the problem. Yeah. We know what the problem is. The Problem is absolutely no regulation. Yeah, Exactly. So the chemist who had been given the very first sample of peppermints confirms that they had been tainted with arsenic and matches it to the arsenic from the barrel. And it's found that each candy contains enough arsenic to kill four men. Oh My God. So of course, if an adult eats some of it, they're gonna get sick.


But not as sick as if a child eats even one. I know. It's fucking heartbreaking. Also, just if you're thinking about it, if it's how I'm picturing it, which is like a northern mill milltown. Yeah. Right. Getting a piece of candy is, is a really big deal. Huge. Because sugar's so expensive you don't, like, candy is not, not an everyday thing. Right. Ugh. In the end, 20 people wind up dying from exposure to the poison candies. Many of them are children, some less than a year old. About 200 more people become very sick. It's likely that the real numbers are even higher because some of the candies would've made their way to other towns where people might not have heard what happened.


And because arsenic is this like perfect poison, it doesn't taste like anything. It doesn't smell like anything. It doesn't, you know, change anything. So just people randomly dying. Yeah. And the effects mimic cholera. Some like a natural sickness. Yeah. Bradford's population is about 50,000. So this is felt as a tragedy that touched everyone, everyone's life. Yeah. Like everyone knew someone who got sick or died. Totally. William the apprentice, Charles the druggist, and Joseph the candy maker, are all initially charged with manslaughter. An inquest finds that only Charles the druggist is guilty. But the findings from an inquest also make it clear that what happened was a tragic accident.


And in the end a judge dismisses the charges against Charles as well. Good. So nobody's ever really helped. I mean, good. Yeah. But also like, Duh. Well what does it do? I know. Well, yeah. Okay. So what happens is, No, I'm just saying like, what would sending him to jail do? Right. He didn't intend it. He didn't want it. And, and He didn't do anything against the law. He didn't do anything against the law. And he now has to live the rest of his life knowing children died. Yeah. Probably exactly the opposite of his goal of selling candy in the first place. Not the candy seller. The chemist, the pharmacy guy. Oh, Sorry, sorry, Sorry. He doesn't, but Whoever's found guilty. Yeah. No, it's terrible. It's the last thing anyone would want.


Sure. So that idea of like, well, someone has to pay, it's like they don't though. Yeah. Yeah. That's what an accident is. Yeah. Well actually humbug Billy, the candy cellar, he survives the poisoning that he got, but he's paralyzed for the rest of his life. Oh. Like arsenic is no fucking joke. Yeah. Rules about adulterating foods with other substances. So like daft with sugar won't come on the scene for a long time. But this event leads directly to Parliament passing the pharmacy act of 1868. So like almost 10 years after the poisoning. But still, it was directly related to this poisoning. Right. And this law requires that poisons can only be sold in particular bottles made from colored textured glass.


And that poisons must be labeled. And it also requires sellers to keep a record of the names of the people who buy them. Mm. Like so they can see who's responsible. Right. For that arsenic. And that's awesome. But the US doesn't implement that rule for another like 50 years. So Wow. Why Would we west? And that is the tragic story of the Bradford Sweets poisoning. Wow. The idea, I feel like the stories that we do, I absolutely try to make up really quick in my head what this could possibly be. The idea that it's like a poisoning that was purely accidental. I know. And all the people with hands on that like moved the poison along the process were were innocent of knowing what was happening.


Yeah. Horrifying. But every, they all got sick. The candy makers like needed one person to go, hold up, let's take a look at this. You know? I mean, But was it a time where everyone was always sick? Yeah. Was it that time where like feeling ill was like, too bad. Go back to your factory job. Right. And speaking up on the line is like gonna get you fired immediately. That sucks. I know. Horrible. Yeah. Yeah. Well, very interesting. Right. All right, well should we pick this up at the very end by doing, by finding, Wait one second. You know what we should do? Huh? We have a surprise here. Oh yeah. So this is a piece of mail that just came in that Alejandra brought in for us.


It's a gift from Shelby Nichols art in Arkansas. So you wanna take a look at this? Yeah. Shelby Nichols is at Shelby Nichols Art on Instagram. We haven't had a present or like unboxing in so long. I know this. This is really exciting. 'cause now we have an office for like where things can be sent. Not like a basement or a storage unit. Right, Exactly. Should we both put a hand on this? Let Pull it up. Up. It's a pretty box. It looks like it's gonna be art. Oh, It's a wrapped in brown paper and it has a little mustache on it. Do you wanna unwrap it? No, no. Go ahead. Here, take that side. I don't wanna be the only one unwrapping it Right away.


Remember we said, oh my God. Oh my God. We said we wanted a framed photo of Steven Steven's mustache. And there this is a closeup of Steven's mouth and mustache. This Is a photo realistic painting. Shelby. Incredible art. Shelby. We'll post this on our socials. So like, make sure you check this out. It's Totally Steven's mouth. It's totally You. It's Steven's so exact Like I you. She'll listen to me in the wild And I would know it's him. She'll was very specific with Steven's mustache being a little Sparse. Yep. And trimmed by himself. You can tell. Oh my God. And the smile. He's so funny's smiling in his Steven way.


Oh my God. What a delightful like reminder. Yeah. Also, if you are a talented artist and you want to give us some rendering of Steven's mustache. Yeah. Get in here. You could Have a gallery wall. We could have a Steven Musk Steven's. It'll be just like, what year was that? Like 2011, where all of a sudden mustaches and like, yeah. Remember when everyone got tattoos of a mustache on their finger? Yes. It's like, let's bring it back. Bring it Back. That's fucking delightful. Alright, well send in. If you have an idea for that, send it in. But in the meantime, Shelby Nichols, thank you so much. Great Job. Shelby Nichols. Art. Oh my God. What If unboxing? That was fun. I wanna Do more unboxing.


That Was really fun. Okay, so we asked you guys hashtag what are you even doing right now? So we can find out what you do when you listen to this podcast? 'cause we wanna know We're genuinely interested And you guys had the best, the best answers. I actually need to skip the line and tell you that last night we went to Oia Moza, which is a very fancy restaurant here in Los Angeles. Oh my God. Me and my friend Chase Bernstein, who has a podcast so funny called Composed, which is hilarious. It's literally just her talking. She's so fucking hilarious. She's So funny. Yeah. So we, I hadn't seen her in a long time, so I was like, oh yeah, let's go out to dinner. So I get on Open Table to make Yeah. And I. Totally thought we were going to regular moats at Pizzeria.


Yeah. Oh. And they're like, Oh no, you're, you're up there. And I was like, I'm wearing Flipflops. Like I should not be in this restaurant right now. We had the most delicious dinner. And at one point a waiter came over and was kind of talking to us about the food. And then he goes, I just want you to know that what I'm doing right now is, is usually setting up all these tables. Oh my God. And I was like, oh my God. Oh my God. Oh, I haven't had a, what are you even doing right now? In the Wild? Yet It was to my face. That's Exciting. Was Very sweet and exciting. And Then he was like, but ma'am, we need you to put real shoes on, But ma'am, you're going to have to leave out the back door because who the hell do you think you are? I mean, Helen Muran is sitting right over there. Like, how do you, even Also soon after that conversation, I knocked the candle off of our table across the fucking floor with wax and drama.


No. So only telling that to say, I cannot remember this person's name. Okay. And I'm really sorry. 'cause they were so sweet and nice, but I guess we'll just have to go to Austria Moza and find that out. And then maybe Later that night, they were cleaning up wax while listening to the podcast Off the floor. Someone had to get down there with a butter knife and scrape it off the floor. Okay. Anyway. Yeah. Okay. Go. Mine's from someone named the Real Donda on Instagram and they say, I'm a dog walker in Calgary, Canada. I've currently have six dogs strapped around my waist. Whoa. As I think about which way really is the best way to eat eggs. We had a lot of comments On that. That's the kind of like mental, you know, fodder that we try to give you.


Yeah. Just like these are things you can think about during the day, other than scary stuff. Yeah. What is the best way to eat eggs? Scramble. You guys get me through my many hours of walking these pups in minus 40 degrees Celsius to plus 40 degrees Celsius. It's meaningless to us. I gasped, but that was just polite in. I was being polite. Well, you know, if they're mentioning it, it must be high and low. Yeah. Thank you for all you two ladies do. Is the end of that. Thank you. Thank you. Real Donda. Say hi to those dogs for us. Yes. Six Dogs. This is an email. What am I even doing right now? A Smithsonian exhibition about forensic science. Whoa.


Greetings, murder scholars. I have been with y'all since the early days, and when you stated the, what are you even doing right now, corner. I knew it was finally my time to write in. I am the mount maker at the Smithsonian National Museum of American History. Wow. I have the greatest job in the museum that you've never heard about. Mount making is the process of designing, fabricating, and installing the mounts slash support slash armatures for artifacts. And then it says, this is a fancy word for treasure. Karen. I know what fucking artifacts are. This is, we're off to a bad start. While listening to MFN, I've been making fire and bending brass for the mounts for our latest exhibition, forensic science on trial.


Wow. Oh my God. Those So sorry. They don't buy mounts at the Mount Factory? No. This person actually creates, yeah. Wow. I know it says you guys. I've been trying to keep it together. But this exhibit is made for murder, Enos. It includes historical case studies and displays, objects related to forensic investigations of murder, sexual assault, and kidnapping trials of the century. You covered some of these stories on MFM. The exhibit opened on June 28th, 2024, and closes in June, 2025. Oh, that's good. A full year. Yeah. Please come for a visit to DC We would love to have you at the National Museum of American History. Love you gals. Laura.


Laura, I'm honored to be talking to somebody that works at the Smithsonian. Seriously, like The background check you had to pass to get that job is like epic. Yeah. And then you like, you're just like, you wanna push that up so people can see it on a slant. Yeah. I got you. You know what we need is her to make something for this beautiful Steven portrait that we've got. Oh my God. Yeah. Laura, when you're not busy, because I'm sure you have a lot of free time at the Smithsonian. Sure, sure. There's There's not that much going On. No, no, no. We don't want you to fabricate a frame for Steven's mustache painting. What if Laura does that and then sends us the bill along with it where she's like, no problem. My services would be roughly around $11,000.


Well, The podcast is over. Hey, this episode is over. It is. Thanks for listening you guys. You guys, please figure out your favorite type of eggs. Please look around and go outside and find other humans and engage with humans and make plans in humanity. And don't let the internet scare you. Yeah. Or go to a museum, a history museum, and remember that time isn't linear. It all, it's all circled in around the drain. Oh, no wait. Yeah. Just go to a museum. Go to a museum. And then while you're there, find some women, some like-minded women and start planning.


Yeah. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana sce. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite Murder at gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite Murder and Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.