
This is exactly right.


Listen up. I'm Lisa Traeger. And I'm Kara Klink. And we're the hosts of the True Crime Comedy podcast that's messed up. An, SVU Podcast. Every Tuesday we break down an episode of Law and Order, SVU, the True Crime it's based on, and we chat with an actor from the episode. Over the past few years, we've chatted with series icons like BD Wong, Kelly Gish, Danny Pinot, and guest stars like Pageant Brewster and Matthew Lillard. And just like an SVU Marathon. You can jump in anywhere. Don't miss new episodes every Tuesday. Follow? That's messed up. An, SVU Podcast. wherever you get your podcasters. Done. Done.


Hello And. Welcome. To my favorite murderer. That is Georgia. Hard Start. That's s Karen. Kilgar. We can overlap because we're in the same room. This isn't on video, so we can actually hit our microphones together. We can. It's my passion since the first episode, hitting my microphone with my own hand. You're, you've gotten pro I, mean flawless. Thank you. It's like they had to, to take the microphones, lock them down and be like, you know what? We'll hold it for you. There's never been a person in the history of microphones who's been passed a microphone or sat in front of a microphone and hasn't wanted to adjust it. It doesn't fucking matter. It's true. You're gonna touch it.


You have to. And you think you're touching it to like point it closer to you. Yeah. When you are working with us, you know that that's part of the job is that we're gonna fucking touch everything. Touch It. You're allowed to touch it. That's your right. Yeah. How's it going? Pretty good. How was your, how was your weekend? Good. Do you remember? Yes. I, I'm a little hungover today. Okay. I gotta admit, because I had one of those brunches that turns into, when did it get dark? Oh, Damn. Yeah. Wait, can I just ask, so did you roll out and then straight to another bar? Did you pretend you were gonna do something else? Yeah, It was me and my friend Crystal Lingham, and we met these other lovely gals and had like a nice brunch in the valley.


And then afterwards I was like, should we get, we were both like, should we get one more just Crystal and I and then fucking, and then cut to Me. You fist fighting in a parking lot. No, Cut to me yelling at the Uber driver that I He's not Russian. You're making it up. I know You're fucking Fak. No, I shouldn't even say that. Probably like a year from Orange County. And I can tell You accused, you accused the Uber driver of faking his accident. I did. I did. Well, the odds now, listener, that might sound, sound problematic in some way. You're trying to Put that together. It does. I know it Does. But let me tell you this, after living in Los Angeles for 30 years, that shit happens all the time. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's actors. Sure. Actors abound.


I want, I still need to know, I need to track this guy down and be like, tell me the truth. 'cause he was like cracking up by the end of it. And I could tell he was about to crack and tell me that he was freaking from Huntington Beach or something. Now, do you understand that about yourself? That you, you have reading skills about other people? Mostly from Orange. Only from Orange County. Like, I couldn't tell who was from Orange County. I did my time. I did 18 years and I can't tell it off the fucking Snap Of, A Bat that someone's from Orange County. But you're just gonna keep it in just that column. That's the only I mean that's the only place you, I, I'd like, it's like when you're young and you do this habit and it keeps you safe, and so you continue to do it in adulthood. Me knowing if someone's from Orange County keeps me safe.


That's right. So I continue to do It. That's, and when you learn that someone, when you, your instincts tell you your developed instincts tell you that someone's from Orange County. Yeah. Does that mean you're gonna zip it? Does that mean you're gonna reach toward them? What does that in information give you? I'm gonna, it depends on the person, but I think I'm gonna reach toward them and like jostle some information outta them that I don't know what it is Yet. And so why do you hate Russian people as a Whole? I'm Jewish and I'm Russian. I am, We're Russian. So it's a, it's a self-loathing issue. It's Gotta be I mean. It's complicated. I get it. I get it. But that means when I laid down to take a nap today and there was an earthquake, I was like, please not right now. I was so, I was so like, fuck, I hope this isn't a big one.


Oh, did You feel it? No, I did not. What was the number? Like 4.9. Sorry. My big brag is that my house is built on granite. Oh. I never feel that. Wow. Yeah. Okay. It's one of my many big brats. You talk about that a lot. You know, it's kind of your thing. I know. I'm like me at a cocktail party. It's like, shut Jesus Karen Granite again. No one cares about your geology inspection. The surveyor came out. Everybody. Oh, I yell at the top of my lungs. That's Amazing. All right. Well, my whole house rattles. It's just like, You might be on silt. I'll come take a look. Would you? Yep. Would you, you might be at risk of liquifaction. Shit. Shit. Did you ever hear about that When the ground turns to liquid?


Yeah. During an earthquake. That's like in San Francisco. It does that. Right. And also my old house. Oh, cool. In Burbank. No. They were like, yep, everything's good. And we're ready to go. We have to warn you about this one thing. If there's a big enough earthquake, The Ground under this house turns to liquid and sinkhole Saturday, Then you're, you are in your own sinkhole Saturday story. I'm the star of, of my own making. Ugh. What's happened with you? What did you I did a lot of couch rotting this weekend. Yes. For some reason I'm always like, I have plans, but my plans only ever involve buying like makeup. So I'm like, well, just don't, you don't need to go do that. You're fine. Yeah. You have plenty of whatever you think you need.


Yeah. Yeah. Like you wanna have to try this new one thing. I think so, because I try to start with the plan of I'm gonna go to the farmer's market. Oh yeah. But I That's lovely in Darling. And then suddenly you're in Sephora. Yeah. 'cause I don't, that's not real. Yeah. I'm, that's not an honest plan. No. If I'm gonna be honest, like I can more likely if like a friend was in town. Yeah. Or It's a fantasy. It's a fantasy. It's more like, almost like a date thing of like, let's get down to the flowers. We all have those Saturday fantasies of like, we should do something. Yeah. Go to the, But it is never a good idea. Go to the nursery and get a plant that you're in a pot. In a pot you already have. And then it's like 95 degrees out and traffic everywhere. And you're like, why am I out on a Saturday For real With my clothes sticking to me and, And simultaneously acting like a fraud.


Yeah. Where it's like, no one's buying this, that I'm at the farmer's market. I think you have to do that sometimes though, just to appreciate staying home and not feel guilty about it. Yeah. You know, Every weekend we always, every, I power through it every weekend. But while I was doing that, thank God there's a new series on Netflix. Oh. My. God. Okay. I have a different one. Oh, okay. Mine's on Hulu. It would've been fun if it could have been the same one. I don't know how to pronounce this correctly, which is embarrassing because it's a very old, it's a medieval story. I believe it's called the DeAmon. Okay. But I don't know. My apologies if it's something else. But it's essentially a medieval black comedy, sex comedy.


It's a real story. It's one of the first stories that was written in vernacular Italian instead of Latin. Huh. So like, everybody got to read it instead of just people who could speak Latin. Okay. From long ago. And it's about all these rich people that escape to a villa in the countryside of Italy to get away from the black death. Ooh. Is it a comedy? Yes. Okay. And Oh, I like it. Yes. And so Zosia Mamet. Yeah. Yeah. How did I pronounce it correctly? I think you did. She's in it. She's great. Our friend Tony Hale is in It. Oh, Tony Hale. So good. There's all kinds of people. Okay. So funny. Some British, some American.


It, it's all happening. That sounds perfect. It's so great. The costumes, the setting. It's so satisfying. It's, That sounds good. 'cause you know what I like, feel like I need all, all the time I get like sad that I can't watch Veep again. Yeah. Blank. Yes. You know? So we need another one like that. Anything with Tony Hale. Yeah. Tony Hale is just whatever he is in Truly. At first I was like, who's that guy? And then I was like, oh, it's our Tony Hale with kind of long medieval hair, you Know? You know, I love a good plague storyline. I mean what's better. Okay. Mine is a docuseries on Hulu. Okay. So it's about true crime. We did an ad for it. And this is not an ad.


I genuinely fucking loved it. It's called Mastermind and it's about Dr. Anne Burgess. Yeah. Who is like one of her and Anne Rule. It's like heroes of true crime. Yeah. What a fucking amazing woman. And she's still alive, like in her nineties, doing it like fucking doing research. And she's amazing. Like I, I just, she's, I, I'm in awe of her. She's such a badass. I have to watch that. Somebody asked me if I had seen it and when I said no, they were like, how have you not seen it? Yeah. I was just like, I'm so sorry. I do apologize. It's, Yeah. Okay. It's, I have to watch the, with the TV show that we watched, what was it called? Mind Hunter. Mind Hunter. She's portrayed in that.


Yes. And so it tells her real story, which is just like unreal. Like, this woman is a trailblazer, such an incredible woman. I just can't imagine trying to go into meeting after meeting. There's only, it's a sea of men. Yeah. Trying to explain to people like that rape is a serious crime. They didn't even take rape serious. Like Yeah. In the seventies or so, or the sixties and seventies. And the FBI trying to convince these seasoned agents to take this stuff seriously and like shocking the idea of interviewing the victims to find out more information and to find out what makes these people tick. It's like she's just I mean.


Yeah. So Mastermind Hulu, mastermind on Hulu, you've Gotta watch It. And Dr. Anne Burgess Burgess and like her husband, they're like both in their nineties and they're like still alive. Like I mean, I'm in love with them. I want them to be my grandparents. I just pulled out a pen to write on my phone. What in the fuck is wrong with me? Don't do that. Like, let me grab this over here. You know what, I'm gonna definitely watch that within the week between this episode and next. Okay. And then I will report back to you. Okay. Please. Should we get into the business? Yeah. Hey, we have a podcast network, if you can believe it. It's called Exactly. Right. Media. We're sitting in their offices. Our offices at this very moment.


They're letting us sit in their offices. They are right now. Here's some highlights. Let's Do it. Well, just so you know, there's a new episode of my favorite Murder animated. It's up on YouTube right now. It's youtube.com/ Exactly. Right Media. So it's the Networks YouTube account. It's called Notre Dam. And it comes from an episode 2 79. I know. That's the piece of information everyone's waiting for. Sure. They gotta know where Did this come from? Of course. It's created by our beloved Nick Terry. So good. Please. Don Miss these. So good. Did you see the last one and crack that there's a like blinking, you'll miss it. Like I had to watch it three times to even see this little bit of information.


The fucking Swiss cheese PT makes the quickest, like quickest little Nope. Yep. Everyone check it out and see if you can find this. Easter Eggs. It's Easter egg. It's, I love it. I fucking love those. And then Kara clink, co-host of that's messed up. An SVU Podcast joins Roz on Ghosted by Roz Hernandez. They talk about ghosts and a death sensing cat. Oh yeah, I bet that's a fun convo. Yeah. The Two of them. Well, any convo with both of them is the best. Yes. And then actor in comedian Gil Oi hops in the car with Chris and our own Karen Kilgar. That's him this week on, do You Need a Ride Together? They spend quality time in a drive through ordering milkshakes. Aww. We have the most wholesome experience at the Fosters Freeze.


Ah, in Glendale. Yeah, because I, we didn't realize that was a drive-through. I didn't either. I love Foster Freeze. I know. It was really, it was a delicious, delicious episode. And the hits keep on coming in the MFM Merch store. In addition to the crow's t-shirts that came out last week, you will find there's a new merino hat, a wine glass. There's some cute coozies for your summer beverages. Go take a look at the new Merino line. You might really like it. There's some new fun merch that we are making that, you know, just please keep on top of it. Yeah. We appreciate it. my favorite murder.com. And then yeah.


And then you'll have a cozy also, just so you know, we are now putting out a third episode every week of my favorite Murder. This is the Rewind episodes where Karen and I go back, listen to our beginnings and what could have been our endings. Very, we came very close many times, But yes, happily, they're not. And we just chat about them and we replay the old episodes, listen to them, do case updates. Talk about what our lives were like at the time. I mean, it's pretty fun. So Rewind with Karen and Georgia. Please check those out and make sure you rate, review, subscribe if you can. Yeah. 'cause it's like almost like a whole new show. It is. So your support of course, means the world to us, but also really matters when it comes to like those numbers and stuff.


It does. So thanks for that interaction. 'cause so far it's going great so far. Such nice reviews. Yeah. And such nice interactions about it. So thank you for that. Yes.


Georgia, do you ever sit down to have your morning coffee and then suddenly the sun's going down and your day is over? Oh, My. God. Yes. We all get so busy with work and errands. It can be tough to get everything done. Well with Hungry Root. You can take grocery shopping off your to-Do list. They deliver fresh groceries, delicious recipes, and essential supplements right to your door. It's like having someone else do all the planning and shopping, so you don't even have to think about it. Hungry Root gets to know your personal health goals, dietary restrictions, favorite foods, how much time you wanna spend cooking and more. They build You a personalized cart with all your grocery needs for the week, including easy four ingredient recipes to put those groceries to use. Each order is fully customizable, so you can take their suggestions or choose anything you want. They've got fresh Produce, high quality proteins, healthy snacks, ready to eat meals, vitamins and supplements, and so much More. Everything from Hungry Root follows a simple standard. It's gotta taste good, be quick to make and contain whole trusted ingredients. It's so true that you can get anything from them. I got an array of like groceries. I got like honey, I got some snacks for the week. I got some really healthy like Keefer drinks. And then I also got some Ready-made meals for lunch, and then the ingredients to make dinner as well. Like everything in one box. It was like just so easy and perfect. You're totally set. Right now. Hungry Root is offering my favorite murder listeners, 40% off your first delivery and free veggies for life. Just Go to hungry root.com/mfm to get 40% off your first delivery and get your free veggies. That's Hungry root.com/mfm. Don't forget to use our link so they know we sent you goodbye. Goodbye.


So I think most people understand this, but unlike speaking of rewind, unlike in the early days when you and I would show up with, say, a legal pad, we had jotted down some ideas on top of before we took to our microphones unwittingly informing tens of people incorrectly about true crime. These days we have researchers and our stories are prepped months in advance, which is great. So Nice. It's so nice. We discuss these cases, we go over the stories, we pick 'em. Yep. Everybody's involved. Well, you can tell that this story and the instincts behind it are from a little while ago.


Okay. So this story begins in New York City in the early 18 hundreds. my favorite Sure. I mean the words I'm waiting to hear at all times. That's when, of course, immigrants were flooding through Ellis Island moving into New York City and then out into the rest of America doing whatever they could to stake their claim in the gold rush of the American dream. Mm. What a time to be alive. What a time to be on the Lower East Side in an apartment with 29 other people. Oh, The smell I mean they got through it. So we have told so many of these historic stories that I keep thinking back to. There was one where it was like a mother, it was, they lived in the, like in a tenement.


And remember they used to put like chalk and stuff in the milk so it wouldn't spoil as soon it was like Yeah. Lime and chalk or something. Horrifying. Yeah. Where it's like the things that were happening, yeah. Shit was not Great. It was not great. So at this time, a working class immigrant beat the odds, even though they were heavily stacked against her and would go on to become one of the wealthiest New Yorkers of her day in a matter of years. What's most remarkable about this is she did it and the fight she fought for women's basic reproductive rights. So this is the story of the rise and the downfall of an infamous, interesting and complicated 19th century woman, Madame Relle.


Ooh, I don't know this one. I don't think I had never heard of her before. Okay, cool. So the main source of today's story is Jennifer Wright's book, Madame Relle, the Life, death and Resurrection of Old New York's Most fabulous, fearless and infamous abortionist. Wow. And the rest of the sources are in our show notes. So we started in 1812, which is the year that a woman named Anne Trow is born in a small idyllic town of Painswick England. She grows up in a lower class household when she's 15 years old. She becomes what they called back then a maid of all work, which means that she does things like emptying chamber pots, cleaning rugs, serving food.


She gets a job with a local middle class butcher in his family. So that's what she's doing. But coming into the workforce like this makes Anne suddenly realize that her status as a member of the working class and the hard truth that she's gonna have to deal with as a woman in the working class. Yeah. Like the risk of sexual assault at the hands of her male employers, historian Jennifer Wright notes quote, if well off men could assault household maids with little or no repercussions, and they would. Oh, Absolutely. So all of that kind of chasing the maid around the dinner table. Yeah. Cuteness that happened later on was a very real and consistent threat that there was no justice on the other side of it.


If it happened, it was your problem. If it happened and you got pregnant from it, you all the worst for you. Yeah. The end. So maybe to mitigate that risk, Anne gets married and leaves the workforce one year after joining it. She's 16 years old and she marries a tailor named Henry Summer. Unfortunately, Henry has a serious drinking problem and he barely earns enough for the couple to live on. But Ann is extremely enterprising. So she learns how to sew and mend clothing, and she just starts finishing Henry's work. Wow. Yeah. So she's her own little elf that comes in overnight and finishes the work for her. Yeah. So she basically has to take over his business, but pretty soon she's earned enough money to keep the household afloat.


And by 1830 she has a baby daughter named Caroline that she also has to provide for. So she's still in her late teens, and she decides if she's gonna be the breadwinner for her family, she wants to do it in a place where she can make real money. So she sets her Stites on the United States and all its promises of wealth. So in 1831, the summer family boards a ship to New York City, and like many immigrant families, the summer's land in lower Manhattan in what was known as the Five Points Neighborhood. Mm. So here's what Jennifer Wright has to say about that. She says, quote, the streets where she was living were not exactly paved with gold.


If the streets of five points were paved with anything, it was vomit and horse shit. Ugh. The stench alone was brutal. And the insect problem was notable. Oh, My, God. Can you imagine I mean? Yeah, I know. It's so intense. So if you've ever seen the Scorsese movie, the Gangs of New York So Good, that I believe was taking place in Five Points. Yeah. The Five Points Gang, right? Yeah. So the streets in that neighborhood are crowded, constant gang violence, like constant disease is rampant, and especially among immigrants, job competition is fierce. Most families of the Five Points neighborhoods struggle to keep food on the table.


There's incredible suffering. And it's only compounded when women find that they have unwanted pregnancies and suddenly that family has yet another mouth to feed. So it's a serious issue. Obviously I mean it always has been. Yeah. A serious issue. But of course, especially when people are living in poverty, they can't get out of poverty. Yeah. That problem just compounds itself. And even though Henry is still drinking heavily, he does find work at a tailor shop and continues picking up seamstress jobs. But she does those jobs at home so she can take care of her daughter. They talk about one day saving enough money to escape the neighborhood completely so they can give baby Caroline a brighter future in a nicer part of the city.


But then in August of 1833, just two years after they arrive in the United States, Henry dies with typhoid fever. Oh Shit. So now 21-year-old Ann, 21, 21 years old with a baby suddenly left in the five points neighborhood, basically the worst slum in the city. Yeah. To fend for herself. Yeah. So Ann obviously continues doing her seamstress work. She also tries to find supplemental work doing people's laundry. She's barely scraping by. She knows she needs to find better options for herself and her daughter. And of course, the 1830s aren't exactly a cakewalk for women entering the workforce.


Right. And on top of that, Ann's a single mother. So those employment options complete, almost completely disappear for the poorest New Yorkers like Anne. Childcare almost doesn't exist. Yeah. Mothers are expected to keep their children close to them. But families looking for domestic workers like maids aren't going to hire someone that has their daughter at their house with them. Totally. Jennifer Wright notes quote, A maid with a child would typically find her baby unwanted in the family's home and would have to send her child away to be cared for by baby farmers who would take in children and raise them for a fee. Damn. And Marin notes here for me, as the name might imply, baby farmers were not exactly great caregivers.


They notoriously mistreated young children. There are many reported instances of babies and children being severely neglected or even killed in the care of baby farmers. And needless to say, it wasn't an option any mother wanted to choose. Yeah. Wow. Horrifying. Horrifying. There's another option. And it's getting a job in a textile factory that's also available to women at that time. Brutal hours, would leave Ann with almost no time to care for her daughter. Then the pay she would make wouldn't even cover her own living expenses, let alone her child. So not even worth it. And of course, there's always sex work, which is very lucrative depending on the clientele and the location of the brothel.


And it offers women more control over their schedules and maybe even enough money to actually hire childcare. And that is probably why it was such a crowded field at this time. Yeah. According to the New York Times, in the early 19th century, when the city's population is just 250,000 people, there are 10,000 sex workers. Wow. Yeah. So it's an option. Obviously there's risks like disease, male violence, but of course the risk of pregnancy. Yeah. That then starts us all back to where we began. So Ann is trying to navigate her next steps, and she meets a man named Charles Lowman, described as a quote, easygoing immigrant from Russia.


So you're not gonna like this part, and you're gonna get real fired up About it. Is he though? How do we know? How do we know for sure? Oh, it's actually, is he a chain wallet? He's a chain wall that I'm gonna fucking say no. And you're gonna know for a fact. I'm Gonna know. So he works as a printer for the New York Herald, and soon after they meet, they fall in love. They eventually marry. Charles is very well educated, he's intellectual. He likes to spend time with other, quote, radical philosophers and free thinkers who congregate in downtown bookstores. Cute. It's like the upside of New York at this time. Yeah. Where it's like, there were people who were like, okay, now we gotta change this. Now we gotta be progressive and think Smarter free thinkers.


Smarter. Yeah. Yeah. So Charles is specifically interested in the issue of using birth control to STEM overpopulation, which is a conversation that seems directly inspired by the ultra crowded conditions of neighborhoods like the Five Points. By the time Anne meets Charles, she also cares a lot about this issue. Obviously as a woman, as a woman living in poverty, seeing what she's seeing around her. She's a working class mother. She knows how consequential motherhood can be. And she also can see the huge potential profit in providing prevention from unwanted pregnancies and options for women as they're in that situation.


You gotta find a need and fill it. And also the 30,000 children living on the streets of Manhattan at the time, Oh, My God, 30,000 children living on the streets. 250,000 people living in the city. Yeah. Total. Yeah. Yeah. That's Wild. Yeah. That's how we got the musical, Annie. Yeah. It's, and that I mean, And it ain't like that. And It ain't like that. Oh. At least they lived in an orphanage. Sure. So this is when Anne develops a very consequential friendship with the druggist who lives on her street. He's essentially a snake oil salesman who pedaling tonics that promise all sorts of cures. And before long Anne starts making these supplements herself, the most popular of them are the ones that people buy to end unwanted pregnancies.


Hmm. I don't know, it's an interesting, you know, later she's gonna be vilified for it. Of course. Because the morality gets slapped onto Yeah. What is essentially women's right to make medical choices for themselves. Right. But to be very clear and not to like try to make her a clean and clear hero. Ann's pills and tinctures are extremely dangerous cocktails of things like Penny, Royal Queen Ants Lace and Turpentine. Whoa. Which a journalist named Moira Dunnigan notes our quote, little More than glorified poisons designed to make a woman So Ill Yeah. That she would miscarry. Yeah. So it's not like she's providing, you know, a perfect medicine and Right.


You know, fighting it I mean, but that's how desperate women are is like, they probably know that and they're still like, but this is the only option Entirely. Yeah. It truly is the only option. And that's the next paragraph is essentially, this is the landscape of women's reproductive care in the 18 hundreds. No woman, no matter their marital status, or their social or financial class, has control over whether or not they have a baby. And there's a huge stigma around male doctors who study gynecology and obstetrics. Hmm. And there's no women doctors. Yeah. And it won't be till 1849 when Elizabeth Blackwell, who is the first woman to ever earn an md, actually does that and bursts into the entirely male dominated field.


Wow. I mean, can you imagine The chutzpah, All of this is to say at the time, the medical establishments understanding of women's health is bad at best and totally loaded with misogyny. Yeah. So there is this huge gap in healthcare, and it's filled by midwives, which, and for hundreds of years, they're always women. So as you'd expect male doctors consider midwives to be outside of the realm of like actual medicine. But for hundreds of years, midwives, were the only healthcare providers for pregnant women going through this sometimes traumatic and sometimes deadly process of both pregnancy and childbirth.


Yeah. And midwives also provide abortions as moi. Red donogan points out. By the 1830s, midwives have long performed abortions with the same regularity with which they attended births. Wow. And abortion was not necessarily understood as different from birth control. Oh, I didn't know that. So there is no debate at this time in the United States about abortion. That's all medical care. Hmm. It's not especially moralized or overtly political, but that changes sometime around 1820 when more and more states start to pass laws criminalizing abortion. And some of that is due to fear mongering from white Protestants who claim that Irish immigrants will quote take over the United States.


Hmm. So wait, I don't get the logic there. That's because it doesn't make sense. Yeah. I'm trying to make sense of, because back morality Oh. 'cause in the 18, you know, in the early 18 hundreds Yeah. Irish people were the bad immigrants that people are talking about today when they're like, those people are coming over our border. Yeah. It was just the I That's the great irony Yeah. Of when Irish descendants are racist like that because they literally just fucking got here. Absolutely. And most of us just fucking Got here as an Irish person yourself with a bi Irish background. Right? Yes. Yes. We're All all over the place.


Have you heard of me? I'm, my people are from Ireland, but also very recently. Yeah. Very Recently. Yeah. I mean that makes total sense and silly me trying to like make sense of, Make sense of Judgment being judgmental. Well, And also this idea that I think what they were trying to say is no white Protestant should be getting an abortion when these Irish are coming over here and reproducing like crazy. Right. Right. It's all the same. Like the racism stays the same Yeah. As it's racism. Mad libs. And then it's just different, you know, it's different enemies slotted In Yeah. To match with your, your views, Your hate of the day. Yeah. Your so Ugly.


And to keep the working classes fighting with each other instead of The Revolution. Yeah. So in the, in the late 1820s, New York passes its first state laws criminalizing abortion. These classify an early abortion as a misdemeanor. So back then they used to talk about a thing called the quickening, which is essentially when women could feel the fetus move inside her. And they had decided then that anything that happens before the quickening is a misdemeanor. And after the quickening is a Felony, it sounds like a horror movie. Yes. The quickening. The quickening. I bet you it. It has been what I got. You're right. Okay. So on average, medically, that happens around the fourth or fifth month of pregnancy.


So these laws make abortion punishable by a maximum prison sentence of a year and up to a $100 fine. Which is worth around $1,800. Today's money. So even though if you did get arrested for it, you would pay Yeah. Very severely. That's a lot of money. No one's really reporting anybody breaking these laws to authorities. Okay. And as Jennifer Wright mentions on the history Extra podcast, she says, quote, these laws had more to do with the women's health, that these would be very dangerous procedures after five months into pregnancy. It was more about that than it was about the belief that a fetus has personhood from the time of conception. So this at the time, was actually more protective of the mother.


Okay. And so this is when Anne Lowman makes the decision to start advertising her midwife services in newspapers like the New York Sun. But she doesn't wanna post under her own name. So she creates an alter ego. So her husband, Charles helps her make these ads, and Anne decides to call herself a physician. She claims to be Paris trained. And she says that she's the granddaughter of a world class French midwife whose last name is Relle. So it's true that Anne's grandmother's last name was Relle. Hmm. But we don't know that she was a midwife, unclear. We also know Anne almost certainly did not train in France Yeah.


To become a midwife. But at the time, Paris is known to be the forefront of medicine and obviously very cosmopolitan. So the backstory gives Anne both an allure and a respectability that she doesn't really have. So despite the fact that she has a British accent, Anne adopts the French surname and is now known as Madam Relle. And once she makes this kind of marketing decision, her life will never be the same. Wow. So the first ad for Madam Marcelle runs on March 18th, 1839. And it does not explicitly advertise for abortions or for contraception. You basically have to read between the lines. So this is what the ad says. Okay.


All caps, two married women, period. And then sentence case, is it not? But too well known that the families of the married often increase beyond what the happiness of those who give them birth would dictate. Is it moral for parents to increase their families regardless of consequences to themselves or the wellbeing of their offspring. When a simple, easy, healthy, and certain remedy is within our control, the advertiser feeling the importance of this subject and estimating the vast benefit resulting to thousands by the adoption of means prescribed by her, has opened an office where married females can obtain the desired information. Okay. I hear You. So kind of vague.


Yeah. But Not, not super. You're, I wouldn't be drawn to that ad. Right. Yeah. If you didn't like to married women, you'd be like, that's not me. Moving on. Yeah. Yeah. So it's kind of well put together, I think. But over time, the ad runs on the front page of New York newspapers and Madam Relle gets bolder in her text. So there's a bunch of people, of course, most of the men who think these ads are vulgar and offensive. But Madam Elle is ready to fire back at the detractors in her next new ad. Meanwhile, the ads are undeniably drawing women to Elle's office in Manhattan.


A typical visit, which she offers on a sliding scale, depending how much money the patient has, might go something like this. Madam Marcelle greets her patient at the front door, leads them to a medical room downstairs in a basement where she inspects the patient's body for signs of quickening, basically maybe has a test for fetal movement. If she determines that the patient is in the early stage of pregnancy, she'll prescribe a combination of the herbs. She would reassure the patient that these herbs almost always result in the termination of the pregnancy. But if they don't, the patient can always come back to discuss other options. Now, by other options, she means a surgical abortion.


And Jennifer Wright reports that Relle learned how to perform surgical abortions. And this part is disturbing using a piece of broken whale bone. Yikes. So, sounds unsafe. It sounds risky, but also it, I think it points to, yeah. If you push midwives all the way out of the medical of the medical community completely. That's just the result of people making due. Yeah. It doesn't get safer when you ban. No, it gets more dangerous, obviously. It, that's the whole fucking point. That's the, that's the whole idea. It doesn't solve any problems. It, it just kills women.


She also offers her patients that if they're past that point, they can stay at her boarding house and she'll look after them through childbirth. And for a fee, we'll then adopt their babies out, or send the babies to alms houses. Hmm. Which is like a poor house, which is not good. Not obviously. Actually Marin makes a note saying, alms houses were horrible places for babies to end up. But this was the fate for many babies born to unwed mothers in this era. The New York Times reports that as many as 90% of babies sent to the alms houses died. Holy shit. So it's just prolonging the death of the baby.


Anyway. Yeah. It's important to note, Madam Relle is not the only midwife or abortion provider operating in New York at this time. Obviously, she's undeniably the most sought after because she's the boldest one to actually be that public about it. Yeah. Because medications and surgical procedures for abortion at this time are crude. Many women die while receiving care or in childbirth. Yet, as far as anyone knows, Madam Relle never loses a single patient. Wow. So of all the kind of snake oil salesmanship that she started out in, she's actually providing a real medical service.


Yeah. That is absolutely needed. And is lifesaving. Yeah. She's also building a thriving mail order business where she sells her birth control pills and abortive supplements to women across the country. And these clearly have a solid success rate because a publication called Distillations Magazine reports her business became profitable so quickly that she had to warn patients against fraudulent copycats, placing similar ads. Damn. Yeah. How did this, like 21-year-old widow woman who immigrated just become so business savvy and smart I mean, it's really, Yeah, Because it's pretty amazing.


Well, it's that kind of thing where it's like, imagine all the people born into poverty who were Yeah. Who were brilliant and just Right Opportunities. Yeah. But also, I think there is that, you know, the desperation, I don't think she stopped being a maid within a year conceptually. Right. I don't think. I bet you she learned some hard truths about reality. Yeah. And those, and then she started going, well, if this is the way it is, then I'm not gonna stand on ceremony for what happens at the other end of Right. Unwelcome advances or rape, or just premarital sex that you know, people would wanna take back if they could. Right.


There's no reason to act like there's a bunch of morals beforehand. Right. And that this is the only place where any kind of morality question comes in.


This message is sponsored by Greenlight Georgia. Did you know that after you turned 10, you can no longer be considered a child prodigy? Well, I guess it's never too early to start disappointing your parents. It's True. But more importantly, it's never too early to start learning about financial independence with Green Light. Green Light is a debit card and money app for families. Parents Can automate allowance, manage chores, and keep an eye on their children's spending habits, all while kids learn how to save, invest, and spend wisely. And there's also Greenlight's Infinity Plan, which includes financial literacy education, plus built in safety to give you peace of mind. With Greenlight Infinity, teens can check in without needing to actually check in, thanks to family location sharing. They can also call for help whenever they need it with SOS alerts that connect them to family members 9 1 1, or both, No matter which features make the most sense for your household. Greenlight is the easy, convenient way for parents to raise financially smart kids, and help families navigate life together. This Is so cool. Sign up for Greenlight today and get your first month free when you go to greenlight.com/murder. I'm convinced. And I don't have any kids. I know. I want it for my family. I don't have a family. That's greenlight.com/murder to try Greenlight for free. Greenlight.com/murder. Goodbye.


This podcasters sponsored in part by MIDI Health. You know, there's a lot of great things about getting older. I know myself better. My life has a sense of order and peace. But you know, it also sucks, right? It Sucks so much. Especially symptoms of menopause and perimenopause. So much. Yep. So much. The experts at MIDI Health understand what you're going through and are here to help. MIDI Health is the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. If you've never heard of menopausal care, that might be because 75% of women who seek clinical support don't receive treatment. But MIDI Health is here to provide the support you need and deserve. From FDA approved medications to lifestyle coaching and health guidance, All MIDI Health services are covered by insurance and can be accessed through telehealth visits. And 24 7 direct messaging. Your Body changes in midlife, so your healthcare should change too. You Deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join I d.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


So as her services become popular, Madam Marcelle cannot avoid controversy. Of course. One story that comes out in 1846 is about a woman she boarded from Philadelphia named Mary Applegate, who became pregnant by the son of her employer. The son's name is Augustus Edwards. It's unclear if their relationship is consensual or if the pregnancy is the result of sexual assault. Either way, Augustus is the one paying to have Mary checked into Madam Elle's boarding house, and she ends up having the baby delivering a healthy baby girl. But after she recovers from the birth, Mary then learns.


Augustus also paid relle to adopt the baby out. Okay. So she goes all the way through actually having this baby, and then the baby's gone, like taken from her. Yeah. So Mary's devastated by this news. She desperately tries to find her daughter, but no one, including Madam Marcel, knows where the baby ended up. Wow. So the newspapers hear about this. Yeah. And they go with this story and hoards of angry people show up to Madam Marcel's office in protest the idea that that baby got taken away. And it was just like, don't worry about it. Too bad. Yeah. Is like unconscionable. Yeah. Mary Applegate spends the rest of her life searching for her daughter and never finds her.


Oh, horrible. And no charges are ever brought against anyone in that case, including against Madam Marcelle for giving the child away. Wow. But this entire situation reveals one of Madam Marcelle's biggest I guess character flaws. And a Jennifer Wright is the one who points this out and notes it. She says, Madam Marcelle believed she was smarter than most of the people around her. Mm. Although some who fancy themselves to be intellectually superior are narcissistic. That's not true of everyone who holds this belief. A person may simply be acknowledging reality. And in the case of Elle, a woman who ran an underground birth control empire and performed successful operations time after time without any formal medical school training, it could have very well been true.


Right. However, that sense of superiority defined her treatment of her patients as well, of as of her adversaries. And given that she felt she was smarter, she also felt entitled to make decisions for them just as men in their lives often did. Ooh. Yeah, that's an, that's a really interesting point. Yeah. She's using her own morality at this point to like decide what happens. And just that idea that this would be better. So I've chosen for you. Right. Is wild. So of course what happened to Mary Applegate and her baby makes Madam Marcelle a villain in the mind of many New Yorkers, especially as sexual politics in New York City start to shift.


And the shift happens for a bunch of reasons. Of course, the fear of immigrants taking over the country that we talked about, men becoming more outspoken about. So-called feminine virtue and motherhood, and the simplest reason, which is male doctors basically being infuriated that midwives are cutting into the profits and becoming wealthy and basically replacing OBGYNs. Yeah. So the New York State legislature starts ramping up abortion restrictions, and in the mid 1840s, new laws pass that up. The penalty against abortion providers to a year in jail. And a thousand dollars fine. So much money, you're in debt for the rest of your life.


Right. It's, that's what it is. Completely. And the women seeking abortions can be given a thousand dollars fine. And three to 12 months in jail. What's a thousand dollars? $40,000? Can you That's, yeah. That is debt for the rest of your entire fucking life. Yeah. Especially, and you probably have other children that you need to feed And the debt is probably has interest or somebody is like coming and knocking. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Now again, these laws aren't widely enforced, but as the arguably most famous abortion provider in the United States at the time, Madam Marcelle has a huge target on her back. Now, she's arrested a few times. She always manages to bail herself out and escape the most serious charges 'cause she's now rich.


So she can be cleared of it. But that is up until 1847, when she's 35 years old, she's been providing abortions for just under a decade and contraception, which is equally as you know, problematic for people at the time. Yeah. And then Madam Marcel is convicted on criminal abortion charges, and she's sentenced to a year in prison on Blackwell's Island. Oh wow. Which is where the psychiatric hospital was, where Nelly Bly went in as the intrepid undercover reporter. Yes. That's that whole story. So there was also a prison on Blackwell's Island. Wow. And that's where Madam Relle was sent. It's a sentence she can't get out of, but she does the mafia thing where she basically serves her time in luxury.


She gets special meals, she has frequent visitors. So What are you saying about the mafia? I'm so Sorry. She does it like the very rich that go to white collar prisons. Maybe. So after she's released from serving that she gets right back to work, she's promised to stop performing surgical abortions. But her contraception medicines and her mail order medicine is still a booming business now it's the 1860s. Madam Marcelle is in her early fifties and of course living a completely different life than when she first immigrated to to America. She is amassed a fortune that she Wow. Before could only have dreamt about.


So she moves her family to one of the most expensive parts of New York City, and she does it in her characteristically bold way. She outbids the Archbishop of St. Patrick's Cathedral for the property across the street on Fifth Avenue in midtown Manhattan. Damn. And There she builds herself a mansion where she lives and operates like her office is out of Wow. Straight up Gilded Age mansion. I Feel like by this point, this woman has such an incredible Fuck you, seriously. Fuck you attitude. Yeah. Yeah. You don't get to that place without a bit of a go fuck yourself Attitude. I mean. Right. And also like, if she never lost a patient, that means her care and her attention to detail and her knowing what these women like, went through what they need, what they want was very real and very effective.


I don't know. I just think that that part is interesting. Yeah. And I, there's something there. Yeah. Nobody's being kind of like pushed out the door. Right. And like Left to their own devices, which it seems like was everything else in every other part of society. So the problem is that public opinion on Madam Marcel is souring quickly because she's still ostentatious, she's obsessed with money. And of course she's the absolute antithesis of the ideal Victorian woman, which of course was conjured up by Victorian men. Right. Which is your quiet, proper mothers. You know, the Madonna horror situation, I think is probably starting up around this time and another quote from Distillations Magazine, they point out, quote, Madam Marcelle had become the face of abortion in the United States, and by extension women's interference in the male dominated medical establishment.


Okay. Doctors, journalists and religious activists were vocal about their distaste for her and her business. Yeah. God forbid a woman fucking become successful at something that they're trying to be successful at. Well, and also it's something that is absolutely necessary. Right. It's necessary. And they're not providing any of it. Right. Right. She was blackmailed, threatened, shamed, harassed, and was always one misstep away from facing the unyielding horrors of the law. And so alongside increasingly rigid thoughts on gender roles, in 1869, New York lawmakers repeal the existing abortion laws and pass stricter ones. Oh dear. They ban abortion at any stage of pregnancy.


And then a couple years later, in 1872, New York passes another law that outlines felony charges against both abortion providers and the women who are seeking abortions. Wow. But Madam Marcelle continues her work, despite all of this, knowing the risks, knowing her reputation is getting worse by the minute, knowing like so bad that at this point she is included in quote, several guidebooks to the city. One of which dubbed her the Wickeds woman in New York, Oh My God. So essentially it's like there's all these villains in New York and you can I guess get a tour guide to walk you. It's like star maps of like evil people in New York.


And she was one of 'em. Wow. But Madam Marcelle's, biggest adversary in this era is a man named Anthony Comstock, who is a puritanical Christian man around 30 years. Her junior in the 1860s, Comstock begins his now famous crusade against American sinfulness. Okay. Leave us alone. So Truly, he becomes a kind of a celebrity in the ultra religious circles. And then he begins to gain serious political influence. So by 1873, after he lobbies Congress extensively, the So-called Comstock Act becomes federal law. And it makes it illegal to send anything obscene through the mail, which is as vague as it sounds.


So it's reported that things like anatomy, textbooks, and prints of the birth of Venus are confiscated because of the Comstock Act. Think of the children. But this law, the children love the book This Of the Children. This law also encompasses Madam Marcel's advertisements. Right. And any printed instructions on how to use her medication as well as any of her mail order services, Leave the post office out of this please. Yeah. You know, but that's how they do it. And I believe recently they have tried to reinvoke the Comstock Act for in these abortion bans that have been Yeah. Happening of course. State by state.


Yeah. So Anthony Comstock soon makes it his personal mission to go after Madam Marcelle and her practice in 1878. He goes to an appointment in disguise under the false shut up. Yep. Under the false pretense that he and his wife have more children than they can afford, and now they need to end an unwanted pregnancy. Like just using that cover story and then going through with that just shows, because that cover story is the reality of some people's lives. And to be like, I'm gonna get hurt with this story, instead of being like, oh wow, this is actually a story of people's actual lives that You know what I mean that is sending people into abject poverty.


Right. Of which I'm not sure, I dunno anything about Anthony Comstock, but I bet he and his wife didn't live in the Five Points neighborhood. No. In the tenement. I, they didn't have their sour milk put, have chalk and lime put into it. Right. So that they could just sell it off the back of a truck. Like it's that thing of people who don't know and don't care about the people whose lives they're affecting. Coming in and saying, I demand for my own moral purposes that you do this, That you do what I think is correct and what I think is right. Even though I have no understanding of your circumstances, and I'm not going to try to No. Because whatever it is, it's probably your fault. Yeah, exactly. If you don't have money, you're lazy. Yeah.


If you haven't pulled yourself up by the bootstraps, it's 'cause you've chosen not to. Not because you don't have boots. Right. Right. Not because you've been fined for these arbitrary fucking laws. And you're in debt now because, because you're also in debt. Because you have to go to check cashing places and they charge you so much fucking money that you'll never be able to catch the fuck up For real. But I think first of all, we're most certainly preaching to the converted. Yeah. But I do think it's kind of the refocus of this conversation, which is instead of going in there and lying about being in a, in this position that you don't care about, that people are in, you clearly don't care. Yeah. What do you go look into? Right. What those people who are in that position actually need.


'cause there's huge neighborhoods of them all over this city. Totally. You could help those people in those circumstances. Yeah. So Madam Ell sells him medication to induce an abortion. He goes out, finds a police officer, brings that police officer back and has him arrest Madam Ell. She is handed criminal charges and given a court date, I'm not a little Bitch. When she's made aware of Comstock's charade, she's furious. And she goes to the press telling them, quote, he, in this nasty detective business, there are a number of little doctors who are in the same business behind him. They think if they can get me in trouble and out of the way, they can make a fortune.


Huh. So this arrest deeply affects Madame Relle. Her husband Charles has recently passed away and she's still in mourning. So now she basically, after the arrest, she's completely resigned. Her employees later report that she would be pacing around the house saying things like, quote, why do they persecute me? So I have done nothing to harm anyone. So then on the evening of April 1st, 1878, the day before her trial is set to begin, 66-year-old Madam Relle is found dead in her bathtub with her throat slashed. Holy shit. Her death is quickly ruled a suicide. When Anthony Comstock finds out about Madam Marcelle's death, he thinks it's an April Fool's joke.


And when he's assured that she is actually dead, he tells a reporter that it is quote, a bloody ending to a bloody life. Wow. End quote. So Madam Marcelle leaves her vast fortune to her family. Caroline and Caroline's two children who were Madam Marcelle's, beloved grandchildren, inherit somewhere between $600,001.5 million. Holy Shit. Do you wanna guess how much that is? $1.5 million in eight in the late 18 hundreds is 15 million Between 23 and 60 million. Holy Shit.


Here's what's interesting. Jennifer Wright shares a theory that has been gaining traction since the 1870s after Relle died. That suggests the body found in Madam Marcelle's bathtub wasn't her. That instead basically she could have sourced a lookalike body through her powerful political connections. Yeah. Even like the coroner and Like medical connections. Yeah. And basically placed that there. And then later date later, dazed it stage Drone Death Fled America. I believe it returned to Europe and spent the rest of her life there free from the harassment and the bullshit that dealt with here.


I believe it. And holy Shit, Madam Marcelle's finest jewelry was all missing from her house when they found her, her family members who didn't seem to be outwardly grief stricken over her death, started making trips to Europe every, every three months. Well, wouldn't you if you had fucking 60 million? Absolutely. Like that actually is no proof at all. And as one detective told the Boston Globe quote, how ridiculous it seems for a woman who knew medicine and surgery thoroughly Yeah. To kill herself in such a brutal manner. Yeah. It is hardly in accord with what I've seen of her character. Yeah. She probably knew a T that would just lights out. Correct.


Yeah. Correct. Even Anthony Comstock wondered about the possibility of Madam Elle faking her own death, telling reporters that he feared she pulled quote, some trickery. We May Oh, please. I wanna know. We may never know the truth. Come on, deathbed confession. It's very possible that she also died by suicide. That the mental anguish of her trying to do this and run it as a business. Yeah. And she knew like things were not going to go well from then on. Right. Because in her lifetime they were changing and restricting abortion to a degree that was new to her. So she was probably feeling very negative about the whole situation.


But at the end of the day, she was an outspoken advocate for family planning and very vocal about the impact forced pregnancies had on women's lives. So obviously we're telling this story because abortion access continues to be under attack across the United States with more states passing anti-abortion legislation following the overturning of Roe v. Wade in 2022. Right now, 27 US states limit access to abortions based on how far along a pregnant person is with some bans starting as early as six weeks, which oftentimes people don't even know they're pregnant. Absolutely not. 14 of these states have gone even further and enacted bans on the procedure at any point in a pregnancy Without understanding any nuance of a person's life and what's going on with their health and their body and their mind.


Like They Don't I mean obviously. Why would they, why would they give A fuck? They don't care. They Don't care. They don't care of the true death that their supposed pro-life stance. Right. Is actually making happen. Right. And speaking of the website for the National Institute of Health States that maternal death rates in abortion restriction states are 62% higher than in states with greater abortion access. That's mind-boggling. So, so according to Dr. Suzanne Bell of Johns Hopkins University quote, being denied an abortion comes with substantial health risks, especially for vulnerable groups.


The risk of maternal death is 15 times higher for carrying a pregnancy to term than it is for abortion. And pregnancy related complications are between two and more than 25 times higher for pregnancies ending in birth compared to abortion. So that kind of fantasy that it is so unsafe or it puts women at risk or any of those things as opposed to just being a medical step that might need to be taken. Yeah. At some point is propaganda. Dr. Bell adds quote, I want to emphasize that abortion is healthcare recent state restrictions coupled with ongoing efforts to curtail access to medication. Abortion pills nationwide are an attempt to interfere with the delivery of evidence-based healthcare and control pregnant people's bodies with harmful consequences for individuals and population health.


End quote. And what Dr. Bell said right there sounds very similar to what Madam Marcel was saying way back in the 18 hundreds, two centuries ago. And as Jennifer write notes, quote Anne, who's Madam Marelle, Ann had the strange fortune to live during a period of great change regarding sexual attitudes in modern times were sometimes guilty of assuming that one sexual ideology dominated a previous century. Thinking everyone from the 19th century was prudish, for instance, or else we theorize that all of history is one long uninterrupted upward trajectory from utmost prudery to utter hedonism in truth dominant attitudes regarding sex shift decade to Decade.


Yeah. So the fact that that is true can give us a little bit of hope because it's an election year because there are many people, especially many women who are mobilized to swing this pendulum away from the current extremist positions that have erupted in this country. And many people understand how important it's to protect the right to have bodily autonomy and safety and medical privacy. Like this is standard shit. This is, this is healthcare, this is what the men get. Yeah. We should get it to, yeah.


It's also very important to note that those 19th century abortion laws that I was talking about for New York State we're rolled back today. Abortion is not only legal there, but it is a protected right in the state of New York. And that was the story of Madam Marcelle, maybe the most famous abortion provider in abortion advocate in American history. How have we never heard of her? Because it's about abortion. Right, right. And and Taboo. Yeah. That's incredible. 10 grand a planned parenthood. for sure. for sure. Right. Yep. I feel like everyone, like I'm thinking about my relationship to Planned Parenthood since I was 14 and got lucky enough to have a mom who understood that I needed to be on the pill.


And so I never Well, it's Services that, that you didn't even have to think about. Yeah. At that time. Thank God I didn't. I didn't either. None of my friends did. It was our medical. Right. Yeah. It was a given that if you needed it and you had, you know, a family that was our mother that was open-minded and, but that's, so many people don't have access to that. And I think part of the reason I don't want kids, like one of the many reasons is I don't wanna become, I don't want my body to become this conversation that other people get to have about it. Yeah. You know, the autonomy that I have, I have some bad news what it's happening right now. It's just your body is everybody's body. Right. Right. And that is kind of the offense.


I think that is what's so infuriating. Yeah. Is if this was about a function of men's bodies Right. It would be disgusting that anyone would be suggesting it. But there are all these weird people, as we've begun to discuss that want in on your doctor's appointment, on your children's doctor's appointments. They want in on all these areas they do not belong in. They don't belong there. They are not qualified to be there. Their opinions are not relevant in those rooms and it shouldn't be happening. And it's Based on their personal beliefs, which we, we are not trying to take away from. They can have theirs. Yeah. We have ours. Yeah. Yours does not get to determine our education, our bodies, our healthcare, our lives.


I mean, how is that not so fucking clear? The Thing that I love about the church is Satan, and I know that's gonna sound little Outta Outta left field. We've talked about them. We've their whole thing Yeah. Is they're basically saying, oh, okay, well if the Protestants get to make this decision right then so does the church of Satan. And when you say it that way totally. You go, what? What are you crazy? Yeah. Because it puts into context what we're actually talking about here. Yeah. Which is no church of any kind should be involved in when I go to see the doctor and need to talk to them about something. Totally. Totally. I love shouting into your face about a thing that we agree on and everyone else agrees on All of us. But you know what I, I do feel a little glimmer last week.


I said I didn't yet, but I do feel a little glimmer of hope starting to happen. You should. I do so Because if nothing else, it's separate from, and I think people are really getting this, like anything could happen going forward and we know something's going to happen that's going to, that's gonna be news that breaks, that tells us that this is not a perfect person. Yeah. That this is not sure. This is not the best candidate that you could ever imagine in your life. Right. Of course there's gonna be political things, there's gonna be personal things, it's going to happen. But the glimmer of hope is feeling the feeling that all the other women and a lot of men feel in this country where they go, we're not being taken over by by right wing fascists.


Totally. There's all kinds of people who are willing to give their money, their time, their brains, their care to make sure it doesn't happen. 'cause we don't want it and it isn't the majority. Yeah. Hell yeah. Alright, well then you know what Enough said? Yeah. We've said it. It's how people feel. So should we actually close this episode out on that note? Yes. And I'll do my story next week. Yes, We're done. We, we, that's a whole episode. We did it. We did that. And if you don't have the money right now, you can also find out how to volunteer to be an escort for people who are going into a clinic. There's lots of other ways to support and give your energy to such a worthy cause.


Those abortion clinic escorts are some of the bravest, most generous and kind of like those people are. They're dedicating their time in a way that really is important. That kind of like you are not alone. Right. And also we're gonna fight for you. Yeah. That is such an incredible donation. If you don't have money and you do have time, consider doing that. Because I think it really makes a difference in people's lives. It's like they're doing, some would say the Lord's work, except we wouldn't say that because it's not fucking relevant. I'm had a can of wine on a hangover.


That was an incredible story that like I did not know that. What a wild ride. Good job. So true. Thank you. Marin McGlashan, my researcher who wrote that up for me and Alejandra and Hannah, who also were in the discussion of doing this story and how we start telling these stories that are very important to be talking about, to know the history of and to be bringing it like the history of that where it's like they've been messing with these laws for a while and it is an in an answer to culture. Yeah. So let's codify so that isn't what people get to mess around with Anymore. Totally. Totally. All right. Well, great job.


Thank you guys for listening, for being here with us. We appreciate you And stay sexy And don't get murdered. Good. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns To my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite murder and Twitter at my favorite murder.


Goodbye.