
This Is exactly


right. How do you make a vacation last? How do you hold on to the joy, the clarity, the calm, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white, sandy beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll meet locals brimming with gratitude for an island that redefines what a paradise can be. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


Feel your max with Brooks running and the all new Ghost Max two. They're the shoes you deserve. Designed to streamline your stride and help protect your body. Treat yourself to feel good Landings on an ultra high stack of super comfy nitrogen infused cushion that takes the edge off every step, every day. The Brooks Ghost Max too. You know, technically they're a form of self-care. Brooks, let's run there, ed to brooks running.com to learn more.


Hello And, welcome. To. my favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard Start. That's Gary Gil, Gareth. And we're just like professional newscasters, where we're just right on. Yeah. No gaps. No, no talking over Each other. No, no interrupting. Are we morning newscasters or are we like 60 minutes serious Newscasters? Oh, no, no. We have to be morning. Big coffee cup. Kind of slightly sexy in a way that's slightly uncomfortable. Yeah. but it just gets you out to the commercial over Caffeinated in a way that there's no way it's caffeine. Like, but what? but it looks like, can I, where can I get that? Are you pitching our newest show? Like it's called Mornings on Coke?


Yeah. Perfect. Perfect. Mornings on Coke. Can I tell on myself to you onto this podcast? Oh Yeah. Always. You know that I love TikTok and I'm obsessed with TikTok. And we have to make sure they don't ban TikTok because it's very important and people are very connected through it. Unfortunately though, I'm 54, and so when I'm on TikTok randomly I'll be watching people's TikTok and then I'll be touching my phone and I'll end up commenting on the TikTok. And every single time the comment is the three laughing so hard, the emoji is crying face. What Is it? A ghost?


It's like, it's, I think it's whatever's closest to my thumb on that side of the phone or something. But I've done it now multiple times. No where like, and it's something that maybe isn't funny or like maybe isn't appropriate or it's just like a tarot reading where I'm like, ha ha Ha. Hilarious. It's so embarrassing. I waved high to someone in their dms. What? Which is how, I don't know. I was like, I, I'm never not touching my phone. I fall asleep. Oh, Whatever. Okay. I had to write back. So sorry. I did not mean to do, to do that. I'm just like, I'm just, I'm loose on TikTok. That's some People's biggest nightmare and biggest fear.


Like when someone, your friend hands you the phone to like show you a dude. They're, and they're like, don't touch the phone. Yes. Like, okay, Hands Behind, Your Back For real. Oh My God. Or like, Vince hands me his phone to like order food and I just accidentally like, turn it off immediately. Yeah. And then, then order the wrong things. Mm. And you know, Patsy, you go to hell. Oh, well I won't eat that. I think if there were cell phones, like smart phones when I was in my drinking twenties. Yeah. Oh, I would, would've absolutely pressed like on as many things when I told people I wouldn't. Like, if people are like, I need to show you the guy. But I'd be like, no, no, I know. I get it. You'd Be the wrong one.


Oh yeah. Oh no. I liked it. I liked, whoops. I, well I guess you're gonna have to live your life now that you liked that. Now this, It's like your ex's new girlfriend. You liked her post. Let her know from fucking six months ago. Stand behind it. She's, you're gonna look at her shit In a bikini. Congratulations. Congratulate Her. We can't all be in bikinis. Speaking of feeling old, I, I am like done with my youth because on the way here, when I got in the car, I put on UV blocking Driving gloves. Gloves, Driving gloves because my hands are looking a little spotty. And that's it. I'm done. I'm done.


Goodnight. Goodbye. Do you have the wraparound glasses to wear like, like a grandma that just got her eyes Dilated? No, because I have so much SPF on my face. I don't need it. But the hands though. You know what I mean? Like you Had to go full glove. What? Could you wash them a lot? Or like you No, because I don't want the sun when I'm driving. That's like to beat down on my hands and Cause cause age spots. But you know, the face SPF can go onto the back of the Hands. Yeah. Or yes. So I always am like washing my hands. It's always coming off and shit. So yes. Don't use my excuse. That was mine. I made up. You made up for you. The driving gloves is kind of next level, but it also, it just reminds me of like those old Jaguar commercials or whatever.


It looks like you're trying to flex. It does. And they got like, it's like fingerless too. So it's like, what? What's happening? Their finger. I don't know why they just do that, because people are on their phone all the time and they know that. So I have these like fingerless Gloves just so you have tam line on your knuckles. Yeah. Like the fingers don't matter. The fucking nails don't matter. The Tops of her fingers are old, but Oh, my God. But Her hands look 10 years younger. Incredible. Oh, I have a little bit of news here. So I recently told you about how we accidentally went to Moza Ria Motza, which for the listener, anywhere else besides Los Angeles. Moza is like the best.


Yeah. Kind of Italian restaurant. Everyone loves it. It's classic. Yeah. Nancy Silverton. Nancy Silverton. It's like the quintessential la fancy ass like celebration dinner place And Yeah, exactly. So if you wanna go there for your birthday Yes. You kind of plan a month ahead or Yeah, exactly. At least. But now you can get a delivery. That was like a big deal. The summer they started delivering the pizza. It was big. Oh, My, God. I'm too Far. So anyway, I went to take my friend Chase Bernstein to dinner and I thought I was making the reservation. I told you the story. Yeah, yeah, yeah. At the pizzeria. I was in the oia, Which is fancy, Which the la, the time before we ate there, I saw Beyonce and Jay-Z eating there. Right.


It's that kind of place. Right. We, neither of us were ready. We were both very nervous. Yeah. And then at one point the waiter came and said, he loves this show. Right. And so he wrote in, 'cause I told the story 'cause I could not remember his name. Of course. Yeah. And he just said, I'm the server from Ria Moza. If you ever need a table, please reach out. I got you. It was such an amazing experience meeting you, Karen. Love you both so much. Oh my God. Yeah. His handle is Michael says, Hey. And he was so lovely. I mean all of the wait staff. Yeah. Were super lovely. I mean it's such a classy place. So now we gotta, we gotta fucking Oh My. We Got our hooks In. Hell. Yeah. We're gonna abuse that. Very nice offer.


We're gonna get Michael fired. Let's get Michael fucking Fired. Let's get in there. Let's get in there in our fucking flip flops. And Michael Said we could Yeah. Have a table for 12. Michael said we could sit next to, on Beyonce and Jay-Z can sit at their table. You'll pay forever Doing us a favor. Thank you. You Michael. That was, We're the worst. Thank you, Michael. I'm So glad that he wrote in to say that. 'cause he was super nice. And it's fun to brag. It's anything else. What are you reading? Any books? No, but another old person thing. Okay. Is that I now go to record stores and only buy books instead of records. That's very specific. That's My other old person thing.


You're like, you leave the music to the children and you're like, I'm gonna go over here. Oh, let's See what old books they have about punk rock. I can read instead of listening to the punk rock. You've already Heard it. I'm reading about it. You need more details. Yeah. I need to know the how's and the why's, not just the whats. Yeah. All right. Should we get to this? I'm doing a solo episode tonight, so I gotta read to you, Dude, when I realized today that it was your solo episode and I had no homework. Oh, Baby. Yeah. I Living large This week. All right. So here's some highlights from Exactly. Right Media, our podcasting network.


Well, really an important thing for this summer, we wanna remind you that we have a World War II murder mystery podcast called The Butterfly King. We partnered up with a company called Blanchard House earlier this year. We love them. They're the coolest. They did an incredible job on this podcast. And we think it's the perfect binge listen for your summer road trip. So if you haven't listened to The Butterfly King, please do.


I don't wanna sound like ageist, but I think your parents will really like it if they get in the car with you and you guys are going to college or taking you to wherever. Yep. Put this on and they'll be like, they'll give you money. It's like the thing I've talked about where the one thing my dad and I can always agree on is talking about World War ii. Hell yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Over on, I saw what you did. Millie and Danielle are covering a classic reboot based double feature. Oh man. Oh, red Dawn from 1984. Unbelievable. And Red Dawn from 2012 Red Dawn from 1984 came on one night when I was sitting there with my dad and my dad's riffing about what they were doing in that movie was some of the most delightful things I've ever experienced.


Please get Jim a fucking movie riffing, like video YouTube. I Would I mean we just have to trick him. Right? And Then we just have to have a lot of time to edit because he really ruins things by his casual farting, did you say farting? Yeah. No, I could not see that man farting. It's, he's too dignified. He's so dignified. But then he just goes into like a guy from the fifties talk. Ah. Where like back then you called everybody by the country. Their parents were from what? And so these, it's like he, the Portuguese or whatever. Yeah. Where it sounds offensive. Even if it's, if it's just the way he knows a person.


Right. Where it's like they were from Yeah. Like, dude, you can't do that anymore. Dad, You, you just can't. We, and he actually has adjusted relatively well. But if he's telling a story Yeah, it's, Yeah. No, it's over. Alright, well I'm canceling that, that idea. Okay, great. Let's pre cancel him so he doesn't get canceled. Exactly. Comedian Kenis Mobley joins Kurt Scotty on bananas to talk about wacky news to distract you from real life. Hey. And in the MFM store, your window of opportunity for hot dog t-shirts is closing. So, but sure to go get those before they're gone, they feature artwork by listener Sammy Goran. And that's my favorite murder.com. I think there's also my hot dog pins.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. You gotta get that hotdog merch. There's hot dog merch for the summer. Like, if it Doesn't sell, we'll never make hot dog merch again. So like, let us know. Yeah. You want more hotdog merch. It's All in your hands, listener. And don't forget to V my favorite murder on TikTok because, because there's a chance. I'll give you three crying laughing faces. Don't touch your phone. Also, follow us on Instagram so that you don't miss our weekend social media videos starring sinkhole and cookie and so much more. I love those. I love those. I love my videos. Is that terrible to say? Like, they make me really Happy. No, it's so fun. And They've helped my sister because I, I have cookie pick out my outfit. Right.


And my nephew saw it, my little nephews, and they now have their cat pick out their outfit every morning. Oh. Which takes three seconds as opposed to the like 15 minute crying. What do you wanna wear today thing? Oh, Lee is a master and The best fucking aunt in the I'm master. Oh, you're, it's Got it. Got it. Okay. No, you're right, you're right. Well, I just love, I love that idea where she's like, oh, do you wanna do this? Yeah. And it's like solve, it's just another solve For her. And the cat's just like, oh, it blinked. It wants you to put on that shirt. Okay. That's fun for a kid. Yeah, They like it. Nice. He blinked or whatever. You get Credit. You get credit too. Thank you.


This podcasters brought to you in part by Squarespace. You know, we're in the dog days of summer. Everyone is sunburnt and dehydrated, just trying to survive until fall. Well, here's a tip. Beat the summer heat by staying inside and building a website. Hey, whether you're trying to find an excuse to skip your friend's barbecue, or you're starting your own business, anyone can build a website. With Squarespace They make creating and managing a website easy and intuitive. With Squarespace Blueprint, you can build a custom website fast. All you have to do is choose a template and design from their beautifully curated options. You can also upload an organized video content in your library. There's even an option to add a paywall if you're hoping to monetize. Plus, The Squarespace payment process couldn't be easier. And in eligible countries you can offer buy now, pay later options. And now Squarespace's New and improved SEO tools will help you connect to the right audience fast. Don't let managing a complicated website hold you back from growing your business and reaching your customers. Go to Squarespace dot com for a free trial And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash murder. To save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder. Goodbye.


You know, Georgia, some things in life are eternal. The cosmos, the concept of time socks. That's so true. Even in the summer. You have to sock it up. And if you do try, Bombas Made with premium, extra long staple cotton Bombas socks are the key to feeling light on your feet for all your summer activities. Bombass breezy dress socks will support your arches on the dance floor through the wedding season. Their Compression socks will help prevent achiness on those long vacation flights and longer days of sightseeing. And for all you runners, hikers and pickle ballers, Bombas, athletic socks are engineered to wick sweat so you stay blister free and dry in the heat. But Bombas isn't just about socks. They make go-to Summer Essentials, like 100% cotton teas that feel crisp and light. And For every item you buy, Bombas will donate an item to someone who really needs it. In fact, Bombas has donated over a hundred million clothing items to date. All thanks to your purchases. I love that. Bombas. They make an incredible product. All the stuff, all the socks that I've gotten sent, I love them all. I've kept them all. They're still in my sock drawer after several cycles of getting rid of socks. But then on top of that, the fact that like having those socks means that you've actually done some good and you're not just buying stuff yourself is an amazing feeling. It's Huge. So are you ready to get comfy and give back? Well then head to bombas.com/mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm. And use code MFM at checkout. Goodbye.


Well, I'm gonna do a solo story. And this is exciting. This is really good to do this story solo. And thank you to Ali Elkin for thinking about this, because I had a different story last week. It wouldn't have been a great standalone story. And she was like, let's fucking do this. And I'm like, are you sure you have to do so much more research? And she's like, I got you. Ali Elkin is Georgia's researcher. She's also consistently one of the funniest people on our staff meetings, our monthly staff meetings. There's a lot of stars. Yes. I'd say Ally is one of them. She's great. So I'm excited to share this and thank you to Ally for helping me. Today's story is about a woman who is now quite famous, but for about 60 years after her death, she was relatively unknown. This woman was instrumental in virtually every major advancement in medicine in the second half of the 20th century.


What? Without ever even knowing it Herself. Oh, this is the story of Henrietta Lacks. Oh, I know this story by her name and then the general kind of topic. But I do not know this story well enough. Oh, Okay. I cannot recommend the book. The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks More. It is so fucking incredible. It's so well written. It's so deep. It feels like fiction 'cause it's so unbelievable. But it's real life. And it's by Rebecca slu. And she, like, the movie is about her doing the research too. So the movie's really great as well. Cool. But the information in the book is so amazing. It's one of those books, like, I'm always getting rid of books and giving them away or putting them in, you know, donation, whatever.


The ones I keep, it's, I'm really strict about which ones I keep. And it's because I wanna look smart when someone comes over and looks at my bookshelf. That's a big reason. You know what I mean? So this book has survived like a decade of book purges. Wow. 'cause it's so fucking good. And I also wanna I mean, it's not just, yeah, I wanna look smart, but when I look at the bookshelf, I wanna go like, oh yeah, that was fucking incredible. And like the feeling that the book gave me when I read it. Yeah. I wanna see it on the bookshelf there. Absolutely. You know what I mean? Absolutely. So my bookshelf, if I may, I had shelves foot in during Covid, and then at some point all my boxes with the books from my other house. 'cause I had just moved into my new house. They were all still in the garage and the water heater broke and it, there was a like a four inch flood or so.


And I didn't know it for a little while. Oh. And yeah. And then I just had to go down and it was like mold and everything where I'm just like, book after I had to throw away basically my history of books. Yeah. It was rough. That really breaks my, I I feel that one, because there is like this, this like feeling of looking over at your bookshelf and seeing all this beautiful writing that you wouldn't be the same person if you hadn't read it completely. And that I, that would break my heart. I'm so sorry To hear that. I have to get a new Bird by Bird. By Mont I mean, here's the other thing. How many apartments have you moved from? Oh yeah. And, and lugged such heavy books. Absolutely. So like, I basically made it all the way to the, to the finish line and to the finish line To the house that you're like, this is my forever house and Now I gotta this.


Oh God. Okay. The worst. All right, well, we'll slowly and Charlie get you back up there. Let's Build it back Up. So the story of the LAX family brings up many, many ethical questions, both about the way they were treated by the medical and scientific establishment, and now with who should profit from their story. 'cause it's spawned incredibly successful book and movie. And almost every member of the LAX family has been very supportive of both of those projects, but some aren't. The main sources I use in today's story is Rebecca Sluts book, the Immortal Life of Henry at lax. And the rest can be found in the show notes. Shout out to Reddit for explaining a lot of stuff about sell to me. It really is a, it's an incredible resource.


Yeah. Like for lay people of me going, what? And then it's like, here's what, okay. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. So on January 29th, 1951, a 30-year-old woman named Henrietta Lax walks into an appointment with a gynecologist at John Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore. There's a lump on her cervix and she can feel it. And her regular doctor has referred her to this clinic, specialty clinic. The Hopkins doctor can tell right away that Henrietta does in fact have a tumor on her cervix. Mm. It's the size of a nickel. But he's baffled because she had given birth at the same hospital just four months prior. And it seems impossible that someone would've missed such a large tumor.


And the only thing he can conclude, sadly, is that the tumor has grown at an incredibly rapid rate. So four months in, and it's that size. Right. Henrietta is black and she had grown up on a tobacco farm and a town called Clover, which is in rural southern Virginia. Most of her ancestors were enslaved people, but the lax family eventually took hold of the tobacco plantation. And the LAX family stayed in Clover planting tobacco for about another a hundred years. Hmm. As far as Henrietta goes, she is remembered by her family and by people who knew her as a fun loving, caring young woman. She's an excellent cook. She loves to go out dancing at local clubs. She's absolutely beloved.


And she's the shining star of her close network of friends and family. And there's like one photo of her and she's beaming and she's beautiful. Henrietta marries a man named David Lax. He's her cousin. And this isn't uncommon at the time, Rebecca Slut presents this as matter of fact and says that they were in love. But there are certain dynamics in the relationship that through a modern lens, is considered distressing. David, the husband is about five years older, and Henrietta is just 14 when they have their first child. Oh, wow. Yeah. A son named Lawrence. So four years later she has a daughter named Elsie. Elsie has epilepsy. She's deaf and never learns how to communicate.


She's diagnosed with other developmental disabilities as well. And Henrietta takes painstaking loving care of Elsie and all of her children. Next, she has a son named David Junior, who always goes by Sonny and a daughter named Deborah, and a son named Joseph, who will eventually change his name to Zakaria. So we'll refer to him as that from now on. Okay. And Henrietta is completely devoted to her children. They're her entire life. The family moves from Clover to Baltimore so that David can get a better job at a steel mill. And that's where they are when Henrietta has her last baby and begins to notice her symptoms. Okay. So after that initial round of testing, Henrietta's worst fears are confirmed.


She has cervical cancer. She undergoes a round of radiation treatment, and while she's being operated on the doctor doing the operation, takes a small sample of her tumor and gives it to a lab at Johns Hopkins, the researchers in the lab are trying to do what has previously been impossible. They are trying to grow human cells outside of the human body. Hmm. So then I was like, what? Why? Why did they think, why did they think they could do that? You know, like what made them wanna do that? What does that mean? Why do, what's the value of that? Yeah. And so essentially what I found when I was doing my basic person, I'm not a scientist, you know, research is Reddit based research is that cells only live a certain amount of time.


They have a cap on how long they can live because they'll start to mutate if they live too long. And the cancer overrides that. And so they continue to grow and grow and grow. And the reason they thought this was possible, 'cause this has never hap, they've never found cells that can reproduce like this before. But they had found them in like mice and other lab animals. So they knew it could be possible. So they've just been testing that Okay. For a while. Finally, here comes Henrietta Lacks, the lab at Hopkins is run by a married couple of researchers named George and Margaret Guy. They like other scientists have been trying for years now to grow human cells in culture. And that's just means outside the cell's natural environment.


Henrietta sample is one of many, probably thousands that have been given to the lab from Hopkins patients. And the tissue sample is given a label from the first two letters of Henrietta's, first and last name. So it's Gila. So Gila sells, if you've ever heard that term before, which I totally had before I even knew the story. 'cause they're famous and that's where it comes from. Wow. All of the previous samples in the guy lab have died, maybe not immediately, but fairly quickly. You know, they can't survive outside the human body. So when Henrietta cells replicate and then keep on replicating, needing to be transferred to ever increasing numbers of test tubes. 'cause they're just growing at this insane rate like her tumor had.


Wow. It's a revelation. And immediately a world of possibilities for medical research is opened up. And then I looked into it, I'm like, why did her cells do that? And it's 'cause it was cancer. Hmm. Like her normal cells wouldn't have done that. But this aggressive cancer that she happened to have, you know, were able to reproduce like that because of the genetic code that got shut off from the tumor. You know what I'm saying? Oh, I mean kind. Not really, but that's okay. But no one else's cancer had ever done that before. This is the first time they'd seen it do that. Yeah. But they had tested, they'd never seen this before. Amazing. Yeah. So it's the first immortalized human cell line ever cultured. Hmm. I wish I knew what that meant.


I don't know. I wish I could Explain it. I wish knew the value of it. I wish I could explain to you better how rare it is and how insane it is that they found this and how important it has become to medical and science research. But I can't. You can't. So just trust me. We'll See. You. Trust me, you have pages and pages to Go. I do. It'll be decades before scientists figure out why Henrietta cells keep on dividing so easily when other people's don't. But even most other cancer cells don't seem to behave quite like hers. So hers are special and rare. George Guy, amazed by what Henrietta cells are doing, gives the cells away to anybody who wants them. Realizing what a huge scientific discovery this is. He sends them to his fellow researchers. He also gives a vial to a man who starts a company called Microbiological Associates, which cultures more heela cells to sell for profit.


So now of this free thing that they had stolen from this woman, a company starts to make a profit off of them. And it does seem that no one at Johns Hopkins attempts to patent or profit off the cells directly though, but other people did. Right. So the cells are pretty much the biggest thing that has ever happened in modern medicine. Period. Two years after the samples are taken, a team of black female scientists use them to assist the famous virologist, Dr. Jonas Slk with his research that leads to the polio vaccine. Yeah. Wow. So, Because they had so many cells to test on. And that's what's important about this is when like they take your cells, they test them because your cells die.


There's only so much testing that can be done with them. And so many like leaps forward that they can take because they have a small amount of cells. But now that they have someone, cells who won't stop reproducing, they have an endless amount of cells to test on. So an endless amount of, you know, God, how Can I say this? An endless amount of materials to go in and test other people for their diseases and Things. Right. And to test the cures on those cells. Oh, got it. Got it. You know what I mean? Yeah. To set. Yeah. So thank you. Okay. So they're also used to study genetics and cloning. They're used to develop vaccines and medicine. Eventually they will demonstrate the link between HPV and the cervical cancer that ends up killing Henrietta.


Wow. And the majority of adults wind up exposed to HPV. It's pretty normal. And Henrietta cells help create a lifesaving vaccine that is standard for kids to get now. Right. So I've seen their commercial. Yeah. Yeah. But while all this is going on in the background, these medical leaps, the LAX family basically knows nothing about it. Henrietta dies from her cervical cancer eight months after she's first diagnosed. Oh. With all those kids I know. And a baby. And by the time she dies, her cells are already revolutionizing medicine. But you know, she doesn't know anything about it. Right after she dies, one of the researchers who had been excitedly working with her cells attends the autopsy. And it's only then for the first time that she's struck with the immense sadness of the fact that the cells that have been changing the course of her career came from a real live woman.


You know, you have this Petri dish of cells, you don't think about a person. Right. This woman had never seen Henrietta before, only handled her tissue sample. And at the autopsy, she looks at Henrietta's feet and is struck by the fact that her toenails are painted red. She says, when I saw those toenails, I nearly fainted. I thought, oh geez, she's a real person. I started imagining her sitting in her bathroom painting those toenails. And it hit me for the first time that the cells we'd been working with all this time and sending all over the world, they came from a live woman. I'd never thought of it that way. End quote. Wow. Yeah. It's like you wouldn't if you're a scientist that's just looking into Petri dishes. Yeah. You don't contextualize everything, you know, no one does.


No. It's like you don't do that all the time. That must've been very, yeah. Very striking. Yeah.


Have you ever felt so insecure that you feel awkward about your pet watching you change because you think they're like judging you? If the answer's yes, then you might need to consider therapy. Therapy Is a place to explore your thoughts, feelings, and behavior patterns. Simply sign up for Talkspace and you'll receive a personalized match with a therapist or a psychologist, typically within 48 hours. Talkspace provides personalized treatment for individuals, couples, the lgbtqia plus community, veterans, and teens. If You're nervous about therapy and you aren't sure what to expect, Talkspace is a great solution. They're entirely online. So you can experience the benefits of therapy without leaving the comfort of your home. Talkspace has licensed therapists and over 40 specialties, including anxiety, depression, relationship issues, and more. Once you meet your therapy goals, or if you wanna cancel for any reason, Talkspace will provide you with a prorated refund for unused time. My favorite part about therapy is exploring those behavior patterns. And I have changed my life by just noticing them and Talking to a qualified person who can help you. Once you notice, to not attack yourself, to not make the problem worse with self-loathing, but to actually process through it and change the behavior, it's priceless. And as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80 To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code SP ACE eight zero. You'll get $80 off your first month and show support for our show. That's talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80. Goodbye.


Since summer refuses to end, we simply have no choice but to lounge. And if you have furniture from article, you can feel comfortable lazing inside or out all season long. They're Curated, designed to make furniture shopping simple. From boho to mid-century. You can always find something to match your style articles Dedicated to thoughtful craftsmanship that stands the test of time and looks good doing it. Flop onto articles. Sora Outdoor Sofa. The plush cushions are upholstered in weather resistant fabric and will brush off easily. Plus article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada. And they won't leave you waiting around. You pick the delivery time and they'll send you updates every step of the way. The way they have the delivery system down. Like I felt like I was friends with the delivery guys by the time they were leaving because I got texts, I knew when they were coming. It's so helpful when you're trying to actually schedule, you know, there's places where they're like, the window is 8:00 AM to 9:00 PM or whatever. You're like, great, I'll just sit here. And instead it was like, I knew my piece was coming and I knew when it was gonna be there. Such Peace of Mind article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye.


So what scientists are experiencing with these cells as a golden age of research, Henrietta's family is experiencing this seismic tragedy in their lives. Yeah. Henrietta had been her children's protectors, and in her absence, several of them suffer horrific abuse at the hands of other relatives. Also, before she died at the urging of doctors, Henrietta had brought her eldest daughter Elsie to live in a psychiatric ward. While Henrietta's alive. She visits every single week and sees that Elsie is well cared for. But after Henrietta dies, Elsie is never visited again. Oh, I know. Ugh. And I don't know why the father never went. It's just, Wow, that's, that is so heavy.


It's very heavy. And she dies a few years later at the age of 16 under horrible conditions at the hospital. Mm. All of this is only uncovered in 2001. That's when Rebecca slu, the author of The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks. And Deborah lacks Elsie's younger sister, go looking for the records. So she didn't even know about that. Yeah. Lawrence, the eldest, lacks child, marries a woman named Bobette, and she swoops in and becomes this heroic, protective, maternal figure for the younger kids, especially Deborah. Deborah had been sexually abused by a relative, and it's Bobette who puts a stop to it once and for all. Mm. So she swoops in and she's amazing. In 1971, George Guy, the scientist dies of pancreatic cancer.


And shortly after that, a tribute to him is printed in a medical journal called obs, obstetrics and Gynecology. It's the first time henrietta's real name is ever used, because before that they had used a fake name. I think it was Helen Lake. Mm. So Gila just kind of to like, not give the credit to anyone specifically and to make it shady and to not let anyone know that that's who actually gave those cells. Yeah. Seems like it was done on purpose. Some say it was a mistake. So finally, the first time her name is used is in this article. And the article has the consequences of identifying the LAX family to scientific researchers.


So thousands of them have been working with these helo cells, and many are working in the burgeoning field of DNA and genetics. So they're like, let's go. Now we know who this family is, let's go find them. Oh, it's only around this time, some 20 years and a hundred scientific breakthroughs later that the laxs even learn that a sample was taken from Henrietta. They didn't even know that that had happened. One afternoon, a friend of the family who works as a medical researcher is visiting Bobette, here's the last name, lax, and asks if they're related to Henrietta. And it's only in that moment that the LAX family learns that they have been famous in the field of medicine for decades.


Wow. And this piece of their mother still exists. Like what a, what a just odd thing to realize is that a piece of your mother had been stolen and is now being used all over the world. Right. So soon after this scientist comes knocking on the lax door in 1973, they need to clean up a bit of a mess that they've inadvertently caused with hela cells. So it turns out these Hela cells are so prolific that they grow so well. They're so hearty that they've contaminated many other samples in labs. Hmm. Like, they just won't stop producing. It's, it's, it's amazing. Wow. So it's actually messed up a lot of studies because they're so prolific.


It's a costly error and it negates millions of dollars in research funding and costs millions of dollars to clean up. So one easier way to do that and to weed out the good data from the bad data is to get the laxs blood sample and they can find the genetic markers and help identify what Gila has actually taken over in those labs. Okay. But even then, when they get the blood from the family, which they allow, they don't really explain themselves adequately to the family. Deborah is now in her early twenties when this happens, and she gets the impression from what they tell her that she's being tested for the cancer that killed her mother. So she's panicking and she's like, am I gonna get this cancer that, you know, it's just, it's really awful.


She lives with crippling anxiety for decades. And actually the doctors could have explained that they weren't testing for cancer, and actually the cancer that Henrietta died from isn't genetic. So they didn't even, you know, it's just, just a lack of any kind of care. Empathy, any kind of empathy. Yeah. Yeah. All of the secrecy and confusion couples with the fact that people are now publicizing henrietta's tissue donation, which was in fact not a donation. Yeah. But taken from her, without her knowledge and without her family's knowledge, it shows a deep mistrust among the laxs of the medical establishment. And there's a lot of historic reason to be mistrustful. Black people have suffered at the hands of white people in the interest of science first centuries.


And slaves would sometimes tell stories of quote night doctors who would come to catch people and do experiments on them. They said this to scare people into submission. But doctors really did perform these horrible medical experiments on enslaved people. And medical students for the 19th century often used the stolen corpses of black people for their studies. The idea of night doctors is, I've never heard of that before. That's horrifying. Awful. Awful. Later on, our country's very shameful legacy of unethical experimentation on black people continued with the Tuskegee syphilis study. Yeah. Which we've all heard of. When doctors withhold lifesaving treatment from a group of black men in order to study the long-term effects of the disease.


Yeah. Which is a horrendous disease. The long-term effect is that the men die this slow, very painful death when they could have been easily treated. Yeah. So they're testing the long-term effects of syphilis while they had a cure for it. So it wasn't like there was no cure. Let's see what happens. It was, it was just to see, yeah, it's really fucking evil. That's Truly evil. Yeah. This study was conducted by the United States Public Health Service and lasted for 50 years from 1932 to 1973. Whoa. When it wasn't covered by investigative reporting in the Associated Press. And at that point, it had been known for about 40 years that penicillin could treat syphilis.


And the men in the study were never given any That's like craven. It is. This is the most famous case. But there are plenty of other examples of the medical and scientific establishment treating black people as research subjects with no regard for their humanity. The extent of the Tuskegee experiments had only just been uncovered when the Laxs found out what happened to their mother. So of course, yeah. They're so skeptical. Yeah. So then in the 1980s, a book comes out about hela cells. It focuses on the science, not about henrietta's life or who she was. The way Rebecca sluts book will, when it comes out 30 years later, the book is mostly about the fallout that was caused in the scientific community by hela cells contaminating so many other studies.


but it spends a chapter talking about Henrietta, the book's author is the first person to access and publicize Henrietta's medical records. And you know, that sounds so shady, but it's actually not illegal for a journalist to do this. And in the early eighties, there was no federal privacy law for medical records. Hmm. So whoever gave them to him might also not have been breaking any laws, but it's just feels awful. Yeah. It feels like a VIIA. Another violation. The chapter talks about how tumors were found everywhere inside Henrietta's body after she died. And for the LAX family, and Deborah in particular, it's extremely traumatic to read this Yeah. About her mother. Right around this time, other people, white people, begin suing doctors for tissue samples taken without consent to differing levels of success.


So it's in this environment that the writer, Rebecca Slut, who's played by Rose Byr in the movie, and Deborah is played by Oprah. Like, come on. Oh, how amazing is that. Is this recent 2017? I think it was. Yeah. Okay. And it, it's, it's great. It really, really brings the book to life. So Rebecca Slut comes into contact with the LAX family in the nineties. She'd been researching Henrietta for years after becoming griped with curiosity. When a biology professor mentioned her during a class she was taking, she like went up afterwards to the teacher and was like, what? Who's this person? Tell me more. And they're like, there isn't anymore. So she's just been trying to track stuff down. She was fascinated.


And she wanted to know who the woman was, not just who this, you know, what the scientific breakthrough was. And it takes the lax family years to agree to talk to Rebecca who's white. And when Rebecca and Deborah, the daughter first make contact, Deborah's in her fifties, and all she wants to know is more about her mother and her sister Elsie, who had died young. She tells Rebecca that she's not looking to profit off her mother's contribution to science. But notes the irony in the fact that she herself, the daughter of Henrietta Lacks cannot afford adequate medical treatment. And there are family members who can't afford health insurance. Yep. I mean, that to me is the most egregious thing to point to, to be like, this is the problem.


Yeah. She says at one point, quote, I won't lie. I would like some health insurance, so I don't gotta pay all that money every month for drugs. My mother's cells probably helped make, yeah. So Debra was only a toddler when Henrietta died, and she tragically only found out about her sister Elsie. After her sister's death. When she finally agrees to talk to Rebecca, she says, quote, you know what I really want? I wanna know what did my mother smell like for all my life? I don't know anything. Not even the common little things. Like what color did she like? Did she like to dance? Did she breastfeed me? End quote. Oh. So like, yeah. That's what she wants to know. Yeah.


Rebecca winds up working on her book for close to 10 years, often with Deborah right alongside her. But Deborah and the other members of LAX family do get scared, you know, multiple times throughout this research process that this is yet another white person who wants to take something from their family Yeah. And make a profit. Members of the Laxx family were given advanced proofs of the book, the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lax. And they were actually able to make many edits and they also became consultants on the film. Great. Good. Yeah. And around this time in the 1990s, some people begin to treat Henrietta's contribution to science with the respect it deserves. In 1996, a scientist named Ronald Patillo organizes the first Gila Cancer Control symposium at Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta.


He petitions for October 11th, the day the conference is held to be Henrietta Lax Day in Atlanta. And the Laxx family attend to great fanfare. Oh. Which is nice. Yeah. But about five years later, the Laxx family is poised to be honored for a national ceremony in Washington dc But the event is scheduled for about a week after nine 11. So it ends up not happening. Yeah. Oof. Yeah. Shortly after Deborah suffers a stroke and her health declines over the years. Debra Lacks dies in May of 2009 when she's in her sixties. And it happened to be just months before the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is published, which is like as much about her as it is about Henrietta.


Yeah. So it's sad. The book goes on to be a bestseller. It's managed, do a movie starring Oprah. As I said, five members of the LAX family consult on the film, and most of them are generally supportive of the way their story has now been told. That said, Lawrence the eldest lacks child, declined to participate and was critical of the way his mother's legacy has continued to enrich white people. And like Jesus, can you fucking blame him? Right. He was the oldest living child of Henrietta at 88, and another suit is still pending. As for Henrietta's legacy, basically every person alive today owes their health to Henrietta Lacks. Wow. Studies Using heli cells gave us the polio vaccine.


They led to a revolutionary treatment for AIDS and cancer. They were even used to develop the Covid vaccine. Whoa. Yeah. So there's really no way to quantify how many lives Henrietta has saved in a passage at the end of Rebecca sluts book, Rebecca Deborah and the youngest of Henrietta's children, Zakaria visit a lab to see henrietta's cells under a microscope. Both the laxs are in their fifties at the time, and this is about 10 years before the book is eventually published. And before Oprah comes knocking the scientists hands, Deborah a frozen vial full of her mother's living cells. Mm.


Can you imagine? Deborah warms it between her hands and presses it to her lips. And she whispers quote, you're famous. Just nobody knows it. End quote. And that is a story of Henrietta Lacks who is rightfully famous, and now We all know it. Wow. I Know I mean that part of it of like, they were the kind of cells that enabled everybody else to get cures, to get I mean. Just thinking of that is so huge. And why wouldn't We all know that? Like from grammar school. Right. What's the, why wouldn't that be like celebrated? Like this incredible thing?


Like It's like she's the first, you know, person on the moon. Yeah. And we know who that is. Why don't we know this? 'cause it was secret because it was stolen If she got to the moon with her own cells. Like that's the thing of it is like, it felt like in the late seventies, early eighties, there was like a swath of cancer where all a sudden people were whispering about cancer in the kitchen. And every time it happened, there's a couple people, someone's mom would get cancer Yeah. And would be dead within a year. Oh yeah. And it was, it's just a horror children losing their mother. The idea that the medical establishment didn't think that it would be any kind of comfort or help or anything to communicate this kind of huge victory that she enabled them to have.


Yeah. And treat the family with the respect that they deserve. Yeah. So definitely read that book, watch the movie, and thank Henrietta Lacks for keeping you alive. Yeah, man. Well, good one. Thank you. Yeah. I'm glad that was standalone. Thank you, Allie. Like that one. That was perfect. Should we end with, what are you even doing right now? Yes. So we can end on a high note and you guys tell us what you're even doing right now. Will you listen to the podcast? Okay. This is from Instagram. The name is Georgia Beck is the person's name. Hi. Hashtag. What are you even doing right now? Right now I'm channeling my best inner trash raccoon persona whilst I dig through people's rubbish.


Oh. I'm an environmental waste consultant, and I listen to m fm as I go through landfill recycling and organic waste, and then write reports for government bodies and councils on waste in their region, and provide them with recommendations on how they can best reduce their waste. Wow. That's Your career. That's amazing. The next time I throw something away in public, I'm gonna say I'm an environmental waste com. Okay. Trash raccoon. Trash Raccoon. I'm honestly just waiting for the moment. I get to find my own and it says treasure or even a dead body. I spoke to someone at a landfill site once and they told me they had found a whole human head. Oh, My coworkers think I'm real weird for that, but hey, someone's gotta do it.


S-S-D-G-M. It's not your fault. Someone found a whole human head. No. And it's not your fault. You were curious about it. It's not your fault. You're a normal human being. Yeah. That pays attention to what's going on around you. Right. I like this one. It's from Tina, from Twitter, and Tina says, oh me, I'm working on building a miniature house in rural Japan. You know, the usual A miniature house in rural Japan. I mean, take Me there, Please. Well, you're there. That's what's exciting. Ah, I, you're there. Isn't that cool? Yeah. We're in their Heads. What are you even doing right now? Tell us. We wanna know. We Wanna know what you do while you're listened to this podcast.


Yeah, please. And also thank you for listening to this podcast. I mean eight and a a half years in running. What the hell? We appreciate it so much. If you feel like giving us a review or a rate or subscribe, it really helps in the background. Yeah. You know, whatever. Yeah. Also, it helps if you just kind of clap your hands together, will small and quiet. We feel it. Yeah. We can feel that. It all helps. It does. Stay Sexy and don't get murdered. Good. Elvis, do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production.


Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns To my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow The show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite murder and Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.