
This is exactly right.


I am Kate Winkler Dawson, a journalist, author, and podcast host. And I'm Paul Holes, a retired investigator with experience solving some of America's most notorious cold cases. Together we host Buried Bones, a historical True Crime podcast on the exactly right network. Each week. We examine a different case from history and use our years of experience and 21st century forensics to bring new insights into these very old tragedies. Like the time the Sausage King of Chicago's wife went missing in 1897. Don't miss new episodes every Wednesday. Follow buried bones wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, Hello And. Welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia HeartStart. That's Karen Kil Gareth. Nope. No sips Right. after I, we say something It leaves you to say something. Fuck. But But it's hard to do this. That's the spot guys. Georgia has brand new bangs. Thank You. This is Thank You. Thank You. This is breaking news. New bangs. I Just. Cut em myself up in my sink upstairs. Did you. Yeah, because like we're trying to make the audio studio filmable so we can put that footage up because people like video of podcasts these days.


Well, I haven't been on camera since before the pandemic when I was in my thirties So now, now I'm dealing with forties Georgia And. so sometimes you just have to come straight home and cut your bangs off. You know what I mean? And. so teenage Georgia shows up and goes, You know what? We need bangs. Right. You know. It'd be great. That's a lot of face on camera. Maybe half. Let's do half that face on camera. Instead. Let's Do a bunch of bangs. Maybe some scarves wrapped around her necks. Ooh. I feel like piercings always distract You know on a face. Yes. So maybe a Especially late in life, piercing is very distracting. You're like, oh, she's got a cool job. Probably she's got one of those septum piercings.


Or She is going through something. Right, Because She never had this before. Yep. And now she needs it. It could be anything. I feel like maybe more effective than a septum piercing would be like we get a little whiteboard in the studio and you just write down what's bothering you that day. Just write down the like part of your, like for me it will be my neck. Oh Yeah. The next there. For sure. Being a woman is like, it's hard 'cause you wanna be like casual about it and be like, I love myself. I'm a feminist. I like the way I look. Beauty is like a fucked up standard and not anyone can live up to it. And I wanna look like myself. And then you see yourself and you're like, no, that's not what I look like. But not like that.


But I, that's not, but that's not what I see. Also, when I a full on TikTok addict, I am watching like what seems to be 16 year olds. Yeah. Being like, here's this great moisturizer for fine lines and wrinkles where it's like, ma'am, ma'am, it can't be you that's telling me this. I Can't. No, no. Yeah. That and Like all those kinds of things. Don't tell me your skincare routine. If your skin is already perfect, which I know is like the point, like your skin is perfect because of your skincare routine, but I wanna see your fucked up skin when you're still doing your skincare routine and it's not fucking working. Right. That's the thing that got me into Korean skincare was all of the people who had like fungal acne or cystic acne that were like, they went to it like as a last resort.


Yeah. Okay. And it actually worked. Okay. I mean you could join my church still out there. Is it TikTok or is it Korean skincare? Korean Skincare Church. Yeah. Yeah. I'm dabbling in it. I'm giving it a shot. Okay. 'cause I could put some products together for you. Just tell me your complaints. That would be great. Let me know. That's new. I'll put some stuff together. That's our new thing. Literally the last time I had people over, I brought my friend Chase Bernstein. 'cause she's a Maxine Easter herself. And I was like, do You know about this? Because not only are these products great, they all cost $12. I know. And it's insane. And so I brought her into my bathroom and just opened underneath the sink where it was like a small TJ Max under the sink because I have to buy it if I see it.


Yeah, you should try it. I don't need it. But someone's gonna need it. You're An influencer. You need to try it. That's right. This is swag I have to give away to continue my, yeah. Well This is a True crime podcast. Is it? That's not true. Someone said it was once and we just went with it. That can't be the truth about this podcast. I have a true crime documentary I can recommend. So we can please do be on track for a hot second. Okay. It's just a two part documentary called Into the Fire, the Lost Daughter on Netflix. Did. you see the trailer for this? No. It's So wild. Essentially this woman who when she was very young, gave her daughter up for adoption, finds out 20 years later that that daughter went missing when she was 14.


And then is like this badass who's like, how has this not been solved? No one's looked into this at all. Here I go. And like with the help of You know Sleuths tracks down what happened. And it's wild. I'm almost positive one of us covered that at some point in the past eight years. 'cause it sounds familiar like in a forensic files way. Yeah. And then it also sounds familiar in a one of us talking way We covered it, man, then I don't know what I'm doing. But that Idea that this mother already had these regrets and these Yeah. Second thoughts and all these things. And then when she goes to finally find that daughter that she had been thinking about the entire time. Yeah. She hears this horrible news.


Right. And then takes up the cause it's like one of the most beautiful Yeah. Tragic stories. And it's so sad because when it comes down to it, she's like, I gave up my baby when I was 17 because I was convinced that I was giving her the A good life. Yeah. And these parents that needed her and wanted her and the, it turns out the call's coming from inside the house. I mean you kind of can figure that out. But it's like she's so angry that that didn't happen. Yeah. That she just fuels her and it's really amazing. A Horrible thing. And then she actually gets to do something about it. Right. Totally. God damnit, when Did you cover that. Wait, sorry, which one of us covered It? You? Why don't I remember that? There's fucking 500 episodes.


What do you mean? I can't remember what happened this morning. Okay. All right. So yes. Karen did cover it in episode, what was it? Alejandra 309. Not counting is the key. The sixth anniversary special. Okay. Oh, Okay. And I bet it was a great job. So you should listen to that and watch the documentary. Listen, I'm taking this feedback as it stands, which is I need to tell you stories better so that you remember them for years and years and years. Years. How many cans of Wine Deep was I when you told that story? That's the most important question. Oh, I actually could follow that up with something that is also true crime related in a way that I thought was so touching and so beautiful. Well, first of all, I just wanted to say, and I think most people understand this at this point, it's been going on for so long.


We record this podcast on Monday and then the episode drops on Thursday. Last week we recorded the episode the day before that debate. So we had no idea what was about to happen and we would've absolutely been thrilled to talk about it. Yeah. When she basically paused instead of calling him a motherfucker. Is one one of the, like most, I think for me personally, I'll just say therapeutic moments that I've had in a while. Wow. In terms of what is going on around us. Yeah. So everybody still has to try really hard and nothing is for sure, but wow. It's so funny. Yeah. And the like, the restraint that she had as a woman had to practice in that moment or in that entire thing that that clearly isn't an equal thing.


Are there restraint that we learned from childhood because you have to seem a certain way or no one's gonna take you seriously is like was just on stage that night. Yeah. Well, and also just she's so overqualified. Yeah. The way it usually is, right. For black women in this country, which is, oh, I have to come up here and do all this tap dancing to a person that some say can't read. Right. That's just a, that's just a rumor. Like essentially a A toddler could have my job. Yeah. Or I could have the job I've been training for for decades, so. Right. Yeah. Let's see. Let's see how that goes. Anyways, good news. Yeah. Love. Good news. We love some good news.


Who We Do. And then there was inspiring News because at the Emmys, which I think happened last night or the night before Sunday Probably last night. Yeah. Tech for us, last night for Us, it's last night. Yeah. De Farro Wie, who was nominated for lead actor from reservation dogs, one of my favorite shows in the past decade, I'd say. And he's the first indigenous man to be nominated in a lead acting category for an Emmy. Wow. He showed up to the red carpet with a big red ham print across his mouth to represent all the missing and murdered indigenous women that no one is talking about. And it was fucking amazing.


Like it looked incredible. Of course. Then everyone was talking about asking him about it and just like to take that moment that he could have made all about himself. Yeah. And I'm sure most people would be like, Hey, this in and of itself is this incredible achievement, that whole cast. Yeah. It's an incredible achievement that all you guys are here and you are so good in all those seasons of that show. But instead he's just like, why don't we actually do something here? Yeah. I mean inspiring. So Beautiful. That's incredible. Oh, I have a little like a fun, cute little thing that we can, it's almost like a story that would be on bananas, but it made me so fucking happy. And I feel like majority of our listeners would rejoice that there's a bed and breakfast in Scotland that lets you run a bookshop.


Like they have a bookshop you rent out like as a, b and B and like for a week, that's your holiday. I bet there's a cat. I bet you could bring a cat. You just fucking, it's a volunteer run enterprise that lets visitors run their own bookshop. How incredible is that? I saw that on BBC Scott News. Sorry. Do you have to balance that drawer every night? Oh, That's, yeah. That's hard. Mm. I bet there's like a, if you need me, I'm here. But with a Scottish accent, You know. Yeah. Background player You know what I mean. It'd be great if there was a guy that kind of looked like Gerard Butler maybe. Yeah. In that cardigan. Ooh. I mean he was, he was there to balance the drawer and just kind of like, don't worry about this part that you don't like and go, go run your bookstore.


Also when the money goes to charity For the whole bookstore. What The fuck, man? I think so. Or at least a large part of it. Damn. This is, that's a, that's goodbye. Really cool. I'm going there now. Also that idea of like, if you open a birthday present and Vince was like, here's what the present is. Yeah. Wouldn't you have a nervous breakdown of being so overjoyed? Yeah. That's a perfect vacation for, for me, I, I like this idea of like vacations for people who don't like typical vacations. Yeah. Go do this thing that you've always wanted to do that has nothing to do with like sitting by the beach or drinking my ties. You know. Right? I I bet you could still drink at that bookstore. If it's your bookstore, you can drink all you Want. Sure.


Nice mug of something boozy. That's true. Just a, a mug of hot rum. Oh my God. Ew. Microwaved mug of rum. It's not, it's just microwave in the staff. Microwave. It smells like fish and chips. Microwave your rum. Ugh. Okay. Hey, let's talk about our business that we run with cats. Oh, good idea. Involved it idea. Hey, we have a podcast network. It's called Exactly. Right. Media. Here are some highlights. Overall, I said no gives This week. Bridger's Guest is Sam Taggart, a comedian and the host of the Hilarious Podcast Straight Lab. If you miss last week's episode of Bananas with legendary comedian Kathy Griffin. Go check that out.


And in the meantime, they're basking in the afterglow of Banana Fest and so are We. I mean they should. Yeah. What a success. Then over on I saw what you did. Danielle and Millie discussed two films, This week, the Raid Redemption from 2011 and from 2014 John Wick. Oh, Classic. Yeah. And our next throwback merch from Rewind with Karen and Georgia is here from episode 11 of Rewind. We have a new go fuck yourself mug just for you through September 24th. Go pre-order your limited edition. Go fuck Yourself mug. These won't last long. This always sells out. So check that out at My favorite murder dot com. Yourself is spelled incorrectly.


Yeah. Can you handle that As it would? Well, it's the original print. Yeah. And It is the way you say. It's spelled as it said. Yeah. Which is something that's important to us as a podcast Host, near and dear to our hearts. Yeah.


Today's episode is sponsored in part by Acorns You Know Karen. I used to think that investing was one of those things that I'd worry about like later. Something for like responsible future me to figure out. Yeah. I've left a lot of my problems for Future Me to figure out. But with Acorns, you can start making small investments today and give future you something to look forward to. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for your future. You don't need a lot of money or expertise to invest with Acorns. In fact, you can get started with just your spare change with Their roundups feature. Every purchase you make is an opportunity to invest. So that iced coffee you bought for $5 and 25 cents gets rounded up and becomes a 75 cents investment in your future. Acorns recommends an expert built portfolio that fits you and your money goals, and then automatically invest your money for you. And now Acorns is investing in your future too. Open an Acorns later IRA and get up to a 3% match on new contributions. That's extra money for your retirement. Give your money the chance to work as hard as you do. Head to acorns.com/murder or download the Acorns app to start saving and investing for your future today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors LC can be SEC Registered Investment Advisor View important disclosures@acorns.com slash murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


So here in Los Angeles, we are coming down from a massive heat wave, but fall is days away. You can feel it. So we must prepare Ourselves. and we all know that the best way to stay cool is to add cashmere sweaters to your cart. Today. With Quince, you can update your fall wardrobe without blowing your budget. Quince is the best place to shop for all your fall staples, and once your order arrives, you'll have a whole year to return it. Check Out their cashmere collection from Crew next sweaters to oversized cardigans. They have everything you need to look and feel. Lux when you're looking at a piece on the Quince website. You can scroll down to see how real people have styled it and if the fit was true to size or not. Everything is priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands because Quince works directly with top factories. They cut out the middleman and pass the savings onto you. I Really love Quince. The products that they make are really high quality and they're not expensive. I've ordered from them a couple times. We got a little tester when we first started working with them, and I was so blown away by how lovely their cashmere sweaters are. And now that I realize they have all these other pieces like basics for your wardrobe, for like when you need a pair of pants. It doesn't have to be anything thrilling, but you like need them for work or you need them for an event like Quince has it all they have you covered. So make switching seasons a breeze with Quince high quality closet essentials. Go to Quince dot com slash MFM for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN cce.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


All right, you're first. Yes. Yeah, This story, I actually found this, I think it was on the now defunct website, Twitter now, I can't remember, but it was like one of those ones where there's like a picture and then there's like a couple facts underneath it and it basically brings you to the Wikipedia page. Oh yeah. I love Those. But it was a serial killer I had not heard of before. Isn't That wild when that happened? They're like, yes. I thought I knew them all. I think it's just such a sign. Yeah. Where it's like there are so many. Yeah. And they're all so horrible. It's so scary when you realize that you're just never Yeah. It's an issue. It's a true issue. Yeah. So this story I'm gonna tell you about today is about a man who by day sought a career in the priesthood, then in education.


And then he ended up in policing, leasing Jesus and all while committing heinous murders. Oh my God. The attorney who prosecuted this man called him, quote, the most sexually deviant person I've ever seen. He made Ted Bundy look like a boy scout. Holy Shit. Decades after being tried and convicted for two homicides, this man is still being linked to missing and murdered women in Florida and beyond. Wow. I'm gonna tell you the story of Gerard John Schafer, the serial killer cop. Oh my God. The main source used in today's research is the book American Ripper, the Enigma of America's serial killer cop by Patrick Kendrick.


This is the exhaustive resource on this very, very disturbing case. I love that Marin reads entire books to cover these cases. Yeah. When she does research for me, it's just incredible. It's so good. And I now wanna read this because this case, you get just enough awful information to go, wait a second. How did I not know every detail about this? Yeah. And just if you are riding in the car with some people who maybe don't like true crime, if there are children anywhere near you, do not listen to this story with anybody. This is a very disturbing, very it, very, very awful case. If you are easily kind of freaked out, don't listen to this.


So it begins in March of 1946. That's when Gerard John Schaefer, who will go by John from most of his life, is born in Nina, Wisconsin. He's the first child born to parents, Doris and Jerry, who then have two more children after him, a daughter and another son. Doris is a homemaker, raises the children. Jerry works as a traveling salesman, and his company repeatedly transfers him to different regions around the country. And each time he's relocated, he uproot his young family and moves them with him. The Schaffer's first leave Wisconsin for Nashville, then Nashville for Atlanta.


And then in 1960, when John is 14 years old, the family finally settles in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. So even though he's still young, John's already dealing with complex emotional problems. He has a lot of anger and a lot of resentment, and he's known to hurt animals, which is something that the kids in the neighborhood notice. He will eventually tell doctors that he fantasizes about dying. And one of his childhood friends, Gary Hane Linein, who is also his next door neighbor, says quote, he seemed to enjoy killing things. He enjoyed shooting things, things you can't eat, songbirds, land, crabs, that sort of thing.


End quote. Yikes. So along with those habits, John is developing sadistic sexual fantasies that involve hurting women. They seem to go hand in hand. So the fantasies progress as he grows into early adulthood. When he's about 20 years old, he seeks treatment for these troubling thoughts. And in therapy, he attributes his violent, misogynistic fantasy is to his father. Jerry, according to John, Jerry is an abusive alcoholic who sets an awful example by constantly cheating on his wife. It is possible. These statements are true because Doris will eventually go on to divorce Jerry citing quote, drunkenness and adultery.


But then at the same time, we're probably talking about a burgeoning psychopath. Right? So it could be everybody else's fault. Totally. John does say that his resentment towards women also stems from his father. According to him, it's because Jerry clearly favors his daughter, John's sister, over his sons. So by the late 1960s, when John's in his mid twenties, he seems to be trying to figure out his life's path. In 1966, he tours the southeastern United States with a singing group that's sponsored by a conservative organization aiming to quote, glorify, wholesome, patriotic American youth. Oh, good job.


This is where he meets a young woman named Martha. Martha goes by Marty, the two wed two years later. But though marriage is short-lived and they get divorced in 1970. So it's not totally clear why John and Marty break up, but a friend of the couples will later say a quote. Marty was a genius. John is very intelligent, but he's a very competitive person. It was hard for him to be with a genius like Marty End Quote. All right. Kind of interesting though that he would be attracted to her. Yeah. But also she's like in this wholesome, patriotic American right. Singing group.


Maybe it all just, they all got caught up in the show. Sure. So around the time this marriage ends, John, who was raised Catholic, tries to join the priesthood, but he is turned away from seminary school after being told that he doesn't quote, have enough faith. It makes him extremely angry. So angry in fact that he turns his back on the Catholic church forever. Meanwhile, he keeps looking for a job, preferably one that would give him power and authority over others. So before long he becomes a teacher. He lands a teaching job, but it's short-lived.


He's fired for quote, trying to impose his own moral and political values on his students end. Quote, I mean, and it's in the seventies. Yeah. And it's that bad. Like they didn't give a shit. You could fucking hit a kid back then. So whatever he was doing was like very true extreme. Right. It had to be crazy. Yeah. And then also, like you didn't have enough faith. Like what was he not doing that someone could tell if something was off like that just might have been an excuse to be like, get this guy outta here. Yeah. I wonder if he had a particularly deep confessional. Oh. And they were like, oh, that's why you're here. Right. How do we get rid of this guy? You don't like God enough. Get the fuck out of here.


Yeah. Please take this elsewhere. Yeah. Please take this to the local high school. So one of his teaching supervisors would later say that quote, I told him when he left that he'd better never let me hear of his trying to get a job with any authority over other people. Jesus. Or I do anything I could to prevent it. End Quote, what did he do? Oh my God. Unfortunately, that person didn't try to prevent that job. And what does happen is that John is dead set on becoming a policeman. No, Kind of the worst case scenario, just be a Go to a call center and leave everyone alone.


So in the early 1970s, John Schafer's rejected by multiple police departments, including the Broward County Sheriff's Office, who pass on his application after he fails a routine psychological test. Jesus, something basic. Yeah. So he ends up getting hired by the small Wilton Manors police department based in Fort Lauderdale suburb. Wilton Manors just happened to be in desperate need of officers right when John applied. So it was like the perfect storm. So at first, John seems to be finding his groove, things that work are quiet and steady. He even gets remarried to a woman named Theresa.


But within a year of being hired by Wilton Manors pd, John is abruptly let go. The Tampa Bay Times, who later interviewed his colleagues reports that quote, supervising officers found him unreliable. A man who could be found leaning against a pole eating potato chips when he was supposed to be directing traffic around an accident. More troublingly John is also caught, quote, running female traffic violators through the department's computer, obtaining personal information and later calling them for dates, end quote. Oh no. We've heard about that happening through the police and police officers doing that same thing.


So in the summer of 1972, just two months after being fired from the Wilton Manors pd, John somehow gets another job as a police officer. This time he's hired by the Martin County Sheriff's Department, which is also in South Florida. And a month later in late July, John is out on parole when he sees two teenage girls hiking near Florida's Jensen Beach. They are 18-year-old Nancy Trotter and 17-year-old Paula Wells, who goes by her middle name Sue. So Nancy and Sue are vacationing in this area from out of state. So John sees them, he pulls the cop corps over, rolls the window down, and warns the girls that hitchhiking is illegal in this county.


This is not true. Hmm. Nancy and Sue don't know this of course. And they don't think a police officer would pull over and go out of his way to lie to them. So when John offers to give them a ride back to their hotel in the town of Stewart, which is a few miles away, the girls see no reason why they shouldn't take a ride from a cop like Sure. Yeah. Ostensibly the safest thing they could do. Totally. And also, it's Florida, it's boiling hot You know. They're like, we don't wanna walk all the way back. The ride back to Stewart is quick, and when he gets to the hotel, John drops both girls off. But before he drives away, he offers to give the girls a ride back to the beach the following morning.


Hmm. And that way he says they won't have to illegally hitchhike again. Nancy and Sue are very grateful for this young officer's kindness, and they accept the ride. And the next morning at nine 15, John arrives to pick them up as scheduled. He claims he's on duty, but he's wearing plain clothes and he's driving a civilian car. The girls don't think much of it. Nancy says that. Then quote, he asked us if we wanted to see an old Spanish fort that was on the river. We said, okay, end quote. So John pulls off, Florida's a one a highway and onto a small dirt back road that leads to a woodsy remote area.


His car is now on a strip of land known as Hutchinson's Island. It's about 10 miles away from Jenssen's Beach. So he parks the car by an old abandoned shed in the woods. And then his entire demeanor completely changes. That's the thing I think about in a lot of these stories too, that point. Yeah. Where survivors talk about a moment where the person that they met completely disappears. Yeah. And this new like entirely evil person arrives. It's Yeah. It's like a horror movie. Yeah. The moment you realize like, oh no, this, this isn't what I thought it was. Yeah. It's so chilling. And he, the turn comes and Nancy and Sue are shocked and horrified when John announces quote, I could dig a hole and bury you.


There is no crime without a body. Ugh. End quote. And then he says, quote, I'm afraid I'm gonna have to put you under arrest as runaways. Oh My God. End quote. And then he threatens to sell the girls into a sex trafficking ring. Jesus. He then instructs Nancy and Sue to dump their purses out in the car. And then he orders them to step outside. He binds and gags both of them. And when they are tied up, he walks Nancy over to some thick tree roots. They stand about 10 inches off the ground. He tells her to stand on top of them. And then he puts a noose around her neck, and he basically swings it over a branch above her.


And now Nancy is bound gagged. And basically with this noose around her neck, she's at risk of hanging if she slips off this, these uneven tree roots. Oh My God. So she's basically trapped in trying to stay perfectly still. Right. And that is when he begins to molest her. Oh my God. He threatens quote, I could rape you right now right here if I wanted to end quote. And then after a few minutes pass, he starts walking back toward where Sue is. But as he goes, he tells Nancy that he will be back for her. Nancy is a very strong, determined young woman. So as she watches standing on her tiptoes on these tree roots, John wanders off into the woods with her friend Sue.


And the second they're out of sight, she spits the gag out of her mouth. She like kind of forces it out with her tongue and immediately starts chewing through the knot that's next to her, that's around her neck. Holy shit. So like she, yeah, her chewing creates enough slack in the rope that she is actually able to wriggle her neck out of the noose. And then once she's free from the risk of hanging, she's able to get all of her other binding ropes off. She actually will later say, quote, I didn't take very long, maybe 10 or 15 minutes, but I still had the handcuffs on. And then once Nancy gets free, she runs, oh My God.


She's panicked. She's still handcuffed. She's rushing to escape through the thick Florida underbrush. But Nancy is only thinking about her friend Sue. She doesn't know where Sue is, if she's still alive. All she knows is that she has to go get help. So she comes to a river and she throws herself in, and then she follows it upstream for what would feel like an eternity. She actually, at one point, gets stung by jellyfish. Oh my God. And then finally she sees the highway and the distance. So she gets out and runs toward the highway. All Well Handcuffed. All well handcuffed Jesus. And also like Florida. It's like, yeah, Florida swamp.


Like everything in Florida. It's like the idea she's getting stung by jellyfish in a river is insane. It's just like so dangerous. Ugh. So horrible. Treacherous. Yeah. So she's running toward the highway, and soon she sees a Martin County Sheriff's Patrol car driving toward her. And it's the same car. John picked the girls up in the day before, but before Nancy can react, she sees John is not driving that car. Instead, it's Officer Robert Lewis Crowder. So she flags him down. Officer Crowder tells Nancy that her friend Sue also escaped and was picked up by a truck driver 45 minutes ago.


Oh my God. Right. He then tells her, Sue has already told the police about how John Schafer abducted them and threatened their lives, and they've been looking for Nancy ever since. And that's why Officer Crowder is out patrolling the highway. Right then. Wow. That's wild. So. now both girls are safe and they find John Schafer and they bring him in. But when his coworkers ask him what he was doing, Schaeffer tries to cover by writing off his actions as foolish. He claims he was demonstrating the pitfalls and the dangers of hitchhiking. And he says, quote, he had gotten a little carried away. Oh My God.


But John Shafer's superiors are not buying it. He's immediately fired. And then he's charged with multiple counts of aggravated assault. He's ultimately convicted and sentenced to six months in county jail, followed by three years of probation. Six months. Like Six months. And also aggravated assault as opposed to attempted murder. Right. But here's the thing. Don't waste your time getting upset at this. Right. There's More, because it's gonna get much worse. Okay. Because after his trial, when they figure all that out, he is allowed to post a $15,000 bond and live as a free man for several months until his jail time begins in January of 1973.


What the fuck Is that? That piece of our fucking legal system is so compounding. Well, and you have to I mean just for the observations of amateurs that have been telling stories to each other like this for nine years, practically, it's racism. Right. Because I don't, I don't think we've ever told a story about the police letting a black man free on bond until his aggravated assault. Right. Term comes up. I mean clearly. I'm sure it was the privilege of having been a police officer or something. Or It's also, you can afford $15,000, which back then was probably a fuck ton more money.


And so bail in itself is a, a racist act because it really favors people who are privileged and have money and opportunities to do that You know. Yeah. And it also doesn't consider what it didn't at the time. And maybe maybe these considerations have been implemented. It would be fascinating to talk to somebody who knew, but the idea of, oh, no, no, this, what he did was not, it wasn't some funny mistake. Yeah. This is something that he has, like that they would recognize the behavior and the violence and the threat. But the Point is, he should be kept away from society because he is a threat to it.


Not like You know. And someone who has a drug charge is locked up the whole time. Yeah. Where it's like, it's not, it's, it's not equal. But those white cops are looking at this fired white cop and going, well, he's not a threat to me. Right. So how much he wouldn't, I wouldn't. So he wouldn't. Right. I mean it's, you feel like perhaps that could be arguably. Yeah. And in my opinion, what they are thinking, who knows. Yeah. It's also like you're saying, it's 1972, his jail time begins in the next year. So it's September of 1972. He's supposed to go to jail in January of 1973. So he's out on bond. And just two months after Nancy Trotter and Sue Wells were abducted.


Two more girls go missing in Fort Lauderdale. Hmm. 16-year-old Georgia Jessup and 17-year-old Susan Place. And Susan actually was a student at the school where John Schaeffer briefly worked as a teacher, although it's unclear if they ever interacted or even knew each other. But that is just a fact. So Susan's parents tell police, the girls were last seen at the place, family home. And Susan's mother, Lucille actually watched the girls head to the beach with this man in his mid twenties who went by Jerry Shepherd. And she watched them as they climbed into his blue Dotson and pulled away.


But from the get go, Lucille had a weird feeling about this Jerry Shepherd. So as the car was pulling away, she ran outside and wrote down his license plate number. Look At her. Wow. Yeah. And then Lucille has to hand this information over to the police when her daughter never comes home from the beach that day. Horrifying. Yeah. What's more horrifying is it takes investigators six months. No, it's not, not until March of 1973 to trace this information back to the car's owner. And that's when they find out it's not Jerry Shepherd, it's Gerard John Schaeffer.


She had been missing, missing for fucking six months before they put the most basic effort. This fucking woman went out of her way to take precaution. 'cause she was worried about her daughter. Her daughter's missing. Here's the car that took her away. Yeah. Here's the license plate. Right. A citizen cannot do more. They can't do your job for you. She's not a runaway. Yeah. I haven't received a phone call. No one's seen her. Like This is not. Oh my God. Okay. Yeah. So by the time police do make this connection, John has already been serving his sentence at the county jail for two months. So they go down to talk to him. John is questioned about the girl's disappearance.


He denies having anything to do with it. But this lie unravels very quickly. A few weeks later, in April of 1973, men collecting aluminum cans in Hutchinson Island, the same area where John took Nancy Trotter and Sue Wells, and they find the badly decomposed remains of two people who have been clearly very brutally murdered. Wow. The corpses are tied to the base of a tree at their torsos, and their heads were cut off. Oh my God. God. And those severed heads were later found nearby a few days later. These remains are identified by dental records.


And the bodies in fact belonged to Georgia Jessup and Susan Place, and their remains indicate that they were tortured, hanged, and one of the girls had been shot in the jaw, although it's unclear if that happened before or after she was murdered. So. now John Shafer has been unmasked days after Georgia and Susan's remains are found. Investigators obtain a search warrant for John Schafer's house and his mother Doris's house where he stores some of his belongings. Investigators need any evidence that could connect John to Georgia and Susan's murders. And they do.


It's a purse that belongs to one of the girls. And according to John's wife, Theresa, her husband gave it to her as a gift in September of 1972, the same month the girls went missing. I Forgot he was married. And that is so troubling, like Yeah. Oh my God. But that's not all. It turns out that John is sitting on with all of these things that they find in his house and his mother's house. He's sitting on an arsenal of incriminating items. Journalist Yvette Cardozo writing for the Fort Lauderdale news reports. The officers found two gold crown teeth, small bones, much like wrist bones, a sorority pin charm bracelet, a photograph sketched over magazine pictures, rope rifles, and hunting knives.


Jesus end quote, The bones suggest He like went back to the scene of the CR You. know, like went back. That's so chilling. And just that list of items is a textbook mixture of trophies. Yeah. From victims and possibly murder kit supplies. And the sketched over magazine pictures refers to random pictures of women pulled from magazines and newspapers that John has labeled with words like Adulterous and Street Walker. What? In others? He's drawn images of nooses around their necks. There's disturbing photos of women that have been executed, returned letters.


John has sent himself posing as a researcher, requesting information on urination and defecation that takes place during prison. Orchestrated executions of women. What? Craven is one word you could use. Yeah. It's base. It's just the bassist. Most disgusting. Oh my God. So of course it gets worse because investigators find a So-called manuscript that includes several pages of various stories. So it's essentially like he's trying to write like a book of short stories, but they're all just vile and they're all written from the first person perspective. It's Just like, it's like a journal almost that he's trying to pass off is like a Yeah.


Reporter. Yvette Cardozo says quote, the stories tell of hanging women, shooting them, hacking them to pieces of sinking one body in a rock pit lake with a shotgun blast and of having sexual intercourse with the bodies months after the slang Fuck. End quote. So essentially, This is a serial killer just writing out his plans. Yeah. Oh my God. So depraved. Yeah. So some of these stories are clearly made up. Others read like diary entries, like you said, mentioning very specific locations down to local road names. In one story, John gives a how to on killing women that eerily mirrors his attack on Nancy Trotter and Sue Wells.


So here's the writing from that quote. He will need an isolated area accessible by car, and a short hike away from any police patrols or parking lovers. The execution site must be carefully arranged for a speedy execution once the victim has arrived, ideally there would be two sawhorses with a two by four between them, a noose attached to the overhanging limb of a tree and another rope to pull away from the two by four, preferably by car. The victim could be any one of the many women who flock to Miami and Fort Lauderdale During the winter months. Jesus End quote. So This is a man that hates women.


So very much so, so much that This is what he's spending his time writing in notebooks. Yeah. As if anybody is asking him how he does it. The idea of that, the depth of that misogyny and hatred Is the thing that should be talked about. And This is the thing that everybody should talk about more when they're talking, or that should be underlined more when we're talking about true crime. And we're talking about these serial killers, these men that go on and on repeatedly killing women like this. It's, it's a disease. Yeah. It's so funny. You know it's, it goes along with the like question we always get asked or that we always hear of like, why do women love true crime?


And it's like, because it's so often perpetrated against us and we're terrified and want to learn everything we can so we can feel like we have some kind of control over our lives or some kind of power over what could potentially happen. You know, it's not that we're voyeurists who are like You know gawking at something. It's like this keeps fucking happening. and we are so aware of it and it's You know. It's known to us since childhood that potential victims to any fucking misogynist man who has a bad day, You know. Right. And also to a cop. Right? Like and then to someone that would in your community pull over and offer to help you. Right.


That you would assume you could be helped by. Yeah. Your buddy and Yeah. You think he's a great guy and he would never do such a thing and he's married and all this shit, and it's like terrifying. Yeah. So prosecutors are now building a case against John Shafer for the murders of Georgia Jessup and Susan Place. And as they do investigators start looking for links between John's belongings and any open cases involving missing or murdered women in South Florida. And they find them. So investigators recover items belonging to two missing 19-year-old hitchhiker. And their names are Colette Good enough. And Barbara Wilcox. These women were last seen alive in January of 1973, just one week before John started his jail sentence.


Wow. So that time mother fuck, like Out on bond? Yeah. Oh. Oh God. Colette and Barbara's skeletal remains are found by a truck driver alongside a canal in 1977. Oh Wow. So not for a while. Not for a while. And the remains were bound together with wire, and the bodies were missing part of their skulls. So police also find a piece of jewelry belonging to a 14-year-old girl named Mary Brisco. Mary had gone missing while hitchhiking to a restaurant in October of 1972 with her friend Elsie Farmer.


Elsie was just 13 years old. Oh my God. Babies. In January of 1973, shortly after John reports to prison, those girls' bodies are found by construction workers in a large overgrown field, and their remains show signs of horrific torture and mutilation. Then investigators find newspaper clippings about the 1969 disappearance of a local waitress named Carmen Marie Hallick. Soon a dentist will confirm that the gold teeth found a John's mother's house, belonged to Carmen Cock, a woman named Carmen even pops up in one of the most disgusting and disturbing stories from John's.


So-called manuscript. Wow. I'm gonna leave out the details. They're horrible. Yeah. Yeah. But basically in the story, he describes luring an unsuspecting woman by asking her out on a date. Once she accepts this invitation, she meets up with him wearing a black cocktail dress. Carmen Helleck was last seen wearing a black cocktail dress, and her remains have never been found. Police also find a charm bracelet with a name Lee etched into it immediately. Investigators suspect that this bracelet belongs to a 25-year-old woman named Lee Hane. Linein. Bonies like Carmen Lee was reported missing in 1969.


So they had this like string of women missing and like then this guy kidnaps and assaults these two girls who get away and they don't like at no point with someone like, why are all these girls missing? Right. That if it wasn't for Susan and Nancy getting away. Yeah. And like fighting their way out and getting their way. And you're right. And that mom. Yeah. That mom who fucking wrote down I mean. Yeah. What a hero. That was the beginning. That was like truly. Yeah. The, they were like, oh, what's happening here? Yeah, totally. And then suddenly it's like, oh, there's murders every possible place there could be.


It's Like instead of putting the pieces together and solving something, they just had to clean up this mess that they hadn't even realized was on their fucking doorstep. You know. Yeah. And because of that, all these women were horribly murdered. Yes. It's just not fucking fair. And I'm, and I, oh, This is infuriating. Okay. It's definitely infuriating. Also the name Lee Heline, bonies of the name Henline, sounded familiar from the beginning of this story. Gary Hane line was John's next door neighbor and friend who would talk about John murdering things that didn't You know. Oh, songbirds and stuff.


Gary was friends with John Lee was Gary's sister. Whoa. So there was a point in time where John claimed that Lee quote teased him as a child by undressing near her bedroom window. Now it seems much more likely that he was a peeping Tom, which we know is an early indicator of serial killer behavior. Peeping Toms killing animals, Fires Fire in the late, late 1960s. Shortly before she went missing, John had reconnected with Lee and they'd become platonic friends. He occasionally played tennis as a group with Lee and Carmen Helleck, the woman in the black dress.


Fuck. Like he's just like strangers or people I know, whatever. He's just, yeah. So in 1978, a portion of Lee's skull is discovered by hunters and is described as having at least three bullet holes. but it was not conclusively identified as belonging to Lee until 2004. Wow. Yet incredibly, This is not the exhaustive list of victims linked to Gerard. John Schafer, dozens of missing and murdered women in Florida and beyond. And even some men will eventually be connected to him. Wow. So John Schafer's ultimately charged with two homicides, the murders of Georgia Jessop and Susan Place.


And that fact might sound shocking given all this evidence linking him to these other disappearances. But if the problem is, as it always is, that evidence is circumstantial, the bodies of many of John's suspected victims won't be frowned for years, if at all. And prosecutors know it's too risky to bring murder charges against someone when there's no body, especially if that suspect like John Schaefer isn't admitting to any of the crimes. Hmm. That said, prosecutors feel like they have everything they need to secure John's conviction for the murders of Georgia. And Susan. This time John is kept in jail without bond as he awaits trial.


Imagine that As the news spreads about the horrific crimes that he's accused of, orchestrating people across the country, seethe, when the case finally goes to trial, the atmosphere in the courtroom is extremely tense. At one point, the proceedings are abruptly suspended. After a bomb threat is called in at the courthouse, then an anonymous caller threatens the local police saying quote, if the jury does not convict Schafer, the jurors should be shot. End quote. Okay. So people actually did react to what we're reacting to. Yes. I think people reading those stories. Yeah. It's like this system kept saying, don't worry about it. Right. Why don't you, why don't you calm down.


Okay. This don't make such a big deal about it or whatever. Okay. In total, there are six people on this jury, three men and three women, and they are subjected to hours of horrific, devastating details from these crimes, including having to hear from the grief stricken parents of Susan Place and Georgia Jessup, as well as the civilians who found the girls' remains out in the woods. Jesus. Very traumatizing, obviously. Yeah. We don't talk about that much like the PTSD that the jurors on a horrific murder trial are You know Absolutely. Like they're subject to, and what, what they walk away knowing is just life changing.


It seems like I mean, I've said stuff in this that I'm like, there was stuff that was on this page. I'm like, let's just not say it. We just know it's horrible. Right. Those, those people had to listen to every detail like as the police found it. Yeah. See the photos I mean, geez. The jury also hears from Nancy Trotter and Sue Wells Wow. Who actually come back to Florida to testify against John Schaefer. Wow. And then prosecutors present a video reenactment of Nancy and Sue's abduction just to show the jurors what John Schafer is truly capable of and this very special level of violence against women that he was out there trying to practice on anybody who had happened to be walking down the road.


Yeah. But on the advice of his attorneys, John Schafer does not testify. His defense team does its best to wa off the damning evidenced against him in arguably offensive ways. For example, John's lawyers claim the brutal manuscript he'd written is merely their client's exercise in creative writing. And in response to Nancy and Sue's testimony, the defense doubles down on the claim that John was just trying to teach the girls a lesson about the dangers of hitchhiking. Every other piece of evidence or testimony is dismissed as purely circumstantial regardless. In September of 1973, the jury declares Gerard John Schafer guilty on two counts of first degree murder.


According to a journalist who was in the courtroom at the time. John Schafer shows zero emotion when the verdict is read. And then as Patrick Kendrick reports, as the court guards led John out of the courtroom, bombarded by flashbulbs and questions from the press, he smiled into the cameras and quote, John will tell reporters that quote, that's the role of the dice. I had a good defense, but I'm innocent. Okay, Friend. Yeah. Meanwhile, the jurors seem grateful to finally put this horrible murder trial behind them. One member of the jury who asked not to be named tells St. Lucy News Tribune that I just wanna forget about the whole thing now I, hope you understand.


Oh my God. So coincidentally Gerard John Schaefer is convicted one year to the day that Susan Place and Georgia Jessup were last seen alive. Wow. That's fast. Yeah. It is fast a year later. And that fact is not lost on Susan's mom. Lucille, who tells reporters, quote, You know when they brought the verdicts in, it was probably about the exact time he murdered Susan in Georgia last year, end quote. And then on October 4th when John Schaeffer is sentenced to two life sentences, again, Lucille points out the significance of this specific date. She says, it's very ironic, isn't it?


October 4th is Susan's birthday. She would've been 19. Oh My God. Yeah. A poor mother. So just two months after John Schafer begins his prison sentence, his wife Theresa divorces him and in a weird twist, immediately marries his defense lawyer. What? Yeah. What is I man that I wanna hear more about how the fuck that happened? Right. Well you gotta figure this defense lawyers have to give him a, like a fair defense. Yeah. That's what defense lawyers do. Yeah. But he's sitting there going, you were given the purse of one of these victims. Like this isn't, it isn't real.


Yeah. I mean, and And she is a victim too. Absolutely. I mean, I am hoping it's an empathetic connection. I just think it like, it would almost make more sense if she were like, if the, it was with the prosecutor, You know, not the right. In my mind it's like, wow, that's, that seems like a, a trauma bond in some way. Yeah. So meanwhile, John begins to flood the Florida court system with appeals, each of which are summarily rejected. I added the word summarily. I don't know if that's so Smart. No, it sounded perfect. It's, it sounded pretty smart. Yeah. Next, John attempts to sue just about any journalist or public figure who dares to mention his name.


Oh God. And he loses every single one of those legal battles. Come on dude. As the years pass, John Pathetically starts bragging about the number of people he's murdered. He never publicly admits to killing anyone. But at one point he writes to a friend in a private letter, which you're in jail. Yeah. But he writes, quote, I am not claiming a huge number. I would say mine run between 80 and 110 over eight years and three continents. Oh wow. The rest of this quote is him describing and in these details that I don't wanna repeat 'cause they're so disgusting. Like so disgusting.


And basically he's writing it like it's just, Hey, how are you? I'm fine. Like just a regular letter. It's like, like A conversation that's fucking Wow. Horrifying. Wow. And that's such a short period of time too. You know, In eight years. Yeah. And like if that woman hadn't written down that license plate number because he was only going to jail for six months. Yep. He would've been in jail for six months. He would've been right back out. Like literally he would have killed so many more women if, if that woman hadn't written down his license. I hadn't thought really quickly, You know what I'm gonna do real quick, jot this down. Talk about following your gut.


Yeah. In the most important way. Yeah. Which is what would it hurt to write? You can write down a license quickly, but what would it hurt I mean? Just have it throw it away. Yeah. In December of 1995, John Schafer is found dead on the floor of his prison cell. He was stabbed over 40 times. Wow. His killer was a fellow inmate named Vincent Rivera was already serving a life sentence plus 20 years for a double homicide. He got another 53 years for this murder. Ands, unclear why Rivera killed John, although it suspected John was targeted because he was a cop. Right. And or a prison informant and or a serial killer.


Right. Or was fucking the worst fucking person to be around. Yeah. You know he'd been harassed by other inmates who quote, had repeatedly thrown human waste at him and twice set his cell on fire. Wow. Gerard John Schaeffer leaves behind a horrific, despicable legacy of cruelty and hatred and misogyny. And contrary to his claims, it's believed that he killed at least 11 people and as many as 28. Wow. And to this day, investigators are still linking Jane Doe to John Schafer. As recently as June, 2022, a 15-year-old girl named Susan Gale Poole was finally identified through genetic genealogy and is believed to be one of Schaeffer's victims.


Susan went missing from Fort Lauderdale around Christmas of 1972. Oh. Which is in the same window when John was out on bond. Yeah. And saying her mutilated body was found tied to trees off of Florida's a one a highway. And it's easy to believe there are more victims out there that just haven't been located or identified yet. Yeah. And that is the story of the serial killer cop, Gerard John Schafer. Wow. Yeah. That's a fucking heavy one. That's just, that shit sticks with you. Good job Georgia.


I feel like we never take the time to sit and connect anymore. I wanna know what you're thinking about. Okay. Well, at this very moment I'm thinking about cat pee. Okay. Forget I said anything Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. So why wouldn't I be thinking about it all the time? It's amazing. It instantly trapping odors and pretty Litter is ultra absorbent, lightweight, low dust, and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. Pretty Litter can also give you peace of mind. Their crystals will change color to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infections and kidney issues. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean it sounded like a joke, but I am thinking about cat pee a lot because I have three cats and so let's like kind of half my life. But what's cool is that with Pretty litter, I don't have to think about it as much because I don't smell it all the time in my house, which is the worst, worst thing when you walk in your house and you're like, oh my God, I'm a cat pee House person. Pretty litter gets rid of that odor. It helps in so many ways. Pretty litter is amazing. You have to try it. Go to Pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


No Matter how different we are, there's one thing we all have in common stress, it can touch every part of our lives, even causing hair loss. Oh, not me, I'm super chill. Hang 10. That's what I always say. That's right, you do. But for the rest of us, Karen, there's neutrophil. Neutrophil Targets. The root causes of hair thinning and shedding from within. Your hair is never just about your hair. And Neutrophil knows that. It could be about your dating life, your diet, the juggling act that parenting can be finding your rhythm and new routines, or even following your favorite sports team in an intense season. Vince, It could be almost anything that has almost nothing to do with hair. And that's why Neutrophil takes a whole body approach to hair health, addressing the problems inside to help hair grow on the outside With neutrophil. Building a hair growth routine is simple. Purchase online, no prescription or doctor's visits are Required. Free shipping and automated deliveries ensure you'll never miss a day. See results in three to six months. Get To the root of your hair concerns with Neutrophil. I've been taking neutrophil for I would say a couple months now, and I absolutely can see a difference. It seems to me very powerful supplement. It's got a lot of stuff in there. I've also seen my nails improve. Like it's that kind of thing where when you're an older lady and this becomes a concern, you're like, what the hell am I supposed to do? Now, the idea that there's a supplement out there that can get you back on track is very comforting and it's really nice to have Address your root causes of hair thinning with neutrophil, the hair growth routine that keeps up with your life For a limited time. Nutriful is offering our listeners $10 off their first month subscription and free shipping when you go to nutriful.com. And enter promo code murder Nut nutriful.com. Spelled N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com, promo code murder. That's nutriful.com promo code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This podcast is brought to you by Kleenex Ultra Soft Tissues. Yay. It's back to school season. And if you have little ones, You know This is prime time for kid colds. Fortunately, Kleenex has your back just like they have for the past hundred years. And if This is your first year, sending your little one off to school, Kleenex is perfect for those teary-eyed moments too. Ace back to school Prep By starting fresh with Kleenex This back to school season. Kleenex is celebrating a hundred years of facing life's moments together. Kleenex is there for every occasion, and most importantly for this year's classroom comeback For your classroom. Sniffles and surprises. Kleenex, ultra soft tissues are made with three thick layers to comfort skin and help protect hands. Grab Kleenex. America's number one facial tissue brand. Yeah. Yeah.


Well, do you wanna go in a different direction? I'd love to. Would you please take all of us in a totally different direction? Get in my clown car. We're gonna make a fucking ewey and we're gonna talk about the largest burglary in British legal history. How about, let's go there instead, shall we? Great. Perfect. All right, let's talk about a fucking heist. Here we go. So This is the story of the largest burglary in British legal history, and surprising, but also kind of not surprising, notorious old timers who almost pulled it off. Hey, I've seen this movie. Guess who's in it? m Caine. Of course he is.


I'm m Caine. Like you kind of couldn't make this movie unless he agreed to be in it. You know what I mean. Yeah. I hope Judy Dench is also in it. Oh yeah. So This is the story of the 2015 Hat and Garden Safe Deposit Heist. Oh, safe deposit. Safe. Safe. Deposit deposit. Heist story. Oh, yay. Yes. Yay. So sexy. Open those boxes, bitch. Okay. The main sources for the story are an article from The Guardian by Duncan Campbell. An article from Vanity Fair by Mark Seal. And an episode of the podcast, Scotland Yard Confidential. Hmm. And the rest of the sources can be found in our show notes. So it's just after midnight on the morning of April 3rd, 2015.


Or in London. It's the Friday morning going into the Easter weekend, which in the UK is what they call, so Darling Lee, a bank holiday. Oh. Which just means the bank's closed. All the businesses are closed. It's a long weekend. So there's a man named Kelvin Stockwell. He's the main security guard for Hat and Garden Safe Deposit Limited. It's a in London's Diamond District. And Hat and Garden specializes in the safekeeping of jewels, gold and cash. Pretty much anything its customers don't want touched. As we've learned, the customers are mostly other jewelers in the Diamond District. Mm. Because they don't wanna keep their merchandise on display and out at night.


So they tuck it into the security of the safe deposit boxes every night. And it's said that the hat and garden safe deposit is the best security in the area. Hmm. We've heard that before. Very similar to the story in Antwerp that you covered in episode 4 41. Aim for the basement. So Kelvin, the security guard is home in his apartment, locked up the shop for the long weekend at 6:00 PM that evening. Everything should be fine. All the lut is stored in the basement vault lined with safe deposit boxes. The boxes are behind two alarmed iron airlock gates, an 18 inch metal door, 20 inch thick concrete walls and motion sensors inside and out.


So like fucking safe as shit. You know classic Safe deposit box area. Right. So like, I shouldn't even have a story here. That should be the end of it. And no one got in right The end. The end. m Caine. It was a really short movie, but he was great in it. So when Kelvin gets a call from one of the facilities owners saying that he just got a call from the monitoring company that the alarm had been triggered, he's shocked. He gets in the car and heads over. But when he gets to the shop, it's totally normal. Looks like how he left it. There's no sign of forced entry at the door. It's a dark and quiet inside. He calls his boss and he is like false alarm. And then he heads home for the long Easter holiday. So here we are after that long holiday.


It's 8:00 AM on Tuesday, April 7th, Kelvin gets his asked to work. And as soon as he gets downstairs to where the boxes are, he sees that something is very wrong. Hmm. The wooden door that leads to the hallway that leads to the safe deposit boxes is smashed open. Why is it wooden? I don't know. It must be like the, I think it's like the first door to the safe You know To the like hardcore area probably. Right? Yeah. Right. Like an office door almost. You would think. It's almost like you have to ask yourself how safe do all the doors have to be? Right. Right. Just that main safe door should be Right. Like how far out are we talking that you need to go like to the bathrooms? Like I don't Yeah, it's so like it's not on them.


Where Does security end and where does it begin? Exactly. Right. That's a beautiful question. So there's tools, dust hoses, debris and bits of pipe all over the floor. A big mess. The vault door is still closed, but in one of the walls of the vault, there's a gaping hole just wide enough for like a Finnish man to squeeze through. Oh, I know you like to measure things by, can a Finnish man squeeze through how many Finnish men could squeeze through this hole? You Know. Finish. Like from Finland? No, like thin. On the thin side of thin One bass player Thin. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. So those 20 inch concrete walls on all sides of the vault were impenetrable when the vault was built.


We're not talking about today's fucking money. We're talking about 1946 walls. Oh, they had no idea. Which I guess were different somehow. Yeah. I mean you'd think they'd hold You know, but I guess they have like a 50 to 75 year limit of how well of the tools that could be made to break into them. Yeah. Lasers. Wait, laser lasers. What year is it? What year is it now? 2015. Oh yeah. Yeah. Some lasers. There's no way 46 can hold up against 2015. They didn't even know what we were gonna have eventually. Remember you get like, you get vintage clothes and everything is like sized down. Yes. It's like human beings merely 70 years ago were way fucking smaller.


Yeah. Than they are now. Yeah. It's weird. I, I see. I'm always vintage. Shoes are hard. So hard to find because every woman had a size five fucking foot back then. Yes. The waists on most of those dresses. I'm like, well I guess if you have a waist, This is fun. But no, I'm hungry looking at that waist. What the fuck? So actually a 47, a 1947 Finnish man. Right. Be very different than today's. That's so true. So Kelvin bends down and peeks through the hole and a wall of safe deposit boxes has been overturned and is on the ground. And the boxes, inner drawers are stacked all over the floor. There's actually a photo of this that I think we can include in the Oh cool.


Socials. It's a fucking huge mess. And it's clear the vault's been ransacked. Wow. So the press loves this story. Everyone's like kind of impressed by it. 'cause it's like nostalgic, like an old school You know vault break-in. People kind of love that shit. Yeah. Everyone loves a heist. Look. Yeah. You don't want your stuff stolen. But if it's some rich people's stuff that they're just hoarding anyway. Right. Let some Wiley You know, talented Michael King, King fucking motherfucker. Let, if they want it bad enough, let 'em have it. Let a, let a Finnish man have some jewels. Can a finish finish? Man, please, Please.


So like London used to be home to a lot of professional criminals who attempted and often succeeded at crimes like this. Routinely. Like this was a fucking regular thing. But with better technology to deter thefts, better forensic technology. And of course London's intense network of CCTV footage. They love that shit over there. Yeah. This kind of thing doesn't happen much anymore. So everyone, the press and the public eat it up. It takes a while to total up the value of all the stolen goods. but it comes out to be worth in today's money in today's US dollars, $77 million that they stole. Holy Shit. From fucking safe deposit boxes. Worth It. Yeah, but it 'cause it's all diamonds and shit, You know.


Yeah. It's not like ant marjorie's fucking candlesticks. But doesn't it seem like, like even the Antwerp one that we just did wasn't that high? No. No. It felt like it wasn't. But I also can't remember. but it felt like it wasn't that crazy. I feel like because people took their loot, like jewelry stores took their loot every night there instead of like having it in the back of their Oh You know store. It's probably a lot more. Yeah. I don't, but I don't remember. And it makes it the biggest jewel heist in British history. Some people speculate that This is the work of the Pink Panthers. Hey, That's an audacious gang of Jewel Thieves, who we of course know personally, not really personally, but know the story of from Exactly.


Wright's podcast, infamous International, the Pink Panthers story. So go fucking check that out. You like a haste. You're gonna love that series. It's real good. It's Wild. Real good. So the investigation is handed over to London Metropolitan Police's Elite flying Squad, which handles organized crime and major burglaries. And they're called that awesome name because they were formed originally to fly between London's boroughs, not to be tied down to anyone specific borough. So, okay. Cover. Cover the whole damn thing. Because there was no sign of forced entry at the front of the store. Investigators initially believed the burglars had help from an inside figure. They figure out that the thieves had been able to disable two different alarms, but not before one alarm sent a silent signal to the monitoring company, which was the one that Kelvin had checked off and then said it was fine and left.


So when that went off, they were like already in there, basically. Oh yeah. And they just, everyone froze. I think Everyone, yeah, I think they were like, put your drill down, let's freeze and not move and it'll look like a false alarm and then we can keep going. Which is pretty smart. This fucking Must have been so scary on the inside of that. I know. Like Jesus Christ. No sneezing. Investigators can also tell that the robbers access the basement by taking the customer elevator up to the second floor. They just took, took an elevator. They jammed it there and then climbed down through the shaft into the basement where they forced the doors open. Okay. So like the shaft of the elevator wasn't secure. And then from the equipment left, scattered on the floor in the state of the safe deposit boxes, it's clear that the thieves had used sledge hammers crowbar and angle grinders to open the box.


So they just went for it. But before they did that, they had to get themselves into the vault. And police can see exactly how they did that too. Directly underneath the gaping hole in the wall of the vault, the thieves have left behind a highly specialized drill with a diamond bit. How ironic that they use a diamond bit to get to the fucking And they don't take it with them. I Meant they shouldn't. It's a thing of like You know the Tiffany fucking skylight in the house was worth more money than they had in debt. Yes. Like that's, that's like the drill bit. It's actually one of your favorite drill bits. It's called a Hilti DD three 50. You love That one. I love the Hilti. That's the one that I use for my really important heists. Yeah, you always say it's the Porsche of Diamond Bits.


It's kind of annoying. You say a lot. Look, I'm trying to stop. This kind of drill didn't exist when the Hat and Garden Safe Deposit Limited opened in the forties. Like they didn't, they couldn't even fathom this kind of fucking drill bit Somewhere. Maybe sometime in the future when they used the things that are in the boxes to break into the box maybe. But until then, let's not worry about it. I bet they'll remodel this place in the year of 2000. Like we don't need it. It doesn't need to be a hundred years You know. Yeah. They're gonna have flying cars. Yeah. And TVs inside of their eyes. Right. These drills cost several thousand dollars and are used in big construction projects. And basically you can't just pick one up at the hardware store.


So when they tried to trace it, it had been stolen from a construction site just four months prior and only half a mile away from Hat and Garden. So clearly they were like planning this thing. There's footage of the men who took the drill because of CCTV, but you can't tell who they are. When investigators go to look for the CCTV footage from the vault itself, they find that the company's hard drive had been ripped straight outta the wall. Oh. And all the footage from the safe deposit company is gone, but footage from neighboring businesses is available. And as it starts to come in and investigators start to piece together what happened? So here's what happened. Just after 8:00 PM on the night of Thursday, April 2nd, a white van pulls up outside the safe deposit building.


Three men get out all dressed like construction workers in yellow vests. So like so smart. If someone were like walking down the street, they'd be like, these are are workers are supposed to be here. I feel like those yellow vests are probably good to have around no matter what Yellow vest and a ladder like you can get in anywhere. Right. And maybe, and maybe some of those big kind of two big gloves You know. Yeah. That are like working workman's gloves that almost no one has, but Like leather ones. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. It's only 8:00 PM So there are passers on the street, but none of them give them a second glance. They just look like they're supposed to be there. So two of the men walk past the main entrance and one of them holding a big bag on his shoulder is blocking his face. He opens the door with, seems like with a key like almost seems like there's more information here than they get, but like maybe there is an inside person.


I don't know. So that man goes to the back of the building and lets the others in through the fire exit and the men walk through a hallway that was shared with another business and they were picked up on that business's security footage. I think they thought it was part of the bank one. And so they didn't try to hide themselves. Hmm. So the footage shows a, a total of six men all disguised as workers all with their faces covered by dust masks immediately. Police notice that This is not the Pink Panthers first of all because those guys are like young and fun. Right. They're young, they're fun. They do things to get like CCTV footage to go viral. Right. They're not trying to hide anything. No, No. And also these robbers seem old.


Oh. The exposed skin, they can see looks wrinkly and there are flashes of white hair. Some of them are moving slowly, like they're seemingly in pain as you do when you're fucking older. Hey, One of them is having breathing difficulties while he brings in bags of heavy tools through the fire exit. And there's also the one who entered through the front door is also wearing a red wig. So by 9:00 PM the robbers are inside the building and are no longer visible on this one camera. They reappear at 8:00 AM on Friday morning. So that's how it took 'em like 12 fucking hours to do what the, the mess they made to do that. Oh, okay. Yeah. But the thing is, when they show back up at 8:00 AM they're empty handed. They don't have any of the equipment they brought in.


Nor do they have any bags of loot of $77 million worth of loot You know. Which is probably a lot. The investigators keep scrubbing through the footage. And when they get to the night of Saturday, April 4th, the night before Easter, they discover that this audacious gang of seemingly old dudes come back to the scene of the crime that fucking following sat like that following night. Which like does not happen. Professionals do not do that. No, no. That's what serial killers do. Yeah. So actually only four men come back and it appears that two out of the gang decided it was too risky to come back. So only four guys come back. The investigators figure out that the thieves hadn't had the right kind of equipment that they needed to knock over a wall of the safe deposit boxes that was against the concrete they had drilled through.


So they come back with a more specialized hydraulic pump to finish the job. So they hadn't gotten their loot yet. And they're like, we can, we did all this work. They Had to leave, go get a different tool and come back. And it took them from when they left Friday morning to like Saturday evening to get that tool. Like Jerry, if you could call me back. Yeah. This is actually pressing. I do not, I really don't. I know it's Easter. I know you're having your, what do they call it? Your, You're having your bank holiday with your family. Yeah. But if I could just borrow that diamond head drill bit. Right. So on the footage from that night, they're finally seen leaving with garbage pails and garbage bags, presumably full of diamonds, jewels, gold and cash that are had been, that had been stored and then now empty safe deposit boxes.


So they got what they came for. They got it two nights ago. But the biggest break from this second wave of footage comes when investigators see street footage of two of the burglars arriving back on the scene in a white Mercedes, not the white rental van from the first night. Of course London has an automatic plate recognition system, blah, blah blah. They're able to track the car, they track it and they find it parked in front of a nondescript house and they're floored when they see who comes out of it. I literally have seen this movie. Have you really? Yeah. Yeah. Holy shit. You know I love the British and their entertainment. Of Course you have. So the Hat and Gardens heist You know it feels like a throwback to a different era in London crime.


And that's because It is the man police see going back and forth to the Mercedes with all the loop that they track down. You know in that house turns out to be a career criminal named John Collins who goes by Kenny. And guess how old he is? The first number that popped in my head was 76, 77. Oh shit. Shit. Good one. Shit. 77. That's like my dad's age. Right. It might be because I saw the movie. Oh right. Well yeah, but that's a weird specific thing to, or how old is it? m Caine? I don't know. Oh, I'm m Caine. He's not Michael. I love Do It Again. I'm m Caine. Thank You. I don't think we gave you enough credit when you, It's not good at all.


No, it's pretty good. I'm literally, it's it's an impression of somebody else's impression basically. Right. Okay. But we get it. Thanks. So he's not played by m Caine, he goes by Kenny and police have long assumed him to be retired from fucking doing shit like this. 'cause he's 77. Kenny Collins had been involved with robberies going back to the 1960s. He'd been in and outta jail lots of times over the years. But he'd been out since 1988. And as investigators follow Collins around London, he leads them right to his accomplices. And it's a veritable who's who of London's most infamous heists. Yes. It's Like they're trying to make a movie. Seriously. Yeah. They were trying to keep m Caine in business. That's right.


I I think went to him first and like, if we do this and pull this off and then get caught, will you play me? Yeah. Will you please help us get the movie made? Right? He's like, yes, This is great. Get the movie made and then we'll do the highest. Okay. So at a pub Collins meets up with a 76-year-old man named Brian Reader and that's who m Caine plays. And maybe that's why you thought he was 76 Karen. I'm m Caine. I was. Right. So this guy Brian Reeder is a legend. He had been involved with the robbery of a Lloyd's bank in 1971, which he was never caught for. He had lived on the lamb in Spain's coast Del Soul for many years taking advantage of a lapsed extradition agreement between the UK and Spain.


I'm sure it was the most beautiful time of his life. Right. For real. And after returning to London, he was ultimately nabbed in the 1983 Brinks matte robbery in which thieves robbed gold bullion that would currently be worth about $150 million from a warehouse. Jesus Christ. Yeah. It was while he was serving time for these bullon capers through the nineties, that reader is said to have first hatched the plan for the Hatton Garden Heist. But he didn't wind up following through until decades later after his wife Lynn died of cancer. Oh. And some people think that he was mostly motivated just by grief or boredom and maybe the desire to pull off one last job.


He was like kind of fuck it All. Yeah. Like Lynn was like, I need you to stand the straight and narrow. And he is like, gotcha. And he did. And then she passed and he was like, what's it all worth? Also, I swear to God, I think when you start doing stuff like that, I can only compare it to like going on stage in front of a bunch of people. Oh yeah. But you just, the adrenaline becomes its own thing. Totally. Where it's like you want a shot of that again. You want to like get that feeling again. Hell yes. Nothing will ever match it. So police figure out that the first guy, Kenny Collins, who is not in great health, posted up at an office building across the street from Hat and Garden and acted as a lookout.


And they also figure out that Brian Reeder was one of the two men who did not return to the scene of the crime to finish the job. That could possibly be because he was 76 and carrying a bunch of heavy fucking loot out of a You know might not be his the best idea For him. Do you think it threw his back out? He could have Thrown his it It sparked his gout. Exactly. So the flying squad You know the policemen follow Collins to another pub where he meets up with two other men. These men two are familiar to the investigators. One is a 67-year-old named Terry Perkins. He's known for the 1983 Security Express robbery where he and others robbed cash from an armored car.


Like it's so funny. It's like these are like the the who's who of this thing. They're Like the basketball champions from high school and it's like they're from the Remember the championship where they played this guy? Exactly. Exactly. Heist championships. And it's tempting to think that these are all lovable, like working class heroes and You know in many ways. But they did hurt people, I will say in the security express robbery, the group poured gasoline on the driver and shook a bottle of matches in his face until he gave them the keys. Mm. Very traumatizing. Yes, Very traumatizing. They didn't set fire to him though. These three robberies, Lloyds Bank Brink, Matt and Security Express are among the most infamous in British history. So it's just like, let's get the gang together.


Yeah. Like Olympic style though. Yeah. Being a grandpa isn't doing it for me. Right. I need More understandable. Yeah. The other man at the pub with Collins and Perkins is a 59-year-old named Daniel Jones. Jones doesn't have the same like You know lengthy criminal history or pedigree, but he is younger and in better health and investigators are pretty sure that he's there to do any heavy lifting that the older men couldn't do. And I mean This is such a guy. Richie fucking plot of a movie. Yeah, I was gonna say that younger guy sounds like a, that's where R Jason Statham gets to come in and help the oldies. Yes. That is generous though.


Let's just say In what way? They just Look like dads. They look like British dads. You know what I mean. Like except for the, except for the Michael Kang guy who is hot. Like they're just British. Pasty. They're British dads dads. That's all. All the better. Yeah. They're very normal looking people. Okay. So, And I also love that like we meet someone younger to carry shit. Let's get a 58-year-old, 59-year-old You know. It's like that shows you like what, how bad. How bad they were. No sham against 59 year olds. I just like, I'm 44 and my back hurts. So like You know. Yeah. It's not, you get a 28-year-old, not a 50 fucking whatever year Old. And also they were like, can you help me with this email?


And he was like, no, I actually can't. I can't. You're gonna have to ask your granddaughter. Right. There's a fifth man that they find out was involved. He's a 58-year-old named Carl Wood. And he like Jones was relatively youthful. So he was also tasked with carrying heavy equipment and he also didn't return to finish the job. So it was just the four men. As for the sixth man, the one who wore the red wig, his identity continued to elude police. When police first hear the other five men talking, they refer to him as Basil. Seems like they don't even know his identity, which is so usual suspects of him. You know Basil, Scotland Yards, surveils the men, they put cameras on them and shit and they learn.


Terry Perkins, Danny Jones and Kenny Collins are planning to meet on May 19th to divide up their spoils. Like they talk, they talk like fucking school girls about this shit with like no, no thought that maybe we're being recorded by the police. And also they have no idea that WhatsApp even exists. They can't do it anywhere else besides like on the phone or Right at a pub. They like go to the pub. They always go to put a camera in there and record them. It's just like, Aw. Not complex. They love their pubs over in England. They really do. Amen. Okay. So on May 19th, 200 officers raid 12 different addresses with warrants to arrest the five known burglars and three other men who worked with them after the fact.


Police find Terry Perkins, Danny Jones and Kenny Collins. Like the man guys together at a dining room table with a gold smelter set on it and about $4 million worth of gold between them about to fucking burn that shit down and sell it. Yeah. Make little rings. Fun necklaces. Best. They're all making best fun necklace charms. Aw. Oh, I love Heisting with you. Best Heister. What a heist it's been. So basically everyone gets arrested and the five men are charged along with the three accomplices and Brian Reeder, Danny Jones, Terry Perkins and Kenny Collins all plead guilty.


They're pretend. They first pretend that they don't know each other and then they show them the video of them at the pub drinking together. And it's like, okay. They're all sentenced to between six and seven years in prison. Three out of the four men, including Carl Wood, are later found guilty. As for Basil, this mysterious six man, he evades law enforcement for another three years with about $15 million worth of stolen goods. Nice. And which is about two thirds of the spoils. So he goes and has some fucking fun. Was Basil an inside man? I wonder like why did he get so much money? I don't know. I think they were like, some of them were holding onto it 'cause they were in the process of splitting it up and doing things with it. Sure. So like I'll Hold this big bag over here.


Right. Let's, let's leave this one for last. Yeah. Calls the police Grabs the bag. Right. So finally in 2018, a 57-year-old man named Michael Seed is arrested. Police find hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of jewels in gold bricks in the apartment that he lives in in London as like not far away, as well as an electric smelter. And he's ultimately convicted. He's Basel by the way. He's ultimately convicted and sentenced to 10 years in prison and seven more if he doesn't repay 6 million pounds in damages, which is about $8 million today. So what would you take seven years? Or you have to pay six.


You gotta keep that $8 million. But didn't he have 15? Doesn't that leave him with 7 million? Yeah. Well I bet he spent a shit ton of it. Right? Still It's millions of dollars. It's A lot of dollars. Like left him was seven and he spent four. He still has 3 million bills. Yeah. I think we all know no one with money. No. Goes To jail staying there. There. That's the whole thing. That's why everybody wants money. Yeah. We've been trying to teach everyone that for eight and a half years. It's I mean. I also, that's why it, it'll, this system has to change. Right. Because it's a fucking scam. It's just not fair. It's just not fair. So Hat and Garden Safe Deposit Limited has since, sadly, for everyone gone outta business.


But a plan is in the works to move the entire preserved crime scene of the basement vault, which we have the photo of to a museum that people can actually go visit. Yes. Good idea. Which is just such a mess. It's some, it's an OCD person like Myself's Worst nightmare. I mean, it's not something I wanna look at. You know. I want to, The story of the Heist has been adapted into two different movies with one with m Caine of course, and a limited series. And that is the story of the Hatton Garden Heist, the largest burglary in British legal history and a real life. One last job for a crew of notorious thieves. I mean they actually were imitating art because obviously I never believed that one last heist really existed in real life.


Yeah. That seemed like a bit of a construct, but now we know it actually did happen recently. Do You think that all of them, especially Brian Reader, who was played by m Caine would do it all over again because he got to be played by m Caine. Like that is Fuck yes, an honor. An honor to be played by m Caine. You did something with your life to the degree, right. That Michael Kane's getting involved in telling others about it. Yeah. Maybe his late wife Lynn is looking down from heaven being like, you, you cheeky so and so You know. I love it when you break the law, baby. Yeah, no, she's the one that wanted him to stop.


I know she'd be like you son of a bitch. But he He did it. He waited until She was, he did. Wait was fun. You know. But that would piss her off even more. Right? 'cause she's like, well that's just manipulative. Get Now I'm doing an Irish accent. That doesn't make sense. That was a beautiful button of You. know what? You are never too old. Come on guys. You never Too old. Yeah. One last in you. One last. What in you? There's a lot of people sitting around, they're like, oh no, I'm 41 blue, blah blah. Well, what about Michael Kane's friend? I'm m Caine, who fucking filmed a movie M Caine who is still active on Twitter. God bless his soul. We should all strive to be a little more like m Caine.


I agree. I agree. Thanks for listening to this episode, this long ass episode. This is one of those episodes that's gonna get you on a nice, like a car trip or something. Oh my God. A hundred percent. But only if you're by yourself or around someone That is absolute that got you into this podcast. Right? No new people. No. Like even your dog maybe shouldn't listen to this. No. Being bossy with your boyfriend and being like, you have to let, this isn't one of those. This Isn't his. This isn't for him. Oh, wait a second. We're saying it at the end when it doesn't matter. It's too late. Guys, you behind Us. Thanks for being here with us. We love you. We do stay sexy And don't get murdered.


Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This Has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow The show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder and Twitter at my fave murder. Bye bye.