
This is exactly right. I am Kate Winkler Dawson, a journalist, author, and podcast host. And I'm Paul Holes, a retired investigator with experience solving some of America's most notorious cold cases. Together we host Buried Bones, a historical True Crime podcast on the exactly right network. Each week. We examine a different case from history and use our years of experience and 21st century forensics to bring new insights into these very old tragedies. Like the time the Sausage King of Chicago's wife went missing in 1897. Don't miss new episodes every Wednesday. Follow buried bones wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, Hello And. Welcome To My favorite murder D'S Georgia. Hard stark. That's Karen Kil Gareth. Here we are in the studio In the same damn room together. God, it feels good. We're filming this for real this time. Yeah. No one's acting weird. Everyone's being super, super normal and natural. I'm so normal and natural. I Feel like. So at home, Sitting up straight, sitting Up and using gestures and being on camera, We are surrounded by some merino art, which I fucking, I'm so happy for. So great. Yes. Aaron Brown went through boxes and boxes of things that were in our storage unit. Yeah. And found all of the treasures that we have been keeping over the years.


Yeah. This is like vintage, MFM listener art. Yeah. And people live show people that were like, I embroidered this. I made my grandmother embroider this id, Whatever. Right. Here's my insane, incredible talent that I do on the side about it for you. So, yeah. That I made you present of. Yeah. Just send yours in too, because we wanna start putting, putting the shit on the wall. You can see the videos on Instagram and TikTok probably of what we, I don't know of what we're, What we're gonna do. Yeah. Oh, we have big plans. So many Plans And schemes. Schemes. How are you separately in your personal life? Oh, from Separate, from Off camera. Oh yeah. Can I sit for real?


I, how am I? I am Okay. I shushed a girl at a coffee shop. Dunno where that came from. I guess that's the new me. What, how reenact what was happening. Okay. It's this darling little new coffee shop in my neighborhood. It's so pretty. I get my matcha latte because that's the thing. Gotta get those adaptogens, get, take a seat to like, do some work. And there's like a bunch of people, not a ton, but like tables are taken in this little courtyard. People chatting, people working. And then I know everything about her. This real estate agent who knows a lot about FICO scores. Uhoh, I know this because she was talking so loud on her phone.


Yeah. That I know everyone's fucking business that she's working with. Yes. And it was so irritating. I put on my headphones and put on music And you could still Hear And I still hear her. No. So I just waved at her and sh put my FII was Janet, I was my mom. I fucking said, shh, you're really loud with a smile on. But I mouthed that and she like, You know, did the real estate smile and wave and stopped talking on her phone? Did she stop I mean? I, I think that was a totally appropriate response. And o obviously effective. Yeah. Like if she were talking to her friend who was there that loud, I wouldn't care. Right. 'cause that's what you do. Yes. But don't take your fucking phone calls at a public place that's like, not take, that wouldn't take make, she was making them And then kind of like, it was a performative phone call.


Right. Time and It is personal. Yeah. That's not Good. Is that okay? I shushed a girl and I liked it. That's what I keep saying. Well, also to, to make that decision. It's bothering you. So it's building up. Yeah. So then it feels like a really big deal. Yeah. But what you actually did was very polite. I smiled the whole time. I did it friendly. But it's also basically saying, hey, because sometimes when you're on the phone, I do it a lot where like I'm in my car on the phone, and then I just walk into probably TJ Maxx on the phone. And you don't make the adjustment because you have the people in your ears. Right. So you think you're being quiet and you are absolutely not. Yeah. Being quiet. So she needed that help. Yeah. I don't know. It felt good in the moment.


Did it? It felt like, it felt like what? An older, like a grownup, like This is grownup Georgia would do. Right. Instead of just seething and sitting there seething Or just snapping. Right. I would never snap. No, no, no, no. I'm so polite. I would her never Throwing your matcha right into her face. The same sna cell houses. It was an ice match. So it'd just be like double weird. Just be kinda uncomfortable. Just sticky. Just Odd. What's up with you? But I, I honestly like, don't know, there's a lot of like going home after work and watching the same show, going to sleep, waking up at the same time. Here's what's up with me. That's what life is. It's kind of life. But I need to be sprinkling. Yeah. And other things.


Yeah. Like even going to a cafe. Yeah. But I will tell you this, and I've done this now over five times. After I eat dinner and I'm watching some tv, I'm like, You, know what I want. Watching some tv. tv. Bring That up. Not tv. I think to myself, I'd like some frozen yogurt and I'm gonna have it delivered to my house. And then I pick it and it's so expensive. It's, you're, it's idiotic. I should just get in my car and go spend $5 or $7 instead of 1930 Or 30. Ridiculous. It's fucking crazy. But what I do is then go to sleep, and then at one 30 in the morning, open my front door and get melted frozen yogurt, Throw it away.


You still do it. And then you fall asleep. Then I fall asleep. And then you throw it. You can You know. You can refreeze that shit. Right. I don't want to, it's now it's skunked. Yeah. Skunked frozen yogurt. But I've done it enough times where like the last time I did it, I was like, you literally, you're not allowed to do this anymore. What's Your order? Like what's your go-to Chocolate? Even if they have Dutch chocolate. Yeah. Like a dark chocolate frozen yogurt with peanut butter. Frozen yogurt. Oh Yeah. This is a minchi special. Yeah. And then Reese's peanut butter cups on the top. Fucking perfect. So it's Like a true treat that I'm like, I want it and I deserve it. Deserve it, deserve it. And then here we are at one 30, Throw in some of those fucking animal cookies. The pink and white animal cookies.


Oh, that they, I, I think they have them. I bet they do. Fucking gourmet. That's a Great idea. And then let it Mel, and then don't eat it. And Then go outside at 2:00 AM That sucks. It's disappointing. But then like after the third time I did it, I'm like, This is your problem. Yeah. And you're Like, that's a pattern. It's A pro. It's a real problem. And really embarrassing. Tell us what TV show you're falling asleep to. King Of the Hill. What? King of the Hill. There's 13 seasons on Hulu. And This is, This is like, like blowing my mind of this Doesn't compute with the you that I know. Do you Think I hate Texas? 'cause you're wrong. I love Texas. It's not a, like, it's not a judgment on your personality. I'm just, I would've never guessed that.


Well, so here's the thing. I always liked it and I love the people that are on it and love everything Mike Judge does, obviously. But I was like looking for, I was just like, I just want some comedy and something I don't have to think about. So I started watching it and then I realized It is so well written. So smart. Probably. Right? So smart. The jokes are so funny. The characters are so real that, and I was like, and now I have 12 more seasons of This. There's an alien in it, right? That character. No, that's, you're thinking of a different show. Oh, right. You know what I am. I am. Because you're like the the talking dog. That's what It is. What's their gimmick? Nope. These are, it's like a real family, but there's a talking dog, Right?


No, that's family guy. What the fuck is wrong with me? American Dad, family guy. King of the Hill. Okay. I'm there. I'm there with you Now. King of the Hill is, I'm With you. Kathy Na. Jimmy plays Peggy Hill. Yeah. Pamela Adlon plays Bobby the son. Yes. Toby Huss plays every other kid character. Okay. I am here with you now. It's So good. I've arrived. Sorry. There's a little rose in this coffee mug. Do what you gotta do. Totally honest. Do do what you gotta do to get through this video. This Exactly Right Media coffee mug. Mm. That's fun. That's a good, like a pick me up. I feel like I'll do that with The Simpsons. Yes. Sometimes. Yes. I know which one. That one is too. That one. I know. The one with a cat that has special powers.


The one with, it's an alien, but it eats cats. That one. Yes. You Know. Yeah. A classic. I just finished a listening to a book called The Women by Kristin Hannah. And it's about this woman who goes to the Vietnam War as a nurse. But the whole book is really about the women who were in Vietnam in different capacities. Yeah. And are never acknowledged. And this one woman's like journey through being a sheltered girl in a suburban town as a nurse going to fucking Vietnam. Yeah. And then coming home and what that was like. And that part really opened my eyes in a way that like, I'm ready to have a conversation with my mom and stepdad in a way that I haven't had before About what happened during that time.


Yeah. Yeah. Like there's a lot of stuff I didn't understand. And You know. He, my stepdad was in Vietnam. And I have questions like I did, I I kind of understand their trauma a little more now. Yeah. And it's a great, a great Book. That sounds amazing. Yeah. The Women. Alright. Should we do a little business? Yeah. So we have a podcast network. It's called Exactly Right. Media. Here are some highlights This week over on Buried Bones, Kate and Paul Head to an English bog in 1983, where the discovery of human remains leads experts to consider how the environment may have played a role in the clay. Don't worry, you're just on camera. The clay. We Need to have bloopers, right? Absolutely.


Eventually. Once. Once. Because that one was so Hilarious, so good. I said The place, the place for Christ's sake, where the discovery of human remains leads experts to consider how the environment could have played a role in that case. If you're into bogs, I covered the Linda woman in episode 2 94 of this very show on September 30th, 2021. I feel Like our listeners can't get enough of bogs. They're mysterious and they also preserve Yeah. Bodies. Fascinating. I wanna listen to this writer and producer, Molly McNerney joins Bridger on, I said, no gifts this week. Don't miss your chance to get tickets to his live show in Brooklyn on October 13th. It's gonna be so much fun.


If you're not a New Yorker, you can live stream it. My God. Technology check at. I said no gif on Instagram for tickets and guest information, And then over on, do you Need a Ride? Hey, Chris and I hit the drive through with actor, comedian and John Millhiser. Nice. and we wanna thank everyone who pre-ordered the go Fuck Yourself mugs last week. We love, we're so excited about them. This week, the MFM Merch Store is all stocked up with a true classic. You can find the, here's the thing, fuck everyone. Like Karen's czi, we have sweatshirts and the Vanishing Ink mugs, which I think is one of our most popular items that we've had where you put hot coffee in it and it says, fuck everyone. Yes, it's perfect. Right?


Yeah. That's one where you have to really watch it at work. Yeah. Be careful. Lastly, This is a reminder for listeners who like to shop. We have promo codes for all of our advertisers available online on our website. So you will never miss them. You just go to My favorite murder dot com slash promos. If you're thinking of getting What piece of furniture article? I just used ours for Quince Did, you? Yes. I use ours. Why not, right? Yeah. Yeah. Get in there. Yeah. So the codes are there, like the ones we say really fast in the ads that you fast forward through. You can now go to My favorite murder dot com and find them. Yep. Let 'em know we sent you.


Well, Karen, we did it. We survived the summer. Oh my God. There's just so many people I want to thank for getting me to this moment, and If you too are ready to upgrade From Hot Dogs to Real Meals, home Chef has your back. Whether You prefer classic meal kits with pre-portioned ingredients and easy instructions or quick microwave meals. Home Chef has you and the entire family. Covered Home Chef provides fresh ingredients and chef design recipes conveniently delivered to your doorstep. To simplify your cooking experience, home Chef has over 30 options a week and serves a variety of dietary needs so you don't have to worry about what to make ahead of time. Plus, they roll out 18 fresh options every week, like one Pan steak quesadillas or truffle Parmesan risotto. That Sounds so good. Not only is it convenient, but it's economical. Two home chef customers save an average of $86 per month on groceries. So I got home Chef delivered on Monday, and I did this really great thing they have, which is like in between making the full meal and throwing something in the microwave. It's kind of like a one sheet pan thing that you put everything together in it, throw it in the oven. It's all cooked at different times, but it makes total sense and it's completely easy. And it's just like exactly what I want for a weeknight and it tastes amazing. It was miso salmon with broccoli on the side. Like, I'm so healthy. Can you believe it? I mean that's kind of incredible all on one pan. So for a Limited Time Home chef is offering our listeners 18 free meals plus free dessert for life. And of course, free shipping on your first box. Go to home chef.com/mfm. That's home chef.com/mfm for 18. Free meals plus free dessert for life. You heard It right home chef.com/mfm. You must be an active subscriber to receive free dessert. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This podcast is brought to you in part by Squarespace. Fall Is all about fresh starts. And if you've been thinking about launching that passion project, now is the time. Whether It's an online shop for your fall inspired recipes or a portfolio to showcase your pumpkin photography, Squarespace has everything you need to build a stunning site. They Make creating and managing a website easy and intuitive. With Squarespace Blueprint, you can build a custom website fast. You can also upload and organize video content in your library. There's even an option to add a paywall if you are hoping to monetize. Plus, The Squarespace payment process couldn't be easier. And in eligible countries, you can offer buy now, pay later options. And now Squarespace's New and improved SEO tools will help you connect to the right audience fast. Don't let managing a complicated website hold you back from growing your business and reaching your customers. Go To Squarespace dot com for a free Trial and when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace Dot com slash murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


And I'm first. Yeah. Everyone breathe. Okay. So I'm gonna tell you a story today that I found after I saw a really disturbing photograph that comes from it. It's at the end of the story, and then I found the story and it's wild. So it's one of many stories that are described as New York's crime of the century. You know, and it takes place in the twenties. So it's just classic. It's also the story that the 1940s noir film Double Indemnity is based on. Yes. You know that one. Oh yeah. Okay. So This is the story of the murder of Albert Snyder. Okay. I didn't realize that movie was based in a true story. It's true.


They probably say it at the beginning and I just don't remember. But I did go through like a noir movie. Black and white movie did. Definitely was related to drugs in the nineties. Yeah. It's drugs are a guy you wanna impress You know. Yeah. And you just sit there. We just sat there and watched like black and white movies all day. Yeah. But man, they're good. They're so good, so good. The main source for this story is reporting from the time in the New York Times. And the rest of the sources can be found on our show notes. Okay. So it's seven 30 in the morning on Monday, March 20th, 1927. And we're in Queens Village, New York, which is a suburban neighborhood in Queens on the Long Island border. I'm pointing to it as if I fucking have any idea. Yeah, You're like, it's here.


It's over here. Right Here. A 9-year-old girl named Lorraine Snyder is awakened by a pounding on her bedroom door. Lorraine opens the door to a horrifying site. Her mother, Ruth is bound on the floor with a gag in her mouth, and Ruth tells her to go to the phone and call the neighbors, and the neighbors call the police and come over to help Ruth, whose hands and feet have been bound with picture wire. And when they get there, they see that the house has been ransacked. The drawers are open and emptied. That kind of burglary look. Yeah. Ruth tells the neighbors that she had been unconscious and that she had just come to, and that she's afraid for her husband. Albert, saying that she doesn't know what happened to him after she was knocked out and she doesn't know where he is.


So the neighbors open Ruth's bedroom door and see a pile of blankets and sheets on Albert's twin bed, and they have visible bloodstains. Oh. And they pull back the linens. And there is Arthur's body, the New York Times reports quote. There were two great gashes in his head, drawn tightly around his throat and tied was a strong picture wire. Two patches of skin had been torn from his neck where a powerful hand had gripped it. Oof. End quote. So it's a grizzly. When Ruth sees this, she's in the room. She screams at the side of his body. So the police get to the Snyder house quickly, and Ruth tells them her story. She says, the night before the family had been at a bridge party, like a bridge game, and they got home around midnight and mentions that Albert had gotten into an argument with another man at the party.


And then she says that around one or two in the morning, her husband was already asleep, and that she heard a floorboard squeak and going outside to investigate, she saw one man and heard another. She says one of the men grabbed her by the throat and hit her over the head. And that's the last thing she remembers. And Ruth describes both her attackers, I'm not sure if she saw them both, but she describes them as quote two giant Italians. That's racist. Yeah. Which is just like, how dare you, It Is, it's like a pattern of let's blame someone. Let's Blame somebody. Let's Blame the immigrants. Right? Here we go. Sure. The police, to their credit, immediately think Ruth's story is fishy. A doctor comes to the house, can't find any kind of injury on Ruth's head that would account for her being unconscious for several hours.


Mm. Like that'd be a hard hit. Right? Yeah. You'd think you get a little lump. Yeah. Right. And then when police search the house with Ruth's help, they discovered that Albert's wallet with $110 inside is missing in today's money. $110. This is the thirties you said? 27. 27. Oh, that's gonna be $500. This is how much money he has in his wallet. 3,500. What? Yeah, $110. We'll get you 3,500 of whatever the fuck you want today. Isn't that crazy? What's he doing? What does he need that kind of cash for? I Don't, well, you don't have credit cards probably back then, right? Oh, that's Right. Do they? No. And the bank's always closed. Right? So some of Ruth's jewelry is also missing.


But very shortly after that, the police find the jewelry underneath Ruth's mattress. Hmm. So Ruth tells the police so that she forgot. She put them in there. She forgot. She put the stolen jewelry under her mattress. Oh, it hadn't been stolen. She had put it there like the day before or whatever. Right. Which is like You know how you do. But it would seem that she would point out it was stolen and then they would find it and then she'd be like, oh, that's right. Yes. I'm lying. Essentially. Yes. Ruth is taken to the municipal building for questioning. And while she's being questioned, she faints several times for For dramatics More than once. Yeah. Okay. I mean probably so easy back then to like just have a fainting spell. Yeah. Well Get outta whatever the fuck you were in it's 'cause of those girdles.


Oh, right. 27 or it's because you're faking it. I mean combo. Yeah. Easy to fake it when you're girdled up. Jesus. It takes a few hours, but eventually the truth begins to come out. Ruth begins to talk about the trouble in her marriage with Albert, who is 11 years older than her at 43, which at the time is like ancient. Yeah, right. 'cause everyone died when they were 52. Exactly. She said quote, he was just the opposite of what I am. I am young and I like to go out to parties and I have a good time and dance. He liked to stick around the house. End quote. Then why'd you marry him, Ruth. Exactly. Yeah. That's on you, right? Well, police are searching the house. They find Ruth's checkbook. And in there there's a record of a check made out to a man named Judd Gray.


So back at the building where Ruth is being questioned, police ask her casually, what about Judd Gray? These people man. And she gasps and says quote, did he confess? Oh. Oh, She's bad. Yeah. Under the mattress, you're hiding your stolen jewelry. Repeated faints, which is the fakest thing you could be doing. No hit on the head. Yeah. Like girl, the police had just wanted to know who he was. But now this whole story comes out in short order. Ruth admits that she had been carrying on an affair with Judd. He was a married corset salesman from New Jersey. Hey. Sounds sexy, right? Oh wait. Oh my God. I'm like, they don't do corsets anymore. Anyways, this person in the story that I've definitely read before, It's 'cause I used the less GI sexy version.


Girdle. Girdle is what my grandma used to call it. Yeah. So she had been having an affair with him, and she's like, he planned and carried out the whole thing. It's all on him. Sure. So she tells him where to find him and in his hotel, and they bring him in and he quickly turns on Ruth. After hearing that she has confessed and blamed him, of course, points the finger back at her. And he basically tells the same story about the affair and the murder. But this time saying she was the mastermind of the whole thing. Oh. So it's like a real quick switcheroo. That's how You know it's true love when you both, so you Turn on each other, both Just accuse each other of everything. Drop of A hat. Oh my God, ma'am. This is a Burger King. My husband Did it. He did it ju It's all Judd's fault.


So Ruth had met her 11-year-old or husband Albert when she was 19. He was an art editor at your favorite magazine. Your favorite publication. Harper's Bizarre Motor Boating Magazine. What? But now would you think Not that, oh, you dirty. Well, what? It's not my fault. I didn't make it up. Not That kind. You dirty. You Dirty Bird. It Says, Allie put in here in parentheses a respectable publication about motorboats. She knew before I did. How you, what You're Like. I was set up. I was framed. And she was a secretary at Cosmopolitan.


Both magazines were Hearst Publications. So they worked in the same building. They met, they married after about a decade of marriage. Ruth was restless. She went by the nickname Gay Tommy, because she was known for her love of nightlife and parties. Gay Tommy. Shoot, it's gay. Tommy. Yeah. It's like Party Girl Ruth. but it, I guess was more it. It was more like, I don't know, slangy back then. Tommy. Me. Yeah. Yeah. And Albert, as we said, likes to stay home. He's an older dude. I get it. Sure. It's exhausting. I mean. Absolutely. but It I mean as a person who Who doesn't leave home. Yeah. In 19 25, 2 years before the murder, Ruth had been at a restaurant in Manhattan when a friend introduced her to a man named Judd.


As I said, he was a corset salesman. And it sounds salacious and sexy, but he was just kind of a pretty normal quiet guy. He has a family in the New Jersey suburbs and at the time they meet, Ruth is 30, Judd is 32. So they have more in common, I guess regardless. He and Ruth have an in media attraction and one thing leads to another. They begin an affair. They meet regularly at the Waldorf Astoria. Classy. So classy. And the hotel staff sees 'em so frequently that they know their pet names for each other. Oh, Ruth calls Judd Bud Grants. So yeah. Good. And Judd calls Ruth. Okay, ready for this one? Moie. Oh, Mom Z.


Okay. I'm sure it means something else, but it sounds very MOM Mom, SIE. Wow. Okay. So by 1927, the affair has been going on for two years and Ruth and Judd hatched the fucking classic plan to kill Albert and get some life insurance money. Ruth takes out a policy worth $48,000 fors. Albert's signature on it. And This is the dumbest fucking thing. And like, I hope this has stopped. The policy is a double indemnity clause. There you go. So it would pay out double if Albert were killed in a violent act. Oh. It's like they're asking for it to, for you to kill your husband. I would, Alejandra, do you mind looking up to see if a double indemnity clauses are now illegal or something?


'cause that is insane. I'm like, no, I thought double indemnity was like, if you're accused of something and you get off, that's That's Double Jeopardy. Double Jeopardy. Which is also a great movie with Ashley Judd and Morgan Freeman. Right. Is that The one where she gets trapped in the, in the mausoleum at the, it's in New Orleans, I think. No. Yes. Maybe. I don't know Actually. Judd's been through some stuff in movies. She's so Good. It looks like they're still legal, but not that, I bet a double ind is a lot of different things. But it's But that specific one, don't you think? Maybe. Yeah. 'cause It's like accidental death. Yeah. Okay. Because in the night of March 19th while the Snider, they're at the bridge game. Judd sneaks into the house. This is the night of the murder.


The family comes back, Albert goes to bed and Judd attacks him with a four pound weight from a sash window, which is the old timey thing that holds down a window. Yeah. Sash Judd hits Albert on the head with the weight, but the blow barely stuns Albert. And he begins to fight for his life. I know. It's awful. Judd yells out quote, momsy for God's sake help. Just so awful Using pet names while you're trying to murder your lover's husband is, yeah. Pretty Weird. And then bef You know, he realizes that his wife is in on it at that moment, probably. Right. So the two then try to use a chloro foam soaked handkerchief to suffocate Albert before finally strangling him with the picture wire.


Mm. I know. All of this apparently happened quietly enough to not awaken their daughter, Lorraine, who was sleeping across the hall, or Ruth's mother who was asleep upstairs. This woman had her lover kill her husband in her home while her child was there. Wow. That's That's dark. That's dark. They stage a robbery. And then Jed bounds Ruth before leaving the house in fleeing binds, binds, Binds. I think So. Alright. We know what happened. This case becomes a fucking media sensation. And it happens during a period known as jazz journalism in which the tabloid papers compete for eyeballs with increasingly sensationalized news, many lured details as they can get in the newspaper.


And so, so many children probably read those stories. Also, motorboating magazine, I mean clearly. Ja. It's jazzy back then. What's happening? It's A feature in Motorboat Magazine and they seize on the sex angle. Ruth is tall and blonde and beautiful. And just generally they try to be as shocking as possible, even though Ruth says it was Judd's idea. And Judd says it was Ruth's idea. The press runs with the narrative that Ruth was the Mastermind, which I kind of believe from what the details I've read. Yeah. It's her husband too. You know. Yeah. Well, it's also more interesting when a woman is evil. Right? Right. We're not supposed to be anything other than polite and delightful, God forbid.


So yeah. And it's just like, holy shit, check this out. Yeah, Yeah. She's nicknamed Ruthless Ruth. Catchy. Who made that up? I don't know. You're fired in many tabloids. She's called that. And as for Judd, the press refer to him as Mr. Putty. Kind of like showcasing that he was just like a pawn in her game. Oh, okay. Mr. Putty run it. Or what do they, what do they call it? Print it. I like run it. Run it. Yeah. And most people still think that Ruth was the driving force behind this. So Ruth and Jutt are charged with murder and the trial begins in May, just two months after the murder. It's predictably a complete circus. People line up daily to be among the 1500 people allowed in the courthouse.


1500. Yeah. It's Big. True. Crime is new. People are newly into it. They weren't into it back then. Sorry. Sorry. You fools. That's not true. Scam. Artists sell fake tickets to get into the courthouse for $50 each. How much would you spend to get into a I mean? I know you wouldn't, but like how much? So there's A couple things going on. Yeah. Because it's like a personal decision of what, how much would you pay? But also that long ago. So what is it? Like a thousand dollars, $900? Holy shit. People. But then you see the like documentaries of like the Lacey Peterson trial and those people You know they pay a thousand bucks. That's like a vacation You know. Like that's their vacation.


Yeah. Not that it's the same thing, but it's like that's the thing they wanna spend their money on. It's Their obsessive hobby where they need to be there to hear what happened and what's going to happen. And like A part of it somehow Maybe. Or just witness it ending. Yeah. I think there's a piece of it that's like the catharsis of like some, a decision will be made and this will be like some sort of justice will be served. Yeah. Yeah. In the end, both Ruth and Judd are convicted and they are both sentenced to death. So This is a famous crime, but it's best known now for what happens on the day. Ruth and Judd are both executed in the electric chair. Oh, and This is that photograph I was talking about at the beginning that I had saw.


Okay. So they're both executed electric chair at Sing Sing Prison. It's January 12th, 1928, almost a year after the murder. It's really quick. Ruth's execution is scheduled for 10 minutes before Judds. And so the press are invited to attend. It is however forbidden to take any photographs. But again, This is the jazz journalism age. And New York City's tabloids aren't really known for their ethics. Right. Or decency. A reporter from the New York Daily News named Tom Howard manages to sneak in an elaborate miniature camera in 1928 with a small exposure plate strapped to his ankle. The camera is hooked up to a cord that goes up his pant legs.


And at the moment, Ruth is killed in the electric chair. He picks up his pant leg, aims his ankle at her, and uses the cord mechanism to take a picture. Wow. And This is back when like You know photos are still kinda rare, right? Like not a lot of people have cameras. I'd assume I mean it seems like it was the time where if they did, they were like those ones that were like a big accordion in The film. Yeah. And film was really expensive probably. Yeah. Yeah. The result is the first ever photo of someone being put to death in the electric chair. Didn't need it. No. Don't want it. Picture is blurry because Ruth's body is shaking. Ugh. It's very distorted. It looks like what you think it looks like, but it's clearly visible of what's happening.


This picture is still widely circulated and yeah, it's just upsetting. So the photo runs on the cover of the next Day's Daily news. Mm. Under a massive headline that simply reads dead. Can you imagine being a child, God going to eat your fucking, what do they have back then? Was Kellogg a guy yet? Yeah, I think they were. They were around for a long time. And that's like on the cover. That child was also working at the Newsstand. Right. Imagine waking up and getting, yeah. And getting ready to go to your job at a cigar factory where you're gonna work for 12 hours for smoking, pennies, smoking Along the way as you walk down the street. Right. And then So This is nothing to you. You can't read the headline, but you sure can't understand what that picture Is.


You can and it means nothing to you because you've seen the worst of the worst. Yeah. All right. Well that is the story of the murder of Albert Snyder, which can maybe remind us that there never really was a kinder, gentler time in America. I mean, which Is a great point that Ali wrote down. Yeah, That's very true. I like that It, I don't think it was gentler back then. No. Everyone's like, I wish I could go back in time. And it's like, no, it's No you don't. Yeah, you can't. You won't. God. That's disturbing Also. What an odd way to shoot that picture so that everyone else in the room knew something weird was happening. Yeah, It's creepy. Wow. That was great. Thank you.


It's spooky season and I would like to say it's about time. And while it's the time of year for things that go bump in the night, SimpliSafe is here to keep your home protected Because SimpliSafe no is that in a crisis. Every moment counts. With fast protect, monitoring and live guard protection. Simpl Save agents are on standby and can respond within five seconds. They can even see and speak to intruders to stop them right away. And Simpl saves 24 7 monitoring costs. Less than a dollar a day. Half the price of traditional home security. It's no surprise why SimpliSafe has been named the best home security system by US News and World Report for five years running. Once you purchase your system, you can choose your installation process. It's easy to do yourself or you can have a pro do it for you. I Don't know why there's people out there still living in 1970s horror films when you can have a security system that alerts you when things are going wrong. Somebody yell at the screen. Yeah. You don't need the one single chain across your door locked. No. You can actually have information, know what's happening, and then have people there to help you if you need help, it's Peace of mind. Instead of being in a horror movie all the time, protect Your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera. When you sign up for Fast Protect Monitoring, just Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash Fave. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


It's finally fall. and we all know what that means. The holidays are right around the corner. So now is the perfect time to start making smart Money moves. And Chime is here to help Join millions of Chime members who are working to make their financial goals a reality. Because Banking should be about building your wealth, not paying unnecessary fees. Chime is not about overcharging you. There are no monthly or maintenance fees. And that's thanks to their Spot Me feature, which allows you to overdraft up to $200 with no fees. Chime has spotted its members over $20 billion to date. That's a lot of support to help people stay on top of their finances. This Is huge because the amount of money that you spend on fees when you are overdrawn You know the last day of the month or right before your paycheck, like that'll ruin your budget for the next three months. You know it's so annoying. Can You still bounce checks Is that possible? I don't know. But you're screwed if you do. So I wish that we had had this when I was younger. This is Huge. Make your fall finances a little greener by working towards your financial goals with Chime. Open your account in minutes at chime.com/murder. That's chime.com/murder. Chime feels like progress Banking services and debit cards provided by the Bank Corp. Bank, NA or Stride Bank. NA members. FDIC. SpotMe Eligibility requirements and Overdraft Limits apply. Boosts are available to eligible Chime members enrolled in SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits terms and conditions. Apply For more details. Visit chime.com/disclosures. Good. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Some say financial crime is victimless, but that definitely isn't the case, especially when it ends in murder. That's why you need to check out Money Crimes. A new show hosted by bestselling author and entrepreneur, Nicole Lapin Money Crimes dives into the world's biggest financial scandals and how they can spiral outta control in ways you'd never expect. From Cunning Ponzi schemes to cutthroat politics and even murder. You'll learn that the finance world is more dangerous than you ever imagined. And Most importantly, how to protect yourself from It. Money Crimes is a crime House original powered by Pave Studios. New episodes are released every Thursday, wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for Money Crimes. It's M-O-N-E-Y-C-R-I-M-E-S. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Cleansing breath. Yeah. And moving on to more horror. Okay. This story was recommended by a TikTok user. Their handle is at Matt Actor Gordon. And they basically tagged me on that TikTok and wrote Karen Co Gareth would love doing a deep dive on this. Cool. It's so great when actors know you that well, who Is he? Is he like a, an actor? Actor? I guess if you're putting that in your fucking, maybe His middle name's just actor. It is his mother's maiden name or something. We don't know anything about Matt Gordon. We do now, but He's a part of this. He's made himself a part of it Now.


A part of My favorite murder lore. But what's weird is This is a disaster story from Northern California that I've never heard of. What? Yeah. So that's, I think Matt knew what he was doing. Love it. And so I'm going to show you this picture, which is a postcard from the Sun Valley Mall in Concord, California. It is this current day No vintage? That's vintage. Oh my God. So I'm bringing you to December 23rd, 1985. Okay. It's two days before Christmas. Okay. It's the height of the holiday season. And it's also the height of mall culture in the United States. It sure is. South Coast Plaza. What's up I mean? What a time. What was Your mall? The god dammit.


I think we called it the Santa Rosa Mall. Okay. It might have a name, but we never called it that. Yeah. And it was the only one anywhere nearby. Yeah. So it was just like, we called it the mall, basically. Yeah. I have to text my sister and see if it actually has a name. But yeah, like so many things happened there. Huge. So many outfits were bought. So many people were seen you'd Spend an entire, it's so crazy that like kids don't know this. Like you would spend the entire day walking around with your friend. Yeah. Ours had a beautiful, it's like really fucking high end. 'cause it's Orange County, but it had like a merry-go-round. Oh yeah. Like a vintage Merry-go-round. Wow. You would just spend the whole day wandering around this mall. Yeah. Have lunch, do the, like there's an arcade, like Yes.


There was a all kinds of things to see and do. And then, yeah, if you were in Orange County, you had a, a wonderful carousel. If you were in Santa Rosa, I think we had just a bunch of ferns by a bench. Either way we were loving it. Glorious. So This is Concord California, which is 30 miles east of San Francisco. It's a suburb. At the time, in 1985, it had a hundred thousand residents. So it wasn't a big city in any way, but it had this mall which built itself as one of the largest malls in Northern California at the time. Wow. Okay. Now keep in mind that there isn't that much in Northern California, right? Like it's basically you stick to the coast and that's where all the malls are.


Right? And there's about four. So the website SFGate describes the Sun Valley Mall. This way it says it's one and a half million square feet. Jesus. Yeah. Featured three anchored anchor stores. You'll probably be able to guess what they were. Macy's j Sears. Yep. You You said JC Penney. So. now I know that. That makes total sense. Yeah. This is the three. Sears is always gonna be in there. Sears Is always gonna be in there. And one of the funniest things of all time is me and my dad go going to the Santa Rosa Mall to return something like three days after Christmas. and we, we entered the mall through the Sears and we walked by the line for people trying to return stuff at Sears.


And it was just You know. It was just a scrappy group of people. Yeah. And my dad turns to me and goes, Jesus, it looks like the line at Lords. It's, that's too, it's too Catholic. It's too Catholic. You can cut that out. No, leave It for the Catholics. What does that mean? Lords is the place in France where the miracle took place and they have a thing and people would go there with like their crutches and their different stuff to go get healed By the waters. Oh, your dad's dry jokes are fucking classic too. He can make a reference. He's got a good like rye under the radar. Yeah. That's why you like King of the Hill. Yes, exactly. That Makes sense. I like a Little word play. Yeah. But also it was like he saw one person probably had like a weird eye patch and somebody else had like A walker.


Oh no. So it was like a comment on those people too. Yes. It was like a motley crew. He Was being like a snob. It's Like, oh my god. Whatcha but it was, it was a, it was funny. Anyway, Was Pinky in the air returning his, He's a real snobby. He loves Beethoven. Don't forget. Okay, so, okay. This is still the quote from SFGate. Okay. And then it says the other numbers were equally eye popping. The Sun Valley cinema seated 1500 patrons. Now I don't wanna be in there. Too many fucking people leave me. Don't touch me. What is that? That's what is that the size of the King's Theater in Brooklyn? What are we talking about? Yeah. That's insane. That's horrible. 9,000 cars could be parked in the enormous lot. Too many cars Inside the San. Francisco Chronicle wrote That's so SFGate is quoting the Chronicle within this article.


Oh My God. It's a fucking, what's it called? Inception. Yep. The decor included murals, fountains, indoor gardens and planters, sculptures and statuary. There was never a mall that didn't have a fountain though. Yes. That's incredible. That was kind of part of it. I bet you that was like the A SMR of a fountain Right. Was calming to people. I bet you're right. 'cause like the lighting and the Yeah. And like you're supposed to spend all day there. Yeah. So you, yeah. You kind of just love it. And you're like just gliding from store to store. Oh my God. I wanna go to a mall now. Music. I know. I really miss it. Well, yeah. Hot dog on a stick. Yeah. So since Christmas is two days away, this mall is packed with last minute shoppers.


It's worst case scenario. 'cause I'm about to tell you a disaster. This Is. Oh yeah. Yeah. This has been fun. But Yeah, that's, we have to put our, let's get Our malls out. Out. Yeah. This is South Coast Plaza is where I wrote about in states Ion Don't Get Murdered. That I got cut stealing from too. Oh yeah. Wow. Charlotte Rus where Did, you steal pair of earrings. Yeah. Secret shopper grabbed me. She was pregnant, real pregnant. And the woman who like shook me in the back office too, said to her, the other woman said, are you ready to have one of these? Like pointing at me like juvenile delinquent? Yeah. Oh Shit. Okay. We Done with they, they let you off with a slap on the wrist. Right.


They tried to charge us in. My dad, like my dad, the hero, I didn't tell my mom, she didn't know for years. Like wrote them a letter about how I legitimately had some fucking mental health issues. And that was the problem. Oh. I'm wearing a necklace that says depression right now. So that's, I don't feel weird seeing that. But yeah, my dad saved the day. Wow. Any last tidbits about the mall? You wanna get out before we get into this? No, I think I'm already into the, okay. I'm already into what I know is coming. Okay. I don't yet. Let's do it. Yeah. So the mall is packed with last minute shoppers. Okay. It's 8:35 PM Thousands of people are hurrying between stores, bags and tow. Christmas music is playing overhead. It's two days before, not after. Correct.


Got it. Two days before. And of course Santa's there. There's a North Pole scene set up in the main corridor outside of two department stores, Macy's, and a store called Emporium Kawell, which was like one of our main stores really? Up, up north. I wonder if it just never got anywhere else. No. What was it? My mom called it the big E because on the outside there was a huge neon e Hmm. And it was basically a different version of Macy's. Oh, okay. Just a department store. Okay. No, I never heard of it. So basically there's a bunch of families down in this area. Young children are waiting in line to tell Santa what they want for Christmas. And there's also Sesame Street characters, big Bird and Cookie monster that are down there entertaining kids and doing skits and taking pictures.


Why are they there? Because it's Christmas and it's like, come to the mall and do your shopping. Sure. And have a moment. And then there's a loud buzzing sound overhead followed by a huge boom. And right there above Santa's workshop, there is a huge explosion in the blink of an eye. This idyllic holiday evening transforms into a full fledged nightmare. This is the beginning of the deadly 1985 SunValley Mall disaster. How are we not heard of this? Right? Crazy. Sounds like fucking diehard like This is. That's crazy. Okay, so tell me everything main sources for this are several articles from the Oakland Tribune and the San Francisco Examiner Archives.


Also, SFGate is always in the mix. Oh, for sure. You can find the full list of sources in our show notes. So an explosion goes off. Right. And according to one witness, people started yelling bomb because no one Yeah. Knew what was going on. And the explosion was so concentrated that most of the mall is completely untouched by it. It's just in thereby Santa Station kind of the worst place it could be. Yeah, absolutely. It's a very busy part of the mall. And so it's immediately mayhem. One shopper will tell the Los Angeles times quote, A fireball came rolling down, exploding all the Christmas ornaments. Oh my God. I felt this tremendous shudder of the building.


The 37-year-old actor playing Santa Claus will later tell the Sacramento bee he had to rip off his burning Santa suit as fire engulfs the entire area. Imagine a child seeing that. Right? No This is, This is true horror show. Okay. That actor said quote, at first I thought the Christmas decoration lights nearby me had exploded. All, all kinds of things began raining down on top of me. Then when I saw the fire, I threw my stuff and took off. I mean I really ran. Later I found my beard and cap, but I never could find the wig. And what happened wasn't, of course, Christmas lights exploding or a bomb, a twin engine airplane carrying three passengers crashed into the mall ceiling through a skylight.


Shut the Fuck up. Yeah. This plane was attempting to land at the nearby Buchanan Field Airport. It's a half a mile away. Oh my. But it's the Bay Area. So there's heavy fog that night. So. now the plane crashes into basically the mall roof. The tail is sticking out of the building. It explodes and then just basically rains down metal and shrapnel and all this stuff on everybody. It's Santa's workshop. So I wasn't even on purpose or targeted or anything. No, it just, no plane just fucking flew into the, A Horrible accident. The worst possible place in the mall. Yeah. Oh my God. So flaming airplane parts fuel glass from the shattered skylight are raining down through the mall's atrium.


And onto the two floors of people below the San Francisco examiner describes the hellish scene where in an instant quote, hot metal falls on children fire, Sears, the clothes off of adults and shock spreads across thousands of faces. O Yeah. What people report seeing in those very first moments of this disaster are truly horrific. A retail worker named Steve Ada remembers quote, I looked up and there was fire coming through the roof. I guess it was the jet fuel, but it looked like it was raining fire. Mm. I ran back in there and the heat, it was like wind on my back. A little girl. This is horrible. No. A little girl came running up who was on fire, we had to throw her down and throw sweaters on her to put it out.


Oh my God. It's, it's very bad. Yeah. A 14-year-old boy named Vincent Amston is standing outside of the stores near this common area, waiting for his mom to finish up shopping nearby When this crash happens physically, Vincent seems to be mostly okay. He's far enough away from the wreckage that he isn't seriously injured. But his testimony shows how even those who are spared the gruesome injuries still have terrible, deep emotional scars. Yeah. Vincent actually hears quote somebody in the plane crying for help burning on fire. Oh my God. In the plane that had crashed In the plane, This is still Vincent's quote.


He was saying, help get me out. I'm burning. I don't wanna die. And that's a 14-year-old kid just standing there at the mall. I can't, This is, I can't even, The man stopped screaming within seconds. Oh. Vincent later tells the Oakland Tribune quote, I just went away. I didn't wanna see anymore. Disassociation is your friend. Yeah. Contra Costa County. That's where that is. Oh Yeah. We know that from all the gun in the dark. Yeah. Yep. So county supervisor named Sonny McPeak was also shopping at the mall when that crash occurred. And they put it, quote, nobody who was there and saw the horror could forget About it. No. But as we've learned from telling these kinds of disaster stories, the same people who are caught in this nightmare immediately become helpers.


Yeah. Yeah. So It is the upside of a horror. Yeah. 'cause life is horror. Yeah. And so how do we deal with It? You help other people. A police Officer named David Ssra tells reporters quote, I would've thought there would've been more panic. But a lot of people were comforting. The people who were in shock, who were injured. There was a tremendous concern for the injured, and people just swung into action immediately. Oh My God. So doctors who were at the mall. Yeah. So This is incredible. You're already starting to cry. I mean, but it, it's that kind of stuff. It's so touching. Yeah. We have to remember these pieces of these stories. Totally. It's like things happen to people and then people help people And people become their best selves in that moment.


Yeah. And that's what humanity is. Yeah. If only we could like channel some of that during less traumatic events. Yeah. And remember it, right. Doctors who were at the mall doing some last minute holiday shopping, rushed toward the scene and immediately set up a makeshift triage inside of Macy's. Wow. And begin treating the wounded. They're aided by strangers, including a 19-year-old Macy's employee named Jennifer Gale, who runs from store to store to getting ice for burn victims. So she basically goes to the store and is like, bring me to your employee refrigerator. Yeah. Gimme any ice you have steps away. A 39-year-old contractor named William Sheen, here's a woman screaming for help.


She's buried in burning debris. He manages to pull her out. He rushes her to the mall's fountain and douses her body in water and burns himself in the process. He will later learn that this woman's name is Pam Stanford and she's 22 years old. Oh my God. Baby. Meanwhile, down the mall's corridor at a restaurant called The Magic Pan, a shopper named Beverly Williams has taken it upon herself to set up a meeting post for families and friends who have been separated in the chaos. Wow. Just doing it. Yeah. Here's what I'm good at and I'm gonna do it right now. Yeah. Here's what's needed. Yeah. The managers of the Magic Pan are not only helping out with a, also coordinating that, but they're also handing out free coffee to people as they're waiting for their loved ones.


Wow. And one of those people was a 26-year-old man, and This is no relation to the detective from the OJ Simpson case. His name was Mark Furman, but no relation. Wild. Okay. He will later tell the San Francisco examiner quote, I know at least 40 or 50 people who found people they were looking for right here in the restaurant. I personally notified about 30 people over the phone that their relatives were safe. Wow. Yeah. So now, while the people in the mall are taking care of each other. A 28-year-old Emporium kawell security guard named Ed Re Khan rushes up a set of stairs out to the emergency exit on the mall's roof and So. now he's staring down at the tail of the burning airplane that's stuck in the roof and he's trying to figure out if he can save any of the passengers inside.


Wow. The Oakland Tribune reports quote, because the upper roof is on a higher level than the main section of the mall roof where the plane was embedded. Ed shimmied down a 40 foot pipe to reach the crash, Shimming down a 40 foot pipe. Yep. To get down there to help those people. Wow. When he gets there, he can immediately see that one of the two remaining passengers is dead. But he isn't sure about the other one. And he later says, I don't know if it was nerves, but it looked like he moved. I tried to get him away, but the flames were so hot, they sined my jacket. So Ed immediately rushes to find the nearest fire extinguisher. Then he runs back to the plane to try to put out the fire.


But Ed won't be doing this alone for very long because there's a very strange silver lining here, which is Contra. Casta County had been carrying out multiple disaster drills the past four months, and incredibly the man in charge of organizing those drills. No. Contra Costa County's medical director, Dr. William Walker, is at the mall that night. Oh My God. So the second this, this thing starts, ed Walker sprints to his car speeds five miles up the road to the Sheriff's dispatch center, and immediately starts directing emergency responders to go to the mall and get to the scene. Oh my God. First responders, we love you so much.


The San Francisco examiner reports quote, within seconds, ambulances were rolling in minutes. Doctors were on route to 11 hospitals in the county to await the injured. Wow. Two minutes after the crash, police cars arrived at the scene. Five minutes after the crash, the first fire engines arrived. Wow. 10 minutes from the disaster ambulances were at the mall. So all in all, 30 ambulances, 50 firefighters, 70 police officers all get to the mall within an hour of this crash happening. That's crazy. Now, ed Rin Khan is still up on the roof trying to extinguish the flames of the airplane when firefighters and EMS workers arrive and take over for him.


Ed doesn't take a breath. He knows there's people inside that still need help. So he runs back downstairs into the mall and starts tending to shell shocked shoppers in any way he can. Ed tells a reporter quote, everybody turned around and just started helping. It makes me feel better knowing that. Yeah. That's like the thing between like complex PTSD probably and like not, is like doing what you can. Yes. In some cases Taking action. Taking Action, yeah. Yeah. Feeling if you have some control over, You can do something. Yeah. Yeah. So dozens of people are rushed from the mall to the eight local hospitals and four burn centers. Wow. Nearby. And there are teams awaiting their arrivals.


Non-medical staff, like secretaries and therapists also show up to work. Mm. Ready to help handle the influx of patients suddenly arriving at those facilities. Amazing. Like Two days before Christmas. So crazy. One Dr. James Bets says, quote, you just never expect anything like this to happen at Christmas. We have a number of doctors and nurses who've given up their Christmas holiday. It's the least we can do. Yeah. Like what does it mean if there are people suffering? Yeah, That's right. Yeah. So these medical professionals spend the next several days working to stabilize their patients, many of whom have second and third degree burns covering their bodies. And many of those burn victims are children, some of whom have been separated by their parents.


The parents also being treated at different hospitals. Yeah. Around the Bay Area. Really? So tragically, people die as a result of this crash. Wow. Either at the mall or later at the hospital, including the 22-year-old woman, Pam Stanford. She was from Antioch, California. She was the one pulled from the wreckage and then placed in the mall by William Sheen. Oh, honey. She was at the mall that night having her engagement ring reset with a new diamond. She was supposed to be married in two months, days away from her bridal shower. Her bridal shower became her funeral date instead. Oh my God. Sweet baby. Angel. Pam's stepfather describes her two reporters as a wonderful person.


Another victim is a 49-year-old woman named Chandrika Shaw of Walnut Creek. She passes away about a week after the disaster. She had been sitting in the common area beside her husband, K Java Don. When the airplane struck the roof, Chandrika left behind two children and her husband, who was permanently disabled in this disaster, tells a reporter at the time, quote, I feel like I'm lost. I lost my wife and my health. My children have lost both parents. Oh my God. Yeah. So tragic. So that a 45-year-old woman named Patricia Larson of Lafayette dies months after the crash from complications caused by an infection because of her burns.


Yeah. The Oakland Tribune describes her, Patricia as a mother of three, an animal lover, an amateur photographer, and a scout mother of Boy Scout Troop 2 22. I end quote. So Patricia's sister-in-law, Jan tells reporters that in lieu of flowers, the family asks for donations to be made in Patricia's name to the hospital where she received care. Wow. Yeah. Jan says, quote, the money will go for education of the nurses and special equipment. They've done so much for Pat. The family is very grateful. That's beautiful. Yeah. So, so the three people who are abor, and of course there was other people Yeah.


Who died. There are three people killed who were aboard the plane. The pilot was 67-year-old James Graham. He was an extremely experienced pilot. He had over 15,000 flying hours under his belt. He had a commercial license. He was a flight instructor. He actually even founded his own flight playing company. So this was, yeah. This was not like It was a freak operator freak Accident. Yeah. It's so hard because you wanna blame someone that's like the first You know instinct is to blame someone, but Right. Tragic accidents happen. They do. Another passenger was 23-year-old Brian Oliver, who was a senior at San Francisco State University. He was a journalism major.


He was an aviation enthusiast, and he found inspiration in everything that had to do with the Buchanan Field Airport, including James Graham, who he worked for Part-time. And Brian's brother, Sean says, quote, he loved flying any opportunity he'd jump at it. Wow. The other passenger, 48-year-old John Lewis, was a financial consultant from Oakland and a father of five. He was also interested in aviation. He'd only recently met Graham while shopping at his local drugstore, and that the two were introduced by their pharmacist, Tom Brewerton, who thought they'd bond over their interest in flying. And of course, Tom later says, quote, I introduced them and they made arrangements to meet at the airport.


I'm feeling strange about this intellectually. I know there's no way I forced John to go, but emotionally I feel a little responsibility through me. He went on the ride. Mm. This is such a strange feeling. Yeah. You can't help but put those little patterns together. Yeah. Even though, yeah. It's not, yeah. So alongside the casualties around 80 people are injured in this disaster. Their road to recovery is long. Many victims face months of hospital treatment followed by more months of rehabilitation, and they're often left with permanent disabilities and scarring. So we know many of the victims are children. One of those children is a young girl who is 10 years old at the time, named Danielle Gudo.


She suffers severe burns, and she spends the immediate two months after the crash in intensive care. She remembers the difficulties of re returning to school. She says, quote, my physical therapist talked to the class to kind of prepare them for what they were going to see. But You know how younger kids can be. Oh. So it's kids who are now have, they have their own You know difficulties and pain. Yeah. And then they're trying to, they basically have to get back into Right. The social Life of children, which is like, But I love that they did that. They sent someone to talk to them, because that seems so rare for back then. Yes. You know what I mean. In fact, there's a lot of that here in Contra Costa County, which is like, it's the eighties.


Yeah. So they were like, get back to work fucker. Yeah. You know they, But they handled this amazingly. So right after the crash, the Contra Costa Health Department creates the Sun Valley survivors network to connect people with resources. The program supervisor, Manuel Velasco, explains quote, we're trying to offer the people involved in the event a space to talk about their reactions to the accident. A chance for emotional debriefing. People experience something they never imagined in their lifetimes. Wow. By December 26th, which is the day after Christmas, geez. Yeah. The network is already holding daily group therapy sessions and offering private counseling. That's Un That's incredible.


1985. Yeah. Yeah. Bay Area newspapers run information about crisis hotlines, which offer immediate help and promote a number that survivors and victims can call to access individual therapy sessions. Wow. Fortunately, there's also an understanding that there are no quick fixes here. Gail Batay, a mental health professional, also employed with the county, tells the Oakland Tribune quote. I think it's important for people to understand. The first response to something like This is shock, grief, numbness, horror. But very often in these kinds of traumatic disasters, people will experience problems down the road as well. Lack of sleep, nightmares, depression, anxiety.


They need to know that it's not just the first couple of days that support will be available to them. So they're messaging publicly that there will be like long-term support for this. That's incredible. Incredible. Yeah. And there are some other bright spots in this very sad and very dark story. For example, just two days after the disaster, a 20-year-old waitress in Stockton, California, I keep saying California in Stockton named Kathy Ring. Kahn receives a Christmas day call from a cousin, and that cousin tells Kathy that they've just seen a photo of her half Brother Ed in a newspaper article about the plane crash at the Sun Valley Mall.


Kathy hasn't seen her brother in 10 years, and she's only seen him once since the two were separated as children because of a unstable domestic situation. Oh my God. Ed ended up in the custody of a family in Richmond while Kathy was raised by an aunt in Stockton. So she says, Kathy says quote, I tried to get in touch, but I never could find him. I kind of slowed down and started living my own life. But when I saw him in the paper, I was so happy because he's my brother and I love him. Oh my God. So After learning, ed is employed at the mall. Kathy leaves a message with him there, and Ed, who has been searching for her, calls her back immediately.


I can't, that's, He says quote, I called her at work. I said, Kathy, it's me. It's your brother Edward. There's a pause. And I thought she hung up. I said, Kathy, and she just started crying. Oh my God. I can't express how happy I am. It took a newspaper to bring us together. What a Christmas. I wanted to cry. I mean. Yeah. Life is so fucking bananas. Life is really hard. Yeah. You can still visit the Sun Valley Mall today. It's still years. Really all these, it's still there all these years later, and there's little evidence of the disaster ever happening. But traumatic memories of the event live on with the survivors and the victims Bay Area. Newspapers occasionally check in with them, and in 2010, the Oakland Tribune catches up with Danielle Guido, the 10-year-old that we were talking about.


Yeah. She's in her mid thirties when they check in. She's married and she's the mother of four. In the interview, Danielle notes that her injuries have made it more difficult for her to find employment. She also discusses how she's had to have conversations with her children about why she has scarring on her body. Oh, honey. But then the article closes with a nod to Danielle's strength calling her, quote, surprisingly upbeat, and paints the picture of a little girl who was only in fifth grade when this disaster took place. That through her own determination, navigated this life-changing event to become the definition of resilience. The reporter writes of Danielle, quote, the devastated 10-year-old of 25 years ago, grew up to be a pretty remarkable woman.


Oh my God. And that's the story of the 1985 SunValley Mall disaster. Karen, top 10 stories you've done think so. Yeah. Maybe top five devastating. Just a Freak accident. And also it's like Concord is close to where I grew up. Yeah. It's not super close, but it's not far away. It's Part of the little community of Northern California, like suburban, northern California. Right, right. And it's just like the idea that something this big happened when I was in high School. School. Yeah. Yeah. So crazy that That was incredible. So Thank, you mark the actor for recommending that Mark, You get a gold star, bro. You get an Academy Award from that Recommendation. You can our be on our IMDB page now.


Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Great job. Thank. You. Should we end on some nice, what are you even doing right now? Yeah, Let's do it. Okay. Let's see. Someone sent this to the Gmail. What are you even doing right now? Karen, Georgia. What am I even doing right now? I'm designing teeth. I am a dental technician, which means I build crowns and abutments, and then in parentheses, fake teeth. You ladies have been with me every day for seven years building fake teeth with me, and today's episode may be jump for joy. When you were talking about gold teeth, I recently designed a tooth with you. It was a golden tooth with a pot leaf designed into it. Thanks for always standing by me ladies and making my workday more enjoyable.


You rock. Keep killing it, Jessica. Wow. What an incredible job that you can't have a bad day at because you'll ruin someone's fucking life. You know what I mean. That's right. That's terrible. This is from Instagram. It's Katie, period. Marie period. Scott, what am I even doing right now? I am at my desk, working at my state's crime lab, finishing up my first 200 training reports as a forensic scientist. Wow. Most of what I was even doing the past several years was working in labs and eventually obtaining my master's degree in forensic science last spring. Thank you for always being there for me, ladies. And then there's an emoji that didn't translate. I have another one from the Gmail also.


It says, hi everyone at Exactly right. What am I even doing right now? I'm at work doing your MFM puzzle with my coworkers. It's the hardest fucking puzzle I've ever done. It's gonna be framed and hung on the wall afterwards. Keep up the great work, Abby. Hell yeah. Oh my God, that's amazing. Okay. My last one is from Instagram also. It's Jessica Lee Cobb kbi. I am listening to MFM as I drive my toddler to daycare on my way to my job as a sixth grade teacher, Georgia just very clearly said, oh shit. And guess what I just heard from the backseat. That's right. My almost two year old's very first curse word as she repeats. Oh shit. Oh shit.


Oh shit. Yeah. Yeah. I may need to rethink listening to MFM while she is in the car. LOL. Yep. She's not a baby anymore. It's over. It's over, dude. You got a toddler now. You just Hit the threshold. Yeah. You do not want that child repeating this insan insanity. Absolutely Not. Please be careful. Be careful. Thank you for listening. Tell us what you're even doing right now. Yeah. We love hearing that's, it's really satisfying. Yeah. To think about us doing this here and then what you're doing on the other side of Yeah, those headphones. It makes us feel like we're everywhere all at once. It's, It's all we want. It's Wild. It's the omnipotence we've been looking for this whole time.


All right. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana sce. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder and Twitter at my fave murder. Bye.