
This is exactly right.


This is Kristen Bell And Adam Brody. And we are dating In our new show. Nobody wants this, right? Right. We're not really dating No. In real life. We're Married. Right. Married to other people, not each other. Ugh. This is complicated. Right? It's just like our love lives and nobody wants this. A show about what happens when a bold and sometimes provocative podcast host finds her unlikely match in a sweet, traditional rabbi you Can watch every episode of Nobody Wants This Now Only on Netflix.


Turns out a delightfully clean home can make for a delightful start to the day. At Mrs. Myers, everything we make is inspired by the garden. With plant derived and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients, our cleaning products smell like a dream and work like the Dickens, leaving your home sparkly clean and your to-do list tackled in no time. Goodness. There's no better feeling than that. Mrs. Myers rooted in goodness. Visit mrs myers.com today.


Hell, Hello Hello. And Welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard Start. That's Karen Kil. Gareth, This is a solo episode. This is where I am gonna tell you a story on my own all by myself because we're on vacation. Yeah. And also we need to start working independently. It's important. It's gone on for too long. We are so codependent. It's, it's gotta, we've gotta break the chains. Yeah. And as Fleetwood Max says, you will never break the Chains. You'll never break, but you will never. But you have to try because trying is important. I mean, trying's almost somewhere important than succeeding. I mean, some say, I wish I could believe that. Yeah.


If a book real quick. If you need a fucking vacation book, even though it's the middle of October for these people listening now. Oh Yeah, that's true. But it's still book. But some people take a little break. Yeah. I listen to a book called The Wedding People by Allison, SB and it's, it's a feel good book about a woman who decides to take her own life. And so she goes to a hotel for her last night. But the hotel is overrun by the wedding people because there's a wedding that week. Oh. The bride finds out about her plans and is like, you're not gonna ruin my wedding. So befriends her and then she changes her whole, like it's a beautiful, like metamorphosis. Oh. Type of thing. That sounds amazing. I know. It's really like real, it's real and good.


That's a very cool idea. Yeah. The wedding people. Very cool. Yeah. Is El Po Loco a national brand? I think so. I'll say this Because, You know, I can be very repetitive. I mean, I, I can't recommend Poirot again. I've, I've done it too many times, but I really rely on it. But the other day, our production manager Jess, she ordered Apu Loca Oh, to the office. Yeah. That is a standby for me and Vince for sure. Is it really? Because It's just fucking perfect every time. It Is good. Yeah. It's like I Feel, like it's unsung in this way that like, maybe it's been around a little longer than other places. But as I came into the office, she was going out to go pick it up and then Brian, our office manager, was just like, do you want some too?


So I was like, just get me a quesadilla. Always protein. Yes. Always get Karen Protein, please Get me a protein and if you need to make a decision, a que of deal will always work For me. Yeah. Cheese and protein. Yeah. So they brought it back. And what El Poeo Loco's doing with their quesadillas? It Sounds like an Ad. I am sorry. It's to do this for free, but it was like they were mimicking a crunch wrap Supreme. So it was all folded and like fried on the, on the grill Kind of. I love a grilled little Yeah. Protein. But then they have stuff inside there like real flavorings and seasonings and stuff, Like veggies and shit. It Was, I don't know. Yeah. Like little slice of tomato and peppers.


It was the one of the best quesadilla I've ever had. Oh my God. I'm so hungry right now. Well, I like that plug. I mean, it feels worthwhile. Yeah. 'cause it's like we do books, we do TV shows. Yeah. Sometimes we'll do a movie. Yeah. When's the last time you did? Like, what if we every week recommended a a different quesadilla? Not even a fast food place, just a quesadilla. You just get real Specific. Okay. I'm so down with that. Okay. Yeah, we've been eating, that was like our go-to when we were young and broke. What was your order? My mom would just get like, you know, like family meal. Oh yeah. So just like a normal family meal. But it just like so good. It was so good. They also, it's like their chicken is amazing.


It's the crazy chicken got Salsa And they like, it's that idea. You're just like, they give you tortillas, they give you this chicken. Yeah. Like Great red salsa. Yeah. It's good. What Are you even eating right now? Everyone, please. What are you even eating right now? Maybe that's what we'll do. We'll just like come back and it's like, is there something that like sparked your life in a way that you ate this week? Yeah. That when you go back to eat it sometimes, like you wouldn't constantly eat it, but when you go to eat it, you're like, wow, thank God this is still around. Yeah. And tastes exactly the same. I'm Like, why do I do this more Often? Yeah. Okay. We've done it. That's our, that's new fourth episode. Speaking of people who work at Exactly, Right Media.


Yeah. and we have a podcast network called Exactly. Right. Media. There's so many people at work here And so many people. Not just Jess. Not just Brian. Here's some highlights. So you may have heard that we're doing Rewind with Karen in Georgia, which is basically us recapping our own podcast. If the narcissism wasn't bad enough already, we started our own recap podcast. So we decided to re-release the first T-shirt ever made. This was a full on Georgia Hard stark production artist. Michael Ramstead did this very precious illustration. We've updated it from the 2016 version to a 2024 version. You can go now, do a pre-order at my favorite murder.com and basically get in there before they're all gone.


Yeah. Limited Edition. Yep. It's fucking classic. It's, it's very cute. It's one of my favorites. There's also brand new MFM animated inspired Halloween merch in the merch store. Giant skeleton sweatpants. Oh my God. Moth Man hoodies. It's actually quite a collection for this spooky season. It's really Incredible. So Go to my favorite murder.com and go shopping. And also please follow at exactly right on social media to learn more about what's happening this week on your favorite podcast, including Wicked Words with Kate Winkler Dawson and Parent footprint with Dr. Dan. Also what I was talking about, re rewind with Karen in Georgia. Episode 14 is out now and it features a conversation about crimes from the 1990s.


Yeah. Including Belly chains. God, if you love my favorite murder, which I hope you do, if you're listening, I mean, just do us a big favor. Go rate review and follow the show wherever you get your podcast. It just helps us out a little bit. And if you're listening in, 'cause you hate us, we hate you too. Go vote everyone vote. Okay.


This podcast is brought to you in part by Squarespace. Imagine trying to bake a cake without a recipe or an oven or any kitchen utensils probably not gonna turn out great. Right? Well, building a website can feel just as messy if you don't have the right tools. Luckily, they're Squarespace. They make creating and managing a website easy and intuitive. With Squarespace Blueprint, you can build a custom website fast. You can also upload and organized video content in your library. There's even an option to add a paywall if you're hoping to monetize. Plus, the Squarespace payment process couldn't be easier. And in eligible countries, you can offer Buy Now, pay later options. And now Squarespace's New and Improved SEO tools will help you connect to the right audience fast. Don't let managing a complicated website hold you back from growing your business and reaching your customers. Go to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder. Goodbye.


Look, we've all been there. It's late. There's nothing in the fridge and your hand trembles as you open a delivery app on your phone. Trying desperately not to order takeout for the zillions time. Sticking to healthy habits isn't always easy, but with Hungry Route, staying on track has never been more convenient. Hungry Root gets to know your personal health goals, dietary restrictions, favorite foods, and how much time you wanna spend cooking. They build you a personalized cart with all your grocery needs for the week, including easy four ingredient recipes to put those groceries to use. Each order is fully customizable so you can take their suggestions or choose anything you want. They've got fresh produce, high quality proteins, healthy snacks, ready to eat meals, and much more. Everything from Hungry Root follows a simple standard, it's gotta taste good, be quick to make and contain whole trusted ingredients. So for me, on those nights when I really don't wanna order takeout, I've done it so many times, I'm so bored of all the options. But also don't wanna cook because I'm tired. I don't feel like it. Hungry Root is so perfect to have in my fridge when I open it, And I realize that I could throw together a delicious, healthy meal. So quickly. And I mean it. It's quick. Like you spend less time microwaving something crappy than you would putting together this beautiful meal from Hungry Root. And right now Hungry Root is offering my favorite murder listeners, 40% off your first delivery and free veggies for life. Just go to hungry root.com/mfm to get 40% off your first delivery and get your free veggies. That's hunger root.com/mfm. Don't forget to use our link so they know we sent you Goodbye.


Alright, so I'm going today. Okay. And this is a story that we've been, I've been planning on doing for months at this point. And just so happens that this week a little documentary about it came out on Hulu. Oh. So that was really exciting. Today's story is about a beloved mother, wife, and sister who's poisoning death, ultimately divided her grieving family. This is the story of the death of Mary Yoder. Mm. And I wasn't gonna watch the documentary at first because I saw that the person who was convicted for this crime is a talking head on it. And that's always a little bit like suspicious. But I started it and it's fucking good and deep.


Okay. And not, not what I thought it would be. The documentary is called Little Miss Innocent on Hulu. And other main sources for this story are an episode of Forensic Files two called The Letter and an episode of Dateline called Poisoned. And the rest can be found on our show notes. Is There a forensic files two? Like Oh, the newest version? I guess it's Forensic Files two. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. I didn't realize that either. I Feel, like I re, I remember that like a new forensic files was coming out, but I didn't realize that's what they were calling do. Yeah. Again, forensic files again. Okay, so we're in Utica, New York. Right? I don't know what it's like. It's picturesque. I'm sure it's pretty, I think my ex is from there.


Oh, it's a small city between Syracuse and Albany, which are also small cities and the year is 2015. So recent Bill and Mary Yoder are both chiropractors in their early sixties and they have a practice together. The couple's been married for almost 40 years. They have three adult children, two daughters and a son. And the Sun and the Yoders are well known in small town Utica because their chiropractic clinic is very highly regarded. Very popular. Hmm. They're kind of just known as Salt of the Earth people, you know, hardworking, normal people. Yeah. Very normal. Okay. Mary had grown up nearby in upstate New York and is one of eight kids. She's close with her family, especially her sisters.


She loves the outdoors and is active in her community. You know, she's in her sixties. She's such the mom that your friend has that makes you want to go to your friend's house all the time. Yeah. Because the mom is so wonderful and lonely and smart and bright and shiny. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's, it's rough for us. She and Bill met in college. They had their first two kids, daughters, Leanna and Tamin when they were in their early twenties. And then they have their youngest child, Adam 10 years later. So like the precious baby when Mary is in her early thirties. So Adam is doted on by the family, especially his big sisters who think of him as their baby. When Adam becomes an adult, he starts to work with his parents at their clinic, their chiropractic clinic doing clerical work, close family.


And then later on, Adam's girlfriend, Caitlin takes over his role. So Adam and Caitlin have an on again, off again relationship. They're just like these two young attractive people who are very, very into each other. And she is very close with his family. Obviously she works with them. Mary's her boss. So she's very close with her. Mary, who is 60 years old, is known by everyone as quote the picture of health. And you see these photos and she's like bright and shiny. Yeah. Looks like a healthy, beautiful woman. She takes impeccable care of her body. She runs fucking triathlons. Yeah. At 60. Yeah. I'm gonna do that then too.


Yes, you will. Eventually you're gonna build up to it. Yeah, I don't need to do it now. Right. She only like No one gives a shit if a fucking 40-year-old runs a triathlon. It's not an accomplishment when you're 40. It's an accomplishment when you're 60. Exactly. I'll wait. She like eats super healthy. She takes tons of herbal supplements. She does the things, and this is what Allie wrote. She actually does the things that everyone tries to do, but generally doesn't do. How many supplements do you have in a drawer that you don't take? If I put them in the right vessel, maybe I'll start taking them. Yes. Buy a new plastic thing to put the supplements into. I have So many plastic options to put the vitamins into the microplastics, to leach into the supplements And throw into the sea for the great Pacific garbage patch.


This life, Mary was better than us. Yeah. So Here we are, July 20th, 2015. Mary is working with patients at her chiropractic clinic in the afternoon, she starts to feel sick to her stomach. She has to run to the bathroom repeatedly. So she goes home early where she gets sicker and sicker with symptoms you wouldn't get with just a stomach virus or food poisoning. Like it's extreme. Her legs start to swell and her skin is discolored, almost greenish. Oh. And so she goes to the emergency room the next morning and she's admitted to the hospital, which like what an excruciating night. Yeah. Terrifying doctors first wonder if it's one of the supplements Mary has been taking that made her ill.


Because you know, you get these and you who the fuck, there's no FDA approval with supplements. Do you know that? Do you know that? Yeah. Can you double check that Go of a wide My Emphatic? Yes. I think that's true. No, I don't. I don't think they have to be. Yeah. FDA does not approve dietary supplements at all. Nope. That's A problem. That's Not fair. That's why you stick to the ones you know. Yeah. So then on her second night in the hospital, Mary starts to maybe be doing a little better, but then the next morning her condition deteriorates even further. Her organs start to fail. They don't know what is going on. She goes into cardiac arrest multiple times.


Doctors are able to revive her each time. She regains consciousness. She's intubated, but she amounts, I love you to her poor family. And then finally she goes into cardiac arrest one more time and doctors are not able to revive her. So it's just this sudden onset of this awful horrific issue. They go to the hospital and come out and she's dead. Yeah. Like it's just really, really tragic. Everyone's in a state of shock over this. No one can figure out what would've killed Mary so quickly. You know, she's young and vibrant. So an autopsy's performed and the medical examiner looks at Mary's cells under a microscope and can see that they appear to have been in a state called apoptosis, which is the process by which cells die.


And so this is normal to some degree in the human body, but Marriott's happening on a level that would, we would expect from someone who is undergoing like chemotherapy. Oh wow. Like it's that extreme. Yeah. And so the only other reason that one would see this level of apoptosis in someone cells is if that person had been poisoned. Oh, I. Feel. like if I go in the hospital, it's my fucking first thing. Like I don't care if I just like ate old sushi. I'd be like, check and see if I'm getting poisoned by someone. You know? That would be Your directive. That's to the people. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is that a true fear of yours? Yeah. I'm not crazy about it. I mean that someone would actually do it though. No, But you know, it's the same with like walking down the stairs in front of someone.


It's just like not my favorite thing to Do. I mean, well also just in with, in this woman's case Yeah. Where she has taken, she's gone out of her way, worked very hard obviously, and taken such great care of herself. Yeah. It's like this terrible irony and this shocking like must have been so horrible for Child. Yeah. And they interview the sisters in this documentary and it's just, it's so out of nowhere. It's devastating. Like they can't believe it. So after hearing about Mary's symptoms, a director at the Poison control center suggests testing for a drug called Colchicine. You heard of it? No. I don't know. Your mom is a nurse. I thought maybe because, but it is very rare. It's a fucking drug you wouldn't have heard of unless you needed it.


Yeah, I've never heard of that. But I could absolutely hear my mother talking about like, if you keep talking, I'm gonna go into apoptosis. Like that's, she was more of that person than drug branch themselves. Dramatic lot of time. Well this, this drug, colchicine is used to treat gout. So it's very specific. Yeah. And it's very hard to get, there's a lot of hoops you have to jump through to get it. It stops the process of cell division. And so people who take it take very small amounts and they're monitored extremely closely by their doctors to prevent exactly what has happened to Mary. 'cause it's fucking toxic. Mm. It's very toxic. The medical examiner, who by the way is like, he's our new Paul holes, but like kind of like rough around the edges hot.


Oh. Like kind of, you know, got the bald thing and the beard, which is like obviously my thing. Yes, sure. So the medical examiner runs the test on this last vial of Mary's blood that they have. They find high levels of Colchicine much higher than what like a person would take who's even prescribed it, you know? So when the medical examiner gets these results, he calls Liana Mary's daughter who's in her thirties, and she's a doctor and she's just baffled. She knows it's a gout medication and she doesn't understand why it would be in her mother's system. Also, if someone were to be prescribed Colchicine, they'd have to take 32 40 pills to overdose the way Mary did. Oh.


And like she was at work while this happened. You know, if they were su suspecting that she took her own life, she would've been at home. It just like, it wasn't adding up. Nothing Adds up. No. So investigators test all the herbal supplements Mary was taking to rule out the possibility that they had been contaminated because the FDA doesn't give a fuck. And all of those tests come back negative. Now investigators are almost certain that Mary has been poisoned. So the Yoder family is in complete shock. They can't think of anyone who would wanna kill their beloved mother Mary's daughter. Tamarind describes a state of disbelief she was in when the truth of what happened to her mom came into focus saying quote, there aren't even words for it. Your world flips upside down and nothing makes sense.


And then like they know someone's out there who targeted their mother. Yeah. But the most bizarre mystery. Right? Yeah. So this whole testing process takes some time. So it's now October, about three months after Mary's apparent poisoning, when investigators start trying to figure out who poisoned her. So first investigators are beginning to scrutinize the obvious suspect. Bill Yoder, Mary's husband, bill and Mary seem to have a generally good relationship. But a few months after Mary's death, the rest of Mary's family are shocked when they find out that Bill and one of Mary's sisters has started dating. Oh. And she's got like four or five sisters and he starts dating one of them.


That's so that's weird. Yeah. But it's also like a grieving widow and a grieving sister and they find each other and come together. It's possible. It's obviously possible. It's just kind of, it's In bad taste. Yeah. And it, you'd think it would feel bad Totally. For the sister at Least. Absolutely. Yeah. So this ultimately drives the other three of Mary's sisters to suspect that Bill did it. And they cut off contact with that sister as well. Yeah. Just like, if they had nothing to do with it. It is kind of heartbreaking. The Whole thing's heartbreaking. Yes. They're all going through this in this terrible moment of grief.


Like, I think you're right. Yeah. The, their worlds are turned upside down. So everything that's happening after that point is right. Is kind of like, it's chaos. And when the daughters find out, like their dad is a suspect who they love, they're like, are we supposed to spend Christmas with him? Like, what are we supposed to do? Right. And so police confirmed from Bill's calls and texts that the relationship with the sister began after Mary's death. So they're able to confirm that it wasn't like they weren't having an affair. That's Right. You know, a bit of comfort. Yes. Yeah. And Bill's daughters say that their father was devastated to lose their mom. They were very, a very close couple. It does seem like that some people allegedly get a bit of an ick from Bill, but that's just like hearsay after the fact.


Who the fuck knows? Yeah. Who are those people? Yeah. Well a lot of the people from the town are interviewed in this documentary. Like locals, they're fucking amazing and they're gold. And like everyone has a different opinion and like we're not, we can't talk about this with our other friends because everyone thinks this person did it or that person did it. It's like it divides the town. Right. Also, like right now, if somebody made a documentary about you and just like did, they just interviewed a bunch of people to see, what do you think? What's the word? Like I just imagine that like the people that live on my street, most of whom I don't know Right. But they'd just be like, yeah, she's weird. And she's like, she only hangs out with her dogs. Yeah.


Like the Starbucks person that you're perfectly friendly with and you go in every day. But like they have some gripe because Starbucks is hard and like you'd never know. Yeah. And then Bill also gives permission to the police to search the chiropractic office and they take computers records and a typewriter as evidence. Hmm. So then in December of 20 15, 2 identical letters appear at both the medical examiner's office and at the sheriff's office. So the pathologist who conducted the autopsy on this case, he's in this documentary, he's our new Paul Holes. But if you're into like, you know, kind of gruff bald head beard, which clearly that's my thing.


Yeah. His name is Dr. Clark and he's great because he says the F word a ton in this documentary, like unnecessarily. And it made me love him so much, you know what I mean? Yeah. But just like that, that like the, in the perfect place exactly where it belonged, he dropped the the F word And was it, 'cause he was kind of like passionate about what the case and that's cool. He was like baffled. Yeah. Like where the fuck is this coming from? So the sheriff's office gets a letter and the letter is type written. It says that Mary's 25-year-old son Adam killed his mother. It's anonymous. It says that the, the two of them had not been getting along and that Adam believed he would receive money if his mother died. The letter also specifically names the Colchicine as the poison, which had not been widely reported.


Oh. It was just like she was poisoned. They didn't say with what? And it says that Adam put the Colchicine into one of her supplement capsules, like the one she would take anyways. And that he had been able to order the Colchicine through the chiropractic clinic because it's really hard to get and you have to be, you know, a medical person have like your tax ID number. Yeah. It's really complicated. I mean that's a lot of very specific information. Yes. Clearly someone knows details about this. It also says that the Colchicine bottle is still on the floor of his Jeep. And so Adam is called in for questioning and investigators ask if they can look in his car. He consults with a lawyer. The lawyer is like, you should let them do it.


He agrees to do it. He's standing there smoking a cigarette as they search his like messy, you know, 20 something year old dude car with fast food boxes and shit everywhere. And among the littered garbage on the floor of the passenger side of his Jeep investigators find a labeled Colchicine bottle. I mean now we're kind of learning like to me the vibe of circumstantial evidence or usually it's like you hear about that and then you feel argumentative. Kirsten like, but they found it there and it's like, this feels like a setup. Right, Exactly. It feels like a setup. Anyone could be like, oh, you should definitely look over here for the one thing that will definitely prove he did it.


Right. Yeah. It's still there. Somehow I checked it today, it's still, and he also had a, like his passenger side of the door wouldn't lock. And like people knew that so like anyone could get in there and he like allowed them to look through the car. Why? You know, why would you keep that evidence? Yeah. And you would know it was there obviously you would be be aware of. So then you would take it out before you would say yes, A long time ago. Burn that shit. There's also a receipt for the Colchicine with an email address that contains Adam's name. It's like his name 1990, whatever. Oh wow. Just clearly very specific and obvious. An investigator from the Oneida County Sheriff's Department watches Adam while his Jeep is being searched. And he says quote, I wanted to see his reaction.


And I can recall him smoking a cigarette and the cigarette almost fell out of his mouth. Like he was in such shock of what we had pulled out of his truck end quote. And he consulted a lawyer too. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Adam says the email address on the receipt is not his real email and that someone is trying to frame him. Investigators are inclined to agree with him because there's no real reason for him to poison his mother and kill her. Then drive around with a bottle and the receipt in his car for five months, then tell someone about it and then drive to the sheriff's office for questioning what it's still in the car. Yeah. Like that's absurd. Yeah. The thing is, there's a very limited amount of people who would a know about the actual poison, the Colchicine then who would had enough access to Mary to like slip it to her.


And who would've been able to set Adam up like that? They narrowed it down very well. Yeah. So this Puts the attention back on the husband Bill for Bill and Mary's other two daughters. This whole situation is totally devastating. Leanna says quote, you feel like all of a sudden somebody dropped you in the middle of hell and you can't find your way out. And every time you get a new answer, it's worse because if it's the father, that means the father tried to set up their brother, the son, and that's awful. Or if it's the son, then they, you know, like it's their brother. So they're terrified. They get like security guards. They can't sleep at night. There's someone out there who killed their beautiful mother.


Yeah. I mean, and then their family is imploding. Right. In all, all these different levels and ways. Totally. It's hard enough to lose a parent. Yeah. To lose a parent suddenly. And then to have it be like this. That's insane. Yeah.


How many times have you answered, I'm fine when you're really not. If fine has become your default, it might be time to talk to someone who gets deeper. Talkspace makes it easy to connect with a licensed therapist who'll meet you where you are. Whether that's over text, a quick check-in call, or a longer session when you're ready. Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider makes getting the help you need. Easy, accessible, and affordable. Simply sign up for Talkspace and you'll receive a personalized match with a therapist or psychologist. Typically within 48 hours. Talkspace provides personalized treatment for individuals, couples, lgbtqia plus community, veterans, and teens. If you're nervous about therapy and aren't sure what to expect, Talkspace is a great solution. They're entirely online so you can experience the benefits of therapy without leaving the comfort of your home. Talkspace has licensed therapists and over 40 specialties like anxiety, depression, and relationship issues. Plus, these services are covered by many insurance plans and employers. Most insured members have a zero copay. I've been doing therapy online since the beginning of the pandemic. And I have gotten so comfortable in my little space. I sit here on my couch with my cats and I'm really able to open up in a way that takes a lot longer for me to do when I'm in office with a therapist. I definitely think people who are a little afraid of therapy should try it this way. It adds this kind of layer of comfort that is really necessary when you're starting off in therapy or when you're a little nervous about sharing. And as a listener at this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80 to match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code S-P-A-C-E eight zero. You'll get $80 off your first month and show support for our show. That's talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80. Goodbye.


Are you tired of looking at the same old furniture that just doesn't inspire you anymore? Maybe your living room feels a bit too cramped or your bedroom is missing that cozy vibe you crave? If you're ready for a change, it's time to check out article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. No more endless scrolling, just beautiful options that suit your taste. Get ready for holiday hosting with a new dining table from article. Check out the cone and dining table, which has a stunning sunburst design that's almost too pretty to eat on. Almost an article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get a choose your delivery time and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. When it comes to quality article designers hit the sweet spot between style, durability, and price. They're all about thoughtful craftsmanship that not only looks great, but also stands the test of time. I've ordered a bunch of pieces from article throughout the years because I am obsessed with them. And I will say every single time, the delivery and customer service is the best I've ever had from any furniture delivery. They're on it so hard, it makes it so easy and like you don't even have to think about it. And that is a huge relief. Plus the furniture so beautiful. So what more do you need articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye


fall is here and everyone is getting back from vacation, headed back to school and just generally back into their routines. You know what that means? It's time to get back to Bombas. Bombas has the best socks for fall so that you can kick things off on the right foot and the left foot too. You're gonna want both feet wrapped in these absurdly comfortable socks. And they aren't just your regular old fall colors. They're playful and fun. They've even got new sweat wicking socks to keep you energized for those fall workouts or running after the kids as they head back to school. And if you're looking to get cozy, check out their Marino wool socks that are so cushy. They're like walking on pillows. And Bombas isn't just about socks. They're 100% peanut cotton tees are perfect for layering under sweaters or wearing solo on those crisp bottom days, offering both warmth and breathability. And for every item you buy, Bombas will donate an item to someone who really needs it. In fact, Bombas has donated over a hundred million clothing items to date. All thanks to your purchases. I love buying from Bombas because of that fact that every time you buy something, they donate to someone who needs it. And that makes the buying process and getting things for yourself feel so much better than just this like mindless consumption. The fact that Bombas has this program and everything they make is like comfortable and cozy and lovely. Makes it so easy to shop there. And I do a lot. So are you ready to feel good? And do good head? Do bombass.com/mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm and use code MFM at checkout. Goodbye.


So investigators turn their attention to the letters they received. Both the letters and the addresses on the envelopes appear to have been written on the typewriter, which is obviously rare for 2015 except for your fucking Nerdy friends. Right? Or if you're Taylor Swift's boyfriend. I don't Know Travis Kel. No. Tortured poets department isn't not the type I was like, do you know so much about Travis Kel that you know, like his his, you don't know The way He writes letters. She loves in Underwood. He Is love of vintage Underwood. He is so retro. He's a real Luddite. But there was a typewriter in Bill and Mary's chiropractic office. Remember they took it. And so the investigators take apart the typewriter.


They look at the ribbon. Did you fucking know this? It contains the ink that is pushed onto the paper by the keystrokes and the key leaves a white imprint on the black ribbon of the letter that was typed. Yes. Did you know that? Yeah. It's Like they're just doing a carbon copy of what you're writing. Kind of. That's how old I am. I used to write on typewriters. I remember when my sister got an electric typewriter. It was like we were like going crazy. Wow. Like can I do it? Can I do it? Or like that fucking old. But yeah, if you look at the ribbon, you can see what you just typed I guess backwards Or is that something, is that like a camera? Anyway? No, That makes sense. I I didn't know that. So it's kind of like something like a Perry Mason episode.


Yeah. That the potential killer would've benefited from watching because they clearly fucked this up. Ally wrote that and so the investigators unspool the ribbon and on it they clearly see the addresses that were typed onto the envelope. Like clearly this is the typewriter that was used to write those letters. So that means someone in the office who had access to that typewriter in the office wrote those letters. So only four people had regular access to that typewriter. Mary herself, the victim bill, her husband Adam, the son, and the office's receptionist, a 22-year-old woman named Kaitlyn Conley. And it turns out she's also Adam's on again off again girlfriend. Oh, okay. That I mentioned earlier. So when police bring Kaitlyn in for questioning, she immediately admits that she was the one who wrote the letters, which is like suspicious.


But she insists that it was Adam who poisoned Mary. She was just trying to like get him caught. And she says she only knows what the Colchicine is because Adam had once mentioned it to her and Kaitlyn says she's afraid of Adam and that it is Adam who's trying to frame her. Oh, I will say that when she was interviewed in the documentary, she had a lot of allegations against Adam that were very abusive, including sexual assault. She went to the police about it and there's no reason not to believe what she's saying. Right. And they have like evidence because they have the voicemails he left her that are clearly like unhinged. And we've all been in those relationships in her twenties that are like so sick and toxic.


So they have proof that that is true, that it was a toxic relationship and he was seemingly mentally and physically abusive towards her. Mm. Okay. So the medical examiner believes that Mary ingested the Colchicine at around noon on that day she got sick. And that day Adam had been 300 miles away in the Hamptons visiting his older sister. And Kaitlyn had been at the office with Mary that day and she had access to the kitchen where Mary was keeping her lunch. So then there's the email address, which is Mr. Adam Yoder 19 at Gmail. Investigators look at Adam's computer and devices and it seems like he is being honest.


There's no record of him ever having logged into that address. And. I mean you can make an email address with anyone's fucking name. Right? Right. But Kaitlyn's personal computer at her home does show her creating and logging in to that email account. Oh, okay. And it appears that she logged into it from the computer at the chiropractic clinic as well, like when they knew she was there. And there's also records on her phone. And I mean this is just like, to me it's like, what more do you need? She's searching information about Colchicine, you know? Yeah. So Kaitlyn is brought back for a second round of questioning, and at this point the police see no other possibility than that Kaitlyn poisoned Mary, but they have no idea what her motive would be.


To a large extent, we really don't get a satisfactory answer on this, which I think leaves a lot of people questioning why she did it. And that maybe means she didn't do it. She had no motive. You know, most people who believe Kaitlyn killed Mary theorized that it was either trying to hurt Adam or to get him back together with her. Whew. Yeah. And the anonymous letters blaming Adam were sent after they had broken up again. But Kaitlin never confesses, the closest she comes is that she admits that she bought the prepaid gift cards like a Visa gift card that were used to purchase the Colchicine, which is such just one step away from, right?


Yeah. There's also some people who speculate that Caitlyn was just trying to get Mary sick. So you know, Adam would run back to her, she'd be involved in the family again, you know, maybe some kind of munchausen by proxy to type of thing, but just dosed her way too hard and poisoned her. But you don't give someone 30 to 40 pills and not expect something bad to happen. Right. There's also a lot of people who just can't wrap their heads around Kaitlyn doing this, her whole family. But at first also the entire Yoder family also thinks there must be some mistake. Ultimately, most of those people wind up convinced by the evidence that she did it. But those three of Mary's sisters, the ones who can't forgive Bill for entering into a relationship with their other sister.


And of course Kaitlyn's family never believed that Kaitlyn did it. They're on her side completely. Right. And it's so creepy to watch her be interviewed from the evidence. There's no way she's not lying about at least 10 things, but she's so convincing and so calm about it and emotional about losing Mary. Like it just, she can't be completely innocent. There's no fucking way. You mean just because of all the actual proof and evidence. Yeah. That's there. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But if she is then I mean, shame on all of us. You know? Not me. Not You, not me. For sure. So four months later in early 2016, Caitlin now 23 is charged with second degree murder.


And at the trial marries patients from the morning she became sick, testified that she seemed fine that morning, her patients from after lunchtime testified that she seemed unwell. And everyone says Kaitlyn was the only other person in the office that day, a sales representative from the company that supplied the Colchicine testifies that she spoke on the phone about the order with a young woman. Oh. And it looks like she, like, from what I've heard, jumped through a lot of hoops to get these. And so it kind of, there's just more and more evidence pointed to her because she had to try so hard because it's so hard to get Yeah. Which is so weird that like she would specifically hone in on that drug when there's probably other ones that would be easier to get.


Yeah. Right. So the defense puts forward the theory that Bill Mary's husband killed her and tried to frame his own son. And their only evidence for this is that he is currently in a relationship with Mary's sister. Like that's what they use is the evidence. They have one witness, a neighbor who claims that the relationship started before Mary died. Even though the phone records don't back this up, they argue that Bill had access to Kaitlyn's computer and typewriter, and that if the Colchicine was shipped to the office would've had Kaitlyn's DNA on it because she handled all the mail that came into the office. They don't explain why Kaitlyn wrote the letters blaming Adam, which she admits to if in fact it was Bill who killed Mary.


Yeah. Which I think gives a lot of people, especially like locals to like start assuming some nefarious thing between Kaitlyn and Bill maybe, or someone framing someone out, like making it more complicated than it is. But it is still like, well, what's the motive? Yeah. It's complicated enough. Yeah. As it is. Unless it's the motive is revenge. Yes. For the things that she claimed that, that Adam did to her. Yeah. But then what? So I'm going to poison your mother. Yeah, that's, yeah. It's very odd. So after four days of deliberations, the jury deadlocks and Kaitlyn has to be tried all over again. This time the prosecutors make basically the same case with some additional evidence from a backup of Kaitlyn's phone that was unearthed between the two trials on this backup.


There are records of Kaitlyn searching for information on other poisons, including arsenic, thallium, and cyanide before looking into Colchicine. Yeah. You can't do that. Well there you have it kind of right. It's like then it isn't, it stops being so obscure and Right. Weird. And then it's like this is a person who's looking to poison somebody. Totally. Caitlyn is a new lawyer for the second trial who puts forth the theory that Adam, the son killed Mary, not Bill the husband. He argues that Adam could have used Caitlyn's devices to order the Colchicine, or that he could have hacked the devices. Caitlin's defense team points out that Adam had been abusive during their relationship.


Adam admits to this on the stand. Hmm. So the jury deadlocks again after two days of deliberation. And the judge this time is like, please fucking keep trying. You need to go back in. And so after two hours of additional deliberations, they find Kaitlyn guilty of manslaughter, but not guilty of second degree murder. And she sentenced in January of 2018 to 23 years in prison, and she's 24 at the time. Wow. Kaitlyn has recently been granted the opportunity to appeal her case after previous attempts had been rejected. And those three sisters of Mary's still don't accept Kaitlyn's guilty verdict. I, they still think Bill did it, but the rest of the Yoder family believe she killed Mary.


And that is a story of the poisoning death of Mary Yoder. I'm so mad at you right now. I cannot believe that's worse than a cold case. Oh, yeah. Because it's like, I understand that that family is like, that's a terrible rift that like Yeah. The sisters basically were forced into a reality that they hated and didn't want to be in. And it was, you know, like the daughter described like they were in hell and it just kept getting worse. But that idea that that ev literal evidence, factual evidence is piling up over here. Yeah. And you're like, Nope, it's him because, because of this damage and trauma Yeah.


That all of this kind of accrued, it's just, just worst case scenario in every way. I mean, if it is as it seems, and Kaitlyn did it and Bill and the sister like, you know, bonded over their grief, everyone's life is still destroyed. Yeah. Who had nothing to do with it. Right. Right. And it's just so tragic. But you wish she would fucking admit it with all that evidence there. It's, it's so unsatisfying that she won't, you know. Well, right. Like what is actually going on. Yeah. Is the, that's, that's my anger toward you is what is actually going on here and why can't something more be revealed about it?


Because like, she killed a person. Yeah. Like she murdered a person that she was basically like very close to. Yeah. For seemingly no reason. Yeah. And then almost like that's being used to distance her from the, what the evidence says she did. Right. Because you know, if the, if you really pin it on the husband, he had more of a motive than this random girlfriend ex-girlfriend did. But it doesn't make sense that he, it doesn't fit. But, but Did he, because I think it didn't, the relationship that happened with the sister happen because of the loss Yes. And the grief. But People are assuming it happened before and like nobody knew about it and, and like, you know, life insurance policy, all that bullshit, but, but it doesn't.


God, That's weird. Did you wanna know? Yeah. Watch The documentary because you try so hard. It's called Little Miss Innocent on Hulu and you try so hard when she's talking on camera to like look for the lie and to look for the tell and to understand how someone could do such a thing and then like convince themselves so much that they didn't do it. That they're able to bullshit their way with smart people in the room Somehow. You know? Yeah. I think that's when that happens. Oftentimes people aren't bullshitting and they didn't have to convince themselves of anything because they're completely in, in their mind. Separate. Separate rooms, separate things.


It didn't happen. Yeah. Like that is seems like a, the way a lot of people are able to kind of hold that, it's not like acting like you And I were, it's like we gotta get away with this and we gotta convince somebody. Right. It's not like it's the truth or That person don't, 'cause we don't do that. Also, I found out recently speaking of that, that I've been saying disassociation and it's, that's not the right word. Dissociation. Yep. Yeah. My therapist corrected me in therapy. You should fire that therapist. It'd be like, you just traumatized me. Disassociate. I haven't been saying disassociation this whole time. That's what she was doing. I've been saying library. Look, we're all human beings. That was, I am so mad what's gonna happen?


Like it feels like there's another shoe that's gonna drop on that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But they're already to the documentary stage, The fucking all 10 toes on the ground already. Whew. I know, I know. Well, great job. Thank you. I mean, Great frustrating job Compelling content. That's what we're all looking for these days. Podcasts need compelling content. Everyone knows. Oh man, what a, what a great short one where it's like it's gonna be short, but it'll drive you out of your mind. Yes. Like pay attention the entire time. Yeah. All right, well let's do a couple. What are you even doing right now is to kind of dismount from this to Disassociate, from to Dis disassociate.


From it Disassociate, right. Disassociate. Oh Jesus. I mean so many conversations and parties and that I've had that, I've used that word and people, no one's told me, Oh, that they don't care and they didn't remember because they're thinking about how weird they were at that party. Were they also like, oh shit am have I been wrong this whole time? Could be. Or they're like, I don't even know what that word means. Okay. Right. Yeah. Okay, I'm gonna take it. Ah, I give a shit. I'm not, I'm not known for my fucking vocabulary. Like that's not part of my persona. Have You heard about the rising sea levels? Like it does not matter. The FDA Doesn't fucking check your vitamin CI Take so many supplements sometimes none of them have been Checked.


Right, exactly. Alright, well let's see. My first one is from the MFM gmail. It says, what are you even doing right now? What am I even doing? That's a great way to start it. I love it. Like how dare you ask. I as a 22-year-old am learning to prioritize my peace and spending my night listening to you guys while crocheting Halloween stuff to sell at a market. You guys have inspired me to do what I love and put myself first. Thank you Isabel. I love that I do too. Good job, Isabelle. The whole reframing of I'm doing nothing to, I am taking care of myself and finding my peace. Yes. You know? I love that. Yeah. Good job Isabel. Beautiful. This one is from Instagram from Joe Coyle.


Eight maybe Joe Coy, the standup comic. Joy. Joy Cole. Oh, joy Cole eight. What are you even doing right now? Drinking a beer at 10:00 AM in the Denver airport because there wasn't coffee on the menu and not noticing the coffee on the menu until right after I ordered my beer. Smiley face. Perfection. Ugh. That's a perfect, what are you doing right now? It's the only place you can drink at 10:00 AM is the airport You can drink at 6:00 AM at the airport. Yeah. You're at the airport. There's no time. There's no rules, Time's gone. It's all gone out the window. Do your thing also because truly one one's judging you at the airport. Nope. At all. We've all had our nightmares at the airport.


It's just too hard to be there. Yeah. Also, everything is too hard Right now. It's so hard. It's hard. Everything's hard. Have a beer. Have a beer, then have a cup of coffee and then go back to another beer that's called the Irishman's. Poor irishman's cocaine. Really? No, you couldn't tell. I was making that up as I was stumbling Through. I could, but I was really hoping for it. The poor Irish Schmitz cookie. Okay, one more. Yeah. This says, what are you even doing? Right? This is a subject line. What are you even doing right now? Plumb cake, jump scare. And then it says, what am I even doing right now? Sitting in my local pub trivia bar, waiting for the game to start and trying to finish up listening to Georgia's story about nanny dos, the giggling granny who poisoned people with plumb cake.


And then in parentheses it says, A food I did not know existed until today. Only to look up at the bar's food menu. No. Which changes weekly and audibly gasp at today's dessert. German plum cake. What? And then it says, life is a simulation. You ladies are my favorite part of it. Love ya. Bye Zoe. It really Is. It is. I love those little winks from the universe. What? Have You ever seen plumb cake in the wild? I've eaten it at my grandma's house after she made it. And that is it. I mean that's, I love the Zoe. Good one. I love that. I wonder If the baker was is a merino though. That was my first thought. It's like go to the bar and like talk to the fucking baker. You're saying we program the simulation.


We are in charge of reality. It's actually our fucking simulation that you are fucking in. Welcome to the simulation bitches. And what are you even doing right now in it? Because we are controlling it. I think that's good, right? I think so. Yeah. That Was a nice final cake. Jump scare. That's right button. Think of all the plum cakes we're gonna get when we go on tour again. Backstage allade plum cakes and I'll eat them all. Even though someone warned us, there could be blood in them, there Could be anything in them. I Don't fucking eat it. Gout medicine from God Sake. I'm not eating it. Oh well. Anyway, stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow The show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite Murder and Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.