
This is exactly right.


Hi, I'm Erin Welsh And. I'm Erin Alman. Updike. And We are the hosts of This. Podcast. Will. Kill You on exactly right. We Are back with our seven season, which is bigger And, better than ever, Because guess what? We're now a weekly show. This season, we're tackling everything from long covid to Norovirus, from the supplement industry to I, VF And, so, so much more. New episodes drop every single Tuesday. Follow This. Podcast Will, Kill You. Wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello And Welcome To My. favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard stark. That's Karen Kgo. What? Who? That's Karen Kilgar with the good blowout. That's what I was gonna say. That's, That's Karen Kill. Go on. Go On with your blowout. I. Can't stop looking at your blowout. Your shiny, beautiful Bob. However, right behind you are the most, two of the most beautiful looking cannolis I've ever seen in my fucking life. Why are they there? Those were brought to me. Why did you do That? To me? Those were brought to me. And. Those are, that's kind of like a carrot on a stick for you, Ooh, where it's like, keep going, keep going. And at the end of this, I'll give you one please. I can Have a bite Of one.


You can have a whole one And. You can pick which one you want. Okay. That. That just works for me. I wanna say Nick Roso, who works here at exactly right with us, brought them to me, has brought me a couple, because he goes to fucking Pinocchios in Burbank. Ooh. I. Don't know That one. Ooh. You would love That Place. Yeah. It's an Italian restaurant. That. I. Feel like has been there since 1942. Ooh That. Sounds familiar. Okay. And. They have amazing gelato. Mm. Classic Italian, whatever you want. Pizza, lasagna. I want it. All of it. Booths Amazing. Yes. All the stuff. Everything. And a whole Italian grocery store.


Ooh. My God. So A grocery store. And. A restaurant is like my passion, right? Like Yes, please. Pinoc, Cracker Barrel. I'm in, Whatever. Any combination. And shopping, And eating, Yes, Yes, for sure. Those are two of my faves. So those, when I walked into my office today, And, the light was off. So when I walked in, I thought That I had left a half eaten burrito on my desk. And I was like, that's gross. And ants. Like, what am I doing? Yeah. And. When I flipped the light on, it was those beauties. And I walked two offices down. And I was like, Hey, cannoli. Delivery And. He was like, I went to Pokus. I thought you'd like it. Is it because let's transition right into like you're gonna fucking Italy.


It might be. It might be because he's That was his send off To me. That's a great send off. I'm so, it's so exciting to get to go on vacation. But also it is so like to be planning as a person like me who I don't even understand how my brain works. I have been packing for a week. And a half Ooh. That's smart. Laying Stuff out on the table. And being like, that's there. I need That. Like editing it throughout This week. That's actually really smart. 'cause I'm the night before over pack, like I don't know who I'm packing for, but it's not me. Right? It's like not It's the girl. I wanna be Yeah. It's dream. It's dream you in a different city. Yeah. Right? Right. But I think I have gone on enough trips where I try to pretend like I'm the girl.


That doesn't really care. Right? It's the same reason like the patch of hair. That's kind of never brushed Yeah. But I do care. Of course care. I just can't manage my time correctly. Yeah I can't conceptualize time. I think I really have been convinced by TikTok. That. I have a DHD. I. Think you And. I have different flavors of a DH. adhd. Yeah. I mean, I've definitely been diagnosed. We're not throwing this fucking thing around. But there's different variants. And, there's different, or it's a spectrum. Yeah. And, you And. I have a completely opposite Yes opposite ones. But I do think That. There's some time management things. That would be explained in That way for both of us on our extremes. Well, And just to, not to be defensive, but just to say for myself, the thing That, I really identify with is That.


When they talk about like, it's not time management. I don't under like, time doesn't Yeah work in my brain the same way. Yeah. So if I sit somewhere, And, it's like 15 minutes. And pass. And. Then I have to be somewhere. I. Absolutely have to hire someone to come in. And go. You have to go. It's now, because if I'm left to my own devices, I'll be like, there's no way 15 minutes have passed. That's, it's like three hours. That's so interesting. I'll sit there. And I won't be able to do anything else because I'm waiting for those 15 minutes to to go, because that's all I can concentrate on And. Then I'll leave three minutes early just to make sure That, I'm there on time. Wow. Like It's just obsessive. I won't plan a day if I have So home at one o'clock. Because I have to wait until That moment to like, that's all I can think about.


That's Not a good combination for you. And. I. I mean. It explains so many things. It does. I. Just think about like our first year on the road. Yeah. Ooh. My God, God, Ooh, Ooh. Shit. Pre Vince. Ooh. Even post Vince. Post Vince. Remember That time we were, we were in Oslo, And. He had to come to my room. And. I was like, had just stepped out of the shower. And. He is like, we're going on stage in 15 minutes. I was like, so what's this? You say like, I. Think that's night. I went on stage in my pajamas. Okay. We went on stage in our pajamas because our luggage got lost. Ooh. God, thank God, thank God. I was remembering. It was like I blew it so Badly. That was not you. Okay. Okay, great. Thank you. Yeah. Good to Know. That wasn't That.


And actually. That was so fun. It was So fun. That was like, We did a show in Oslo. Yeah. And. It was like we were in this beautiful, it was like there was a lot of velvet curtains, Yeah, And. It was like carpeted walls. So it was like, it was very comforting. And. Like Yeah. We were in utero. The reason we went to Oslo is so dumb. It's because I like this song by this super obscure band called Oslo in the summertime, And, we were going to Sweden. And. I was like, let's go to Oslo too. So I can say, I've been to Oslo In the summertime. In the summertime. Yeah, the band is of Montreal. They're fucking incredible. If you ever need a band, but that's just a weird reason to get on a plane.


And. Go. Go somewhere. Well Look, if We can sell tickets, sure, we'll show up. We Did And. We did And. We did. which fucking did And. Then We met a bunch of amazing Norwegian Marinos Yeah who spoke English better than us. And. A lot of expats. That were badass. Yes, Which Was fun. And our Italians, who came to see us Yes. We should know their names. Why would we know the Italians named I could describe their glasses? You go find them when you're in Italy. Yo, That's a good idea. Yeah. I'm excited for you. That's a really amazing Trip. Ooh, my God. I'm so excited. That. I'm so excited. That. I'm doing a thing where like I, go onto Netflix, And I, enter Sicily into the search bar. Yeah, just to see if there's any TV shows.


I can watch to see people walking around different parts of Sicily. Is there a somebody Feed Phil episode? Ooh, Don. Don't know. I didn't even think about it. That's my favorite. Yeah. You love That. Charlie do. That is to say, That. This is an episode where only Karen's telling a story. We, we've had a couple of those. This is the last one. So We have content while we're out of town, but also can go out of town. That's right. one, one begrudges us a vacation. We're giving them ass story And. Then we save like meaty ones for these, for solos. So like There should be no complaints. Why am I mad? I defending my who am I yelling at I. Have a book to recommend And. Then we can get started. It's like a good vacation book. That. I can't put down. What If I have a book to recommend?


Right? And. We can both recommend books. I thought the way you said It was And. Then we can get started. Ooh. I. Just Feel. like, if you don't, okay, Yeah. You know what? You're right. I did kind of I. Don't have a book. I can't read This. Book's called Olga Dies Dreaming by CIO Gonzalez. Mm. And. It's about this like interesting badass woman who grew up in Brooklyn in the Puerto Rican neighborhood of Brooklyn. She's like a badass wedding planner now. But she's super complicated. And. It's also about her family. And. What they've gone through And. It's so fucking good. I can't put it down. Like this Chick is so inspiring, but also so messy. That, you love her so much. And, you're like rooting for her to find herself And.


I'm hoping she does by the end, because I'll cry if she doesn't. I mean I. Feel like this. In the modern day, we've come to understand That. We want to hear stories. And talk about people who are messy. Yeah, real human, Yeah. Everything else is so fucking boring. It is And untrue, Right? Dishonest. Dishonest. Yeah. That's right. Totally messy time. What's your book? Just Pick, make, make one up. I have a book. It's called Our Town. It's a wonderful play by Thornton Wilder. Aandra. Please say Aandra. You went to college. Please Say Yeah Thornton Wilder.


Fuck Yeah. Did you see That? You got That. That was amazing. Didn't you hear me say it? I did. But like I Yeah thought I was great. Yeah I wouldn't have I. Couldn't have And. I shouldn't have And. You never will. And, I mustn't. Okay. We have a podcast network. And, we like to tell you things about it. You know, to keep you up to date because maybe you listen to this podcast. We've got a bunch of great ones. Handpicked Yeah by none other than Karen And, myself, Yeah. So like you probably like them too. That's right. If You go to Exactly Right Media dot com, you can see them all. If you put in exactly right, wherever you listen to podcasts, the network should come up. And, all our podcasts are there. So many And. Please rate review. And subscribe. Everyone appreciates it. Also, we have brand new urine OC Cult Call Your dad Merch, designed by Illustrator Jess Rodder, who makes the coolest rock And roll inspired artwork.


I'm obsessed with this design. There's a T-shirt, a sweatshirt And, a tote bag, That. You can get online@myfavoritemurder.com. It looks like a poster. That would be at the Fillmore in 1968. Mm. Classic. It's such beautiful, cool Yeah artwork. It is. You can also follow exactly right on social media, And. Learn more about what's happening This week on your favorite podcast. Those ones we were generalizing about at the top of this announcement. For example, I Saw what you Did. That's our movie podcast. Bananas. The Weird News podcast. There's so many, so Many And. Then episode 15 of Rewind with Karen And. Georgia is available now. And. It features crimes from the year 2000.


I was listening to an episode of Rewind last night, just for like, you know, quality control. Sure. And. It was weird to hear myself back then. All bubbly. And And. Like a little bourbon up. Sure, you Know, Yeah, Yeah, That Girl was drinking a whiskey straight at the time. Also, imagine That. You're listening to a podcast of yourself recapping a podcast of yourself. Inception, I mean it's Fucking inception. Narcissism. Inception Goes And. No, I'm just trying to make sure the product we're giving people. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. No judgments. No all judgments. Only, Judgments, Only, Judgments. If you love my favorite murder, that's what we're doing right now. Please go. Rate review, And. Follow the show wherever you get your podcast.


Yeah. It's a simple thing you can do. That helps any podcast out That. When you like them, do That, All the ones you like. Yeah, touch those stars. Yeah, even say some nice stuff about it. Sure it helps. It does. And. If you don't like a podcast, you know, just ignore it. Yeah, Move on. There's other ones. Yeah, Please.


Did you know That everyday life can mess with your hair. The foods you eat, the products you use, or just trying to stay alive in 2024 can all take a toll. All That stress can affect your hair growth cycle. Leading to thinning, And shedding. Let's get to the root of the issue with neutrophil. Neutrophil targets. The root causes of hair thinning, And shedding from within your hair is never just about your hair. And Neutrophil knows That. It could be about your dating life, your diet, the juggling act. That Parenting can be finding your rhythm, And, new routines, or even following your favorite sports team. In an intense season. It could be almost anything. That has almost nothing to do with hair And. That's why Neutrophil takes a whole body approach to hair health. Addressing the problems inside to help the hair grow on the outside with neutrophil. Creating your hair growth routine is simple. Purchase online, no prescription or doctor's visits are required. Free shipping And. Automated deliveries ensure you'll never miss a day. And see results in three to six months. Get to the root of your hair concerns with neutrophil. As I'm getting a little older, my hair is definitely starting to thin. And, it's a bummer. It's not fun to see That happening, especially because I've had really thick full hair for so long. Neutrophil is this thing. That works inside your body. You're gonna see improved hair growth. You're gonna see less shedding. You'll see visible thickness in your hair, And. It's just like such a relief to be able to rely on That. So address your root causes of hair thinning with neutrophil the hair growth routine. That keeps up with your life for a limited time. Nutriful is offering our listeners $10 off your first month's subscription, And free shipping when you go to nutriful.com. And, enter the promo code murder nutra fold.com. Spelled N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com, promo code murder. That's nut nutriful.com promo code Murder goodbye


fall is finally here. And, I'm ready to hard launch into spooky season. And. As That chill creeps into the air. It's the perfect time to wrap yourself in So home Cozy from Quince. Quince is the best place to shop for all your fall staples. That includes beautiful leather jackets, cotton cardigans, soft denim, And, so much more. And. Check out their cashmere collection from crew neck sweaters to oversized cardigans. They have everything you need to look And. Feel lux when you're looking at a piece on the Quince website. You can scroll down And, see how real people have styled it. And if the fit was true to size or not. Everything is priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. Because Quince works directly with top factories. That cut out the middleman, And pass the savings along to you And. Once your order arrives, you have a whole year to return it. I love Quince. I was scrolling their website recently. And. They just have so much beautiful like classic stuff going on. That, everything. You buy I Feel, like it's gonna be a lifetime piece That thing in your closet when you always turn to it because it's classic. It's cozy, you feels good in it. And, you look great. Like Quince does That. So get cozy And quince, high quality wardrobe essentials. Go to quince.com/mfm for free shipping on your order. And 300 And 65 day returns. That's QU I NC e.com/mfm. To get free shipping. And 300 And 65 day returns. quince.com/mfm. Goodbye.


All right, I'm doing a solo And. I'm so excited to get to do this Solo. Marin And I talked about this. Marin did a such a gorgeous job on this research. I'm she is. Marin McGlashan is my researcher. Ali Elkin is Georgia's researcher. We're so lucky to have such talented researchers. And. So this story, Marin And I talked about And. The reason I wanted to do it is because it took place in 1969 And in 1969. My mom was a psychiatric nurse at a, a hospital in San. Francisco called Langley Porter. That was up on the hill above Coal Valley. do you remember That like hospital or That Spot?


Is it? Is it em? Is it abandoned now? That's the barracks. That used to be over in like North. No, no, no. They're Just gonna come out. Final answer. No, I don't think it's a band, but I'm not sure. Yeah. Okay, but I don't think so. But she told me this unbelievable story about the Night That. This happened. Wow. So she worked in the psychiatric unit at this hospital, but it was 1969. So at the time a lot of parents were sending their kids who they caught smoking pot to mental hospitals. Right? As a kind of like, we don't know what to do with you And. This is crazy. It was truly like the cultural revolution of the late sixties. Yeah was truly blowing a lot of people's minds.


Not just the ones That are taking drugs, Yeah. So there were a lot of true mental patients. And people with mental disorders. That were getting treatment on this Ward. And. Then there was just teenagers. Yeah. That got sent there. Wow. So on the night of this, these teenagers, And, some of the patients on this ward found out this concert was taking place. And. They snuck out And. When they came back, they were not the same. So Ooh, the story takes place December 6th, 1969. It's the Altamont, Free, Concert, Ooh. No Yes, And And. Your mom was like witness the people coming And then going, these Poor kids coming back.


'cause they were, she was like, you know, they were sneaking out, but she's like Ooh. They're just gonna go Yeah. And. What it was supposed to be was a free concert in Golden Gate Park. Right? Which was truly a couple blocks away. Yeah And. Altamont was like kind of far away, right? Livermore outside Of town completely More than a half an hour. Yeah outside of town. So it was supposed to be this one day festival featuring some of the biggest names in Music And. It was free. The superstar lineup includes Crosby Stills, And Nash, the Flying Burrito Brothers, Jefferson Airplanes, Santana, the Grateful Dead And. The top of the bill is the Rolling Stones who have just wrapped a very successful US tour.


So it's supposed to be the West Coast. Woodstock. Woodstock had just happened in the August of 1969, And New York State. So now it's supposed to be California's turn And. The excitement around this thing is enormous. Everyone's talking about it. But what ended up happening, And, we know what happened at Woodstock where, you know, it was like not really well planned. Yeah And. It went on, And on. But it was this like free love, good vibes, success. Yeah Yeah it. It worked out. Yes Altamont is the exact opposite. Okay? It will go down in history as some call it the anti Woodstock. Others will say it marks the death of the sixties hippie dream. Mick Jagger himself will say, quote, if Jesus has been at Altamont, he would've been crucified.


Damn. This is the story of one of the darkest moments in rock And roll history. The 1969 Altamont, Free Concert. Wow, Yeah. So the main sources Mar used in today's story are the book Justice Shot Away by Saul Oates. The book Altamont by Joel Selvin, And, the reporting of Jeff Edgers, which is featured in the Washington Posts Podcast. All told, okay, which Maren said was great. And highly recommends Yeah. It's a good podcast. Yeah And. The rest of the sources are in our show notes. So first we're gonna talk about an 18-year-old black man named Meredith Hunter, who goes by the name Murdoch. He lives in Berkeley, California. And.


He is a music fanatic as many were of the time. But he really was Murdoch's childhood was very difficult. His father leaves the family when he is young. And his mother. Alta raises Murdoch And his siblings, not only as a single parent, but while she struggles with schizophrenia. Oof writer Saul Oster says, quote, if you were black, And, schizophrenic, there was little hope of fruitful treatment. And, because of this, Alta struggles to hold down a job. The children sometimes go hungry. When Murdoch is just 11 years old. He starts getting into trouble with the law as one would expect no support, no services.


What else are you supposed to do through his teens, Murdoch hangs out with a rough crowd. Then he gets into drugs. He's in And outta juvenile detention for various nonviolent And for petty crimes. But he's also a beloved member of this family. When his sister's widowed, he becomes a very important part of her children's lives. Also, Murdoch has a very distinctive charm about him. His then 17-year-old girlfriend, Patty Bre Hoft will later say, Murdoch didn't walk. He kind of floated. He had this walk where he was super cool, always in a suit. When he picked me, it made me feel special. Plus he was very sweet. We just really had a connection.


So at six Foot two, Murdoch exudes personality, And confidence. He's always dressed to the nines. His style sets him apart. But his never ending appetite for seeing excellent live music is So home. He has common with so many other kids in his generation. And, earlier in the year, he went to the Monterey Jazz Festival. Had an amazing time. He's still bummed. He didn't get to go to Woodstock. You know, he's one of those people. He wants to be at every big music event. So when Word starts to spread That, there's gonna be this free West Coast version of Woodstock. Murdoch's all in. He has no way of knowing That. Behind the scenes.


Altamont is shaping up to be a serious disaster. So the idea behind the Altamont Free Concert is lovely. A free concert in San. Francisco makes a ton of sense at the time. San Francisco is the epicenter of the music obsessed hippie movement. And free concerts are a well-known part of the culture. Bands like the Grateful Dead And Jefferson Airplane have already hosted free shows at Golden Gate Park to great success. Have you been to shows in in GoldenGate Park? I Went to a festival there when I lived there. But I don't remember anything about it. I mean. It's just because That Park is so beautiful. It's so sprawling. Yeah, And, I.


Can't even remember what what show I was at. 'cause I'm sure I was very drunk. But I, just remember the setting, like the size And the setting was. So like, it was really this kind of, this is an event. Yeah Yeah. I'm a part of So home. Yeah. It was very cool. So the Rolling Stones, like the idea of being a part of a free concert for a few reasons. They wanna thank their American audiences who have been so supportive of this tour. That, they just did it. Also, they're hoping it might silence the critics who accuse the band of charging too much for tickets on this tour. Plus the band is currently filming a documentary of That Tour, right with the Maisels Brothers, Albert And David.


They're the filmmaking duo behind the legendary documentary. great Gardens And, a bunch of others. And obviously, what is soon to be the documentary they're gonna make about the Rolling Stones. Yeah. We wa Vincent might watched That a while back. Yeah fucked Up. It's tough. So The Stones know there's real cinematic value. And capturing a well-attended concert. You know, Yeah like headlining Golden Gate Park. Totally. It would be an undeniably iconic ending to this film. But in true anti-authority, hippie fashion, the plan for this concert moves forward with no central structure or leadership. Just dozens of people acting as pseudo organizers operating under no singular chain of command.


When I read That sentence, I began to sweat Yeah. You can't do That. So stressful. And just a recipe for disaster Yeah, no matter what you're doing, Yeah. So it's just this chaotic group of musicians, And managers, And promoters, And. They so kind of together, they decide to set a date. That's only a couple weeks away. No. December 6th, 1969. And. Then Mick Jagger's giving an interview on November 26th, which is relatively right before And. So he confirms the rumors of an upcoming free concert in Golden Gate Park. Ooh, my God And.


He does this before anyone has locked down Golden Gate Park as the venue, as the location. Really Yeah. So the very hippie vibed kind of planning about this No one is considered the bureaucracy that's involved when you want to access Yeah. A place like the City Park permits And shit. Exactly. So while Bay Area bands like the Grateful Dead have connections with City of San, Francisco And, the people That work there, the Rolling Stones, they're a much bigger band with a notorious reputation. And. They do not. So less than a week before the announced date of September 6th, San, Francisco City officials decide That, they're not going to grant permits for a free concert in Golden Gate Park.


Mm. So suddenly that's all off the table. And. Incredibly, because there's no central leadership in this group. They don't get together. And plan a different, you know, Hey, we could do it later on. Yeah And, different dates, same place, Yeah, whatever. Instead they just start looking for other venues with just days to spare shit. one of those venues is Sears Point Raceway in Sonoma, California. Ooh Your friend, Merely 10 minutes away from Petaluma. Possibly 15. Damn. If you wanna go to Sacramento, you kind of drive by Sea. Sears Point, Raceway one. Did you go there? one of the ways to go As a kid, And stuff. We never went to Sears Point. This link a, it's like an adult car racing place.


Exactly. It's not like, 'cause that's what Altamont was, right? It's not like a, I'm thinking of little kids driving Ooh. No, no, it's not. Go-karts. Yeah Yeah. Go-Kart. No, no. Sears Point is real. It's like na, nascar, Yeah I. Don't know if it's officially nascar, but it was very loud. You could hear it Ooh. My God I bet you could hear it sometimes in Petaluma if the, you know, if the weather was correct Because there's probably no like regulations on what you could put on your engine. And. Shit. And. It was just like Back then. I'm sure there wasn't. That's so crazy. Yeah And. It's still there. And. It's still a real place. Really. It's, it's like a, it's a serious place. Nice. We're, we're very proud of Sears Point. Also, it's That kind of thing where I've been hearing all my childhood of like things on the radio being announced where it's like this weekend, it's Sears Point, Raceway, Yeah, Ooh, my God I.


Love it. So this seems like the best option. It's 30 miles from San Francisco. But then negotiations fall apart three days before. Guys the schedule, concert date, fucking after the venue owners find out That, the Rolling Stones wanna film there. And, they demand a hundred thousand dollars for rights to filming. That's a lot of Money. Guess how much it is in today's money? Okay, Inflation's fucking huge. That's 1969. And. It's 6 50, 650, $800,000. Wow. Almost a million dollars. That's just almost like saying We don't want it here. Here's a fucking made up number. We know you're gonna say no. Go fuck yourself.


Yes. Because I think the people at Sea Point were like, We saw what happened at Woodstock, right? All those hippies on drugs not taking weird baths in a pond. The insurance Alone would cost half of That fucking fee. Probably. You know what I mean? Yes. No Yeah. And. They're gonna fuck the whole thing up. Yes. And. Like it'll be dirty And. You have to, to clean it up. And everything. Yeah. So it's kind of smart. 'cause then if they got the money, then hey, sure. So for this Rolling Stones, this is an immediate deal breaker. You know, That price at like the idea of doing it without being able to film it. Yeah That ain't happening because this is like basically the crucial ending for their documentary Yeah. So it seems like the whole idea's ready to collapse, but not everyone's ready to give up I.


Don't think people like give enough credit to fucking cutting your losses. And. Moving on. For Real. Like that's a big thing of mine. Like when I would be like, this relationship is over. Yes. I'm Done. Be Done. It's okay. It's okay. Things end all the time. Yeah, that's Like, because things could be worse then you cut your losses, meaning you're not gonna gain more losses. Correct. That's right. Okay, Well said. So, rolling Stone Magazine reports a quote. Jagger kept saying, well man will play the streets if we have to. Which is kind of cool. Yeah, he was almost prepared to pick a street corner in downtown San, Francisco And play there. End quote. So with just two days to go, me, me with a tot stomach as I'm like going into this document, the organizers find a dusty remote racetrack in the city of Livermore, 60 miles east of San Francisco.


This is the Altamont Speedway. This time the owner of the racetrack doesn't ask for much, aside from the promotional boost that'll come with being associated with this concert. Okay? But the location is not ideal. What's funny is driving from Petaluma to La I Drive by Altamont. Really, that's how you get from the five 80 to the five South Yeah Yeah. You basically go by it. Ooh I mean Don. Don't think you can see anything from the freeway. Not That I know of Yeah, but it's, it's right there. Basically Yeah. So the Speedway is far away from the city. The atmosphere is nowhere as nice, of course as Golden Gate Park or Sears Point. Raceway And. The largest crowd That Altamont has ever hosted is 6,000 people.


This concert is expected to draw a hundred thousand people. Wow. I was even gonna guess like 25. No, no Big time. No on top of everything else, the organizers have less than 48 hours to now pull this entire thing together. Just talk about, let's just think about like a festival Yeah Day. What's involved, what people have to organize Yeah to put So home. Like That together. Seriously, at this point, the Grateful Dead front men, Jerry Garcia thinks the whole thing should be called off. But because the Rolling Stones are still on board, And, they're huge. That's all it takes for the motley crew of organizers to basically fall in line. They start recruiting volunteers from around the Bay Area to help build the stage for bands to perform on And, to haul in the sound equipment.


Volunteers building a concert stage. Yeah, no, you don't know how to build a fucking concert stage. You gotta get your guys That like wear those two book tool belts all the time. You gotta get right, you gotta get your union guys, Contractors who know how like Gravity works. And shit. And people That have Done it And, Done it, And Done it, And Done It. You like, own a leveler. You know what I mean? At the very least. At the very least, You have to have a mustache or a beard, please. So they think that's parts taken care of. Now they move on to the very important task of hiring security. Enter the Hell's Angels I. Wonder what it would've been like if this part hadn't been there.


It would've been a mess, but it wouldn't have been Right as Bad. It wouldn't have gone down in history. I. Feel like, Well it's interesting you say That. Well, we'll get to That point. It's Interesting. I say That, And, I, Don. Dunno the whole story. So keep going. Well, But that's the fun part of these kinds of conversations. Yeah. 'cause you don't, you don't know And Yeah. You're, what you're citing is interesting. Okay, And, it will come up. So if you're a millennial or older, then you know the Hell's Angels. If you don't, if you're young or you're uncool old And uncool. The Hell's Angels are an infamous motorcycle gang, notorious around California. They were California based And.


They had become a household name because of their outlaw image. And their serious crimes. That, they committed constantly. They were in the news a lot. It was scary. Yeah. Even in the late seventies when I kind of became conscious of That, That kind of motorcycle gang energy, Yeah. There were definitely tons of like Hell's Angel type people who absolutely were not like That, And, That were just like, you know, Harley guys or whatever. But this particular motorcycle gang was, at the time, not, it wasn't good. It was like a true gang Yeah. They were notorious for sure. So it sounds like a bizarre choice for security for an event like this.


But like the youth culture of the time, the Hell's Angels typified, anti-Authority rebellion. The Gangs Bay Area chapter already has a relationship with the local music scene. Grace Slick, who is one of the lead singers of Jefferson Airplane, talks about it on the All told podcast saying quote, police didn't like people with long hair. They knew We smoked dope. So they'd try And, catch us doing That. We in turn didn't want them around. The hell's Angels are not gonna take us to jail. But they can be tough like a cop. We'd Done a number of concerts in Golden Gate Park. And the Hell's Angels had been there to make sure everything went okay. They never messed with anybody. Hmm. They were always okay, And.


When somebody would get on stage when they're not supposed to be, they'd just go over And. Tell them not to. So we said We could get the Hell's Angels to be security at Altamont End quote. So the Hells Angels aren't interested in acting like cops And. They don't wanna be policing the event, right? They don't, that's not their style. But they do agree to guard the stage, And the equipment on very short, short notice, And for a very cheap price. $500 worth of beer, Which is so much beer at the time. Which at the time is how much beer, Which is at the time is $4,000 worth of beer. Right? Right. And probably cheap beer. Shitty cheap beer for sure. Yeah. So we're kind of setting That stage of like the expectations.


And, Hey, this has worked before. Yeah And. Hey, my dad's got a barn And. We can go over to Altamont. And says, we'll just throw this thing together. Yeah for Mick Jagger. And for everybody trying to have a fun free show. Yeah. Meanwhile, back in Berkeley, Murdoch Hunter is preparing to go to this concert. And, he is excited, but not Everyone in Murdoch's life. Feels great about his plan to go to Altamont. His sister Dixie warns him That. He might not be safe as a black man going out where this concert's being held. Hmm. She points out because Murdoch's girlfriend Patty is white. That So home could happen to them as an interracial couple. This is basically as far out of San Francisco as you can get. And at That time.


Yeah. It says Less urban on the page. It was not urban at all. It's like rural. It's completely country. Yeah, And, you know, And. It goes country really fast out there because there's so much farming, Yeah, livestock, all That kind of stuff. Yeah, That. It's, it goes city to country. Real quick. Wow. Years later, Dixie tells the Allt told podcast quote. I said, that's not a good place for you. My husband Owneds some trucks. He would go collect iron And stuff out there. And. He would take me. I have seen Ku Klux Klan crosses. That have been burnt in those fields. Wow. Yeah. So the truth is, Murdoch is determined to go.


It's That. He's 18 Yeah. He's got the world on a string. And Like maybe one of the most like legendary concerts. That will happen. Yeah, And, That. He's gonna miss it. And. It's in his like neighborhood. Basically. It's rights. What? Of course he's gonna go. Of course he's gonna go. So on the morning of December 6th, he puts on a black silk shirt, a lime green suit, And, a wide brimmed black hat. Then he takes his mother's boyfriend's, champagne colored, 1965 Muck Mustang Ooh, my God. Stop it right now, right? And. He goes, And picks up Patty And. He heads out to Livermore And. Patty will later say quote. Nobody knew exactly what it was gonna be like out there. Peace And, love And, hippies, And, all That.


We thought Ooh, it's just gonna be a big party. Yeah.


Let's be honest. We all want to cook healthy dinners. But after a long day, who has the energy to tackle a complicated recipe? It's way easier to just grab some takeout And. If you've tried meal kits before, you've probably ended up with a box of limp veggies. And a set of instructions. That feel more like homework than cooking. But Home. Chef keeps things simple. And stress free. Home Chef has step-by-Step recipes. That are designed to make cooking a breeze. Whether you're a total beginner or a confident cook. Looking to save time with speedy recipes. That are ready in less than 30 minutes. And oven ready dishes. That require zero prep. You can choose the meals That work for you. So no more feeling overwhelmed, no more racing against the clock. Just delicious meals That come together effortlessly every time. Home Chef boxes are conveniently delivered to your doorstep to simplify your cooking experience. And Home Chef has over 30 options a week. And serves a variety of dietary needs so you don't have to worry about what to make ahead of time. Plus, they roll out 18 fresh options every week. Like cornmeal, crusted, shrimp tacos, or hot honey bacon crusted chicken. Not only is it convenient, but it's economical too. Home Chef customers save an average of $86 per month on groceries. You guys, at this point, I've tried every single one of these home delivery meal prep situations. And I will tell you right now, That Home Chef is the one That. I don't end up canceling because it's so easy. Home. Chef has it all. It's really simple. It makes your life easier because you don't have to spend hours in the kitchen Cooking. I got roasted red pepper, salmon cakes, This week And. They were delicious. Hot green chili chicken thigh toasts, like their menu is actually incredible. And for a limited time, Home Chef is offering our listeners 18 free meals plus free dessert for life. And, of course, free shipping on your first box, go to Home Chef dot com slash mfm. That's Home Chef dot com slash mfm for 18. Free meals plus free dessert for life. Yep, you heard That right? Home Chef dot com slash mfm must be an active subscriber to receive free dessert. Goodbye.


Hey, it's Georgia. Karen stepped out for a minute. So let's talk about So home. Really important, you guys. Cats aren't cats great? Don't you love their little paws? They're just the best, right? And. If you're a cat lover like me, you'll know your sweet baby. Angel deserves the best And. That's where pretty litter comes in, right? Mimi Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter. That Controls odors absorbs moisture And changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. It's amazing at instantly trapping odors. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight, low dust And. one six pound bag lasts up to a month. Pretty litter can also give you peace of mind. Their crystals will change color to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infections, And, kidney issues, And the best part. Pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I am obsessed with my cats, you guys. You know, That, And, everything. That comes with them. And litter is one of those things. That, you gotta think about a lot when you have a cat. And. The thing to think about a lot is That litter, dust getting on my pillow. Does my house stink when people come over? Pretty litter helps take care of all of That, but also gives you peace of mind with That color changing health monitor so you really know what's going on with your cat. And. To me, That is priceless. Pretty litter is amazing. You've gotta try it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And, get a free cat toy. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And, get a free cat toy pretty litter.com/mfm terms. And conditions apply. See site for details, right Mimi? Goodbye.


Being an adult is basically a never ending to-do list. So if you need a doctor who is available now, not six months from now, Zocdoc is here to help. Zocdoc is a free app And website where you can search And. Compare high quality in-network doc. Choose the right one for your needs. And, click to instantly book an appointment. We're talking about in-network appointments with more than a hundred thousand healthcare providers across every specialty. From mental health to dental health, eyecare to skincare, And much more. You can filter for doctors who take your insurance are located nearby. And are highly rated by verified patients. You can also see their actual appointment openings. Choose a time That works for you. And click to instantly book a visit. Plus Zocdoc appointments happen fast. Typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking, you can even score same day appointments. You guys, I am obsessed with this service because I recently called a doctor to just get a basic appointment. And, they offered me an appointment in December, like three months from now. My issue is just gonna get worse in three months. That's not gonna work for me. So to be able to find a doctor who's not only available quickly, but also has those ratings so you know they're actually good. That is huge. Like this is next level. So stop putting off those doctor's appointments. And, go to zoc do dot com slash murder to find And instantly. Book a top rated doctor today, that's ZOC. do c.com/murder. Zoc do dot com slash murder. Goodbye.


So as the couple approaches Altamont, they come upon a massive traffic jam. This is because the event organizers have made no real plan for parking. Saul Oster writes, quote, the new five 80 freeway leading from just north of San Francisco to the eastern reaches of Alameda County. Still not fully open to the public, which is I I. Read That. It was like what? Nobody fucking notified anybody. It was a fresh freeway. Yeah And. It wasn't open yet. Ooh my God, still not full, fully open to the public. Became a massive parking lot with parked cars filling each of its four lanes.


Four miles. Holy Shit. I'm pretty sure this is now a five or six lane highway. I bet. It's gigantic Yeah. Wow. But so the idea you That people were just kind of turning down it And going And. Then just parking on it. Yeah is wild. Yeah. When he says four miles, he means eight miles. Ooh. My God And. That's because organizers anticipated a hundred thousand people coming. But in fact, 300,000 people show up. It's a one day thing, right? Yes not like Woodstock where you can come throughout the weekend. And every like, right? It's a one day thing. Yeah, that's no And. Maybe that's why there are no concession stands. No, there's no food or water available for a day long concert. No And.


They've only gotten a hundred portable toilets. Ooh my God for 300,000 people. Ooh. My God. Terrifying And. Then there's the stage. So we'll talk. We'll go back to The stage. Yeah, how'd That go Assembled while volunteers? How does That, How did That turn out Here? You tell me. It's cobbled together overnight. And. It stands at a mighty three feet tall for comparison. The stage at Woodstock was 15 feet high. Yeah And, it took weeks to build. Plus the location of the stage is not great. They set it at the bottom of a hill. So the concert goers basically kind of tower over it. And, because it's just a few feet tall. And. There's no real barricade or fence around the stage.


Audience members can easily just walk onto it. What they did do was put up a piece of string. No And. Just, It's So insane. One guy was like, maybe we need a barrier. And. Another guy was like, how about string here? And. Then they ended the conversation. Yeah. It was like And. The guy That suggested string pours concrete Yeah, And. He's like, this'll work. 'cause No one ever crosses these strings when we pour concrete. Either That or they were both on acid And. They were like, look how amazingly strong this string is. Ooh God. This String is like the universe. It's so Strong. So basically a piece of string goes around the perimeter of the stage. And That is the only boundary between the stage.


And, the crowd And. It gets ripped down immediately, of course. So the concert is off to a bad start. Then you throw in a ton of alcohol. And, of course the bad acid. That inevitably gets circulated. Ooh among the audience. And, a powder keg situation is starting to build And, as you can imagine, a chaotic environment, lacking basic infrastructure, And resources, people getting super intoxicated. Things immediately get tense. Yeah rolling Stone magazine reports, quote, as Santana was setting up a chick toward the front of the stage, was telling her old man, it's weird. They consulted astrologers before setting the dates for Woodstock.


But they couldn't have consulted an astrologer about today. Anyone can see That with the moon in Scorpio. Today is an awful day to do this concert. There's a strong possibility of violence. And. Chaos. And, any astrologer would've told them. So Ooh, well, maybe the Stones know So home. I. Don't know Girl. Believe in yourself. Believe in yourself. And also like sure, they could have consulted an astrologer. It didn't sound like they were consulting fucking anybody. They could have insult. Literally a child And been like, is this a great idea? And, the couldn't have been like, no, the string Won't stay up at my school. String doesn't stay up. Right? Ooh my God. So unfortunately the Rolling Stones are not sitting on any special insider information.


They like Everyone else involved, are in for a very rude awakening. Band member. Mick Taylor will later say quote, about five minutes after we arrived. I was with Mick Jagger. I was with Mick And. Then it says Jagger in parentheses. And. There were a couple security guards with us. And, a guy broke through And punched Mick in the face. What You can't do, That. I mean Yes. You can at Altamont, you can, you Can. The last thing he says in That quote is, That, put me off a bit. End quote. This chaotic violent atmosphere sets in on this continually expanding crowd. There's a particularly notorious attendee who is almost always unfortunately referred to as quote, the naked fat guy, cultural critic, Greel Marcus, who at the time is a 24-year-old writer for Rolling Stone magazine.


Remembers quote And. This is about the naked fat guy. He got up when Santana started to play. And started dancing. It looked like he was just being free. And all That And. He took his clothes off, but he wasn't, I was close enough to see That. He was using his dancing as an excuse to stomp people. He was actually moving all around And, stomping on people. It was really ugly And. Awful Ooh. My God End quote. And. Here's what's weird. one one's ever figured out who That man is. Even the Washington Post, shut the fuck, could not track down his name or any identifying information about him. I have never heard of That before. That is fucking wild. I Know. I haven't either.


So that's the vibe, right? Yeah, there's like, it's like people are expecting Woodstock, right? And they're showing up. And being like, huh, what I really am getting like heart palpitations a little bit. It Gets worse. Okay, great. On top of all this, you know all the the bad vibes or maybe at the heart of it is the presence of the Hell's Angels. Sure. They ride their motorcycles through the middle of the densely packed crowd, right up to the front of the stage. And. Then they line up in this very obvious show of force. Much like the concert goers around them. The Hells Angels are downing drugs, And, And, Bing, alcohol, And are actively And, often violently engaging with the crowd.


If someone gets too close to the stage or one of their bikes, they're immediately punched or whacked with a sought off pull queue filled with lead. No, That's their weapon of choice. And the Hell's. Angels have created a makeshift jail where they corral guests That. They see as making problems as you would guess. They show them no mercy in this jail. The naked fat guy ends up being held there, And his face, And chest are covered in blood. And. His front teeth get knocked out. Holy Shit. Ooh. Sorry. It says his teeth have been knocked out. So okay, could be a bunch of his teeth. Jesus. Not just the front one. Even Marty Ballin, who was the founding member of Jefferson Airplane, And, the co-lead singer with Grace Slick is attacked by a member of the Hell's Angels.


It happens when Ballin jumps off stage, mid performance to intervene when he seems the gang members attacking another concert goer. Ballin mouths off to an angel, I'm sure, because Yeah, they were like, Hey, we recommended you totally. Like you can't be doing this. He's promptly knocked unconscious. When he comes to a few minutes later, he starts telling That Hell's Angel off again. And is knocked out for a second time. Yeah the Hell's Angels drunken drug fueled violence seems to have no limits during Crosby. Stills. Nash, And Young's set. They team up on the young hippies in front of the stage. As the band plays behind them.


It gets so bad. That Steven Stills while he is playing is actually injured by one. Hell's Angel who is just sitting on the stage poking him in the leg with a sharpened bicycle spoke. What the fuck? Yeah Ooh my God it Yeah. I. Wanna go home? And I. Think that's That thing. There are so many elements of performance That people don't understand. That are, it's psychological crowd control. That is why stages are up high. It's basically saying, we're up here. You're not. You're not allowed to touch us. Yeah you. You're down there And. You watch what we're doing. Yeah, And, you're in the dark down there. And. We do our thing. And. Then we go away. When you put everybody on the same level, right? And. I mean ask any standup comic who's Done like a show in like a restaurant or whatever.


Yeah. That's when you get heckled. That's when people are like Ooh. You're just, I'm Part of this. I'm part of This. Exactly. Show Yeah. And. You're just another me standing there. And, I, And. You're making me feel uncomfortable. 'cause you're kind of vulnerable. Yeah, I, gotta do So home about it. It's That vibe. So the stage thing I personally think is a huge element to this for sure. Where it's like Ooh, We can all just do whatever we want. Yeah Ooh, also acid Ooh, Right? That'll do it. That'll do it too. So Steven Stills is slashed. So many times he bleeds through his pant leg on stage. Like he doesn't, he can't tell this guy to stop because all of his fucking bros are there. And also. 'cause he is like, I'm playing, Doing four part harmony in the middle of a song.


Fuck getting his leg fucking, it's so crazy. So the band ends their set a half an hour after they start And immediately just go back into the city. Yeah years later. David Crosby tells the all told podcast quote. I was terrified. We thought, get out of here as fast as you can before somebody gets killed in front of you. Before you get killed. Wow. Yeah end quote. So, members of the Grateful Dead who are slated to play right before the Rolling Stones are so unnerved by this out of control violence from both the audience And the Hell's Angels That. They just bail Yeah, which I love. Yeah. I felt so much relief when I, when I was like, fuck Yes, Yes, get out of there.


You're Done. So at this point, Murdoch Hunter And, his girlfriend Patty, are taking a break back in their car with a couple other friends. Patty wants to leave. She's over this whole thing. Some sources say That. The couple were seen being harassed during this concert. Mm. As Saul Oster writes, quote, glancing around the concert venue, hunter may have silently taken note of how few other black men were present That Day. This was overwhelmingly a white affair. And, at least some of the African-Americans in the crowd seemed to be targeted by the Hell's Angels. A long-haired biker threw one young man to the ground for no apparent reason, then proceeded to mouth obscenities at the fallen concert goer.


This was undoubtedly a familiar feeling for anyone like Hunter who had spent time at the parties And celebrations of the overwhelmingly white counterculture end quote. So the problem is Murdoch is not ready to leave. Patty later says quote, I didn't really wanna go back again, but he persuaded me. End quote. But before they go, Murdoch opens the trunk of his car. And pulls out a gun. Ooh. Patty remembers asking quote, what do you need That for And? He says, just for protection. Which he's right. Yeah. But it's like at That point. Gotta go. Maybe if that's the situation.


Yeah what? What I mean? The Rolling Stones are an amazing band. Yeah. And. You kind of get to see them like right there. You're right there Yeah. But if you need That to go back to the concert to feel safe, then it's like then that's not a safe place no to be. No. So I'm gonna just say all of this right here, all of this has been happening during the day. The sun hasn't gone down yet. Jesus, since the Grateful Dead have left And because the Rolling Stones basis, bill Wyman isn't there yet. And, because the band And, the Maisels brothers have always envisioned That performance to be a nighttime performance.


Ooh, right? The Rolling Stones don't go on stage for two hours. No. You have hundreds of thousands of worn out, hungry, thirsty, strung out, unruly concert goers, And, hell's Angels, Yeah. So at this point, the vibes are absolutely terrible at Optimal. So there's just nobody playing for two hours Just sitting there. And. People are just stewing The shit. And also, don't forget, it's no small part That bad acid. There's a What's That? Who's That from like, what's the, what's bad? I acid can be bad. And still be good. Like what's the deal? It's no, not quality wise. Yeah, it's same thing happened at Woodstock. Yeah like don't eat the brown acid.


I think is what they said. Yeah. Where it's like, it's giving people terrible trips like No one is, It's dosed with So home else. Yeah. It's badly made. Got it, got it, got it. So people are, instead of kind of going up And away, Yeah, they're like to good times, pcp, And shit. They're Immediately freaking out. Yeah. Okay. So they actually have to set up what's called a bummer tent, which they also had to do at Woodstock, where people on psychedelics who need help can get it. But there things are reaching a fever pitch of horror. Joel Sullivan reports, quote volunteers, And staff were overwhelmed. And moans. And screams can be heard coming from within. By the end of the day, the four psychiatrists working the tent would treat more than 200 patients by themselves.


The tension was So. great That. Somebody witnessed two doctors getting into a fist fight over an argument about treatment protocols. I wanna hear from them. So I mean the astrology. You can't be argued with at this point. No. No. It's like everybody is. It's all bad. Yeah. And. In the midst of this Murdoch hunter is angling to get up close to the stage. Okay, I. Bet you And. My guess is it's like, let's make all this worth it. Totally. And really be right there. Totally before a band at the height of their absolutely. Of their fame. I think, well, not really. 'cause they're still performing. So Yeah Yeah, not the hype, but truly an amazing time.


Yeah Pinnacle. Is That the word opening? What's the opening starting line? The No I Can't think of any at the starting line of their fame. Just like the coolest Yeah, You know? Sure. It's too bad. I. Can't think of words anymore. Being That. I. do this job for a living. I mean try. Having not been able to do That for eight And a half years. It's rough. It's tough. It's, it's So home. I Can't Don. Don't know what it's, It really feels like So home. It's So home else. It's bad trip. It's bad vibes. Okay. So somehow Murdoch And Patty actually do manage to get through this enormous crowd. And. They get very close to the stage, which means they're right by those Hell's Angels.


Yeah. That are standing in front of it, holding the line, battering people with lead filled pool cues. So when the Rolling Stones finally do take the stage, the crowd surges. Murdoch And Patty try to hold their own. But when a song starts, like basically they get separated. Yeah. And. That's, we've all been at concerts like That, where And, it's no surprise it happened here where it's like people don't just stand there like, Ooh cool Yeah. I'm m so happy now. It's like, Ugh. Totally And. They're right there on your level. They're like, Right? It's like, well, you can't control your movements too. When you're in That, big of a crowd where you get pushed forward. It's not like you're Yes wanting to go forward.


It's just the rest of the crowd is being moved. They're moving. They're high drunk. They wanna be there. Yeah, they wanna punch Mick Jagger in the face. Yeah. I mean it's so insane. Ooh. My gosh. So every time the band starts a new song, there's a new crush toward the stage. And. The couple gets separated. Before long, it's clear. That, the typically powerful, captivating, rolling stones have completely lost control. The Hell's Angels have all the power in this situation. And, they know it. Gang members are flagrantly walking across the stage as the band members who are skinny. Little British rock stars, much smaller than many of these motorcycle gang members look increasingly unsettled.


And scared. At one point, the usually smoothest Silk Mick Jagger bumps into a mic stand. And knocks it over, but the show goes on. Although the band stops several times either to check in on audience members who don't look good, or to implore the out of control crowd to settle down. Wow. At one point, Mick Jagger repeatedly begs people to cool out. Keith Richards calls out the Hell's Angels directly. He says quote, listen man, either these cats cool it or we don't play. But as Reel Marcus puts it, quote, the Stones couldn't stop because they were surrounded by Hell's Angels who were telling them to play.


Or else. At one point, an angel came up to Keith Richards grabbed him. And said, play fucker, you are going to play. They had no idea, That. They would not be beaten or killed themselves if they didn't play Yeah. They didn't give A shit about this fucking, No, no, no. It's like, play Brown Sugar I. Wanna hear it right now? Yeah. So they had, sorry, we're still in the quote. Okay. So they had to play. They didn't have the option of leaving. Okay. End quote. Meanwhile, Jerry Garcia's whistling on the fucking five 80, thank God. Truly like a perfect example of what you're saying, of Quit if you need to quit. Plus the sheer size of the audience. And, the low positioning of That stage makes it impossible for the band to do anything but perform.


Because where would they even go? Totally And. How would this rowdy audience react if the Rolling Stones were like, we're Done by right? Years later, the Stones Tour manager, Sam Cutler, will mult this over. He says, quote, it could have resulted in maybe the deaths of the Rolling Stones. Who knows? You gotta realize we were on a stage. That was knee high. The height of your knees above the ground in the middle of 300,000 people, Yes. How would the Rolling Stones escape from That if they hadn't played I? Bet there's possible no Green Room I bet. There's no backstage if they fucking built That overnight. No, there's nowhere to go. I would now I really wanna watch Gimme Shelter And.


See exactly what it looked like, because Yeah I did too. All of those elements are, it's like the reason over time things like That, like high stages, And Yeah. This is a big thing in standup comedy. Nobody ever wants to do outside shows, because sometimes people are like, Yeah just outside And. You can just talk And. It's like, no, no, no. It has to be. You have to have nice, loud mics, And. You have to have like, you have to have walls And a ceiling. Hmm. Because when energy dissipates, then you're just like shouting into a barrel. It's like pointless, right? The comic never feels like they're doing good, huh? You can't. There's no monitor, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. Like there's a lot of ways for things to go wrong. Okay? And, you have to kind of like the way you control an audience is by being amazing.


But like this audience, it didn't matter how amazing the Rolling Stones were, they were right down on Everyone else's level. Yeah. So the band continues their set, great, but what happens next? What's remembered as the breaking point of this nightmarish event is still unclear to this day? Hmm. Most sources agree. That Murdoch, who has been fighting his way toward the stage, climbs up onto a speaker box. As the Stones play under my thumb. Presumably he wants a better view of the band, but Murdoch is pulled off by a member of the Hell's Angels. The two men have some sort of hostile exchange And. The Hell's Angel punches Murdoch in the face. Patty misses the first few moments of this fight, but she sees her boyfriend as he is knocked to the ground by a team of two or three Hell's Angels, And.


Then she sees Murdoch hop back up onto his feet. He rushes back into the crowd as those gang members chase him. Ooh, my God And. He winds up back at Pat's side. Then he pulls out the gun. And aims it in front of him. There's no other way to put it. This is a terrible, dangerous decision he makes. But as SA Oster writes, hunter was not just another concert goer. He was a black man. A meise sea of white faces, And, perhaps his reckless calculation was predicated on the knowledge That. He had already been singled out for punishment by a group of white men known to target black people. Yeah I don't think it would've gone well for him, even if he didn't have had a gun on him. Correct?


You know, Yes before Murdoch can even fire That gun, even if he was planning on firing the gun, No one will ever know. one of the hell's Angels stabs him with a hunting knife. He falls to the ground, And the crowd around him scatters, except for Patty, who is standing there horrified. The rolling Stones are only about 20 feet away, but they don't know what's happening down in the audience. Murdoch is injured, but he's still alive at this point. He's not holding the gun anymore. And. He's literally on the ground. In any other scenario, he would've been hauled off site by like security, maybe arrested on a gun charge.


Instead, the Hells Angels stab Murdoch several more times, including in the neck. They kick him in the face, they throw a garbage can at his head. Murdoch Hunter is murdered by the Hell's Angels to the sound of the Rolling Stones. Patty says, quote I. Remember screaming And trying to get him And. People pulling me back, trying to protect me. And, then I, remember this one? Hell's Angel turning around? And grabbing me? And telling me, why are you crying over him? He's not worth it. End quote, Ooh, my God, 18-year-old Meredith Murdoch Hunter is pronounced dead at 6:30 PM Halfway through the Rolling Stone set, his body is moved to an office on site until transportation can be arranged.


Someone gives Patty a sedative to help her cope with the shock. So much has been said. And written And debated about Murdoch's decision to brandish That gun That, night Yeah. Some have painted him unsurprisingly, as an aggressive, intoxicated gunman whose decision could have resulted in many more deaths. And put the band at risk. Others, including Patty, insist he was only trying to defend himself after being singled out. And That, his murder was not justified. Yeah, a jury will eventually acquit the gang member who fatally stabbed Murdoch after That. Hell's Angel claims self-defense. But his gre Marcus once wrote, quote, A young black man murdered in the midst of a white crowd by white thugs.


As white men played their version of black music. It was too much to kiss off as a mere unpleasantness. Ooh, Wow. End quote. Yeah. Wow. Yeah That framework. Yeah like That Framing is so important. And, I've never thought about it That way before. No. Wow. Yeah. So eventually the Rolling Stones finish their set. They leave the stage, they run to a helicopter that's waiting to take them back to San Francisco, their assistant at the time. A woman named Georgia Bergman tells the all told podcast. There's this rush of people on this helicopter. I. Can't remember how many people it should have held, but maybe seven or eight So home like That.


There's 15 to 18 people trying to get on And. We take off fat. It's quiet. People are quiet. I'm thinking, well, nevermind the Hell's Angels. If we crash, we're flying at a very unhealthy angle. And, when we land, it's a pretty abrupt landing. And. We're all really thankful I. Don't think I ever wanted to get on a helicopter again. End fuck I mean, you know, part of it is like, thank God. That Helicopter was there Yeah, but who planned the helicopter? Because someone was fucking smart enough to plan for a helicopter, which means you could have fucking planned for other shit too. It Was a Rolling Stones party.


I bet. Of course I. Don't think it was like anyone planning the festival. It Was, but what a shitty I got mine. Yeah kind of like, well, I don't know. But at at the same time, it's like the vibe was, let's all just get together. And have this fun, cool thing. Yeah Yeah. Now hundreds of thousands of people at Altamont, many of them intoxicated, walk back along the brand new highway to their cars in the dark of night. Mm. So like I'm imagining there weren't even like the freeway lights. Totally. It was a, it was an unopened freeway. Yeah. It's so weird. Anybody that's driven on the five 80 picturing it as a brand new freeway, That hasn't been open yet. And like is so mind blowing.


Yeah so weird. I'm just gonna keep saying That throughout the rest of this podcast. So these people also leave behind a mess. That takes three months to clean up And. It has spread over the surrounding roadways, And fields, all used as impromptu garbage cans, And bathrooms all day long. Jesus. In addition to the murder of Murdoch Hunter, three other Altamont attendees are killed. That night, ah, Really 19-year-old Leonard Rezak is pulled under by the current in a nearby irrigation canal. And drowned Ooh God And, both 22-year-old Richard Salav And, 19-year-old Mark Feiger are killed outside of the venue in a hit And run accident.


That remains unsolved to this day. Holy shit. But of course it's believed the driver was intoxicated. Sure, Yeah And. There's no fucking lights anywhere, right? It's just Worst case scenario. Yeah. Immediately after the story of the Altamont nightmare breaks the public looks for someone to blame. Of course, it's a question people still wrestle with today, but as Joel Sullivan points out, quote, the organization, And structure of the event was so shadowy the chain of command, so circuitous, And the work so improvised. Nobody could ever tell who was in charge. Yeah when there is nobody in charge, nobody is at fault. End quote. In the weeks after Altamont Greel, Marcus visits Murdoch Hunter's mother.


While he's working on a piece about the concert for Rolling Stone magazine, he learns That No one associated with Altamont, including the Rolling Stones, have reached out to her Yeah. So her son is murdered. Yeah at this concert. And, it's everyone's just moving, moving it along. Marcus goes on to describe Altamont as, quote, the worst day of my life. I Don't care if I never hear another Rock And roll record again. Wow. Yeah And. This is a young man who works at Rolling Stone Yeah. It's like his, it's his life. Yeah No. One year after the concert in early December of 1970, the Maisels finally release the Rolling Stones documentary.


Give Me Shelter. Its climax is the moment when Murdoch Hunter is fatally stabbed, which has been captured by the documentary crews cameras in real time. This film divides critics. Some describe it as a masterpiece. That captures the brutal end of the idealistic but tumultuous 1960s. Others see it as exploitative And criticize the maisels for using Murdoch's killing as the emotional crux of the film. Yeah Meredith Murdoch. Hunter's name is forever associated with this chaotic event. But for many years, his story And the nuances of who he was. Get lost in all the noise. This has changed recently with the release of Saul O's book, just A Shot Away, which is heavily focused on Murdoch And, the role That, systemic racism played in his death.


Joel Sullivan, who like o is a prominent writer, And expert on this event, sums up the tragedy. And legacy of Altamont very well. He writes, quote, at the height of rock's, golden year, 1969, the Stones did rain as the world's greatest rock And roll band. And open air free concert in Golden Gate Park might have made a picturesque victory lap, but the innocent hippie dream was not to be. Instead, the band blindly, willfully stumbled into catastrophe. If Woodstock had been the rock's promised land, Altamont was its hell. The killing of Murdoch Hunter. So flagrantly flew in the face of the Woodstock myth, all men do not live like brothers.


And. That's the story of the death of Murdoch. Hunter And, the disastrous 1969 free concert at Altamont. Holy shit. And. Here's my mom in her nurse's Whites, Ooh, my God. Watching these kids walk back onto the ward with their eyes like they've all been traumatized. Yeah like she was like, they didn't, I didn't even wanna get them in trouble. Yeah. 'cause they'd already Yeah. They'd already gotten in trouble. They got themselves in trouble. I wonder like what their stories were. Did they change their lives? Did you know, like what did That change in your life when you were That kid? And, you saw such horrible things, right? And, also, anyone else, That was there anybody?


All the people That were showing up thinking, yay, we get Woodstock, Yeah. Or even, what about some of those hell's angels like Yeah, Who? What happened after That? It's like you just stab a person to death. Yeah, And. Then it's like, What? Move on. Yeah, I, I. Don't know. That's so fucked up. The whole thing is just so like Ooh, Ooh, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. We can't do acid And drink. $4,000 worth of beer. And. Everybody makes great decisions. And Or That idea of like peace. And love. Peace. And love just doesn't work when there's fucking greedy motherfuckers who are just in it for themselves.


Also, peace. And love is like peace. And love is situational. Yeah And. It's also, you gotta plan for it. Yeah you. You gotta make sure That people don't get stressed to their limits as a crowd. It's almost like the crowd follows the crowd. Yeah, as we all know, Let's fucking do So home. Whatcha are you even doing right now? No. I wanna keep on talking about why it's the worst fucking thing in the world? Let's end this the day before a vacation on a fucking high ass note. Good idea, please idea. Let's take some good acid to fucking repair That bad acid trip. Let's take, Let's take the good acid of what are you even doing right now? The hashtag. That's right.


Okay, We. End our episode. We always end our episode, or most of the time, end our episode with you telling us in the comments on social media, in our email, wherever, what you are doing while you're listening to my favorite Murder. So We know where you are. And, we can keep eye an eye on you. No. So we can have some fun So we can watch you in your private life. Okay? This is from Instagram, from Kenzie. Alina, what are you even doing right now? I'm on my way to my first ever night working at a haunted house as a scare actor. I've wanted to do this since I was in middle school. And, finally at 30 one. I'm taking the plunge.


Happy spooky season pumpkin emoji. A scare actor, also known as an actor. I. Love It. Ooh. So funny. Okay, well this one, this. These are like a perfect hand in hand combo. This is from Instagram from S Rosen. 6 6 20 And. It says, what are you even doing right now? I'm driving through McDonald's while listening to Karen in episode 4 28. Tell me about the monopoly scam. I'm 19 weeks pregnant. And. There's currently nothing more refreshing than a McDonald's Diet Coke. Mm. S-S-D-G-M. Sarah, damn, Sarah I. Can't agree with you about a McDonald's diet Coke.


More. There is So home. Strangely perfect. And Delicious. Like, well, of course everything else about fast food Yeah is so addictive. But that's the kind of thing. Bill And I, were driving somewhere one time, I can't remember where our CFO And I were driving somewhere. And I was like, Ooh, wait you, you go to this drive through real quick. I need to get Diet Coke. It's confounding to me to go through a drive through to get a drink like I just to get a drink because I don't take care of myself. Like That, you know what I mean? Well, bill was also confounded. He goes, we have Diet Coke at the office. I'm like, it's not the same. I want it, do it. I Love That. Recently, Vincent And I got the wrong order at McDonald's, but it came with one, like one of the Sundays old school Sundays, Ooh And, which fucking like ate it.


And cried. And I was just like, I'm so glad about this. messed up Yes. It was perfect. You know what's funny? At the last time I had a messed up And. I was like, don't order Taco Bell through Postmates. Then idiot Yeah like, what are you doing? But it was like the worst order where it was like everything. Who did this? It was like So home with no, like a que of deal with no cheese or So home where I'm like, what are you doing? And the weirdest. Drink it. The drink was green. Yeah, everything was like, didn't have a thing on it where I'm like, just don't get fast food. Then Yeah, you don't want fast food. No, no, but I, get to eat those cannolis now. Thank you very much. Ooh. It's cannoli time. Ooh my God. I'm so excited. Which you like can choose one Yeah.


There's a chocolate covered one. Ooh like the Shell Chocolate pepper. But I. Think I'm gonna go classic Ooh good, because I want That chocolate. Fuck Yes. Yay Pinocchios. Thank you. What's up? do Do, do Do do do do. Happy Vacation Tha Ooh. My God That. What a way to celebrate. So perfect. Last show before vacation. Yay. Boom. Cheers. Cheers to you. Stay sexy. And, don't get murdered. And Good. Goodbye. Goodbye. Elvis. do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton.


Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain And Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram And. Facebook at my favorite Murder, And Twitter at my fave murder. Bye. Mm, Ooh my God. Holy shit. That's so fucking good. You wanna try That one? Ooh my God. There's chocolate in it.