(2s):
This Is exactly right.

(7s):
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium Wireless. How to get 30? 30? Bid to get 30? Bid? To get 20. 20. 20. Bid. To get 2020. Bid to get. 15. 15. 15. 15. Just 15 bucks a month. Sold. Give it a try. At mint mobile.com/switch. $45 front payment, equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes. C detail.

(38s):
Hey, it's Karen Kilgar. Hey. And I'm Chris Fairbanks. And we have one burning question for you. Do you need a ride Each week on our podcast? Do you need a ride? We drive around with some of the most hilarious people in comedy. Listen and laugh with us as we run errands. Grab some drive-through. And of course, sit in traffic. It's LA so there's so much fun traffic. So check out. Do you need a ride? wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Monday.

(1m 7s):
We did it first. Hello. Hello. And. Welcome To. My favorite murder. The Halloween episode. The S spooky Halloween episode. I did a long take to my, oh, camera If. you wanna do some sort of Yeah. Backing booty. Look At her. Look at us. I dressed up like the moth man. That's Right. My little moth van costume. And I. Dressed up.

(1m 47s):
Like The sweater. You brought me. You did dress up. Just Like. The sweater. I brought you. I Dressed, I dressed up like a little bit like Mimi. Oh, there's a lot of cat hair on that for sure. There's no, there's no avoiding it. I mean, that is having pets. Yeah. And then bringing clothes anywhere. You just turn around and go, is it like this? All the time? It's So embarrassing. Yeah. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to embarrass you. No, no. You're, I also dressed up with my enormous it. Oh, that just decided to come hang out today. The Third lead character of this podcast. That's right. That's, I mean, is it one that hurts? Yep. Hurts a lot, huh? Big red bump. Wow. And it's just fun. And it's fun being in your forties and still getting enormous fucking zits. Well, It's like your teens are saying, Hey Georgia, don't forget it.

(2m 30s):
It wasn't just trauma. There was also acne. Right. Keeping it real. Keeping Real. Yeah. Alright, keep, keep your, keep yourself grounded. Okay. I put on a bunch of makeup before this because of course we're doing video now. Yeah. And realized that I shouldn't have brought my brand new makeup to try. I should have gone with the old trustee, But it looks good. Can I fucking take these off, Please? I mean, you can. It looks good now. I can see you. Yeah. Thank you. It looks right. I appreciate it. I didn't do, I did both. The powder wrong. Have you tried? There's like new Korean, it's Like The Foundation. The Powder Foundation. Oh yes. The cushion.

(3m 10s):
Insane. I love it. Also, it's so exciting. The Korean trend, but especially that stuff, because everything is really pale. Right. Whereas when I was growing up, everything is one and a half shades too dark. 'cause I was pale. Right. You're already taking the costume off. It's so hot. It's so hot in here. But see, I still have this shirt on. Oh yeah. That's Halloweenish. And. I. Have these on. Let's pretend they're cat ears. Yeah. What Else would they be? Bat ears. 'cause I was Oh, right, right. Do bats have smaller ears, don't They? Little, little ma. Little. What are they? Bat ears. Could we get the staff zoologist in here please? Maureen, What do you got? I thought we should share some of our favorite Halloween memories.

(3m 54s):
Oh, Go ahead. I got, Well, we used to go, and I'm positive, I've told you this already, but we used to get into the back of my Uncle Steve's truck, which was like a 1935 Peterbilt. Mm. And he would fill it with hay and then we would all be back there. Like we were going on our own individual hayride, me and my sister, my cousin Stevie, my cousins Lisa and Cheryl, maybe some other neighborhood kids because the, the houses were so far away that we couldn't walk trick or treating. Oh my God. So we had to be driven. And then, I know I've told you this, but I've definitely tweeted it. We had this legendary neighbor, Mr.

(4m 35s):
Lou Whitter, who gave out full-size candy bars. Oh My God. And we didn't, it's, we didn't talk to him the rest of the year. Sometimes maybe he'd wave from like his driveway, but he, it wasn't like he was like friends of the family. Oh. But man was here. Our best friend on when we went trick or treating. I'm just like, thank you so much. That is amazing. I wonder like he, you still think about him. That's so wonderful. It's a good thing to remember. Like when you appeal to kids' sense of candy, sense of Like The stuff they're into. And you're like, I'm not just gonna go short and fun size. Yeah. Yeah. And rip you off. I'm going to treasure you because there's only eight of you in this neighborhood.

(5m 16s):
So. Yeah. Well we have hundreds of kids every year come trick or treating at our house. 'cause we just live in one of those neighborhoods, which is so fucking great. I love, it's so much. Yes. But we run outta candy so quickly. And if we did the full size candy bar, it would be thousands of dollars. 'cause there's that many kids, Hey, pony up. I pony up. As my people would say. But You know, we do, do, Vince does. 'cause he's the one who buys it all is buys like little bags of chips instead of just candy. So like sometimes you get a fucking bag of like voodoo chips in your fucking Yes. Bag and ring pops. Which to me is Like The Ultimate. That is the best. And also that's the candy that lasts you weeks after. Absolutely. Yeah. Ring Pops are like, you can go back to, to that pillowcase in the corner.

(5m 59s):
Yeah. And it keeps on giving. That's right. I mean, I love Halloween. I do Too. All right. Well, since it's Halloween. Goodbye. Should we Eat candy? Yeah. Ooh, candy. That's right. Wait A second. These are different flavored Kit Kats that are on our fucking table right now. Okay. We have to bust into these. Okay. Yours is different than mine. What's yours? Which is Brew Kit Kat. What's it? It says it at the very bottom there. What does it say? Crisp wafers in marshmallow flavored cream naturally and artificially flavored Good. This is Crisp Wafers in Cinnamon Toast flavored cream. Let's eat them way off mic. Okay. Ooh, it's orange. Your green, green Kit Kat.

(6m 41s):
Nice. Dig Yourself. Alejandra really went for it. You trade me the other one. All right. I'm getting a little cinnamony. This is a bit cran. We're both not totally overwhelmed. Okay. I'm gonna taste yours now. Marshmallow. Okay. Tastes Like. The tastes sweet. You Know what I mean? I feel like Marshmallow is very subtle. And I. Think the Kit Cat. People understand that. Yeah. And they're just like, let's appeal to the kids' sense of gourmand. I think I Like The Marshmallow one best. But there's also these Reese's peanut butter cups called Werewolf Tracks. What? Milk chocolate with vanilla cream flavor. So it's chocolate On the bottom.

(7m 21s):
Vanilla On the top of the cup. And then peanut butter in the middle. I'm loving this variety that they're bringing. I Know. And then there's some weird Skittles, which I don't care about. Fuck yeah. Shocking lime ghoulish green apple. Oh, these are Skittles. Shrieks. Shrieks. What does that mean? No idea. Do they? You open this and they just start screaming. Okay. Now I'm totally sugared up. I'm also having a Coke, which I don't ever do. So I'm gonna be like bouncing off the fucking walls. Okay, great. That's, I think that's what we need for podcasting. That's the fun. Yeah. I'm just gonna take one bite of this. Okay. Me too. This Reese's Peanut butter cup. Hmm. I don't mind that. That's Great. Werewolf tracks. Yeah. Werewolf tracks. Yeah.

(8m 2s):
Do kids care about like white chocolate and stuff these days? I don't think kids like white chocolate. I think I'm the only person in the world who likes like white chocolate. You and some German ant. Yeah. Or something. Totally. Oh my God. I can eat that whole thing. Okay. Okay. Clear it. Clear the set. Clear the set. Okay. Did you hear We're in a fucking Marvel movie. You And I. We're in a Marvel movie. We, I've never gotten past an audition. That's crazy news. What are you talking about? I Got a comment on Instagram that was like, we heard you get mentioned in the new Marvel movie. Venom And I was like, I don't, that's a Tom Hardy movie. I know. I And I was like, I don't know what you're fucking talking about. I forgot you're in love with Tom Hardy. I thought it was What's, who's the football player guy?

(8m 43s):
Oh, Tom, the guy from the Patriots. Brady. Brady. And I was like, I don't really like him. No, no. Go Dodgers. That's a different sport. But We Are in Venom, when they're walking through a forest, one of the characters says, this is what my favorite murder warned us about. No. Yes. Which is like such a deep cut. That means whoever wrote that, like fucking knows who? We Are. Because look It up. See who wrote it. Stay outta the forest. Vince told me that told me that Tom Brady is, It's not Tom Brady. Who is it? It's Tom Hardy. Tom Hardy is a, is credited as a writer. But he is like, I doubt it. But, but he did see us at the iHeart Podcast Awards. Right? No, that's Chris Pine.

(9m 23s):
Fuck Jesus. I have no interest in Heartthrobs or not my thing. Okay. Who wrote this? Let's see. So yeah, so it was him and then the writer. Kelly. Marcel. So I feel like we've got her to think. Kelly, if it was you, oh My God. Thank, Thank you. Like that's deep. Because Stay Outta the Forest is not like my Favorite murder. Said stay sexy and don't get murdered. It's, we're in the forest. This is what my favorite murder Warn is about. If It's Tom Marty. I just wanna say that Tom Marty, I've been wanting to talk to you for a while, sir. She Saw you at the I Heart of Words and she was like, wow. That wasn't you since your FX series. Taboo. I was literally just telling Lily, our development director. Yeah. Have you seen Taboo, the FX series with Tom Hardy?

(10m 5s):
It's so good. I literally was just recommending it. And Listen Tom If, you want a podcast? We're we're, we're waiting for you. We have so many ideas for you over here. Karen's flushing right now. I, It's just that kind of thing where you're just like, it's, we're In a Marvel movie. That is zeitgeist. That's Wild. I thought we were, 'cause we're old. I know. We're so old. We've been around. If someone could get that on film in the theater and like send it to us. I wanna hear it because I don't We're gonna have you rested by the fbi. 'cause that's actually piracy. Right. Okay. I love, I mean, sorry to be superficial, but No, it's the sexiest, funnest thing. It's so fun. It's so fun. It's Real good.

(10m 45s):
And Tom Hardy's real good. Yeah. So tell us If. you see that. All right, well let's get into the stories then. Shall we? Or first though? No. First we have a podcast network called Exactly. Right. Media. Yeah. There's business we have to do. Just 'cause it's a holiday doesn't mean you're getting outta school early. That's Right. So here are some highlights today on spooky Halloween. This week On, the Bananas podcast. Kurt Scotty are joined by performer and writer Mamie Hart. Everybody's best friend. You love her. You know her. She's there to chat about the weirdest news out there. Go listen to that. Mamie is hilarious. Mamie is so funny. And then also hilarious comedian Joel Kim Booster is Roz's guest on Ghosted by Roz Hernandez.

(11m 26s):
Rumor has it, Joel actually bought a haunted freaking house. So you obviously don't wanna miss that episode On Wicked Words. Kate Winkler. Dawson talks to Texas monthly reporters Karen Jacobs and Rob Dan Micko about their podcast. Shane and Sally detailing the 1988 disappearance of two teenagers in West Texas. Oh, I love that shit. And also If, you don't Know about Texas Monthly. It's one of the most incredible publications. Yeah. It makes me so happy that it is. It has survived all of the everything. Covid, shutdowns, journalism, whatever. And that's where our friend Skip Hollinsworth writes a lot. That's right. But what a great, I'm so excited they're making podcasts.

(12m 7s):
Yeah. And then over in the m fm store, we now have a very exciting new enamel pin for all the day One listeners out there. You don't have to prove that you were a day one listener to buy it. So don't worry about it. So go to my favorite murder dot com and check out the new day. One listener pin. And you can fib a little bit. If. you want to? That's Okay. We don't mind. We don't Care. It can be Month one listener. It can be year one Listener. Yeah. But you do get an award. And If, you haven't noticed our website's. Listen. Page is now searchable, organized by year, and it allows you to find episodes by themes like Heroic Women or cults or whatever. So we know we have a lot of podcasts. It's very dense. We have a long history. It's difficult.

(12m 48s):
It's problematic. Go get into it. It's, it's yours as well as Ours. You're welcome. And lastly, Nick Terry has outdone himself yet again. There's a new episode of MFM Animated Live on youtube.com/ Exactly Right Media. It's from mini, so two 90, and it's called Vlad the Bat, and it's the perfect way to celebrate Halloween. Oh, also, just real quick, it's October 31st. Scary, scary times. We're all teetering On the Edge. Will we turn into a fascist dictator state? Or will we have the first female black president? Oh my God. Please let it be the second one, please. Oh, Thank God. Please make sure you vote Yes. 'cause it does matter.

(13m 28s):
It matters so much. Think it through. Yeah. Okay. All right. We don't wanna lecture you, but Jesus Christ. We've been doing this podcast for a while. Let's not repeat ourselves. We've gone through this stuff before. We Have. Let's not kid ourselves.

(13m 45s):
Today's episode is sponsored in part by Acorns. You Know, as much as we try to save for our future, the present has a way of throwing unplanned expenses at us. But with acorns, you don't need a huge nest egg to start investing. In fact, you can get started with just your spare change. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for your future. You don't need a lot of money or expertise to invest with acorns. In fact, you can get started with just your spare change With their roundups feature. Every purchase you make is an opportunity to invest. So that which grade cauldron that you bought for $20 and 45 cents gets rounded up and becomes a 55 cent investment in your future. Acorns recommends an expert built portfolio that fits you and your money goals then automatically invests your money for you. And now Acorns is investing in your future too. Open an Acorns later IRA and get up to a 3% match on new contributions. That's extra money for your retirement. Plus, You can see your potential with the Acorns compound interest calculator. It'll show you how the power of time and compound interest can help your money grow. You Know we love that here. So give your money the chance to work as hard as you do. Head to acorns.com/murder or download the Acorns app to start saving and investing for your future today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LC and SEC Registered Investment Advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash murder.

(15m 6s):
Come by

(15m 8s):
Support for today's episode comes from One Skin Fall Is all about cozy sweaters, warm drinks, and new skincare routines. Right? 'cause as the temperatures drop, your skin may need a little extra love. And one skin is here to help. One Skin has developed a powerful solution that targets the signs of aging at the molecular level. Their products are powered by the revolutionary OS one peptide, scientifically proven to reduce dysfunctional cells, A key source of skin aging And one skin isn't just about looking good. They focus On the deeper aspects of skin health to make sure your skin stays resilient and youthful. They Combine tissue engineering, data analysis, and cutting edge longevity science to create the world's most effective product to target skin aging. One Skin is next level skincare. I'm Using Prescription Strength retinol and it's like dry and gross here in la and I've been putting on that one skin cream like right before I go to bed every night. My skin is freaking glowing. It looks amazing. It really Works. I've been doing the One Skin Eye cream. Yeah. And I've never been an eye cream person. I was always like, I don't think these are real. I absolutely now believe that one Skin's eye cream is real because I actually can see a difference. One Skin is the world's first Skin longevity company by Focusing On the cellular aspects of aging. One Skin keeps your skin looking and acting younger for longer. Get 15% off with the code murder@oneskin.co. That's 15% off one skin.co with Code Murder. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please Support our show and tell 'em we sent you goodbye. Goodbye.

(16m 39s):
Okay. You're first. I today on Halloween, have a story for you that is horrible, upsetting from the beginning of the 20th century and involves elephants. Oh, No. So are you ready for me to begin? No. This story begins in the early hours of June 22nd, 1918. On, the railroad tracks just outside of Hammond, Indiana, about 25 miles south of Chicago. Okay. A train from the Haagen Beck Wallace Circus is headed for Hammond, where they're scheduled to put on their famous show and delight families from all around the area. And this big spectacle of entertainment is very much needed at this time in America.

(17m 23s):
The Spanish flu has been ravaging the United States, and then the devastation of World War I is just coming to an end overseas. So of course, back then, it was a very big deal when the circus rolled into town. Yeah. Journalists, Les Standford writes in Time Magazine, quote at the industry's peak the day the circus came to town ranked with Thanksgiving, Christmas, and the 4th of July. Banks and businesses closed schools were dismissed and an entire populace assembled on early morning main streets to watch the Elephants clowns and be jeweled entertainers parade from the train station to the circus grounds where the big top was raised to house thousands for afternoon and evening performances.

(18m 8s):
Oh my God. Sounds amazing. But today's Haagen Beck Wallace show will not go on. Instead, the circuses stop in Hammond will go down in history as an enormous tragedy. This is a story of the 1918 Hammond Circus train wreck. I didn't know about this. Yeah. I think before we get into a horrible tragedy, I'll go ahead and take these off. There's little cat ears that are babbling on your head. Yeah. Alright. So the main sources used in today's research are the book, the Great Circus Train Wreck of 1918 by writer Richard Lidle. And that's heavily cited in this. I love it when Marin reads a book. I know. Then she just, she knows everything about this story.

(18m 48s):
She just tells me every single detail. It's above and beyond. It's great. The rest of the sources are in our show notes. So first, let's talk about the Hagen Beck Wallace Circus as Smithsonian Magazine reports and the 20th century quote, the Hagen Beck Wallace Circus wasn't the largest show in the country, but it came close. It is very successful in the Midwest, and it rivals the Barnum and Bailey and Ringling Brothers shows. By 1918, the Hagenbeck Wallace Circus has been around for about a decade. Officially starting in 1907, after two preexisting circuses merged, Benjamin Wallace, who ran the famous Great Wallace Show, purchased the Carl Hagenbeck trained wild animal circus run by an animal trainer named Carl Hagenbeck.

(19m 33s):
So the result of this merger is, of course, a bigger, better circus, complete with more acts and more animals. By 1918, the Hagenbeck Wallace Circus is uniquely acclaimed for its incredible elephant acts, as well as an impressive roster of about 250 talented performers. So of course, as I'm reading the research in this, I get two incredible elephant acts and the depression sets in. So Yeah, we all know circuses are fucking horrible, right? I mean, it's a time and a place, and that time and place didn't give a fucking shit about animals. It Is. It's dumbo in hell. Yeah. And it's very sad. So I just wanna put a little point, a little finger at that of like, yes.

(20m 15s):
But this story is actually about human tragedy. Okay. So among them is Rosa Rosalind. She's an equestrian who can do things like somersault from one horse to another. She's the highest paid member of the Hagen Beck Wallace Circus. And she's often described as its superstar. She earns $25,000 a year, which in today's money would be Because 1917, right? 18. Yep. 1918. How much was it? 25? Yep. That's a fucking lot of money. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go one 50. It's fucking $500,000 Holy a year. Shit. She's a true star Girl. Another huge draw are the flying wards, which are a nationally known group of aerialists who do an amazing trapeze act as they hang dangerously high above the audience.

(21m 4s):
Then there's the three person strong man act called the Dirks Brothers, although only two of the three performers are actually related. Yeah. Their act involves incredible stunts, including one wear quote, elephants walk over a bridge held up by the legs of the brothers who are lying on their backs. Wow. So elephants revenge a little bit. Yeah. So of course they're circus clowns, which I know I should have done a trigger morning. Oh. 'cause the people who don't like clowns really don't like clowns. Is It real? Is that a real thing? Yes. Okay. I think there some people who witness clowns at like just that age where no one explained that m Alman wearing a bunch of white makeup was gonna come up and make goofy noises at them.

(21m 48s):
I mean it when we were kids was fucking terrifying. For sure. Yeah. So I get it. Yeah. It's scary for a reason. Yeah. The film and the book. And the book. So among those circus clowns is m Alman named Joe Coyle. He goes by the name Big Joe, and he takes his clowning job very seriously. Years later, he'll tell the Chicago Tribune quote, being a clown has its serious side. You have to be ingenious, develop your own makeup and costumes. For example, I have all my costumes copyrighted my hats, shoes, even my makeup. Yeah, I've Heard that. That's wild. Yeah. He gets it. He knows that's ip. Yeah. Right. Protect it. Right. It's your idea. Those are just a few of Hagen Beck Wallace's, many performers, Richard Lidle notes that the show had quote 25 different acts and was advertising the presence of 60 aerial lists, 60 acrobats, 60 horse riders, 50 clowns, 100 dancing girls.

(22m 44s):
Adding to that impressive pool of performing talent were the show. Seven elephants, lions, tigers, zebras, camels, a hippopotamus, hundreds of draft horses, perhaps as many as 80 horse-drawn wagons, and 20 specially trained trick ponies. Wow. Yeah. So it isn't just a raw talent of these performers or the spectacle of exotic animals that make the Hagen back Wallace circa so successful. It's also a matter of logistics. It's author and journalist Doug Wissing writes The enormous growth of railroads in the post Civil War era fueled the golden age of circuses. Instead of plotting through the mud at 10 miles a day, from small town to small town circuses hitched their rail cars to trains and clattered to cities hundreds of miles apart overnight.

(23m 34s):
So the business of the Hagen Beck Circus booms after they invest in their own train cars and they use railways to crisscross the country a trend in the circus and carnival world around the turn of the century. According to Smithsonian Magazine, around 100 circuses are operating in the US at the time, and nearly a third of them tour by train. So that brings us back to June 22nd, 1918. The Hagen Beck Circus packs up after performing a charity show in Michigan City, Indiana at the state penitentiary. Oh, That's nice. We're Gonna over to the pen. Go over to the pen and we're gonna do some somersaults off A horse. Yeah. Morals are down over the pen.

(24m 14s):
We're just gonna stop by Morals and Morale. This tour meant Morale. This tour has already taken the circus through the northeast. It's now moving through the Midwest, and the next stop is Hammond, Indiana. The Hagenbeck Wallace crew always travels on two separate trains, which the circus operators purchased secondhand many years ago. Each train has about 25 cars, and they're all made of wood. There's all sorts of equipment and circus infrastructure packed onto both trains. But one of the two also transports all of the circus animals and livestock along with the people who handle and train them.

(24m 55s):
And then the other train carries most of the circus staff, including the performers, roustabouts managers, and their friends and families. So the train with the animals heads out from Michigan City toward Hammond. First, it's planning to pass through their destination and head up to the stockyards in Chicago. Then the tra, the animals can more easily be fed and watered before the show in Hammond later that day. So they kind of have to like go out and away handle everything, and then come back in. This train cuts through Hammond at around two 30 in the morning with no incident, and then heads up to Chicago around the same time. The second Hagen back Wallace train, the one that's carrying most of the people leaves.

(25m 37s):
Michigan City. This train has four long sleeping cars, which are mostly lit by kerosene or oil lamps. It's 1918. Yeah. Just one of those sleeping cars has electrical lighting. Wow. So It's Right On the verge of Yeah. That Innovation. It's so weird. Such a weird time. Did you read the book Water for Elephants? No. I kind of watched three minutes of the movie on a plane. The Book is really fucking good. And it's like this is, it could take place right now. Yeah. In this story, because It's all about that. I mean, it's interesting to think about. It's Like The things that we're going around in America and going down and it's like, come over here and look at this horse and this elephant and this like, and this guy up on a trapeze.

(26m 21s):
Yeah. We have to give these people something. Yeah. Your life is so boring. The day to day is exactly the same. You're never gonna leave your small town like A bunch of people died of the Spanish flu. Oh, Jesus. Anne went to war. Yes. Just intense. Yeah. So there's somewhere around 400 people on this train. Many are sleeping in bunks. Some of those bunks are stacked three beds high while the VIP employees have more private accommodations in sleeper style compartments. So the family of Joe Coyle, the clown, big Joe, is currently sleeping in a birth that's reserved for family acts. He's been temporarily given this birth because he has guests, his wife, Stella, and their two young boys, 10-year-old Joe Jr.

(27m 3s):
And their toddler Howard, big Joe's family is joining him for a few shows, and then they're gonna go back home to Ohio. The entire coil family lives and breathes circus life. Stella's an accomplished bareback writer who used to perform in the same shows as her husband. Wow. So it's basically Like The bareback writer, and the clown fell in love. Oh my God. I love that. I mean, and then the couple's oldest son, Joe Jr. Seems to be following in his dad's footsteps. The Cincinnati Enquirer reports quote, he was practically born under the big top, and this sawdust ring was his first playground. When Little Joe was about six weeks old, his mother returned to the circus, joined her husband, and continued her work.

(27m 45s):
He was a fine, strong baby. And when he was four years old, his father gave him a tiny clown suit for a play thing. That's adorable. Really precious. So the coils, along with everybody else on board, this train our fastest asleep until around 3 45 in the morning when a brakeman notices one of the train's bearings is overheating, even though they're very close to their destination and Hammond, the engineer decides it'd be safest to stop and give that bearing time to cool down to prevent a fire. So the engineer pulls the train through a switch where the tracks branch off and then slows the train to a halt. While most of the circus train is now safely positioned on adjoining an adjoining set of tracks, the last several cars, the sleeping cars are still On, the mainline.

(28m 31s):
Meanwhile, there's a TRO train that transports World War I soldiers to east coast cities for deployment heading down those same tracks. At the moment, it's empty. And an engineer named Alonzo Sergeant is at the controls and he's been working for almost 24 hours straight. Oh yeah. And he is getting drowsy. So back On, the circus train, the engineer crew is taking all of the routine safety precautions and sending various signals and flares to alert approaching trains to ensure that they have enough time to either reroute to another track or slow down before approaching their stalled train. But the engineer On the troop train, hasn't seen any of these warnings because he has fallen asleep at the wheel.

(29m 16s):
Shit. Yeah. His train has roared past four caution signals and a series of flares. And now he's going about 50 or 60 miles an hour. His train is flying towards the Hagen back Wallace train. It is worst case scenario. A few minutes before 4:00 AM this all steel troop train slams into the back of the wooden circus train. According to Richard Lidle quote, the sonic boom of the crash, vibrated glass window panes in houses near the tracks and brought local residents out into the pre dawn night to see what had caused the noise. The scene was evidently beyond immediate comprehension, and the onlookers froze at the edge of the wreck.

(29m 59s):
Can You imagine? Like just you've seen nothing in your life basically. And then this, it's like catastrophe happens right in front of your house. Like Your day is like flapjacks Hard work. Right? Hopefully A little bit of beer at the end of the day. And you're 10. You're 10, and that that's the rest of your fucking life. Rolling your own cigarettes. You're Getting ready to go to work in the morning. You're 10. Yeah. Yeah. Horrifying. And just like, what could this be? So dozens of passengers are killed instantly, and the remaining hundreds of sleeping passengers are violently jolted awake into an extremely disorienting and brutal reality. The troop train drills into the back of the circus, train three cars Deep.

(30m 43s):
Ah. The whole wood versus steel thing is just like horrifying. Hurts to hear. Yeah. Three cars deep. Oh my God. Yeah. Broken beams, boards, and beds. And most disturbingly bodies are violently hurled forward through the collapsing roofs and mangled walls of the sleeping cars creating a deadly crush. Yeah. An assistant lighting engineer named Henry Miller later remembers quote, I was in the last coach next to the caboose. I woke up to the sound of splintering wood. I was pounded into the corner of my ber, my scalp was split open. The whole car buckled. It parted down the center as clean as though it had been sliced with a giant knife.

(31m 25s):
Another survivor, IS Steinhouse, who handles the circuses props, says this. When I woke up, I thought someone had slugged me one in the neck. I felt like I was under an apartment building. There was enough wood on me to build a ship. Whoa. End quote. So the sheer force of the troop train slamming into the circus train is of course deadly all on its own. But the nightmares just beginning because shortly after the crash, all of the kerosene and oil lamps that light the higgin back Wallace set the train on fire. Shit. This fire moves quickly throughout the wooden sleep. In cars. Those who survive the initial impact now have to scramble through sharp pieces of wood and debris with serious injuries, or an outright shock to escape being consumed by an enormous fire.

(32m 15s):
And when they do escape, many of them turn right back around and risk their lives to pull their loved ones out of the fiery wreckage while men, women, and children are trapped. On the train screaming in terror. Oh my God. One ticket seller named Af Roberts, who manages to get to safety later remembers that quote. I saw people burned alive in one great, flaming hell of tortured souls and consumed flesh, God, the awfulness of it. And how brave were the injured who aided in the rescues? Mm. So it's 1918. The emergency response is, of course, nothing like it is today. No. 9 1 1. There aren't even readily accessible phones to call for help.

(32m 57s):
Instead, basically, the only help these people are gonna get is whatever they can go and get themselves. At least one crush survivor actually does just that. They just go run for help. And meanwhile, all of the survivors from roustabouts to acrobats and everybody in between, they act as first responders. Even though they themselves have just experienced unfathomable trauma, there's no time to process what's happened. They just begin pulling their friends and coworkers from the wreckage and doing whatever they can to save lives, including Big Joe Coyle. Big Joe was actually thrown from the train during the crash. So he watches as it erupts in flames in front of him, knowing that his wife and boys are still on board.

(33m 41s):
No. A newspaper article written shortly after the crash reports that Big Joe is quote, badly injured, but he tore hysterically at the wreckage that pinned down his wife. And little ones end quote, he keeps doing it even when it's basically assumed that his family has died in that fire. Oh my God. Joe has to be physically pulled out of the burning train. He refuses to give up and he continues fighting to reach them. This desperate blend of panic, courage, and heartbreak repeats over and over. An 18-year-old named Bobby Catrell, whose family members are bareback riders with the circus, is able to pull his parents to safety, but he's unable to reach his aunt and she dies in the fire.

(34m 25s):
A group of boys named Jimmy Mulvaney, Jay Kirker and James Everett, two of whom had literally run away from home to join the circus, quickly mobilize and begin pulling as many of their colleagues as they can from the burning train. It takes about a half an hour for fire engines from Hammond and nearby Gary, Indiana to get to the scene. Wow. Half an hour. Yeah. It's like by that time, and even then, they're limited in what they can do. Smithsonian Magazine reports, quote, the only source of water were nearby shallow marshes. A wrecking crane was also brought to the accident site to dig people out, but it couldn't initially be used because the heat from the fire was too intense.

(35m 9s):
End quote. So still firefighters try their best to free people from the wreckage until around 4:45 AM When rescue trains start to arrive, they bring more supplies to help fight the fire and carry the wounded back into town where they're diverted to a handful of area hospitals. The call goes out to doctors and nurses who travel in from surrounding towns to treat this big influx of new patients. The tight knit nature of the circus crew and their resourcefulness is on display, both at the hospital and at the crash site where they continue to help their friends and colleagues. Richard Lidle writes that quote, acrobats, trapeze performers and contortionists the most athletically oriented of the circus staff, had forgotten their priceless legs at the accident site and leaped into small holes in the wreckage to give aid to those pinned under debris.

(36m 3s):
And at the hospitals, they continued to move the injured wherever necessary. Surviving cowboys from wild West shows acted as nurses. The hospital staff quickly found that they were quite adept at handling cuts, bruises, and minor burns. Yikes. End quote. So they're just like Yeah. In there with their people Doing whatever they can Kind of like through the whole thing. Yeah. Which they themselves. It's like, you're not just gonna go sit down and Right. Take a breath. It's like, Nope, they're, they're in there like working on it. Amazing. So around 110 people are injured in this crash and 86 people are killed. Wow. The death toll is likely higher because of the transient nature of the circus.

(36m 47s):
No one really knows for sure how many people were On the train in the first place. I mean, it's such a, I kind of love, it was like a romantic time where you really could run away and join the circus. Yeah. That was real. Oh my God. Like what? If, you had seen the circus in this one city and like just jumped On the train. 'cause you fell in love with the Dropee artists and you were On the train and no one knew you were there and then Yep. They think that happened. Yeah. And the reality of those 86 lives lost is absolutely devastating for the Hagen Buck. Wallace Circus among the casualties is a member of the flying wards named Jenny Ward. Todd, two of the strong men from the Derricks Brothers Act.

(37m 27s):
And tragically, of course, Joel Coyle's entire family, Stella and his two sons, Joe Junior and Howard. When medical help, this is horrible. When medical help arrives, Joe's taken away on a stretcher weeping, and he's hurt to say, I wish I could have died with them. The steaming train wreckage is eventually cleared from the railway, but it's of course a difficult process. It requires a crane, which is terribly gruesome in and of stealth still. Spectators come and stand and watch as it's being cleared. The Indianapolis star reports that quote, at noon bodies were still being hauled from the mass. It was impossible to say that the things taken from the burning wreckage were human beings.

(38m 12s):
Oh fuck. Of course, the question of who is to blame comes up immediately a joint investigation by the Interstate Commerce Commission. And Indiana Public Service Commission eventually singles out two parties. Of course. One is Alonzo's Sergeant, the engineer of the troop train who'd fallen asleep. He is arrested. He's Charged, he's alive. Yeah. He lives through it. Holy Shit. His train is steel. Right, right. So yeah, you're gonna kind of win that one. But still, so he's arrested. He's charged with manslaughter, but the criminal case against him ends in a mistrial. He'd been working since five in the morning. Yeah, yeah. Which could be why the jurors were unable to reach a verdict.

(38m 52s):
I'm sure they got in there. And it's like, especially back then. Yeah. If there was no union, there's no protections. Totally. And he was forced to do his job Exactly that way. Yeah. Then, you know, it's a human mistake. Totally. He's never retried. But this accident effectively ends his decades long career On the railroad, and he reportedly struggles with the guilt until his passing in 1942 at the age of 75. Wow. What a horrible thing to live with. Yeah, totally. Just horrible. Meanwhile, the same investigation by the Interstate Commerce Commission and the Indiana Public Service Commission does place some blame with the Hagen back Wallace Circus itself.

(39m 33s):
While there are still plenty of wooden trains, On the tracks at the time, there's a clear understanding that steel cars are much safer and worth investing in. And the circus, like many traveling shows, saved money by buying older wooden trains for their tours. A decision that wound up costing dozens and dozens and dozens of lives as they rebuild operations in the coming years. The circus does invest in more expensive steel cars. So it's not like Yeah. The most cynical thing where they would just go back and Right. Replace them. But 125 lawsuits are filed on behalf of the victims for this disaster for damages at top a million dollars, which is more than $20 million in today's money.

(40m 14s):
Wow. On June 26th, 1918, four days after the train wreck, a funeral service is held for the victims at Woodlawn Cemetery outside of Chicago in a section of the cemetery known as Showman's rest. So the Showman's League of America, which is a guild for circus and carnival workers, had coincidentally purchased 750 plots here at this cemetery just before this train reckoning. Wow. Yeah. Their intention was to create a final resting place for people in the industry who might not have the money or a family to give them a proper burial. Oh my God. So the league's president is quoted as saying, no showman need ever go to a popper's grave.

(40m 57s):
I love that. I know. So of the estimated 86 crash victims 56 are buried at showman's rest. Wow. And they all get their own headstone, but because some of them were burned beyond recognition, or no one actually knew their legal names, these victims were unable to be identified. So it is a mass grave. Yeah. As museum director Patty Draping explains, in a 2018 Indie Star interview quote, these were often people who literally ran off and joined the circus. They might've only been there a few weeks and their names might never have been known. Plus like in the mayhem of the crash, it's not like you're sleeping next to your identifying, you know, papers or bag or whatever.

(41m 40s):
It's just mayhem. Right. And it's like, if it is, and it is like show business, it's like you could be in a different train car that you're not supposed to be in, or you're not assigned spot or any number of things to be going on. Yeah. It's, it's showbiz. So because of all that, the headstones often don't include a formal name. Instead they list the victim's circus world nickname. Oh. Like Baldy or their act for horse driver, or most devastatingly, something more tragic and simple like unidentified male or female, 1500 people attend this funeral service. Wow. On June 28th, including Joe Coyle himself, who is just beginning to mourn the loss of his entire family.

(42m 23s):
God, Joe will eventually return to performing. Wow. But only as a down and out quote sad clown who's always dressed in ragged clothes. Oh my God. Just devastating. Like He couldn't do the joyful thing he used to do anymore, but he loved it so much that he just needed, like he's doing it as his himself. His real, yeah, his real feelings. And he can show it, which is kind of maybe cathartic in a way too, right. Where it's like you don't have to put on a suit and go back to work and everything's fine. It's like, here's my sorrow, let me fucking show you. That's Right. You know, and like do a, you know, an overdone version of that where it's like watching little kids laugh Right.

(43m 6s):
While he does it. I mean, hopefully that was, hopefully that was cathartic. It's Tragic. It's so sad. Yeah. And it also is like, oh, all the clowns that kind of creeped you out, then you're like, oh, is that why you were creeped out? Yeah. Because you're like, something's going on back there. Your aura is just like, oh, they, So the funeral at Showman's rest is funded by Hagen back Wallace owner, ed Ballard. But Ed Ballard is not in attendance. Instead, he's back On the road and he is working to rebuild the circus. According to Richard Lidell quote of the 25 acts in the show on June 21st, all but one of them had been affected by this tragedy.

(43m 46s):
Wow. End quote. Ed's behavior might sound shocking or callous, but he knows that if he's gonna keep this operation afloat and continue housing and feeding staff and paying everybody, he has to do what needs to be done. So he works to borrow performers and equipment from other shows, Like, The, Ringling Brothers, and Barnum and Bailey until his staffers are ready to return. And in the end, the circus carries on with the help of its borrowed crew and they only have to cancel two of its slated performances. Wow. Before they're back. Meanwhile, survivors of the wreck are dealing with serious trauma. When a reporter later asks one of the animal trainers who is unidentified in the reporting, if any animals were killed, he explains, no ma'am, not an animal was killed.

(44m 35s):
They were all in the first section ahead of the next section. Only people were killed. This place ain't the same. We all aren't here. The actors can't get their minds to work straight. It's all so-So the lady that trains the lion over there, her name is Millie Jewel was burned to death. Her partner ain't half doing his act. He just naturally can't. Yeah. End quote, as hard as Ed Ballard tries the Hagen Bach Wallace Circus never fully recovers from the disaster financially or spiritually. And two decades later, its operators file for bankruptcy. By the mid 20th century, the golden age of the American circus has faded with the rise of movies and tv.

(45m 17s):
But the allure of the circus lives on nowhere is more the case than ironically at showman's rest. You can still visit it today at Legend has it that the area is haunted with some visitors claiming to hear spooky sounds of ghost animals during their visits. Although as many articles point out, the source of those noises could be the nearby Brookfield Zoo. Okay, that makes sense. However, if anywhere is haunted, that place is fucking haunted. A for real. You know, for real. But even more than a memorial or a paranormal hotspot, showman's rest stands as a tribute to the circus. An industry that offered so many people more than just a paycheck or a place to live. For many people, the circus was their chosen home where it didn't matter who you were or where you came from.

(46m 1s):
That home came with a built-in family. A ceremony is held at Showman's rest. Every Memorial Day that honors the victims of the 1918 Hammond crash, along with the many other performers in Roustabouts who are buried there. The village of Oak Park in Illinois, which is very close to Woodlawn Cemetery notes on its website that this event quote is a time to reflect On. the lives and legacies of these performers whose dedication to bringing joy and wonder to audiences shaped an important chapter in American entertainment history. The Memorial Day service is a solemn, yet celebratory occasion filled with stories of life under the big top, ensuring that the spirit of the circus lives on even as the performers themselves have passed.

(46m 47s):
And that is the story of the devastating Hammond Circus train wreck of 1918. Holy shit. Had you Ever heard of that? No. So crazy. So wild. Wow. That's devastating. Yeah.

(46m 60s):
As you said, It's fall and the weather's getting cooler and holiday festivities are in full swing. And with VY you can elevate your experience, treat Yourself to their premium THCA flour or flavorful gummies And v's. Premium hemp products offer just the right amount of relaxation and rejuvenation. Whether You wanna get better sleep, ease, anxiety, or enhance your mood via has something for you. They Offer a wide array of gummies with and without THC ranging from zero to a hundred milligrams. Via is also known for its soothing topicals and calming drops, all crafted with the highest quality hemp sourced from trusted, independently owned American Farms Via legally ships to nearly all 50 states in discrete packaging directly to your door with a worry-free guarantee. When I was on vacation, I used these gummies for sleeping and they work like a charm. It is kind of amazing when you just sit down in your bed, eat a little bit of candy, put your head down, On the pillow, and go to sleep. Like, 'cause I have sleeping problems every once in a while. So it's really nice to have something this amazing that actually helps. So if you're 21 and older, head to aya hemp.com and use the code Murder to receive 15% off. That's V-I-I-A-H-E-M p.com. After you purchase, they'll ask what you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them we sent you This fall. Enhance your every day with Via Goodbye

(48m 21s):
fall invites us to gather around the table for those cozy meals that have been cherished by our families for generations. Whether it's a savory pot pie or a rich stew, there's nothing quite like those comforting fall flavors. But if you're like me and that's too much work, home Chef is here to help. Home Chef has step-by-step recipes that are designed to make cooking a breeze. Whether you're a total beginner or a confident cook, looking to save time with speedy Recipes that are ready in less than 30 minutes and oven ready dishes that require zero prep, you can choose the meals that work for you. So no more feeling overwhelmed, no more racing against the clock. Just delicious meals that come together effortlessly every time. Home Chef boxes are conveniently delivered to your doorstep to simplify your cooking experience. And Home Chef has over 30 options a week and serves a variety of dietary needs so you don't have to worry about what to make ahead of time. Plus, They roll out 18 fresh options every week like cherry smothered meatloaf, or creamed spinach chicken. Not only is it convenient, but it's economical too. Home Chef customers saver an average of $86 per month on groceries. I mean, the idea of having a box sent to your door that inside has buffalo style Turkey meatballs, or salmon and dill, bernas, these like delicious meals that you can either put together yourself or just throw in the microwave. It's such a solution for these days. When you work till seven and you get home and you don't want to eat badly, you want something really good and homemade, but you truly do not have the time for A limited time Home Chef is offering our listeners 18 free meals plus free dessert for life. And of course, free shipping on your first box. Go to home chef.com/mfm. That's Home chef.com/mfm for 18. Free meals plus free dessert for life. Yep. You heard that right Home chef.com/mfm Must be an active subscriber to receive free dessert. Goodbye.

(50m 11s):
As we gear up for holiday festivities, you still have time to turn your home into a cozy and inviting space where you can emotionally attack your loved ones. With Articles carefully curated collection, your bruts aunt won't know how to respond. Article believes in delightful design for every home and thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. No more endless scrolling, just beautiful options that suit your taste. Check Out their Lee Modular sofa available in lifeguard fabrics. You'll be able to throw wine on your sister without any regrets. An article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get to choose your delivery time and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. When it comes to quality articles, designers hit the sweet spot between style, durability, and price. They're also all about thoughtful craftsmanship that not only looks great, but also stands the test of time. I looked down at this Lee Modular sofa, And I couldn't believe the price, Like a classy, attractive sofa for a price like that. Yeah. The idea that article provides such a beautiful quality furniture for people that like being able to make your space into a beautiful home is it's almost like they're doing volunteer work for people. Yeah. You don't have to live like a college student anymore. You guys with article Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye.

(51m 48s):
Goodbye. Okay, my turn. Great job. Thank you kindly. So I have a perfectly Halloween spooky, but not some creepy story to tell you. Great. And it happened kind of recently. It's a story that inspired the Netflix series, The Watcher. Oh yes. Did You watch out Naomi Campbell, right? Nope. Not Naomi Campbell. Naomi Jennifer Coolidge Watts. Yes. Yes. Yeah. I mean, how epic would it have been if like a Naomi Campbell started It, she's just doing like super Cunty walks back and forth down that street.

(52m 29s):
Hell yeah. How dare you stare at my house. Oh, Please someone make that. So the series is only very loosely based on actual events, but what happened is still creepy and fascinating. And as of yet unresolved. Yes. You love that. I'd love an unresolved. So this is the story of The Watcher. The main source for the story is a reporting in New York Magazine by Reeves Wman. And the rest of the sources can be found in the show notes. Okay. We're in Westfield, New Jersey. It's June of 2014, like posh high end neighborhood. Oh, it's a New York City suburb. It's one of the wealthier, higher end ones in New Jersey. It has lots of beautiful old houses, but it's a little spooky too because the man who created the Adams family cartoons actually was from Westfield and he based the house that the Adams family lived in off one of those Victorians that they have in town.

(53m 23s):
So like nice, gorgeous. Perfect. So it's a lovely late spring evening and m Alman named Derek Broadus is busy painting one of the rooms of the house his family has just bought the house is On the street that's just called The Boulevard, which is like Fancy she, Yeah. Pinky out. And it's full of tasteful, beautifully maintained old houses. It's got these long sidewalks, it's just really gorgeous. And the broadest family's new street address is just 6 57 Boulevard. Like that's the name of the street. I just love that. That like long sidewalks are Yeah, That Is, they're so sweet. As opposed to what? That they stop a bunch. I don't know.

(54m 3s):
I don't know what Allie meant by that. I, I am thinking of like in the valley there's a lot of places that just don't have sidewalks. Right. 'cause they're so I don't Are there? Yeah. It's just like road and then Ha. I don't Know. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. So I guess sidewalks are fucking like for rich people. I wouldn't know. I'm from the country. We did not have sidewalks. All we had were sidewalks in the suburbs. Okay. The house is about a hundred years old. It's a six bedroom Dutch colonial, similar to the Amityville Horror House. Oh. So I'll picture that. That looks like it has two eyes. Yeah. You know what I mean? Got you. So creepy. The broadest family has just purchased the house for a terrifying $1.3 million.

(54m 43s):
The spookiest number of all. Yeah. Which in today's money, so 1.3 in 2014. This is harder. I feel like almost. 'cause you can't just leap, you know? Yes, that's true. We really have to be reasonable with our estimations. Yeah. 2, 5, 1 7. I was just kidding. You know, inflation. Darius broadest, grew up in a working class town in Maine, but has done very well for himself and is now a senior vice president at an insurance company in Manhattan. Derek and Maria have three children who are 10, eight, and five. And the family already lives in Westfield in a house they're about to sell. And Maria is actually from the town her. So her parents live nearby, so nothing Bananas there.

(55m 25s):
The broadest plan is to live in their old house for a few more months while they complete those fucking pesky renovations. Everyone hates them. They haven't changed their address yet. So on that June night when Derek is painting, there's not a ton of mail, just some junk mail that's piled up. He finishes his work for the night and brings a stack of the mail in and goes through it. Tucked in with a few bills is an envelope, the kind that you send a greeting card with and it's addressed to Mr. And Mrs. Broadus, but the last name is misspelled. So it's just kind of spelled a little bit different as if someone just heard it and just took a guess at it and got it Wrong. Okay. The handwriting is shaky like a child or old person wrote it.

(56m 6s):
Or a nervous child. Nervous old child. A nervous elderly child. The worst is iest kind. The most Terrifying fucking thing. On the planet. Think. Think of it. A nervous, elderly child Like gray hair. Yeah. Crouched over. Yeah. Legos. Legos. Okay. Inside is a type letter and it reads, quote, dearest new neighbor at 6 57 Boulevard. Allow me to welcome you to the neighborhood. Oh, great. So far. Sounds great. I'm really open to whatever this card has to say. Right. 6 57 Boulevard has been the subject of my family for decades now, and as it approaches its a hundred and 10th birthday. I have been put in charge of watching and waiting for its second coming.

(56m 48s):
Okay. You're starting to get a little nervous, right? Like a little what? Second coming of a house. My grandfather watched the house in the 1920s and my father watched the 1960s. It is now my time. Do you know the history of the house? Do you know what lies within the walls of 6 57 Boulevard? Why are you here? I will find out. Okay. So you're already like running for the hills, I mean, but also this spookiness isn't really staying on track. No. So it's like, is it in the walls? Why would it be the new people who moved in? Like problem. Yeah. Yeah. Why are they doing something to you and Why do you need to watch it? Like what's the deal? If there's something in the walls, then like what?

(57m 30s):
But okay, goes on. Do you need to fill the house with the young blood? I requested better for me. What's your old house? Too small for the growing family or was it greed to bring me your children? Once I know their names, I will call to them and draw them to me. Oh yeah. You're involving the children now, you know. Hmm. Who am I? There are hundreds and hundreds of cars that drive by 6 57 Boulevard each day. Maybe I'm in one. Look at all the windows. You can see from the 6 57 Boulevard. Maybe I'm in one. Look out at any of the many windows in 6 57 Boulevard and all the people who drove by each day. Maybe I am one. Welcome my friends. Welcome. Let the party begin. End quote. A little hacky.

(58m 10s):
A little corny. Little Corny. A Little heavy handed. Still not what you wanna fucking see. Absolutely not in any way. But it made me go when they first said cars driving by in like Windows or whatever. It's like, oh, you live nowhere near this house. Oh, you think that's what you got? Sure. Okay. Just like trying to make it seem like I'm there watching and it's like, or Or are you like seven miles away trying to ride a scary card? Right. And underneath is signed in cursive. The. Watcher. They name themselves, they give themselves a nickname. Yeah. No one's scary if they give themselves a fucking nickname. Right. Everyone knows that. So Derek though freaks out. He runs around the house turning off all the lights. He calls the police and an officer comes over. But you know, can't really do much.

(58m 52s):
You know, the family doesn't have any enemies. And so that night Derek tells his wife Maria about the letter, which is like, why'd you tell her you're gonna like scare the shit outta her? Yeah. But if she doesn't know, then you're in trouble too. Absolutely. I mean, yeah. I would want Vince to tell me they emailed the previous owners of the house that they had just bought it from and tell them about the letter and are like, do you know who it could be from? And the woman, Andrea Woods says that they never got a letter in the 23 years they lived in the house House until right before they moved out. So after it was listed for sale, but before the house was closed on. And the note had been weird again, had referenced young blood, but she and her husband threw it away without thinking too much about it.

(59m 38s):
Like Yeah, don't tell the people who are just putting in an offer For sure. Right. Certainly not. You don't have to I. Like that's just a card. Bye. Right. Hey, bye. We're out. Well, the broadest can't stop thinking about this letter. The couple is on high alert and at one point they're showing the house to a new neighbor. And that neighbor uses the phrase young blood in reference to the children. What have you ever heard or said to someone be like, oh, those little young bloods. No, No. That's just like immediate red Flag. And is that the Jennifer Coolidge character in the TV show? I think she's the real estate agent. Oh, okay. If I remember correctly, I don't watch the whole thing. So I would, if I were Naomi Watts, I'd never stop being suspicious of that person. Yeah. Who says that? But what if it's like multiple people and they just like, don't like this family and they're like, you don't belong in this neighborhood.

(1h 0m 23s):
It's like everyone's against us. Yeah. Mm. Let's scare them away. But why? Yeah. So the next letter arrives. Wait, I have a theory of why do it that people who sold, wish they didn't sell, lied about getting a card themselves. So then that makes it look like they're also victims and it's hard to, right. And then it's like, actually we want you out so we can get back in. Okay. But it doesn't match the end. So great idea. I love the idea. I'm gonna pout for the rest of your story. And. I don't care. But I do want to hear what you think. Okay. And, I. Think to me, it's kind of obvious, but whatever. Okay. The next letter arrives two weeks later. So at the end of June or beginning of July, this is a distinctly threatening tone. Now it mentions the contractors who have been working On the house and ask quote, have they found what's in the walls yet?

(1h 1m 9s):
Is it black mold? That's the fucking most terrifying thing I can Truly find in the walls. Fully agree? Yeah. Oh, it says in time they will end quote. And it also references one of the broadest kids painting at an easel On the front porch. So they definitely have at least driven by and seen Them. Yes, you're Right. Then it goes on to say quote 6 57 Boulevard is anxious for you to move in. It has been years and years since the young blood ruled the hallways of the house. Have you found all of the secrets it holds yet? Will the young blood play in the basement or are they too afraid to go down there? I would be very afraid if I were them. It's far away from the rest of the house. If, you were upstairs, you would never hear them scream. No, I don't like this card at All.

(1h 1m 50s):
No, this one's worse. And then it goes on. Will they sleep in the attic or will you all sleep? On the second floor. Who has the bedrooms facing the street? I'll know as soon as you move in, it will help me to know who is in which bedroom. Then I can plan better. Yeah. So fuck you. Yeah. Immediate. Fuck you. Is it Like The son of the family from before. Oh, who knows the whole layout. And it's just being a weirdo and maybe put some stuff in the walls himself fucking With him. So it goes on and then it says, have a happy moving in day. You know, I will be watching. End quote. Wow. Derek and Maria stopped taking their kids to the house after the second letter arrives. Yeah. Obviously remember they haven't moved in yet. They give this one to the police as well, but continue to keep everything a secret from their neighbors, all of whom are suspects.

(1h 2m 34s):
They attended neighborhood barbecue and find out that the family in the house immediately next to theirs is a little colorful. Mm. In that neighboring house, a 90-year-old matriarch lives there with four of her grown children. They're in their like sixties at this point. And they've all been there since the 1960s. Like The letter writer indicated additionally, the letter writer said that they had been watching the house for almost two decades after taking over for their father. And the family patriarch in this house next door had died 12 years earlier. So the timing lines up to me. It's like boom. Yeah. Right. It turns out that this family was one of the first, the Westfield police thought of. They were like, Hey, it's These guys. It's these Guys.

(1h 3m 14s):
The police had interviewed one of the adult sons and this man had been known to trespass and look in windows in the past. But later we learned that he's been managing schizophrenia since he was a young adult. And when he looks in windows, he's actually interested in the renovations in unoccupied houses. Not at peeping at people. Hmm. But still like seems close to, you know, a mo Like. The. The motive of the The. Watcher doesn't. Right. Right. But this man's never been a physical threat to anyone. And he denies having anything to do with the letters. Some people will always think that this family had something to do with them. It's the only house that's been occupied by the same family for as long as the letter writer claims to have been around.

(1h 3m 55s):
And also has a good view of the broad's home. Both letters had been sent through the mail and had been postmarked in Carney, New Jersey. And the first letter had been sent three days before the sale of the house had been made public. Which also suggest to investigators that the letter writer is someone local who like knew who was moving in. Yeah. You know, 'cause they already had their name before it even gone public. And all the neighbors when they know like a house is up for sale and they, it's selling, ask about stuff. Talk to either the family or the real estate agent. Yeah, totally. Okay. So at the end of July, the third letter arrives. This one points out that the family is barely spending any time at the new house and asks quote, where have you gone to 6 57 Boulevard misses you and then six months pass and the renovations are finished, but the broadest is fucking give it a hard hell now.

(1h 4m 47s):
And they never move into the house. Oh my God. And they did like crazy renovations to make it their dream home. They sell their old place that they had been living at in Westfield, but they move in with Maria's parents. They just didn't wanna bring children to this house, you know, obviously. Right. Yeah. Right. So they're trying to get this mystery solved, but soon it looks like it's not gonna happen. No. Like no one really cares that much about it. And so the broadest has decided to put the house back On the market, which would be where your theory comes in and would be so spot on. Right? Yeah. They first list the house in early 2015 for 1.5 million to reflect those like costly renovations that they've done.

(1h 5m 27s):
But already there are a lot of rumors circulating. And anyone who views the house can see that it was only purchased six months prior, which will make any buyer go, what the fuck is wrong with this house? Yeah. Right. And that's when the whole story starts to come out publicly. The family gets a few low ball offers for the house, but they don't wanna take such a huge financial hit. The broadest is then file a lawsuit against the woods's, the family who had just sold it to them who Didn't disclose. Yeah. The broadest say that the woods is, should have disclosed that first letter they got right before they closed on sale. The lawsuit is eventually dismissed. Which I wonder like how, I guess it was like threatening and they did something. Maybe it wouldn't have been dismissed, but like nothing had happened.

(1h 6m 8s):
Yeah. And it's kind of just like we got a weird card. Yeah. It's, there's no law that says we have to tell you about every weird card we get. Totally. It makes me think of, there's this one story I heard about this house that been bought. Then one day spiders started coming out of the wall in, in droves. Oh. Like it was so infested with spiders that they had to move out and like shut the house down. There was no getting rid of them. Holy. You were able to sue the people who lived there before. 'cause they were like, oh yeah, I didn't tell you that This house is fucking owned by spiders. Can you imagine just like seeping out of the cracks in the wall. That is spiders. No, that's from the devil. A And actually something in my, when I was sublet my house in Burbank, when I was working in Chicago, the guy that was subletting for me called me and he's like, dude, I have to tell you there's crickets everywhere In the house.

(1h 6m 59s):
Yes. But you just never noticed. And well, I had never had that experience. Like there would be one here and one there. Yeah. But apparently there was like an infestation of crickets where I'm like, well, at least it's crickets. I know. It's Like. The least horrible insect. Yeah. That could happen. So what'd you do? Just Sent the bugman over. Yeah. And sprayed for it. But it was just kind of like that. It was so weird. I was just like, that's so Okay. Odd. That's like a Bible curse. It is. It is. You Should have been like you brought them motherfucker. There were not crickets before. Stop sinning in my house. Yeah. Oh my God. Do you know they have dog? They have dogs who sniff out black mold at houses. I've seen some videos. I love it.

(1h 7m 38s):
Okay. Yeah. Stop it Steve. You brought it up. I Know. I'm telling me. Stop fucking changing the subject. Okay. Okay. Lawsuits dismiss. The broads are like, all right, we need to sell the house. But they're like, we're not gonna fucking do what these people did to us. We have to disclose what happened, even though they legally don't. But nobody wants to buy the house because of that. Right. Like no one wants those letters and they don't feel right. Not telling them about them. What's weird is that truly there isn't really anything I know. Like it's just a weird letter. But if they're scared enough and like, let's pretend they're just like normal, rational people and they're freaked out enough by it not not to move in, then like you kind of can't do that to other people. Yeah, true.

(1h 8m 18s):
You know, it's almost like passing on a stalker, Right? Yeah. And like, so maybe the person they tell are like, oh, we don't give a shit about that. This is a fucking nice house. And like let's get it for a discount. Right. Someone might not care. Right. True. So They tell them hoping they find that person. Yeah. But they can't find that person. So then a developer comes and wants to buy the house and they wanna split the lot into and like take down the old house, build two new houses there, and then problem solve the house isn't there anymore. But fucking Westfield is like, hell fucking No, you're not tearing down a 110 year old house because of some letters. Yeah. Right. So everyone has a planning board meeting and the neighbors are like Absolutely not. And among the people at this meeting is the woman is a woman from that same eccentric family next door.

(1h 9m 1s):
And She's giggling Probably she's rubbing her hands together. This is all my doing. That's right. Oh Wait, what did I, did we say that out loud? She says On the record quote. I've spent almost 60 years looking at a magnificent, beautiful house. I don't wanna be looking out at a driveway end quote, which is like, you've been watching this house and the town ultimately rejects the broad's proposal. They're like, Nope, go back. Can't do it. Can't do it. Which is like, I get that Think so too. You can't tear down a fucking gorgeous old house with history because Also it doesn't solve the problem. Right. Like it actually, it's just a sidestep. Yeah, totally. So over the next year, the Broadus is keep lowering the asking price on their house.

(1h 9m 42s):
They always insist on showing any potential new buyer, all the letters before they proceed with the sale. At least They're honest people. I know. I mean, It's noble Giving them a lot of credit for that. Because you know, when you are in that in-between house, like they spent all this money, they still have that mortgage. That's a fucking lot of money to be waiting on for a house to sell. But they're smart enough to know that if they lied about it, that would just be one more burden on them. Right. That was one more thing that they're like feeling bad about. Totally. So it's like keep your side of the street clean. Yeah. And try to get this taken care of. Yeah, definitely. I think their agents and lawyers are like, shut the fuck up. Stop fucking telling people those Letters away. Yeah. People make offers, but every time they read the letters they back out.

(1h 10m 24s):
Derek says about one of the people who were interested but then saw the letters he says about it. Quote, some cocky guy from Staten Island said, fuck it, I'm gonna get a house and a discount. And then Derek says he read the letters and we never heard from him again. Yeah. So the Staten Island guy was like, oh no, You Staten Island buddy. He can deal with crops, but not The Watcher. Oh. So by now the story has been picked up by a lot of local New Jersey news outlets and some national ones. I. totally remember hearing about it. 'cause it's just so creepy and fascinating. I think I remember reading that article actually. Yeah, totally. And of course that makes it even harder for the broads to sell the house. In 2016, they finally managed to rent it out to a family who pays $5,000 a month to live in it.

(1h 11m 8s):
Which I think is a huge discount. It's like not a lot for that house, for whatever they could have gotten for it. Right. And a few months after that family moves in the renters, they call Derek because another letter has arrived. Oof. This one says, quote 6 57 Boulevard, survived your attempted assault and stood strong with its army of supporters. Barricading its gates. Meaning like that public, you know, housing thing. Yeah. Meaning my soldiers of the boulevard followed my orders to a T. They carried out their mission and saved the soul of 6 57 Boulevard with my orders all hail The, Watcher, end quote. So it could be the whole fucking neighborhood that's in on this. I mean, And, listen, I live in a neighborhood that's got some really fucking old like original houses before, like Los Angeles was a place, you know, I would defend one of those fucking houses.

(1h 11m 58s):
They were gorgeous. Sure. But what are you defending it from getting Torn down and turned into a lot. Oh not, yeah, not like someone moving in. Yeah. Before the, before they had, they were forced to get that right. What do you call developer in? Yeah. They were just trying to live like a normal family. Yeah. So what's the fight here? You didn't really give them much of AdChoices. Yeah, that's True. This is all The Watcher fault. It's, hold on. I can't stop being these Skittles. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'll stop now. No, it's ass MR. It's Halloween. It's Halloween and it's Halloween. Okay. So end quote. Then the letter then goes on drastically changing to this threatening tone saying quote, maybe a car accident, maybe a fire, maybe something as simple as a mild illness that never seems to go away, but makes you feel sick day after day after day after day.

(1h 12m 47s):
Like black mold, maybe the mysterious death of a pet. Loved ones suddenly die. Planes and cars and bicycles. Crash bones break. You are despised by the house and The Watcher won. End quote. Okay. Then I'd be like light a fucking match and run. Wait, sorry. This is to the original family. It's To the original family, but theres other people living in it at the time. Okay. Yeah. So this is the last letter that ever arrives at the house. And then in November of 2018, more than four years after that first letter arrived, New York magazine publishes that long article about the whole saga, which is the main source for this story.

(1h 13m 28s):
The attention this attracts will eventually inspire the Netflix series The Watcher. Again though, very loosely based on what actually happened. But the article also brings attention to the initial police investigation and how un it was like they didn't give a shit. Yeah. Because like, I mean what it's a kind of a threat. It's, it's a card. It's a card. What are they supposed to do? Yeah. I mean also it would be interesting to know what could they do like, right. Based on what the postmark, can you go back to the you? Hello. You're On the right track. Karen is aid detective. So in 2018 the police test the DNA On the envelopes and discover an intriguing detail. Mm. The envelopes that the letters were sent in had been sealed, lick sealed by a woman.

(1h 14m 12s):
This brings renewed focus to the woman who had been living at the house next to the broads. But police ask neighbors to voluntarily submit DNA samples. The woman next door who had spoken out at the town meeting, she is not a match. Oh. But it's like you fucking stopped someone On the street and you're like, lick this closed. I don't know. Is that a thing? I mean, you Could, would anyone do it? I don't know. Yes. Right. I don't Like The taste of these. Do you mind? Right. Or you know, you could do, you could take it to the post office, put it in the outgoing mail without it being sealed and then whoever's like sealing them, licks it and sends it on. Oh right. Without even thinking about it. I would never fucking do that. No. I, But yes. I wonder if you're allowed to do that. Like, leave it un unsealed. Yeah. Oh, it's an accident.

(1h 14m 53s):
Oh no. I better seal this one before the card gets lost. Also what, I wonder if they had that. 'cause there's, I've watched people do it where they just have a little piece of wet sponge. Yeah. And they do that. That's what You're supposed to do. So wait, the DNA with DN was on it. So the DNA was On the, that part of the envelope? Yeah. Like saliva. Okay. So there's a woman somewhere that probably wasn't the neighbor That sealed it. Okay. But that's all we know. Oh, okay. She just, someone sealed it at wasn't that neighbor. Okay. People around Westfield have thrown around a couple theories, but they're very loose and they name people directly. So I'm not even gonna bother talking about them. It's Joanne. You know Joanne? She did it. Oh Jesus.

(1h 15m 33s):
And her brownies are terrible. Some people theorize that the whole thing was in elaborate hoax concocted by the broads to either get out of buying such an expensive house that like maybe when they moved in they're like, oh shit, we actually can't afford this. But they did all these renovations too. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's weird. Yeah. That doesn't seem right. Or maybe they did it to get rich from a movie deal, but how would they know that was gonna happen? You know what I mean? They Would have to be sure that the best writer at New York Magazine totally picked up on this story. That seems a bit farfetched. Before I tell you our story, Naomi Campbell has to play me. I just wanna get that clear. We, I require that she's attached throughout this project. It's such a waste of money.

(1h 16m 13s):
I know. There's no evidence to back any of this up. And, and if it were true, their plan would've been a spectacular failure. Not to mention a huge risk for an insurance executive to take. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. And the money that the family did get from the Netflix show apparently didn't even cover the losses On the house. So I bet they had two grand or something for the whole's. Real. Yeah. Not each. And that's basically it. There's been no more letters since 2018. No one has made any additional headway. On the case. The broads want the female DNA from the envelopes to be run through forensic genealogy testing. Mm. And have even offered to pay for it themselves. But so far police are like, no, no, we have things to do.

(1h 16m 57s):
But, but why can't they hire their own private gen? Paul Holes knows a genealogy lab that you could hire. Just get, get the question answered. Paul. Paul holes we're always saying it. I mean, have him solve your cards. The broadest has finally sell the house for just under a million dollars in 2019, which is about 400 grand less than they paid for it four years earlier. It happens. It It hurts. I feel like That's a lot of money. I Bet the marble they used in that kitchen was worth fucking three times that. Yeah, they, that's the thing is they, the budget that they were remodeling under did not take into account no. The. Watcher. The budget they were using was that they were going to live there while their kids grew up.

(1h 17m 39s):
So let's use the nice fucking marble. Let's use the nice tile and then, and then faucets and shit. Perhaps someday resell it way above. Right. What we bought it For. Right. And like, I mean, not to be like boohoo this fucking rich family, but like it's kind of lame that it's just because some fucker fucked around and found out Right. That he Was right. Fucked around and we didn't find out. That's right. It kept it secret. It's So annoying since the new owners have bought the house. There have been a few incidents with alarms being triggered mysteriously, which they'll do particularly in the basement. Hmm. Oh my God. I had that house fucking alarmed to the Hill and cameraed up, down and sideways Everywhere. SimpliSafe fucking all over the Place. We've told you and told you the Police have actually been called to the house more than 50 times since the new owners moved in.

(1h 18m 25s):
'cause I bet they're fucking terrified. The Five zero. Yes. They like hear a fucking one cricket and they're like 9 1 1. I don't like that at all. I know. I wouldn't wanna Would you, would you do it? You get the house at a huge discount. It's a big old, beautiful house in a fucking great neighborhood In New Jersey. It's Dirty Jerseys. So that's a no just 'cause it's in Jersey. I mean I don't, I'm just saying that there's lots of lovely places to live in New Jersey. Yeah. If that's where you need to live. Why does it have to be On the Boulevard? Is it a kind of like, is that a status symbol? I think you couldn't afford a house in that probably area slash school district or whatever for what you had If. you didn't get that huge discount.

(1h 19m 6s):
You know What I mean? So it's like every horror movie where they're like, we don't care. Yeah. And then as they are in the house, they're starting to learn. Yeah. I don't believe in that. And then so I think like 9 1 1 may help you. Crickets. Crickets. But oh, by the way though, it seems that most of those calls are due to people trespassing, On the property 'cause of the house's notoriety. That's really shitty. It's so shitty. That's very inconsiderate of those people where it's like, my interest trumps your constant paranoia that I'm It's gonna take one thing. Oh my God. Which trigger My god, that house today on Halloween, they do not pass out Kandy. They Turn All the lights off and they fucking leave for the fucking Adirondacks. Well also why wouldn't they, their security walls go up.

(1h 19m 50s):
I wonder if there's like HOA rules where they can't build or something. I don't think there's like fences. Like Yeah. Some of those places won't let you build fences and shit. I know. It's so fucked up. God. The broad US has moved into another house in Westfield, which is perfectly nice, but way smaller and probably not as nice as the one On the Boulevard. Derek Broadus has tried his best to move on, but he's still consumed with the mystery, which I'm sure has been so irritating to him. And it's taken a toll on him. Yeah. In 2022, he tells New York magazine quote, I had just turned 40 when we bought the house. I am now 93 years old. End quote. Ugh. Yeah. The gray hair. Yeah. And that is the story of the enduring mystery of The Watcher.

(1h 20m 30s):
You know, also, it's kind of the thing of Like The more mysterious the message you are left to interpret. Right. There's nothing worse than a void of information that you are left to interpret or make up what's going on. Yeah. It makes people crazy And the incoherence of it that it's a little all over the place. And what does point to someone not being rational? Yes. It's unh. I mean it's unhinged to do that in the first place, but then to like, make yourself seem legitimately unhinged by how poorly you write this letter. Yeah. It's like, it just adds to it. Also, I wonder if they really wanted to just tear all those walls out. 'cause they're like, fine, let's see what's in the walls then. Yeah. If you. And like it's just so many.

(1h 21m 10s):
I would question, question, question. And what did the, like if the letter stopped in at a certain point, certain year. Yeah. Did anybody look up if any anybody died? Good idea. Or like who in the neighborhood died? Yeah. Or who in the city died? Or who in people's lives. 'cause also there's the thing, did you watch the, oh, it's so good. The new Olivia Coleman movie. Yep. I recommended it. Yes You did. What was it called? Dirty Little letters, I think. Yes. Yes. And she does, it's like her, but no one would expect it. 'cause she's this different kind of person. That was so good. I wonder if it's that thing where there's like somebody that one of the people in that family did something to and didn't realize it.

(1h 21m 54s):
Right. It could. Yeah. It could be. It could have been someone they actually know. And It's just this some weird, A weird person's revenge. Yeah. That's insanely effective. Yeah. Like if he's an insurance adjuster, did he have a client that he said, Nope, you won't be covered. Right. He fucked someone over. Or maybe it was like someone he works with who he fired and something. God. Yeah. Or a mom at the PTA fucking meeting. It could be anybody. It could be Anybody. Spooky Halloween. We did it. You guys, we hope you have a really good spooky Halloween. Great job. Thank you. That was really, that was, I think I watched the beginning of that and then for some reason had to go somewhere or something and then I just forgot that I was watching it.

(1h 22m 38s):
Me, me too. Now I wanna watch it. Yeah, Totally. Because Need to know this because anyone to be The Watcher. Yeah. What are the details? What are the, what are the possibilities? Possibilities. There's, they're endless. You have to go to Well, we're family because when you're in, that's, that's the boulevard. Your family. Let's go get endless breadsticks and figure out who's doing this. Let's Sit around On the table of breadsticks and fucking figure this out. The possibilities are endless. It's just a little Italian guy going like this to his mustache and he's, it's a me. It's me. I'm in the driveway. Tony Soprano. Tony, Thanks for listening. Yeah, thanks for listening. Please be safe on your Halloween.

(1h 23m 18s):
Yep. Wear sweater. Sweater. Your candy, light sweater. Wear coat over your costume to ruin it. March plastics. That's right. And stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an Exactly Right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana sce. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder at gmail.com.

(1h 23m 59s):
Follow The show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite murder and Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye. Yes. Now these are just Skittles. Wait, aren't they sour? Mm Oh, hold them. Yep. Too sour. Not too sour. They're, they're good. Okay. I'm gonna try 'em.