
This is exactly right.


Hey, it's me, the quenches. I'm that late afternoon craving. You just can't shake. Wait, what's that? Welch's grape aid? No. Made with real fruit and no added sugar. Nothing answers the call of the quenches. Like Grpa got the quenches. Grab a grpa in your juice aisle.


Stop, stop, stop.


Had enough kick out mucus and quiet the cough with Mucinex 12 hour DM for a long lasting cough and chest congestion relief. Buy Mucinex 12 hour DM at your local retailer uses directed


Hello And Welcome To. My favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard start. That's Karen. Kill Gareth And We Are here to very professionally record a podcast In the just possibly worst week that we could do it In. I mean, which we've said every week. That's True. But this week, so if you're listening on Thursday, which is the only day, from then on, you could be listening, right? You need to know we're recording on Monday, The day before the election. So we normally we're pretty good at mind reading and telling the future. Like we're pretty good at that. We're Prognosticators. Thank you. Deep down. Excuse you.


But we're not right now. 'cause we have no fucking clue what's gonna happen. So No. You know we're, I mean, are you feeling the straws? Yeah, Of course. How could you not? Nobody is confident. I mean, one person's fucking confident. Well, nobody feels safe enough to be confident, right? Because all any of us can do is remember Yeah. The times we were confident. Yeah. Go back to, we haven't done the rewind of the 2016 post-election, Amazon five star reading, comment, reading. 'cause that's all we could fucking handle. So hopefully next week guys, it'll be a celebration of women's rights and non Codifying Roe v.


Wade and actually getting this fucking shit back together. So, speaking of politics, just kidding. Did you watch, I'm changing the subject. Did you watch the new fucking Zodiac documentary? No. I was just, the people I was eating dinner with last night. I told me how incredible it is. Okay. It's totally incredible. It's called, it's on Netflix, it's called, this is a Zodiac Speaking and it's about Arthur Lee. Allen. Right. Who is like, everyone's, almost everyone, except for if you're on Reddit's favorite suspect. Right. And this doc, I don't, I don't wanna tell you everything. Right. Basically Spoilers, Spoilers, spoilers, basically kind of stepchildren from around that time are coming forward and like, here's what, here's our story about him.


Right. And it's fascinating. And. I'm just, I have no doubt in my mind I, I kind of always figured it was him just On the based On the evidence. But yeah, this is like, this is creepy. This is the most you've ever heard about him. I can't wait to watch it. Yeah, you're gonna love it. But when I got home last night, 'cause everyone was like, watch this, this series, this series, whatever. And when I got home I was like, there's no fucking way I'm watching a zodiac tro Chime dog series right now. No. You need your British shit. I had, I literally turned On the first British thing that I saw that I'd never seen before and like pulled up the weighted blanket and was just Like, oh my God, Take me away. Butler from Downton abb and your show, the British shit Is a weighted blanket essentially.


It's a double weighted blanket. Aw. Yeah. It's great. You'll love that. Great. Also, did you see episode two of Breath of Fire? No, I haven't watched any of it yet. Oh my god. Ah, Vince Knight? No. Write it on your hands. Okay. I'm writing, I'm bring it down. There's like a, so Joe Burier is coming out with a new JonBenet documentary, which like, he makes everything legit and you're like, oh JonBenet. I know it. But like that's gonna be an amazing doc. Yeah, there's so many good ones right Now. Amazing. Yeah. I'll get around to those. February, February, March. But Brother Vier, okay. I think it's because And I think we talked about this. It's the Kundalini it yoga documentary and it is so LA in the nineties, two thousands.


Yeah. There's shots of Golden Bridge where I was like, was I in that class? Because this is all anyone was doing. Wow. Okay. Crazy. I Didn't know it took place then. Yeah, I figured it was Like The two thousands. 'cause yoga. Yeah. Okay. Breath of air. I'll watch it. I just finished a book that made me think a lot, which was fun. Okay. It's called Hear One Moment. It's by Lynn Moriarty who wrote like all the all the like TV series that you've watched with Nicole Kidman as the like dramatic lead, you know? Sure. Like pretty Little Lies and like she wrote them. Okay. So this one is about these people in Australia. They get on a plane and in the middle of the plane ride, this older lady stands up and starts going down the aisle pointing at people and telling them how and their age of when they're gonna die.


Like in a trance. You da da da, you this and that. And then the rest of the book follows those people who got the ones that are like, you're gonna die soon as well as her and kind of tells you their are whole life stories and like It's not real. No. Oh. But the question is like, no, no, no. But the question is like, Sorry, we were just talking about documentaries. I'm like, this is incredible. That's A good point. Did this have That's a good point. I did not specify. But the point is like it, you know, it's like does fate exist? Can you change your future? Would you wanna fucking know? Like would you wanna know Me? Yeah. Oh no, no, no. If She were passing out age and Cause of Death, would you be like, give it to me? No, No, No.


Then you're just sitting there in your house being like, here comes March. Yeah. Like why would you do that? So that's This book called Here. One Moment. It's amazing is the Subtitle of that book Final Destination. It's good Because you're like holding your breath the whole time because you start to like care about these characters who are supposed to die soon. You know, Also just in an enclosed space on a plane like That. Yeah. You can't move. And she's up and she's in a trance. Yeah. And then you find out why she's doing it like later in the book and you're like, oh fuck. Or attention. No, it's like sad. It's kind of sad. You don't you, you wanna hate her and then you don't hate her. I don't know. It's good. It's Good. I bought so much makeup.


Can I have some? Yes, absolutely. Because there's shades. I got absolutely wrong. But I keep on trying new foundation before we record these goddamn things on video. I don't know, I just have to say it 'cause like my skin's a little bit burning right now. Your skin Looks great. Very like creamy. Really? Oh, Is that a gross word for Things? I think it's great for me. Skin looks great. It really was. I wish I could have shown you like sitting in a lighted up mirror. Oh That's, you can't do that. It's been fun though, like putting on makeup again after the pandemic because this is Like The first kind of time. I've been like actually regularly putting on makeup. That's right. And I'm older, so it's like everything has to be different.


We gotta work the shades and the sides. Yeah. The filter and the toner and the fucking, Ugh, all of it. Thank God for this one for a sale. But here's seriously, but here's also the thing that, 'cause we've been talking so much about doing this and planning it and scheduling it and dah, dah, dah. And then you realize, oh it used to be like when I was younger, it used to be If. you did something like this, it was this big deal these days. It's like what filming doing, doing a video, putting out a video, being in video. It's nothing like any of that stuff. It is truly like, okay, bye and If you look like shit. It's gonna be gone within fucking 12 hours. No one's gonna even look at it unless, And no one cares anymore.


It's not like that anymore. Can I Tell you Like The first photo that comes up when you Google my name and yes, I fucking Googled my name. Everyone Googles her fucking name is the one of the worst photos of me I've ever seen in my fucking life. I mean, And, I don't know how to get it down. I think you can pay somebody. I'm like slouching in a way that I can hear my mom yelling at me and she's fucking right. Like that's the worst part about that photo. Every time I look at I'm like, you Janet was right Janet, you look like fucking shit sit up. Well also I think the thing of Like The Instagram ification of everybody's brains is really bad. Not only because I'm a middle-aged woman who's like, oh this has always sucked for me.


But the fact that it makes you think, same with like dating apps, it makes you think that that is what matters or that is informing you about what the person you're seeing. Yeah. And it like you have this shorthand of like not not valuable. Valuable, not valuable. Yeah. It's just what we do. It's very human, but like it isn't in any way true or accurate. So you've got people who couldn't be more gorgeous, who are insanely insecure to the point of like won't leave their house. Yeah. Because They Think they're not as pretty as a person who has a filter on their face and never looked like that in the first place. Or people who are not fucking gorgeous and they still have so much to that doesn't mean you don't have anything to offer the fucking world.


There's nothing like I don't have Nothing to do with perfect, Perfect and gorgeous and pretty I can just exist and like take up space. There's no, there's no like rule or there is a rule, but I can fucking ignore it. That I have to be pretty to matter. Yes. And I fucking don't. Well And the rule quote unquote, it just changes person to person. So like what I think is attractive is completely different than what you or anybody else thinks is attractive. Right? So we're actually making up that. Oh I'm disqualified. I'm disqualified over and over based on completely random, where it's Like The person in the corner is in love with you. Right? Sorry to tell you. Right. These are all great points. And, I agree with all of them.


However, I should sit up straight. However I have to get a different face. How about Foundation? Shoulders, Back. Shoulders, Back. Also, I read a thing where when you sit in the posture, when you hold the posture with your hands behind you kind of touching your lower back and you kind of rub that, that's The one. It's Good for aging, it's good for your aging health as you age to Rub your lower back or to sit up like that. To sit up and rub your lower back. That's a little Chinese medicine I'm getting on TikTok. What I really love, where I'm like, is that the trick? Okay, maybe it's, we should get the trick maybe like posture things for these chairs. Yes. What if we got kind of like straight up and down, like we're On the voice where we like spin around. We could also strap our necks to the back of them.


So we're just never Yeah. Sounds good. Okay. Some tape. Some tape. Pulling our entire faces back. Ha. So we cut through that in a real quick, quick second. We breeze through the opening. That's breeze through the highlights from our network. Exactly, Right. Media are these Karen Picks my hairs on Here. Microphone. You gotta hope. You Gotta hope. Unless fucking Bridger has been recording in here and he is like, are they red? He is like as a guest. Will you please rub your head on that mic? No. Okay, You go. Okay. We have a podcast network and it's called Exactly Right. And you're here on it. Yeah. Thank you. We'd like you to go to other places on it as well.


Yeah. Listen to the other podcast. There's a fucking lot of good ones. For example, this week on Lady to Lady, the Gals are joined by comedian Danielle Perez. They have a hilarious chat. They answer a listener's lady problem. Danielle Perez is a hilarious standup comic and friend. And you know, just a person that's been around for a long time. Yeah. And we Have a lot of lady problems on this podcast. Clearly On this podcast we have lady problems And on another podcast hosted by a bunch of great ladies, This, Podcast, Will, Kill, You. Erin and Erin bring you part one of the series all about retinoids. Like I have been using them, stealing them from my mom since I was too young to be using them. You know, it's like teen makeup TikTok thing.


Was it the one, the thing that was like red then white, then red? Yes. I did the same thing and burned So bad for you. A whole fucking thing on my face. Yeah, It's because, So it was all pearlescent Creamy. Oh my God. Beautiful. And I just got a huge doll above it and like put it on my cheek. Yeah. So stupid. So check out This Podcast, Will Kill, You retinoids. Erin and Erin will actually tell you the scientific stuff right behind Retinoids. Not these little anecdotes that we told you. Also If, you missed it in person. This is your chance to listen to Bridgers. I said no gif live show. He recorded it at the Bellhouse in Brooklyn last month. Bowen Yang was a guest. Jeff Hiller was a guest from somebody somewhere. The show we love so much.


I love him. Sydnee Washington was A guest. She's incredible, Hilarious. Speaking of gifts, you can now purchase a card version of Bridger's Game gift or a curse that he plays. On the show. You can own it. You can play it with your family during the holiday. Go to the ERM store to buy that. And while you're shopping, check out all of our new items for the season, including a festive sweatshirt with crows wearing Santa hats. That's right. I mean that's a deep fucking cut. Yeah, it's a, and they're sitting on a phrase that says My favorite murder. That's right. Come. We said we like crows. It's solids. We also have a cozy hot dog sweatshirt. Like I just said. We have new stickers, we have freaking ornaments. Yeah. And so much more. So go to Exactly Right store.com.


Celebrate With us this holiday season. Please.


You know, Georgia, we're barreling towards the holidays and it's time for the annual gift shopping Battle Royale. Yay. Get ready to shove an old lady or just grab a flat screen out of her hands. And After a day of fending off strangers at the mall, you know that you've earned a warm cup of beams. Dream powder And you'll drift off to sleep. Before you can ask yourself, am I a bad person? We. Are excited to talk about Beams Dream Powder. It's a science-backed healthy, hot cocoa for sleep. Other sleep aids can cause Next day grogginess. Oh my God. I know. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of reishi magnesium, L tine, epi, genin, and melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep and wake up refreshed. Check out beam's, limited time holiday flavors like white, peppermint, mocha and gingerbread. Get 'em before they sell out. Despite all of the stress and busyness, this time of year Beam can help you get eight hours of uninterrupted sleep. Get back on track with just a few Sips. I mean, you've talked about your sleep issues in the past. I recently, and it is because of menopause, but I've been having sleep issues. It is the worst. It is. Like when you are in that situation just laying there, you dunno what to do. There's no worse feeling. And the idea that now I can just get up and go to the kitchen and make myself a cup of hot cocoa that isn't just for my emotional needs, but actually is going to have the ingredients that are actually gonna help me go back to sleep. It's a dream come true. Literally right now Beam is offering our listeners exclusive early access to their cyber sale. This Is their biggest sale of the year and our listeners can shop it early before anyone else. Ooh, Get up to 50% off when you visit shop beam.com/murder To try Dream for the lowest price of the year. Head over to shop beam.com/murder and get yours before they sell out. That's shop BEA m.com/murder and use code murder for up to 50% off Beam. Better sleep has never tasted better. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This podcast is brought to you in part by Squarespace. Hey Karen. It's the giving season time to share your bounty with your fellow Man. Okay, what's your angle? Hard stark If. you have a side hustle, a holiday recipe blog, or your own mini gift shop idea. Squarespace is here to help you build a site that brings your vision to life. They make creating and managing a website easy. With Squarespace's new design intelligence. With 20 years of design expertise in ai, you can build a stunning website that fits your unique needs. With Squarespace, selling content has never been easier. By putting online courses, videos, and memberships behind a paywall, you can earn revenue with one-time fees or subscriptions. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay Afterpay and more and Get discovered faster. With squarespace's built in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and autogenerated site maps, you'll rank higher and search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com for a free trial And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash murder. To save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder. Goodbye.


Does this time of the year bring back memories of getting into a physical altercation with a family member about whether you should make mashed potatoes chunky or smooth? If the answer's yes, then you might need to consider therapy my friend. Therapy is the place for you to explore your thoughts, feelings, and behavior patterns. And when you sign up for Talkspace, you'll match with a therapist or a psychologist typically within 48 hours. Talkspace provides personalized treatments for individuals, couples, the LGBTQIA plus community, veterans and teens. Talkspace has licensed therapists in over 40 specialties like anxiety, depression, and relationship issues. Plus, these services are covered by many insurance plans and employers. Most insured members have a $0 copay. Once you meet your therapy goals or If you wanna cancel for any reason, Talkspace will provide you with a prorated refund for unused time. There's really no reason not to try therapy. I mean, these days I feel like everybody kind of knows that, but Talkspace is a way of kind of tiptoeing into the shallow end of the pool and making sure that you're comfortable. There's nothing worse than having to try something as vulnerable, as difficult as therapy and feeling like you're totally exposed or that you're making this gigantic commitment. Like Talkspace makes it so that you can try it on your own terms and at your own speed. And as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to Talkspace dot com slash mfm and enter promo code space 80 To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to Talkspace dot com slash mfm and enter promo code S-P-A-C-E eight zero. You'll get $80 off your first month and show support for our show. That's Talkspace dot com slash mfm and enter promo code space 80. Goodbye.


I'm first, which means it's the bad one. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? Sure. Like that's what it's become. It's all pretty bad. I mean yeah, it's all bad. I'm gonna tell you a fucked up story that like sounds like a plot line in a soap opera. Great. But it's not. It's freaking real. Obviously I wouldn't be, this is not fiction. It's a true crime. Yeah. Today I'm gonna tell you the story of Del Lamar Vera. I'm not gonna give you more info on that. Okay. The main sources I used in the story are an article by Anna Moore in The Guardian. And that previews the new documentary that's about to come out about this case in the uk.


On UK tv. And then also I used reporting from the Philadelphia Enquirer and the rest can be found on our show notes. Is it BBC one or BBC two Or BBC Three Or BBC four We're coming Coming out this week On uk. On uk. I think UK TV is like not BC essentially. I don't think so. What's UKTV? The I think that might be the generalized like it's gonna be, it's coming out over there and we'll get it later probably. I feel like if there was a channel called UKTV, I'd already be paying 1799 for it. Can you check on that Aandra? That's what Ally wrote. If I just found out that there's a new app that I should have joined long ago, I'm gonna be really upset. It's like a multi-channel broadcaster owned by BBC studios.


There you go. We were both right. Sorry. It's literally a thing called KT that I can get. So I can watch. kt, This is not an ad for K tv. I might have to get up and leave the studio right Now. Go program your recording box. There Might be something like a you streaming service. She'll figure it out later. I'm telling a story. Oh, I'm sorry. You're right. This is about you. I don't care. This is about you. About you kt. Okay. Sadly, the beginning of this, is it called the fire? So let's get back into this. Yeah, we have to reset actually. Yeah, here we go. But also like we're trying to, all that energy is like election energy.


Yeah. That now we have to like put aside Yep. And focus. I mean it's only Monday. Anything could happen by fucking Thursday. Okay. Truly. But where We Are for our purposes, it's the evening of December 15th, 1997 in Philadelphia. Oh great. Louis Cuevas has just put her 10 day old newborn baby girl to bed. The baby is named DeMar. Luz has two other kids, boys who are five and six years old and the family lives in a row house in the Feltonville neighborhood of North Philadelphia. The older kids are from a previous relationship. They all also live with De Lamar's father, Pedro Vera who is a mechanic.


It's a happy, albeit tired time in the Cuevas vera household with a brand new baby settling in in Christmas coming up in the early evening, a relative of Pedro, the father comes over to the house, she's a cousin by marriage. She had stayed overnight the evening before and has now returned because she forgot her purse. Her name is Carolyn Correa. Some accounts say she's been over many times while others say this overnight stay has been her very first visit. Hmm. And also the first time she met Lou's the mother. So that's kind of fuzzy. Anyway, Caroline tells the family that she too has actually just given birth to a baby, which is odd because it's hard to just spend a night away when you have a newborn.


Yeah. Right. But no one seems to dwell on this. And when she comes back the next day to get her purse, Pedro was out. So Caroline gets her purse, uses the bathroom upstairs and then leaves. And then 10 minutes after that, Lou hears a loud bang coming from Delhi Mar the newborn baby's room upstairs. It's never been determined exactly what the bang is. Sometimes it's described as more of a pop, but there's some commotion from the baby's room. Lou races upstairs to check on. Her daughter whips the door open to the bedroom and to her complete horror, she sees that a small fire has started in the corner of the room and the room is beginning to fill with smoke. Oh my God. I know. She also sees that the window is wide open.


But when she gets to D Lamar's crib, she sees that it's completely empty. Lou frantically looks around the room for her baby and doesn't see her anywhere. She runs downstairs, gets the rest of the family outta the house, and then returns to the baby's room, which is now a blaze again, doesn't find her baby anywhere and burns her face in the process of looking for her. She's so frantic. Yeah. But then she has to leave the house because the fire's gotten so outta hand. So once outside Luz of course is screaming 'cause she doesn't know where her baby is and the house is on fire and a neighbor tries to enter the house and climb the stairs. But the smoke and fire are too overpowering. He will always say that as he climbed up the stairs, he heard a baby crying.


Oh no. That's always gonna be his statement. The fire department shows up quickly and the blaze is put out within 15 minutes. And during this time while the fire is being put out, Pedro, the father comes back home, sees what's happening and realizes his baby is his baby. Girl's unaccounted for the whole upstairs portion of the house has been completely gutted. Lou tries many times to communicate to both the firefighters and the police that she doesn't think that Delmar the baby was actually in the room when the fire started. Lou speaks very little English. She's originally from Puerto Rico. Somehow it seems no one bothers to find a translator or someone can translate. None of the neighbors are able to help with that for some reason.


And also there's somehow no police or firefighters who speak Spanish who can communicate with them. And I mean it's 1997. I'm not trying to say anything's better now, but you know We have Google translate now. I Mean fuck. So the firefighters say that the fire began because of a faulty extension cord that was being used with a space heater in Del Lamar's room. They say they don't see any proof of arson and they also say they find no trace of the baby, no bone fragments, nothing. Which is very unusual. Pathologists disagree on whether it would even be possible to find nothing. Some say that because Del Lamar was so small, she was completely consumed by the fire, which is such a horrible fucking thing to consider.


Other experts say that this is not what they would expect to have happened in a fire that only burned for 14 minutes. You know? Right. It reminds me of that one case of all the children in that house. Have we covered that one yet? The Solder family. The Solder family, Yeah. And it's the, the whole idea of that, like how long does it actually take to Incinerate completely to Inc completely bone. Right. That idea That you would find absolutely nothing. Right. Investigators sift through the charred remains of the bedroom and at one point they give the family what they claim are the remains of their baby daughter. But they're tested and they turn out only to be part of like part of the mattress, the some melted piece of you know, fabric.


And because Del Lamar's body is never found, the family is never issued a death certificate. Hmm. They are told that they can get one through the courts, but the family a doesn't have a lot of money to do such a thing. And Luz does not speak much English as I said. And of course Lou doesn't really believe her daughter has died. So De Lamar is never legally declared dead. Just so heartbreaking that she just has to hold onto that. Right. It's also just so confusing. Yeah. Like all this series of events where it's like all of a sudden Yeah a bunch of horrible things happen and No one will listen and believe you. Yeah. Lou tries repeatedly to get the police to investigate this as a missing person's case. But they say the baby died in the fire and they won't pursue the matter any further.


Member of Lou's family think that she is simply overcome with grief. Her brother says quote, we thought she was just traumatized by the fire neighbors and friends will report that. But Lou and Pedro are constantly saying that their baby is alive. They totally believe it. The couple have another child together in 2002, but they ultimately split up. Cut to six years later in January of 2004, Lou and her family attend a birthday party thrown by Pedro, the father's sister Evelyn for one of her grandchildren at the party. Luz sees a beautiful 6-year-old little girl playing with the other children and she fucking just knows It's her daughter.


She's looking at a child that bears a striking resemblance to her herself. And remember this baby was 10 days old right when she last saw her. She has a dimple in her cheek that was there when she was 10 days old. And then she realizes that the little girl is there with none other than Carolyn. That overnight house guest from the night the Del Lamar disappeared. Oh My God. Then according to Luz, a family member takes it a step further. The other family member who's not related to Lou says like notices something's not right. And she's like, isn't Carolyn's daughter beautiful? She's not your baby. Like fucking outright says that. And then The sentence, yeah. She's not your baby. Yeah. Isn't she pretty? She's not yours. 'cause I feel like she sees her losing her fucking mind.


Yeah. Except for wouldn't you say something like, are you okay? Do you need to sit down like immediately going to that? Yeah. That's, that's a person you don't want as your ring man. Right. Well For Lou's the mother of all mothers, enough is enough. In 1997 when Delmar had disappeared, there wasn't really that much discussion about what could be done with DNA. But by now it's all over the place and Luz has seen a lot of crime shows. She beckons the little girl over who she finds out is named Aaliyah. Listen to fucking this. This is like next level. Like women mothers can do anything. She tells the little girl she's got gum in her hair, yanks a couple strands of her, this six year old's hair out of her fucking head.


Yep. Brilliant. I mean In the moment like that, when you would be so shocked. Yeah. And reeling and trying to probably get people to listen to or get instead she's Like first fucking instinct. She goes Right to it. Unbelievable this time because the police have turned her away multiple times and clearly are not taking her seriously about her daughter not being dead. Liz, time Luz goes to her local representative in the state legislature. It's m Alman named an angel Cruz and an angel is skeptical at first, but he connects Luz with the police and gets them to agree to the DNA test of that hair. And by the end of February, about a month after this encounter at the party, the results come back. That little girl is Delmar.


Oh My god. I know how I hadn't heard of this until I started doing research on it. This, I've never heard of this. Wow. The way most people tell the story and the way it would make the most sense is that Luz has always suspected Carolyn of having something to do with her daughter's disappearance. And it sounds like other people in the family also had their suspicions and shared them with Luz and Pedro over the years. Some people report that Pedro actually saw Del Lamar in person at some family gatherings. It's all just a little like sketchy and vague and Weird. Yeah. And manipulative. It seems And I Guess the new documentary may shed some light on this as well. So back to Carolyn, she had been raising De La Mar as her own daughter only 15 miles away from the house that she was stolen from Right over the state line in Philadelphia, suburb in New Jersey.


So I wonder if just a completely different state they weren't even aware. Yeah. You know, but I also didn't look into it so it wouldn't have fucking mattered. Yeah. The Philly police had already dismissed it. Exactly. And at first it seems like Carolyn is completely convinced that she is de Lamar's mother. She willingly gives her own DNA sample when the police are like, we need to compare the DNA. But it just ends up being further proof that she's not, it doesn't match. So many people believe that Carolyn was consumed by the desire to have a child even though she physically couldn't. And it's all those things of like, it's the same as Like The rewind we just did of the woman who Sarah Brady who wanted to steal the unborn baby. Yeah. This obsessive like need or want more like for a baby and telling people you're pregnant and then getting desperate.


I mean it truly, it seems like pretty serious mental illness. Yeah. And not like a thing that someone is just like choosing to do one day. Yeah. There's an obsession quality to it. There's clearly some sad deep need trauma, whatever. Right, Right. But no excuses but But also, oh my God. Yeah. And also it's within your family. It's not Like The, you know, you've heard these stories every once in a while of like a kid goes missing and then is discovered 30 years later. Oh God. Yeah. But also Carolyn had had her tubes tied years earlier, so she knew she couldn't have children. That almost to me shows more of a mental illness too, where it's like you actually cannot physically have a baby because of a decision you made.


And you're still obsessed with the idea of having a baby. Do we know it was her decision or no? Was it like medical? That's a great point. We don't know. So after the DNA tests, Carolyn turns herself in and is charged with kidnapping and arson 'cause of the fire she set. This is actually not her first time being charged with arson. In 1996, Carolyn had been charged with setting fire to a medical office in order to hide the evidence that she had been stealing checks. I think she had worked there and this case had actually been in the courts when she kidnapped Del Lamar and she was waiting, you know, to be arraigned and some speculate that she wanted to use the excuse of having a newborn daughter in order to get a more lenient sentence, which just turns the whole thing into instead of this like mentally ill woman who would do anything for a baby.


Just Transactional. Yeah. Weird gross. Right. Yeah. So it could be any of those things. That's Very Odd. Yeah. She pleaded guilty in that case and was sentenced to five years probation. So this time Carolyn pleads no contest to the kidnapping charges and the arson charges are dropped and she's sentenced from nine to 30 years in prison. She's since been released And I, don't know what the details are and hopefully the documentary will will shine some light on that. Carolyn's story shifts and changes over the years. Eventually she'll pretty much settle on implicating both of Del Lamar's parents saying they actually gave her the baby, which is just, let's not even ma'am pretend.


Yeah. There's no evidence of this of course. But de Lamar's own mother Lou's will eventually come to believe that her now ex Pedro was actually involved. And Lou's does not appear in the new documentary, but Pedro does. And it doesn't seem like De Lamar believes that at all herself, the adult. So that's just something that Carolyn threw out there. I mean it seems like just she's thrown out anything. Yeah. Yeah. And Pedro has always vehemently denied that he had anything to do with the kidnapping and he's never been charged by police. But it sounds like Carolyn has some mental health struggles obviously and has had them over the years. And in the days before she took Delamar, she had told multiple people, including her ex-boyfriend, that she was expecting a baby.


The ex-boyfriend's baby. Carolyn admits that she actually was pregnant in 1997 and had a still mourn baby. But there's no evidence of this in her medical records. And this would've been after she had her tubes tied. So I don't know how possible that is. Seems impossible. Seems like it. Yeah. So back to 2004, when the DNA test comes back, once the truth about Del Lamar comes out, a lot of child psychologists and experts weigh in saying that Del Lamarr's reunification with her real family, her birth family should be a slow process. But On the other hand, Carolyn is now in jail. So you know, the options are basically sending De Lamar, who's six years old now to a foster family or just sending her back to her birth family's house, you know, which seems Like The better option.


And so authorities opt to reunite her as quickly as possible, pretty much like immediately after the DNA results come back. So this poor little girl finds out everything, finds out everything at once, and then is sent to a bunch of stranger's house. Right. You know? Yeah. Who love her and have missed her, but she doesn't know anything about that. Right. De Lamar for all she's been through, it does sound like a delightful child in these photos of her. She's just beaming. She's this lovely child when Luz first walks into the room to meet her daughter, her older daughter for the first time when both of them know the truth. De Lamar hides under the table and Luz was super worried, but when Lou walks in she jumps out and yells surprise and like they hug and you know, it's all beautiful.


Oh. So like she's just actually this like sweet child. She's this classic 6-year-old Yeah. Where she's like, oh, you don't understand what you hiding under the table is actually doing to your mother and you're just trying to have fun with it. Because also it's a 6-year-old where a, a stranger, a woman walks into a room and the feeling of the emotion Right. Must have been like overwhelming. And De Lamar says, when she saw Luz at the party, she thought what a beautiful woman. Like she wasn't immediately drawn to her, but she did think like she did notice her. Yeah. And like have some kind of moment. It's just so, oh my God, I can't fucking imagine. And On, the day that Del Lamar goes to her new home to her birth family's home is March of 2004.


And of course reporters are there, they're loving this fucking story. They ask little Della Moore how she's feeling and she tells 'em that she's happy. She smiles and poses from some pictures on her front stoop and then she asks the reporters not to come to her house anymore. She's like, I'm done with this. Which is like, so it's like adults can't even fucking do that. Yeah. Great. Yeah. That's funny. In 2008, lifetime makes a movie outta the Story and it's called Little Girl Lost and Del Lamar and Lou actually attend the premier together. There's this like sweet picture of them. And so for the past 20 years that's been kind of where the story has ended for anyone who was following it. De Lamar goes home with her new family, Carolyn goes to prison.


And of course we hope that everyone lives happily ever after. But the truth of course is more complicated than that. Oh, de Lamar spoke On the record about her experience for the very first time just a few weeks ago for that article in The Guardian ahead of the release of the new documentary. She's 26 now, and she says quote, for a really long time I almost thought this new life was temporary. I had one photo of me with my old siblings on a bench and I'd look at it and think, oh, I'm going to go back and see them like six years old. Like it's just so confounding. Yeah. It'd make no sense. And You're old enough to kind of know what's going on. Yeah, yeah. She says quote, there was no support, no therapy, no resources.


Nobody ever sat us down and said, are you okay? Do you need help? Of Course not. No. I mean, It was 2004. Hopefully that would be the case. Now It seems recent, 2004 it's not. But in terms of therapy and talking about stuff like this Right. And childhood trauma and shit, it's Not, it might as well be 1950. Totally. All of the practical aspects of Del Lamar's abduction are probably just as mysterious to her as to everyone else since she was an infant. But Del Lamar now sheds a lot of light on her time with Carolyn. For one thing, Carolyn had warned her that a bad lady wanted to take her away and that the, this bad lady would claim that she was Del Lamar's real mother.


But as I said, when Del Lamar saw lose at the party, she said she instantly gravitated towards her. And actually Carolyn was not around that much as the mother. She worked long hours at a pharmacy. So it was really extended family members who Del Lamar spent most of her time with. Del Lamar was entered into pageants and auditioned for commercials. She attended private school, but Carolyn also withheld food and was abusive and would hit Del Lamar with a belt. It sounds like when she escaped this family, it was like for the best for that child. Yeah. And she says that some things were an instant relief when she was reunited with her birth family. Lou's household was just more functional.


Food was much more abundant. Delmar now had a sibling that was closer to her in age. The, the siblings that she had through Carolyn were much older. So she's really close with her brothers now her from her birth family. But then once Delmar got into her teenage years, things got rocky. She had no support. Yeah. She needed mental health support. Yeah. She and her mother started butting heads and Del Lamar left to go live with her father Pedro. They had a relationship breakdown as well. And so when she was 15, Delmar wound up living in a group home so young, she was then left vulnerable to several bad and predatory relationships.


But then somehow at the age of 20, she found the strength to change her entire life. She saved money, she removed herself from the abusive relationship she was in. She rented an apartment and she became a healthy functioning adult. I mean, this person is At age 20. Yeah. Wow. This person is just so admirable. It's incredible. And for someone with her circumstances who was given very few resources, it's very remarkable. She also repaired her relationship with, with both of her parents, her birth parents, Liz and Pedro, with the help of the man who is now her husband, m Alman, named Isaiah. She's in this beautiful relationship now.


She says, quote Isaiah drew me closer to them. We started hanging out with my family more. My dad lives in Puerto Rico, but he calls me and we'll chat for an hour. My mom, And I talk multiple times a week. We spend holidays together. My brothers are my best friends. End quote. Mm. On de Lamar's Instagram. She says she's working on writing a book about her experience. And there's a beautiful photo of her and her mother at her wedding. They're both beaming and they both have dimples. Mm. And that is the story of the disappearance and reappearance of Del Lamar. Vera. I mean, God, it's like as a true crime story. It's like best case scenario. Yeah. For the fact that she was just kind of over the state line.


Yeah. But oh my God, I know She fuck the seeing her at the party and the ruse of getting hair out of her head to me is just like, oh shit. Six years of being away from your own child, 10 days with that infant and you fucking knew immediately. Yeah. Like that to me is like, oh wow. That's okay. That's what motherhood does to you. Yeah. Like something I, I'm kind of sad I'll never understand. Well, you can read these stories. I can And I. My mom would do that for me. She'd Pull hair right outta your head. She fucking Would for a DNA test. Or really any reason, really any reason.


Do it truly. well I mean that is, you're right. It's like, it's a very special, important relationship. And it's nice to think then that like no matter the circumstances Yeah, your mom would know you. Your mom would recognize you in a million universes. Oh, Very Sweet. And yank your fucking head outta your hair and be Like, look, I gotta do it. It's for the best. It hurts me more than it hurts you. Yeah. Isn't that wild? That was incredible. It's just, yeah. I wanna watch a documentary. I wanna just, I mean, Powerful. Amazing. Yeah.


As the holidays approach, there's just one thing to keep in mind. Our Friends and families, No chairs, as in, do you have enough chairs for all of these people? And that's where article comes in. Article Believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. No more endless scrolling, just beautiful options that suit your taste. Check out their Noosh dining chair designed with tapered legs, soft textured upholstery, and solid wood construction. It effortlessly combines style and comfort When it comes to quality articles. Designers hit the sweet spot between style, durability, and price. They're all about thoughtful craftsmanship that not only looks great, but also stands the test of time. I love that you can kind of just pick anything off of the article website and it'll be stylish in your home. Like you don't have to search through to find a couple things that are kind of cool or kind of mid-century or kind of your style. Everything is perfectly curated and so beautiful that you, like. Even If, you suck at designing If. you stick to article. You'll still have a beautiful house at the end. You know that's So true. An article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye.


As the weather turns colder, we reach for our coziest sweaters. But don't forget about socks. They're sweaters for your feet. That's Right. Keep your tootsies warm with bombas socks all winter long. Bombas makes the most comfortable socks in the history of feet. If you're looking for the perfect holiday gift, Bombas has you covered, they make an awesome present for your work friend, cousin, or that super picky sister because seriously, who could say no to cozy, comfy socks? And you might want a few pairs for yourself because Bombas uses the coziest fabrics like Rich Marino wool. Their socks are so cushy, it feels like you're walking on pillows. Plus you can enjoy that same softness with Bombas slippers. They've got this marshmallow like memory foam that's wrapped in Soft Sherpa. And for every item you buy, Bombas will donate an item to someone who really needs it During cold months, something like a new pair of socks can make a big impact. And thanks to Bombas loyalists all over the world, they've donated over 140 million essential clothing items. I love the fact that we do ads for Bombas because I can't be barefoot. It's like one of my things in life. I will not let my naked feet touch the ground. And so Bombas actually makes these beautiful slippers and socks that makes that easy for me. But also it looks and feels good. Yeah. So ready to feel good and do good. Head to bombass.com/mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/mfm And use code MFM at checkout. Goodbye.


You know what I was gonna tell you? Hmm? I forgot at the top. 'cause we're, we were busy at the top. The whole story around the quote of us in the movie Venom, we got it wrong. Oh no. So it wasn't stand of the forest, which is kind of funny 'cause it's like I, I don't know if that was like gossip or just weird misinformation, but Aaron sent me, Aaron Brown marketing director sent me the clip and they're like sitting around at a campfire and a guy walks up and sits down with him and starts talking and Tom Hardy just starts talking to him. And then this like, it seems like they're like a family. I'm not sure what the, haven't seen it yet.


And then this very suky kind of teenage girl comes out and says, he's like one of the killers from my Favorite murder podcast. So the way she Says it, Even as like, she might not even been saying it either. She's never heard of Us my favorite murder or She's just saying that so They don't have to pay to use our title Because we make so much money off those quotes Because we need it more than they need us. But I watched that quote. I'm like, so did we just repeat a completely made up story? I think we got really excited about a made up story. Look, but it's close. I mean at least we're in there. Yeah. Well I'm gonna take it. I don't care. I'm taking it. Hell yes. It's a win. It's ours. It's a Win. My favorite murder was fucking said in a That's right.


And those three words in a row. That's right. And the word podcast, like that's us. Somebody knows what that means. I mean That's All it matters or Didn't, which is why they didn't rewrite it. But, And and that somebody is Tom Hardy, our number one fan. We Gotta be Tom Hardy. Okay. Okay. So definitely this is a left turn. Okay. And it's a weird left turn. And I kind of love it because it's a very parallel it to true crime type of story. So it's light, but it's also more historical informational than anything else. Love Those things. Also, Marin is, my researcher, does an amazing job for me every week. But she was on pregnancy leave for, to me forever.


Her kids like what, five now? Yeah, exactly. She just left. And the research was taken over by our friend Jay Elias, who used to be my researcher, works in the development department. Now what would This company be without fucking Jay Elias? I, For real? She was like, what? Our like third employee. Yes. It was like, you, me, Steven, Jay and Danielle. Yeah. At the first staff meeting. Thank God he stuck with us. I mean, for real. So this story is about my favorite place. Dark, grimy, merciless, Victorian England. Oh, you love it. In the year 1854. So it takes place 15 years after the boy Edward Jones breaks into Buckingham Palace, which listen to episode 3 82 under Underpants If.


you wanna hear that creepy, oily little story? That's a good one. Spring Hill Jack is still being spotted around the country, but we're still a few decades away from Jack the ripper's white chapel murders. Spring Hill Jack is covered in episode 3 93. It's not a meeting. I did Jack the Ripper at that live show in London, but I don't know if we ever posted it. I Don't either. We must have used it at Some point. I think we did. Yeah. We used all the usable ones when we needed a fucking week off. Yeah. Okay. So anyway, yeah. It's 1854. Okay. It's a bad time for London. Yeah. Dirty, polluted, prime ridden, severely overcrowded. And that's the nice part of town. Mm.


Conditions in the city. Slums are horrifying. They're getting more dire by the day. London Soho neighborhood is filled with jam packed tenement houses. So If, you don't know about tenement houses. And most major cities around the world have them and have had them. There's a, an amazing quote from 1849, quoting residents who lived in tenement houses in the London Times. And they say quote, they live in muck and filth. We ain't got no privy, no dust bins, no drains, no water supplies, and no drain or sewer in the whole place. Ew. Yeah. You Just, yeah.


It's a firsthand account. Also a visitor to the area in 1852 describes what they see and they say quote in a back alley opening onto Church Street was a den, which looked more like a cow house than a room for human beings. Little if any light came through and yet 17 human beings ate, drank, and slept there, the floor was damp and below the level of the court, the gutters overflowed when it rained. The rain gushed in at the apertures. Like think of the worst porta potty. General admission at a music festival. And like you live in that though, right? That's your fucking home. Yeah.


With a little hay. It's some hay. It's really rough. Yeah. I mean it's the whole reason Charles Dickens started writing stories he wrote. 'cause he would go and see that and be like, this has to change. And people were finally like, finally You're fucking telling it. Yeah. Like It is. So it's no surprise that new cases of cholera begin to emerge here in August of 1854. So London is no stranger to this disease. Previous waves of it have claimed thousands of lives and stoked fears and riots among the citizens if a viable treatment plan isn't in place soon, this new bout of cholera is poised to claim thousands more. But Victorian doctors have no idea how to stop it from spreading until one young physician's keen observations and willingness to think outside of the box, turn that around, and to this day change the way we approach pandemics and public health altogether.


This is the story and it has nothing to do with Game of Thrones of John Snow and the Broad Street pump. Okay. Right. Yeah. The main sources used for this story today are an article from the National Library of Medicine entitled John Snow Cholera, the Broad Street Pump Waterborne Diseases then and now it's a picture book by Theodore h Toski, a video produced by Harvard University called John Snow and the 1854 Broad Street cholera outbreak and the John Snow Archive and Research Companion, which is a website that has compiled various documents written by John Snow himself. And the rest of the sources are in our show notes.


So bend the knee and let me tell you about John Snow. Sorry. It is really hard because I say John Snow so many times in the story, but it just is how it is. Yeah. Don't go there in your brain. Try not to stay there. So he's born on March 15th, 18th 13 in York, England. He's the oldest of nine kids. And in his youth, he witnesses the harmful effects of pollution firsthand when his hometown river becomes contaminated with sewage, Andre's havoc on his neighbor's health and homes. This drives his interest in medicine and in 1827, when he's 14 years old, he becomes a medical apprentice.


When he is 23, he starts medical school at the University of London. So kind of this horrible situation where he grows up, drives his career. In 1837, he starts training to be a physician at the Westminster Hospital. He's so dedicated to his work that he swears off alcohol, gambling, meat, and marriage. Me too. I mean, Just kidding. I all of those things. What Are you doing? Yeah. With your Life. Something good. Well, oh yeah, that's right. Shit. So he becomes a member of the Royal College of Surgeons of England on May 2nd, 1838, before finally graduating in December of 1844.


So John Snow hears about how American surgeons use Ether as an anesthetic during surgery. So in 1846, he tries his hand at applying it during his own surgeries. And it's a great success. And he becomes the leading expert on ether's use in the UK and is appointed an anesthesiologist position at St. George's Hospital. So I don't think there was a ton of anesthesiologists before that, because Yeah, I don't Think there was a lot of anesthesia. Right. There was. Right. They'd kind of crack you in the head and be Like, yeah, bite down on this, Drink this whiskey. We'll see you later. So John Snow starts incorporating the use of chloroform as an anesthetic as well.


Even using that on Queen Victoria during her deliveries of her youngest two children, prince Leopold and Prince's Beatrice. Damn. Knock her out, I Guess. Yeah. So he was good enough at his job to actually deal with the queen. Totally. And then in 1848, London's hit with its second big cholera outbreak. Cholera is a deadly disease. It causes excessive vomiting and diarrhea. By the way, if those topics like repel you or a problem for you, this story is gonna be a problem for you. 'cause that's pretty much all, it's so excessive vomiting and diarrhea. It results in severe dehydration. So people who get it can lose between three to five gallons of fluids a day.


Holy shit. For several days in a row. So at that time, that meant it was fatal in about half of all the cases. There Was no, there was no Pedialyte. There was no Pedialyte. You couldn't go to a spa and get a, what's it called? An infusion? An infusion. An iv. Yeah. You couldn't get some B12 and just kind of bounce back. No. So in 1848, the cholera outbreak results in over 14,000 deaths in London alone across all of England and Wales, an estimated 53,000 people die from it in just one year. That's more than twice the death toll from the 1832 cholera outbreak that claimed between four and 7,000 lives.


Mm. So even though it's not his specialty, the 1848 outbreak drives John Snow to read up. On the current theory surrounding Cholera's transmission. He's skeptical of the prevailing theory of the time. A thing called the miasma theory. Skeptical. Did I? Is that what I said? Shit, he's skeptical. The miasma theory states that decaying organic matter, including human waste, releases harmful particles into the air. And those particles are what infect humans. Okay. So it's not hard to understand why they came up with that theory. Yeah. At the time, although London does have a sewage system, it doesn't go all the way across town.


And so of course, soho, which is the bad part of town, the slum doesn't have a sewage system yet. Right. So to get rid of household waste, people would dump excrement right. Onto the city streets. Just Like The bucket out the window kind of thing. Right? Exactly. Yep. It's like, can You imagine the smell back then? The smell? Everyone's always like, go, I wanna go back in time and like, you know, be a fucking Newsy. Do not do an impression of me like that. Everyone in Karen is a newsy. No, it smelled so awful. I bet. I feel like there's something, And I can't remember what it is. It's like a comedy that takes place in Victorian England where someone just throws like shit out the window.


It's gotta be a Monty Python sketch. God, I feel like I've seen it. Yeah. Or it's just like shit. Like this is just how it was. Jesus. They also threw it directly into the Thames River. They also had things called cesspools, which were underground tanks that had to be manually emptied by who? Oh, thank you. The cesspool man who was good friends with the muffin man. Cesspool man. So a scholar named Alyssa Goodman points out in a video produced by Harvard University. She says, quote, the people who lived in tenement buildings, some of them had cesspools in their front court courtyards. Ah. So like you're saying, like living in a porta-potty.


That's kind of how it was. They would, sorry, I added that into the middle of the quote. We're back into the quote. They would take their human waste and other waste and kind of throw it out the window into the cesspool, or bring it down to the cesspool, and then it would drain wherever it drained. Don't you think that maybe people were a little less uptight back then too? Because like Yeah, like If, you see a squatty potty in someone's bathroom, you're like, oh yeah. You know what I mean? Like I don't wanna see that. Yes. But these people were like carting their fucking waist around. And it wasn't long after people just had a chamber pot Right. Under the bed. Get up. I think They were a lot less squeamish about it back then, maybe.


Yeah. It's like, yeah, people go to the bathroom. That's just part of Life and you have to stare at it all day and smell it constantly. Oh, I like it better now. I do Too, because also the deodorant issue. Oh, So, okay. All of that is to say that people, especially in the medical community, are realizing a lack of sanitation in Victor and London is a serious health issue. And that's what leads to this miasma theory. Actually, it's a belief in a concept of quote, foul air causing illnesses like cholera. Okay. And it was foul. Yeah. So John Snow decides he's gonna investigate further, and he starts to lean more toward a very controversial germ theory, which argues that diseases are spread not by foul air, but by invisible microorganisms, often through contaminated water or contact.


So at this time, the germ theory was like super nutso crazy, Where he's Like, they're tiny and they're, they're sticking to everything. No, probably not. Hang, hang him. I don't know. What did they do that? Yeah, exactly. I think probably, yeah. Since as a child, snow observed how contaminated water could make people very sick. Mm. He works out a theory that a cholera germ has made its way into the Thames contaminating the water supply from much of South London, particularly soho. Okay. So most doctors disagree with snow. They can consider his ideas to be On the fringe regardless. In 1850, his interest in the subject leads him to become a founding member of the London Epidemiological Society.


Hey, good job. A group of doctors dedicated to the study of widespread diseases and their patterns. So get in there, anesthesiologist. Yes. I love it. Even his hobbies. He's great at, so when yet another cholera outbreak wreaks havoc on soho in August of 1854. So it just happening all the time. Yeah. Snow gets a chance to test this theory. So he has no idea at the time. But the first identifiable case for this outbreak is tragically a five month old baby girl who also lives in Soho named Francis Lewis. In late August, Francis gets very sick. Four days later she dies.


The causes listed as exhaustion after an attack of diarrhea, but then other members of the Lewis family start to get sick, followed by more people who live nearby. And then rumors start to circulate that another collar outbreak is coming and rumors circulate around the pump that's in the area that people literally go get their water out of. Wow. And then stand around and talk. And literally it's Like The modern day water cooler back then. Yeah. It was the pump. And here for this area, it was the Broad Street pump. Fuck. Okay. So they were right because shortly after Francis Lewis passes away death sweeps through Soho in a span of just three days, 127 people die.


Wow. On Broad Street alone. So locals are terrified. Of course, the fear of cholera runs so deep residents just start leaving soho in droves. But John Snow's work is just beginning. He hits the pavement, he starts tallying the deaths all around Soho. And before long he has created a map marking where the deceased cholera victims lived. Snow realizes that these deaths are all clustered in a fairly condensed part of soho, which kind of gives weight to the miasma theory. So he ends up writing quote, within 250 yards of the spot where Cambridge Street joins Broad Street. There were upwards of 500 fatal attacks of cholera in 10 days.


Holy shit. But very importantly, snow finds several exceptions. Some of the cholera victims didn't live anywhere near Broad Street, while some residents and workers in the area are entirely unaffected. So, for one example, John Snow makes a note of a Broad Street brewery where none of its 70 workers contract cholera. During this outbreak. He points out that under the miasma theory, this wouldn't make sense because these workers would be existing in the foul air. Right. For their entire workday. Right. Then when interviewing families of the cholera victims, snow uncovers a crucial link prior to their deaths.


The victims had all visited the Broad Street water pump. So at that time, most Londoners rely on public water pumps. Since indoor plumbing is rare, Soho's Broad Street Pump is located just outside the Lewis family home where Francis Lewis died, and it's the main water source for the whole neighborhood. John Snow writes, quote, I found that nearly all the deaths had taken place within a short distance of the pump. There were only 10 deaths in houses situated decidedly nearer to another street pump. In five of these cases, the families of the deceased persons informed me that they always sent to the pump in Broad Street as they preferred the water to that of the pumps which were nearer.


Hmm. In three other cases, the deceased were children who went to school near the pump in Broad Street. So John Snow now theorizes that the pump itself, not the air around it, is the true source of this latest cholera outbreak. And he figures that the pump's water was likely contaminated by germs from any number of sources. It could be sewers, drains compromised cesspools. So this explains the situation with the brewery workers because it turns out the brewery has its own in-house water pump. Oh. That they used to brew the beer. Right. So on top of that, workers get free beer while they're On the clock.


That's right. They're always saying beer was better for you than water Back then. Yeah. People drank beer much more often. Right. It was like safer. So between the in-house water and the free beer, none of the workers ever drink from the Broad Street pump while they're On the job. Hmm. Now Snow is careful to point out that while the Broad Street pump is most likely the main source of this particular outbreak, he believes cholera can spread by other means of contact. Anytime someone comes into contact with the excrement of an infected patient, whether they know it or not, the germ can be transferred to a new person. Groundbreaking theory. Yeah. Back then. Yeah. So Snow presents as findings to the Board of Guardians of St. James Parish, which is a local elected board of officials to address neighborhood issues on September 7th, 1854.


But there's still some skepticism, although they do agree to remove the pump handle from the Broad Street pump the very next day on September 8th. So within days, the cholera outbreak near Broad Street and Soho completely ends. Hmm. So it would seem like this would be enough proof for the medical establishment to bite into the germ theory, but many still have their doubts. Even Snow himself admits that the cholera slowed down, may have begun before he even started his research. As he writes in his report, it's quote, impossible to tell whether the decline of immortality rate is a direct consequence of the Broad Street pump being shut off, or if it's due to quote the flight of the population, which commenced soon after the outbreak.


So to prove his point, snow conducts what he calls his grand experiment. Two major water companies in the city of London, the South Work Voxel Company, and the Lamb Beth Waterworks company both draw their water from the Thames, but they get it in different locations. So South Work, Vox Hall gets their water in a southern section of the river Lamb, Beth Waterworks gets their water further up the river, and that makes it less susceptible to contamination from the Seth Pools and the sewers of the city that are getting drained into the river. Got it. So using data collected by Parliament over a seven week period in 1854, snow compares the rate of fatal cholera cases in homes that use water from South Work Vox all to the ones from Lambeth.


And he then compares it to the fatal cholera rates for the remainder of the city of London to establish a control group. And he finds that while the rest of London recorded 59 fatalities per 10,000 households from cholera, the homes using the water from Lambeth recorded just 37. And the homes using water from South Work voxel recorded 315. Jesus. There's still skeptics who criticize John Snow's data, but his argument for water contamination is strong enough to enact some actual change. More extensive sewer systems are built around the Thames involving large underground pipes that separate sewage and water supplies.


Imagine that. Come On. Separate the fucking, ugh. Get it going. So this system lasts until the 19th century when it's replaced by more modern updated systems. Also, in 1897, England starts using chlorine to purify the water supply. Don't just take it outta the river. Yeah, yeah. Right. It's Still fucking could be in there. Anything could be in there. It's really gross. The changes in London's approach to sanitation and public health because of John Snow's work, lead to a dramatic drop in mortality rates. Even still, because some government officials do not want to publicly admit that John Snow was right. That's how they are. They replaced the handle to the Broad Street pump after the epidemic dissipates.


You know, you've gotta think of it more sinister too, because they maybe wanted that population to die off a little bit. You know what I mean? Yeah. Or once seeing that they were, were like, we don't have to rush. Right. To help them. You don't need to worry about that. Let's, yeah. Yeah. And John Snow, he probably a wasn't thinking about, you know, class and class warfare and also probably had to fight a lot of higher ups to even bother putting money into saving, you know, poor people's lives. Yes, That's right. So, and if he, I mean he, it sounds like he was a, from a family of nine kids, right. There's a good chance he wasn't rich. Right. Growing up. So he saw, basically he became a doctor so he could start advocating for people.


He's kind of Punk rock And I love That. He's pretty badass. And that's why they named the Game of Thrones character after him. I think so now it's understood that the Broad Street pump's water was in fact contaminated by a nearby cesspool. And the water was used to clean baby Francis' diapers. And the soiled bedding from her sick family members was being dumped into their se cesspool that was adjacent to the Broad Street pump. And because the cesspool had decaying bricks, infected waste was able to seep into the pump's water supply, which then affected many of the people who drank from it. Yeah. John Snow continues his work as a premier anesthesiologist for the rest of his life.


He even writes a book on a subject entitled On Chloroform and Other Anesthetics, which is published in 1858. Unfortunately, John Snow never lives to see his book's publication. He dies from a fatal stroke at just 45 years old. Wow. On June 16th, 1858. Today, John Snow is considered the father of modern epidemiology and is best remembered for his pioneering studies around the 1854 cholera outbreak. A replica of the original Broad Street pump stands at the original site today, although now that street is Wick Street and that commemorates John Snow's groundbreaking work in more developed countries where access to clean water is prioritized, cholera is nearly non-existent.


But in parts of Africa, India and the Middle East, cholera outbreaks still happen to this day. And it reinforces the fact that clean water is an essential human right. That must be prioritized. That's the story of John Snow and the Broad Street pump. Wow. I wanna take a very clean shower. Yeah. After hearing about that one, I wanna go to Victoria London. Hey, Don't mind if I do, isn't it? Isn't it In't It? I want to like very much like this, where, you know, in the upcoming year or two, I'm going to bore you with Victorian England stories 'cause I'm fascinated by it.


But there was other things they had called ash piles where they would just pile all their ashes in these big piles and then people would go through the ash piles to see if they could find something that people didn't realize. They burned. Yeah. And left in the ash piles. That's how fucking poor people were. Yeah. In Victorian England. Yeah. That's fucking insane. I Mean, it's dumpster diving, but in ashes. In ashes, which is like, and also not just Victorian England in lots of places where poor people are just trying to figure out a way to do things. This is, this is all we can do. Stick together, help each other, care about your neighbor, care about the people in front of you.


I think we've always said this, probably now more than ever. And stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an Exactly Right Production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to my Favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow The show on Instagram and Facebook at my Favorite murder, and Twitter at my fave murder.


Goodbye.