
This Is exactly right.


Hey, it's me, the quenches. I'm that late afternoon craving. You just can't shake. Wait, what's that? Welch's grape aid? No. Made with real fruit and no added sugar. Nothing answers the call of the quenches like Grpa. Got the quenches. Grab a grape aid in your juice aisle.


Ah, yes. The Magnificent Trolley, sour Bright crawler, also known as Troller Sprite. Olis. The worm's captivating neon color makes it an easy gummy prey trolley. It's a surprisingly sour, invitingly, chewy, staggeringly, snackable species, unlike anything else found on this planet. Eat me delicious. Visit trolley.com to shop now. Trolley Eat Me


Hello And Welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia HeartStart. That is Karen Kilgar. And we're being flirty and feisty. Fun. It's the AM podcast where, hey, we wake up with you Gotta go to work. So do we right now. Let's do this thing. What's going on? How are you? I'm good, thank you. I had one of those bed routing weekends where I just really laid around like that was my job. Nothing's Better than that. It's Fair. I felt very lucky to have two days to just post up. It's not the best. Yeah. Because Otherwise, like if you have one thing to do that weekend, that's all you think about is like leading up to that one thing.


Yes. I don't to And then so you start rationalizing why you're not doing it. Oh yeah. Why? You're not gonna do it. Oh my God. It's like you just need to go down and ship something. Yeah. At like the post office. Just do it. It's not a big deal. It's Not you. You've been like thinking about it for so much longer than it would've taken you to actually do it. Can I tell you that? That's this. That's me with nails now, because I've never cared about, I mean, it's not like I didn't care about nails. Yeah. But my sister has like a hand model nails. Oh, very deep nail beds. Always perfect. Long, whatever. Shh. Whatever. I have my dad's hands, so it truly looks sad. And like I'm trying to do something with what I got. Right. Which is what I'm doing.


Right. So most of the time I just kind of don't pay attention. Yeah. But then recently I'm like, yeah, I don't wanna be on camera and go like this and just have like a broken nail with the little dirt under it. Totally. My raggedy cuticles. Yeah. I gotta like, yeah, but you cannot get me to get down there. Is it because you have gel on? It's gel. But I just, it's this laziness of I'll do it later. I'll do it later. That's the problem. 'cause you can't take that shit off by yourself. No. So you can't do anything about it. So it just looks worse and worse. It's, it's Jill's fault. It it's true. And it's also when it's growing out. So like the space between Yes. It's bigger. Where it's just like, ma'am, you simply must by city ordinance go in there. I seem Like we're videoing this, which is why we care.


Because I feel like from far away people can't see, like on video now, people are like, oh, her nails are polished. They don't know that. Like, just looks like your nail's getting shorter and, and smaller. Yeah. That's, I Don't think It looks, it's gonna start to look like it's a two-tone polish idea. Right. Like it's just creative. It's so nude. It is truly nude. Well, my last one was red and then I was like, let's go Fall. Let's go like neutral. Something neutral. Guess what are you doing? Don't draw attention to these weird man hands where it looks like it's a little sausage, but it's also a little bit like the hands of a person who's had it. I wonder if you can exercise your fingers.


Is there a finger exercise to like strengthen So Stupid. Yeah, that's, that's get ripped. When you know you've gone right over the edge. Get ripped in your fingers. It is like, I can't get basic shit done, but I sure can do 25 of these. Man, she's shredded and just her fingers, everything else is falling apart. But she's shredded. She's cut exactly where it doesn't matter. Do You know sheep competes in finger competitions, the posing and all this? Please don't go close on my hands. Always see her in Venice Beach. Like pumping iron. But just with her fingers. Just fingers. All right. Was that it? No. Do you have, you have nothing to report. I, I Have thing. I was just out of town for so long in Mexico City was fucking incredible.


What do you have? Give us a top three highlights. Churro. Lucha. Sorry. That you're thinking of the contra Caler County Fair. Oh, a churro in Mexico City. Probably the best one you'd ever had. It's The best one I've ever had. It Dipped it in chocolate. Then Lucha Libre. We went to the fucking arena Mexico and saw Lucha Libre, the wrestling match. It was unbelievable. It was so much fun. Incredible. The original. Yeah. And then just all the food that we ate was like, that's separate from the churro, but everything was like beautiful. It was so Oh good. Was so beautiful there. It's the place to be these days. Yeah. Cool. I'm glad you got to get away. Me too. Oh, we were talking about WR of Fire.


Oh, I mean, there's some great, I feel like we're back to the OG days of HBO documentaries. There's some amazing stuff out there, so we won't make Sure, don't any spoilers. Don't. No. I think it's the final episode of Breath Fire. It's, so these three, yes. We're one episode behind. So we just will say, it's very interesting to me that these simultaneous, and I actually don't know if the other one is also on, but The Anatomy of Lies about the Grey's Anatomy writer. Oh, I haven't watched that one yet either. Yeah. Oh, So I know maybe when you're done with that one. Okay. You can come back and we'll have a kind of a lit comp conversation. Okay. Because they're similar and nothing alike.


And it is crazy Right. About, about someone pulling the wall over everyone's eyes. Yes. And pretending to be someone they're not kind of a thing. Yeah. I'm kind of like, how much do we lie? How much do I lie? And how much do I feel like I need to lie? But How much do you think you're actually lying when you are lying? Like, are you deceiving yourself? Yes. Yes. Good one. If You believe it, is it a lie? And is that kind of rationalization whether it's automatic or totally conscious? Is that why? And how people get into cults or start cults or lead cults or It's all that kind of stuff of like human beings and their brains are god damn fascinating. The way They'll justify anything and The way that they Do.


Because to think that you're a bad person, no one thinks they're a bad person. Right. Of course Not. Yeah. But people question it. But it's kind of more like, well, if I am, then I'm gonna work on it this way. And then working on it makes you a worse person. Right. But you can't admit it by the time you're done with it. Oh my God. I mean, It goes around and around. Let's pretend We're smart and have a podcast. We've been doing it for almost nine years. Almost nine years. Oh my God. Almost nine. Coming up on, yeah. Not our nine year anniversary. We're In what, sixth, fifth? Sixth grade. Yeah. Emotionally. Yes. What was the question? I don't know how old, what grade would be we in if, if we were Oh yeah.


Oh, if we were nine years old. Our Child. Yeah. Third Grade. I think Third Is That it? Okay. I had to ask Laura, But would we be in the gifted and talented program? Oh, We'd be running that thing. We'd be calling teachers by their first name. The teacher. Like, why don't you, what isn't My favorite murder? Come coming up here and teach this lesson on geography. We'd Be like, Diane, we'd love to, because what's the thing about geography? It's not about the details. No, no, no, no, no. It's about the colors of the map. Geography is not science. Yes. It's, It's, it's a personal love of ours. Exactly. It's not a science. Speaking of personal loves of ours. Oh, we have a podcast network. She's Done it again. Hey. Oh, I have, sorry, what?


One piece of mail. Okay. Oh, This is a real email that we got. Hello. From the team at BBC Studio's UK TV and Oh no. Dear Karen in Georgia, although we suspect this will mostly appeal to Karen, I am a day one listener. I've never missed an episode yet of My favorite murder. I also happen to be the chief communications and marketing officer for BBC studios, which, which also owns Brick Box in UK tv. Holy shit. And then they say, you can only imagine my total delight when I was on my morning run in cold, dark London. True Crime is a perfect companion on a morning run. It keeps your pace up when all of a sudden your conversation turned to UKTV on the latest episode.


Shoulders Back. Oh, that's the latest episode of our show. I was like, I've never heard of shoulders back. I have to, to see shoulders back instantly. I shared the episode with my team Kerry at UK tv and Alana at Brit Box. Nice. This is just a note to say we love and appreciate just how much Karen enjoys the shows we make. And if you're ever in the uk, let us know, and we'd be delighted to see if we can get you on set to see some of your favorite procedurals or period dramas being made. Just give us a shout. Best wishes, Susanna. I mean, that, that is for you. She's kissing it. So excited. I'm so excited. I'm sneezing.


Excuse me. That was so loud, huh? No, the inhale. I thought you were going like, say a big thing Be you'd be like, oh my God. Oh my God. No. Ooh, That's itchy. Okay. Like Broad church, That's really exciting for you. I'm so Emmy. But also for you, Suzanne, we really appreci appreciate you writing in. I'm writing, I'm beside myself with being seen and perceived in the world by the things I'm perceiving. Yeah. I'm happy for You. Thank you. Speaking of that, how come not a single person today has mentioned my shirt? Can we get a good, like, I Thought it not Anyone In the fucking sound booth. Nobody.


Look, I thought it said Pooky. It says, and I didn't even look. It says, that's my dog. Vince made this for me. It's a, it's like a, it's like a three dog moon. What is it? Three Wolf Moon shirt, but with pictures of Cookie. This is the second version he's made me and it says Cookie. That's my dog. That's so funny. You can get it made somewhere on the internet. He, and he's made me one of Mimi too, right? Next week. Nice. But I just feel like I wore this to bed and I wore it to this recording so that it would be on camera because Genius. So I just really wanted to acknowledge it. I'm So sorry that I didn't, I was like, I don't know, Pooky and I don't have to get involved with Pooky. That was my thinking. It's coming at Meme and I refuse to ask about it. But also that's, that's how much I saw Pookie.


I saw Cookie at the beginning bef right before Covid. Oh, right, right. And then I, I've only seen Cookie since on social media. So like, I didn't immediately recognize her the way I wish I'd, Well, she's like green and purple in these, so it's a little weird, but Right. And I thought her name was Pooky and it was a different dog. You know, I love my Pooky merch. Gotta get it out there. Okay. Now that we've settled all the important business, It's time for those ERM highlights. That's Right. We have a podcast network. It's called Exactly. Right Media. Here are some highlights. This week on the Bananas podcast, comedian Chloe Radcliffe joins the Banana Boys to discuss weird news from around the world.


And this week, Kara and Lisa from, that's messed up. An SVU Podcast cover SVU episode Gilt from 2002. And they also have a really fun new holiday ornament in the merch store. If you wanna check that out. It's at exactly right. store.com. There's tons of great merch from all our podcasts On Wicked Words. Kate Winkler Dawson talks to author Ellen J Green about her book Murder in the Neighborhood. The True story of America's first recorded mass shooting about a 1949 shooting in New Jersey. Wow. And also, we have an important merch corner update. So back in 2023, on episode three 70, I covered the story of Pearl Hart, AKA, the Bandit queen. And we are making a shirt featuring her iconic quote that I'll read to you in a second.


And all the money from that sale we donated to Planned Parenthood. And that was to the tune of $30,000 because of you guys. Yeah. And you guys bought those shirts and you donated and it was great. So with all the things that are happening in the world Yeah. These days, and a bunch of people actually suggested this on social media. Right. We decided we are going to bring back the Pearl Heart T-shirt. So head to exactly right. Store and place your order. By November 26th, proceeds will be donated to the A CLU and their effort to combat all of the threats to our civil rights that are now standing somewhere in a murky future. Yeah. That we are not sure about.


So let's, let's just see how much we can raise for that. And for reference, the Pearl Heart quote is from 1899. And it's quote, I shall never submit to be tried under the law that neither I nor my sex had a voice in making. End quote. Now that women are second class citizens in America, and we have an incoming president who is very interested in not just keeping it that way, but expounding upon that, we all need to get ourselves together. We need to collect our thoughts and our plans, and we need to resist and never submit. Yes. Let's, yes.


If you love to cook, the holidays are the perfect time to create a meal that brings everyone together. But let's be honest, that's a lot of hard work. But Hex cla cookware is here to make it easier. Whether you're a seasoned chef or just exploring your cooking skills. Hex cla gives you the confidence to get creative in the kitchen. With most cookware, you have to choose between stainless steel's performance cast iron's, durability, or the ease of non-stick. But Hex Cloud's hybrid technology combines all three benefits in one pan. Hex cla is metal utensil safe, dishwasher safe, and oven safe up to 500 degrees. Plus the Stay Cool Handle makes sauteing a breeze. Hex Cloud's six piece set is the ideal starter bundle with six of their most popular pots and pans, plus a lid to cover all your holiday cooking needs. Say goodbye to sticking, burning, and uneven cooking, and say hello to perfect results every time. We just got sent a couple of these hex cla pans. And I have to tell you, as a terrible cook, who has no idea what she's doing, and overcooks, if not burns, every single thing that she puts her hands on, these hex cloud pans make you feel like a Michelin star chef. I mean, I was just making scrambled eggs. But it's really exciting when you're making 'em that well in a pan that you know is cooking them perfectly and is gonna rinse out in one second. And you don't have to worry about using that old spatula on it if you don't want to. Whether you're treating yourself or looking for that perfect gift, now's the time to snag the cookware that everyone's talking about. For limited time only, our listeners get 10% off their order with our exclusive link. Just head to hex cla.com/murder, support our show, and check them out at H-E-X-C-A d.com/murder. Bon appetit. Let's eat with Hex Cloud's revolutionary cookware, happy cooking and happy holiday. Goodbye two.


Today's episode is sponsored in part by Acorns. Holiday shopping can add up fast, but with Acorns, every bit you spend can also give you a chance to invest in your future. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for you, your kids, and your retirement. You don't need a lot of money or expertise to invest with acorns. In fact, you can get started with just your spare change with their roundups feature. Every purchase you make is an opportunity to invest. So those holiday decorations you bought for $24 and 65 cents, it's rounded up and becomes a 35 cents investment in your future. Acorns recommends an expert built portfolio that fits you and your money goals. Then automatically invest your money for you. And now Acorns is investing in your future too. Open an Acorns later IRA and get up to a 3% match on new contributions. That's extra money for your retirement. Plus, you can see your potential with the Acorns compound interest calculator. It'll show you how the power of time and compound interest can help your money grow. Give your money the chance to work as hard as you do. Head to acorns.com/murder or download the Acorns app to start saving and investing for your future. Today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LC and SEC, registered Investment Advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash murder. Goodbye.


Okay, I'm first. You're first. And I got a, I got a mystery, a weird mystery I hadn't heard of until the story was submitted to me by our team. And it's so odd. I can't believe I hadn't heard of it. You might've heard of it from an Unsolved Mysteries episode because it is like God, the, like everything an unsolved mystery episode needs. So it takes place in New England and it's kicked off by this awful tragedy and then ends in the disappearance of Adam Emery. You know it. I think I, well, is it the newest Unsolved mysteries or the Old, I don't know. I think it's the old, Because I looked at, man, those new ones.


I feel like I've watched every episode three times. But So the main sources for the story are an article in the Washington Post and an episode of Unsolved Mysteries. And the rest of the sources are in the show notes. All right. So here we are, August 31st, 1990. We're in Warwick, Rhode Island. And it's a seaside town. It's got a cute little amusement park called Rocky Point. And right by the amusement park there's a little seafood shack. And that's where young married couple, Adam and Elena and Emery have gotten some dinner with another married couple, a friend of theirs that evening. 'cause they're celebrating Adam and a Elena's second wedding anniversary. Hmm. Adam is 27 and Elena is 29.


Your face is already a little scared. It's So sad. Any of these stories that we tell are truly tragic because anytime you kind of drill down, it's like you wanna say, oh, it's their second anniversary. They just started a life together. This is the saddest version of this story. And it's like, yes, except for then the next story you get where it's like, right, they, they've been together for 75 years. Totally. Now that's the saddest version. It's like, well It is, but for not the reason you think it is. Okay. So it's gonna end in tragedy no matter what the couples are eating in their car. Adam and Alina are up front and the other two are in the backseat and they're just eating and drinking beer.


And it's a typical summer evening in New England. I Hope to God that the keys are outta the ignition because that's the difference between A DOI and not a DOI. And you know, I feel like the beer part is an important note in this guys fucking don't drink and drive. Please Never drink and drive. Yeah. But, but if you're chilling and the driver is totally sober. Right. But everybody else has a beer. You do. It doesn't matter. Get that beer outta that car before you put the keys in the ignition. Yeah. I don't know why I know that. It could be, I used to drink a lot. Yeah. Drinking a lot. But then also that thing of like, don't just sit there like get all your shit ready just in case. Right. Something happens. Yeah. Okay. Well, so they're sitting there eating and suddenly everyone in the car jerks forward when another car hits them accidentally in the back driver's side bumper.


They get bonked into no one's hurt. Although the car is definitely dented. Adam's car is a 1985 Ford Thunderbird, and he's known for keeping it in impeccable condition. Like he really loves his car. So then it gets fucking smashed into, yeah. No one gets a great look at the car. That's just hit them from behind because it's gunning it out of the parking lot already and turning the corner on the building and it's just out of sight immediately. So it's a hit and run. The whole group tells Adam like, fucking follow the car. Like let's get its lights and plate. I'm sure they were all amped up, you know? Yeah. The whole group is yelling at you to do something. It's like you get amped. Adam pulls out and turns outta the parking lot in the direction where that other car had gone.


And as they round the corner around the same building, they find the, the car they pull up behind a brown, 1975 Ford LTD Elena in the front insists that that's the car that hit them and they begin to follow it. Oh no. So the people in the LTD start driving faster because they realize they're being followed. And so Adam does too. And they're kind of in this chase for like two miles. Finally, the LTD, the car in the front pulls over or Adam cuts them off from the front. We don't know. Accounts differ, but either way they stop. So then Adam starts to get out of his car. But before he does, Elena tells him to bring the hunting knife. He keeps in the car just in case.


'cause he is like, in his mind, he is like, I just got rear-ended. They took off. I'm gonna go confront them. She's like, who knows who this could be bringing the knife? Which just isn't Smart. It don't, don't get involved. Write down the license plate and leave. I mean it's so, we are so LA people Yes. Where it's like, oh, if somebody hits you from behind and they leave. Yeah. Like, God bless and goodbye. Have good insurance, Have good insurance, and like the risk of like rage, road Rage issues. Oh it, I've had it happen to me. It's Crazy Issues. When Vince first moved here from, you know, Michigan and we were in the car together and he flipped someone off and I was like, do not ever fucking do that again in LA for real.


Like that. This is shooting on the freeway, the road rage, which I'm really, I always read those news stories. I'm terrified of it. Yes. And something similar happened to me. It's like, don't get involved. Don't get involved. It's very bad traffic out there. Yeah. People are already pissed and then Everyone's angry, Everyone's pissed all day long. Yeah. And then you make a mistake and it's like, first of all, let people merge and if somebody makes mistake, Look back, look to Yourself and remember all the mistakes you've ever made and move It along. Yep. Yep. This was, He doesn't do it. A panicked, a panicked moment of this is how you need to behave in a car. Yeah. As if anyone needs to know any of this shit. Yeah.


Don't do drugs. Sometimes do drugs. Okay. Adam approaches the driver's side window of the other car and the driver quickly throws the car into reverse and tries to speed away Because he has a knife. Right? Yeah. But Adam is hanging onto the door and it sounds like Adam winds up lying on the hood of the car with his arm and maybe his head through the driver's side window. Like he's, 'cause I think the window's open. And so he's like holding on as the car backs up and So, he like kind of maybe gets thrown onto the hood with his head and body in the window. Does that make Sense? I mean, a little bit, but this is, we, I mean, we've already said it, sir. Step away. Yeah. So somehow while all this is happening, all this commotion, Adam gets the hunting knife out and stabs the driver in the heart.


All this happens in a residential area. The car comes to a stop, like on the lawn of someone's house. People quickly come out of their houses to help because they heard the commotion. But the driver who has been stabbed is in bad shape and is becoming unresponsive. I mean, that's okay. It's horrifying. An off-duty police officer is among the neighbors in the area. So police arrive quickly on the scene when they get there. The driver is still alive, but bleeding badly. And Adam is drinking a glass of water. I think he's like sitting on a porch, you know, drinking a glass of water that someone must have brought him. And he tells the officers quote, I did it. End quote, the driver is a young man named Jason Bass.


He is 20 years old. He had spent the summer working at a food booth at that little amusement park. And he dreams of opening his own restaurant someday. He spent the summer dating a girl who also works at the amusement park. And he always lets her little brother tag along with them on their dates. In fact, it's this kid, the younger brother, a 15-year-old named John Gorman, who's a passenger in the car that night when Jason gets stabbed. Horrible. My God. This poor old 15. 15-year-old kid who's like, what the fuck? John is physically unharmed. Jason is brought to the hospital, but he dies before he even gets there. So Adam is arrested.


He claims he was acting in self-defense, but the minute you get outta that car or you chase the other car, that's not self-defense anymore. Right, right. You're chasing a car and then you're Yeah. I mean none of it feels like severe, just what we talked about. Yeah. Severe rationalization. But John Gorman, the passenger from Jason's car says that Adam had been screaming that he was going to kill Jason from the moment he got out of his own car. So when he got out with that knife, he was already screaming, I'm gonna kill You. I mean, that's what it all seems to be where it's like, I don't know if I believe that his girlfriend said, you should take this for protection. Right. That doesn't make sense. Right. Like chasing a car and the car understanding that you are following it.


Yeah. Doesn't make sense. Yeah. Where it's like, I bet I would guess just separate from all of this, that he cut them off and made them pull over. Yeah. Right. Well here's the worst part about this. Oh, I mean, there's so many worst parts. It's pretty certain that Jason Bass wasn't the person who, who rear-ended them at all. That they had the wrong car, wrong car to begin with. Not that it would ever have been Okay. If he had rear ended him. Yes. But it was, they're suddenly being chased by someone. They have no idea why they stop. This guy gets out and of course he, you know, the guy comes at him with a knife saying, when gonna kill him? Of course he like puts the car in reverse and tries to drive away. He's like trying to leave the scene.


Yeah. Because he's afraid for his life. That's not self-defense to get Then get stabbed. I mean, it's like the most overt that is self-defense. It's like, get me out of here. His is self-defense. Not his, not the claim of self-defense. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, the paint samples don't match. It's Oh, not the car. Horrifying. Yeah. I don't think the car is ever identified. So this whole tragedy takes place in a pretty small community. It gets very ugly for the families on both sides. When Jason's mother goes to the store to buy a suit for Jason to be buried in, she explains the situation to the shopkeeper. And it turns out that a Elena's sister is in the store at the same time buying school uniforms for her children.


And she starts screaming that Jason's mother isn't telling the truth and that Adam killed Jason in self-defense. Like they're all Oh, They're attacking the victim and the victim's family in this. Yes. It's pretty ugly. Yes. Right. And obviously in a way where, well not obviously, 'cause this is just a theory, but it's like if you're on the defense like that, you go back and tell your family not, oh my God, I can't believe we made this horrible mistake. Yeah. Or I can't believe whatever. It's, it's the his fault. Totally. It's his fault. It's his Fault. There's no critical thinking in this. And that's a big problem. You can, you can support someone and without having to defend them blindly.


You know what I mean? Yes. Because They're be there for you, but you did this thing and it's not Okay. And now someone's son is dead. Right. That's why the mom is in the store right now. Right. Like Ho horrifying. It takes three years for the case to move through the courts. Adam is offered a plea deal with a charge of involuntary manslaughter and a sentence of about five years in prison. But he is so hell bent on saying that it was self-defense that he refuses this very lenient deal. Hmm. He actively killed someone. Yes. Stabbed someone wasn't accidental. And he says no to this deal. And he's adamant that it was in self-defense. He says that he had lean into Jason's car and tried to turn the ignition off.


And that while Jason was zigzagging and reversing for a distance of about a thousand feet, Adam couldn't get free of the car and stab Jason to try to get him to stop instead of letting go of The car. Right. So in November of 1993, Adam, who's now 30, is found guilty of second degree murder. It'll carry a sentence of 10 years to life. And when the verdict is announced, Elena, who's now 32, is she's sitting right behind Adam in the courtroom. She closes her eyes and whispers quote, it's my fault I'm going to kill someone. There is hell to be paid. End quote. But this sentence structure seems a little weird. It's, this will be important in a minute, but Elena is, was actually born in Italy and so she has a bit of an accent.


Okay. She and her family moved to the states when she was a little girl. But Italian is her first language. And then she leans in and whispers something directly to Adam that no one can hear. But in the aftermath, lip readers are hired to watch the tape and decipher the words. How much you fucking love lip reading videos. That's one of my favorite things on TikTok. There's a me too. They do it a lot with like professional sports. Yeah. Or like if Taylor Swift is in the crowd, bitch on the red card Somewhere. Yeah. It's hilarious. It makes me never talk to Vince in public anymore because I'm like, what if there people, not that I'm saying anything important, but like, what if someone is out there and they can read lips and I'm just talking shit on someone. Right. Well, I mean it's a good these days. Yeah. When everything is recorded anyway. Yeah.


Zip it until you're in the vault at at all times. That's right. That's right. Got To. Or at least cover your mouth. Like the sports Guy. She says, talking into a microphone for year nine To be kept in the vault forever If only. No, this will on the Smithsonian probably. Right. They have a vault. Do they have a secret Vault right next to lawn chair? Larry's big old chair. Oh, okay. Back to the horrible stuff. Okay. Okay. Because this is also, sorry. Yeah. Just for a reset. Just trying to think of like, it's a small town. The politics, the families, the passion. Right. Nobody can be wrong in that situation 'cause it's like, oh no, we're on this guy's side and this is, yeah, This is how we feel. Period. It's, I mean, it's similar to the election, It's how people get through hard, horrible stuff.


Right. It's just like, well, let's just go fully black and white with this. And there's only one way as this. Our guy's completely innocent. He's the True victim. Right. And here are the facts to prove it. And it's like both sides have those, they can't all be facts if both sides have differing facts, you know? Yeah. Right. It's like, just who do you wanna believe? So when the lip readers decipher her words, she says, quote, we will do what we originally said. You promised me we should have done this before. End quote. Here's the thing, this is so weird to me, pending his sentencing. So he's found guilty and they're like, we're gonna have your sentencing hearing in the meantime. Get on outta here.


Go on home. Oh, Why are people released before sentencing, after their trial on a murder charge? No less. Like I get it on like a shoplifting charge. Yeah. They, it just depends on the person in the situation. But I think clearly there are people in that town like, or in that courtroom who didn't think it was that he would've done it if it wasn't that exact situation, maybe. Right. But they didn't think he was a threat for whatever reason. But because of this, the story turns and becomes an enduring mystery. So that very same evening, then the, when he's let out after getting the guilty verdict, police are called to the Claiborne Pell Newport Bridge, which crosses the Narraganset Bay.


And it's this long, beautiful bridge. I mean, you know, we're talking golden gate, looking long and beautiful. Is it golden? It's don't, I don't think so. Okay. Don't ask me. Right. No question. A car is idling in the right lane with the engine on and nobody inside it. And this is a big long bridge. There shouldn't be a car empty and idling at first. Police think the car has simply been abandoned, but when they look inside the car, they find clothes, cash cut up, credit cards, and a driver's license. And it's Adam's driver's license. Oh. The clothes are the outfits that Adam and Elena wore in court that day. And it would appear that Adam and Elena have both died by suicide jumping off the bridge into the bay.


That's what the scene looks like. Right? Sure. But immediately you're probably like, that looks a little too good that their outfits are back there. You know what I mean? Like Yes. Like it's, here's all the pieces you would need to believe that we Right. Just Died by suicide. But also like why cut up your credit cards if you're about to jump off a bridge? Yeah. It's, it's a bit thorough. Yeah. For if two pe, especially two people who are just like, yeah. Yeah. Well, very quickly, of course, police start to wonder whether Adam and Elena faked their own deaths and are trying to go on the lamb together. Investigators retrace Adam and Elena's steps between the verdict being read and the car being discovered.


And so what had happened is after the verdict, Adam and Elena had gone to a sporting goods store. They bought matching black sweatsuits, Cool Wrist and ankle weights. Awesome. Which points to them jumping. Oh, You know what I mean? Oh, I don't know. Oh God. Not the sweatsuits, but the weights That they would weigh themselves down first. God. And also weights that would go around their waists. So that does point to them jumping. Yes. I don't know why they'd have to change clothes. Like that's a little suspicious because I don't, you know, like they can't be identified by the clothes that they had on. But if they're trying to seem like they both died by suicide, then that is what, why wouldn't you wanna be identified?


Right. Right. Yeah. That's a very odd piece. Then they go to Burger King and have dinner together and both of these details wind up fueling doubts that the two really took their own lives. Yeah. Your last meal's gonna be Burger King. That's What they said too. But it's like, maybe they hadn't decided just yet and they're like, let's go eat something. And then they just decided to do it. True. I mean, yeah. Anything's possible. And I'm not gonna lie, like Carl's Jr. Wouldn't be ruled out as my last meal. Look, fast food on the whole Yeah. Gets the job done. Yeah. Chemically Mexican pizza, I mean, goodbye. That's not the worst Due to, yeah. But Yeah, it's kind of pointing toward planning, but not planning for a finale.


Right. In my opinion. Right. Because that's, you Know, I just feel like the nostalgia of that can't be overlooked. You know what I mean? Like Burger King McDonald, whatever it was like, that's your comfort food. Oh, that's a really good point. Yeah. Yeah. And you're probably not in the mindset to go to fucking Chez Panis or whatever. Yeah. You're not Have a nice sit down Dinner, you're not gonna feel well. And also would you be allowed to like, is that, doesn't he, does he just have to go straight home or like Yeah, I don't know is gonna house dress. I have no idea. Yeah. So the other thing is that Adam argued with the clerk at the sporting goods store over the cost of the sweatsuits. And people are like, why would he do this if he knew he was about to take his own life? But I mean, old habits die hard.


You know, people had seen Adam and Elena outside of their car on the bridge at about five o'clock that evening. But witnesses say they got back in the car and drove away. No one had seen them get out of the car or jump prior to the discovery of the empty car later that night. So they got there, they got out, they get back in and drive away. And at some point no one saw them, but they drive back and who knows what happened then. Yeah. And Maybe, it was like, there's too many witnesses. We need to like leave and wait until there's less cars on the road. Yeah. Or maybe they're like, I can't do this, I can't do it. Let's go back. We have to do it. Let's go to Burger King. Yeah, let's go. Right. Talk this over. Right. So the immediate suspicion of course is that Adam and Elena are trying to make their way to Italy where Elena's family is from.


Hmm. Which is why that fact that she's from Italy comes into play. However, here's a twist. Despite all of these circumstances, evidence emerges over the summer of 1994. So about eight months later, fishermen discover a skull in the Ganza Bay, directly under the Claiborne Pell Newport Bridge. This skull is sadly determined to be an indisputable match for Elena based off of dental records of unique and extensive dental work on her upper jaw. And Ja me like tested again. It's the nineties, you know, but it's like unique and extensive dental work. Yes. It's kind of hard to refute, but there was like always a small chance.


But, but also would it have been a skull by then? But also I think like that, that turn of, I was so against 'em. Right. And like, eh, no way. Yeah. They got away and then it's like, oh no, she died. And it just like makes me feel so differently. I know. It's like, it's so weirds, so sad. Yeah. Well, and also just, what was she talking about in the courtroom? Like what was she referencing? What was that all about? Yeah, probably like, you can't go to jail. You can't go to like, you can't go to prison. Yeah. We need to end this. I guess, who knows, like for some people the idea of prison or being apart for that long is just, I, I can't even fathom like that mindset, but Right.


For them it was like not an option. Maybe Then around the same time, leg bones are also discovered in the bay. And these are first thought to be Adams possibly, but later they're determined by an anthropologist to have belonged to a woman. But it's unclear if they're belonging to Elena. So obviously the simplest explanation would be that both Adam and Elena really did die by suicide in November of 93. But after the apparent suicide and before the discovery of Elena's skull, numerous sightings of only Adam are reported in Connecticut, which is one state over from Rhode Island. As you well know, you're a Geography of scientists. I mean, one of my favorite pairings of states. Right. It's those two together, ugh. Called Laverne and Shirley.


When these reports are made, Adam is not yet considered a fugitive. So they can't track those down because he's only supposed to be on bail. So once he misses his sentencing hearing, then they're able to start running down these leads during this period, the sightings follow geographical patterns. First in Connecticut, then Florida, then France than in Italy. Oh, That's fucking witness sightings. I mean, come on. Yeah. And he's, you know, he's kind of hard to miss. He's like a handsome Ken and Barbie type of guy. So it's not like, I don't think he'd blend very well because he is handsome. Right. And So, he would stand out a little bit. Yeah. You know, so by the time he misses his sentencing hearing though the sightings have mostly died off, those sightings are still reported from time to time.


I know. And the FBI has considered Adam a fugitive as recently 2017, they tweeted at the time asking for tips like they're still working on it and reminding the public to pay attention. Wow. And he still remains on their most wanted list. And that is the tragic story of the death of Jason Bass and the mysterious death of Elena Emery and the disappearance of Adam Emery. God dang. Right. Yes. I mean, tell Me, tell me. I just am thinking about when I was growing up, my cousins who lived next door who weren't, aren't my real cousins, but they were like my older brother and sisters. The girls had boyfriends that were kind of like dirt baggy, Sketchy.


Yeah. And that's kind of what I'm thinking of where like, when things like this play out a thing like this plays out the story of we're just sitting here innocently eating our sandwiches and drinking some beer, and then we're rear-ended. And so then we go like, every way that this story is laid out, like trying to be explained doesn't make sense in terms of you get rear-ended and you're obsessed with your car. Yeah. You're immediately outta your mind furious. Yeah. And this happens when like, somebody else is the victim where you're then like, well then they didn't do anything wrong. But it's like, did he do something wrong in the beginning, which is like, smash a car and freak out and run away.


Was there a reason he freaked out? Like the guy that got outta the car was so scary and like enraged that he was like, I gotta get outta here. Oh. But none of that matters because it wasn't him. It wasn't Him. But trying to put it together, like the logic of putting that together, which is like, clearly there seems to be, have been an a removal of like, why would a person run, why would a person Right. Get out of there. Because the, the way it ended was so scary. Yeah. That it clearly started at least slightly scary. Yeah. Yeah. His, his favorite thing in the world, his car was smashed into. Right. And then the car drove away. Right. And then also like deflecting the blame the whole time that Elena said, that's the, that's the car.


And she's sure of it. Elena said, grab the knife. Yes. Like, is that even true? You know, it's like Right. It's, he's not at fault in these instances because she pointed those things out. Right. It's a good way to blame her for it. Yeah. Or she's taking the fault 'cause it's, he's a, he's a creep. And then at the very end He kills her and then gets away. Or she thinks they're both going to do it and he doesn't. Maybe, Maybe. Yeah. Like he's like, I was gonna run this whole time and I knew if I ran with you Yeah. We'd get caught. Yeah. I mean, whatever. It's, I mean, so let's make up 55 scenarios because we Won't know. Oh my God. Geez.


Yeah, Man. Good one. Thank you. Yeah, that was a good one. Because we don't get an answer, right? No, I'm sorry. Hmm. Unless you just wanna like go with the obvious is which which is like, they both did it. They both jumped off the bridge together. But the idea that there have been sightings of a person that, aside from being good looking is just like, And in Italy that's strange, but Who Knows who the fuck knows. You can't trust that shit. Yeah, that's true. I would just like one answer for that one by the time where I, I think her finding whole her skull is, is pretty Like if, yeah, I think if that hadn't happened, then we would've been like, yeah, they clearly ran. Right. But that's so odd.


Like, makes me wanna be like, test it again. You know? 'cause I don't want it to be her in a way also. Well, I just don't understand. It feels like if this is, if worst case scenario on this guy's, the worst person all the way through, then that would, that would all track of like, he's got an anger problem. He attacked this kid. He was just, and maybe they're on drugs, whatever the thing is that made him like, hang on to the car and not get off. Like that shit is Scared. He even been drinking. Like who knows how much he was drinking water when the cops got there. Which to me is like, that's what you do when you get pulled over and you've been drinking. Yeah. You know, you're like chugging water. There's a nice neighbor that sits you down on your, on your porch.


Right. I don't know, it just feels like any, it's all of those things are just like, yeah, it doesn't happen to the average person. Yeah. That they end up on the hood of someone's car trying to reach in maybe with a knife for, Yeah. For their own protection. But Probably not. It doesn't, if the knife hadn't been there, everyone would've been okay. And bringing a knife to confront someone in a car is kind of premeditation, right? I think so. Yeah. Bringing a knife to a car party. Yeah. Why? Yeah, because also ultimately, what was it, two max, $2,000 of damage. Yeah. Right. What are you trying to do? What kind of lesson would you be teaching?


Yeah. Yeah.


This podcast is brought to you in part by Squarespace. Are you looking to share something special this holiday season? With Squarespace, you can create a professional website to showcase your work, sell products, or connect with your community. They make creating and managing a website easy. With Squarespace's new design intelligence. With 20 years of design expertise and ai, you can build a stunning website that fits your unique needs. With Squarespace, selling content has never been easier. By putting online courses, videos, and memberships behind a paywall, you can earn revenue with one-time fees or subscriptions. And managing those payments is a breeze. And just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more get discovered faster with Squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to squarespace.com/murder. To save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com/murder. Goodbye.


The holidays mean spending a lot of time with family. So if you're already thinking up responses to fights that haven't even started yet, you might need therapy. My friend, Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider, makes getting the help you need easy, accessible, and affordable. Talkspace has licensed therapists in over 40 specialties like anxiety, depression, and relationship issues. Plus, these services are covered by many insurance plans and employers. Most insured members have a $0 copay. And when you sign up for Talkspace, you'll match with a therapist or psychologist, typically within 48 hours. Talkspace provides personalized treatment for individuals, couples, the lgbtqia, a plus community, veterans, and teens. Once you meet your therapy goals, or if you wanna cancel for any reason, Talkspace will provide you with a prorated refund for unused time. We talk a lot about therapy on this podcast, but I think it's because, or at least I'll speak for myself. I know I really wish I'd started it sooner and I really wish I had not been so scared because it wasn't as scary as it ended up being when I started. And I think these days, Talkspace is such a perfect solution for the fear and the story you build up in your mind about how hard it might be to start therapy. It's really not that big of a deal. And if you start with talkspace, you can immediately match with a provider that wants to talk about what you wanna talk about. And it can be through text online. It's, you get to call the shots, it's not intimidating, and you get to start feeling better. And as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80 to match with the licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code S-P-A-C-E eight zero. You'll get $80 off your first month and show support for our show. That's talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80 a goodbye.


It's that time of year again. Nights are longer. And for those of us who struggle to fall asleep, that means there's more time for us to lie down in the dark. That's why I'm excited to talk about Beam's Dream Powder. A science-backed healthy hot cocoa for sleep. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess, but Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin, and melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Check out beam's, limited time holiday flavors like white, peppermint, mocha and gingerbread. Get 'em before they sell out. Despite all the stress and busyness, this time of year Beam can help you get eight hours of uninterrupted sleep, get back on track with just a few sips. There's truly nothing worse than not being able to sleep. I've been going through it myself lately. A lot of people I know have. It's totally understandable. And the idea that there is an option like Beam Dream Powder, it's a cup of hot cocoa with all these effective ingredients. And then I got to sleep again. What a true dream. And right now, beam is offering our listeners early access to their Black Friday sale. You've been hearing us rave about dream, and this is your chance to try it for the lowest cost it's ever been sold at. Get up to 50% off when you visit shop beam.com/murder and use code murder. Head over to shop beam.com/murder and use code murder and get yours before they sell out. That's shop beam.com/murder and use code murder for up to 50% off. Goodbye.


Okay. All right. Let's all put our hunting knives down for a second. Can we please and take a little bit of a left turn Yes. To my story, which when I opened it this weekend, I was like, yeah, that's right. So it starts on October 16th, 1869. Oh dear. Yeah. In the quiet town of Cardiff in New York State, a local farmer named William Newell is digging a well on his property. And he's being helped out by a few hired hands. And they dig about three feet down into the dirt when one of their shovels strikes something solid. William tells the men it's probably a rock.


And he goes into his house to get a pickax. And while he's gone, the rest of the crew keeps digging. And as they shovel more and more dirt away, they uncover something truly bizarre. Can I guess? Yes. Is it a giant Yes. Ah, I love the story. Yeah. The object in the dirt is huge. And it appears to have a massive foot. Can you imagine? I mean, so they keep digging and before long they've unearthed what looks to be the body of a very large man, a very large petrified man. The workers estimate that this man is about 10 feet tall and he's lying on his back like a corpse.


There's no flesh, no hair, but he does have fingernails and Adam's apple muscle definition and quick listener warning, very prominent male genitalia. Oh dear mom. And although his expression is peaceful, his body is contorted. One hand is crossing towards his very prominent male genitalia. The other is behind his back. His legs are turned to one side So. he is kind of like, seems to be in a state of unrest. When William Newell eventually returns with his pickax, he sees what's been uncovered and he's completely dumbfounded. Word spreads throughout Cardiff.


And within hours, a crowd has gathered at the Newell farm to take a look at the, I mean, those good old fashioned crowds that gather. And this would be like little house in the prairie costumed crowd. Yeah. They'd bring a picnic. Yeah. They'd be like, ma, Bring a hunk of cheese and some bread and Sapar. It's the most entertaining thing that's happened to them in years that Will ever happen in the entire area. It's they dug something up. Yeah. The end. It's like, here's what your town's gonna be known for, for the rest of its Life. Could have been two huge rocks. And they would've been like, this is amazing. Selling cotton Candy, chewing cut and stuff. They call it fairy floss back then, didn't they?


Aw, Did They? I think that's British. I don't know. This is the story of the So-called Cardiff Giant. A discovery emblematic of the power and pitfalls of American ingenuity, opportunism, and capitalism. Hey. Hey. All your favorite things. Those are my top three. So punk, The source used in today's story are a 2005 article from Archeology Magazine by a writer named Mark Rose, entitled, when Giants Roam the Earth. A book by Scott Trimble. The title of the book gives it Away, so we'll just keep it moving. Okay. But thank you to Scott Trimble and then a 2014 article in the Press and Sun Bulletin newspaper by Gerald R. Smith and George Basler.


And again, the title of that article gives it away. The rest of the sources can be found in our show notes. So we're back on William Newell's Farm. More and more people are showing up to gawk at the buried Giant. This, this is what I love. Picture old timey Karen there in her beautiful Calico. A hands-on dress. Yeah. And bonnet. It's made out of flower. S socks. Flower S socks. 'cause I'm very, very poor. I don't Know why, but I have a certain qua that's keeping me going. Where did she Get that diamond necklace. Oh my God. She's a Steeler. Do you guys know her? She's A Steeler. Like you're on the football team.


This Taylor. Yeah. So these crowds are getting larger by the hour, but William doesn't like it at all. He claims to be worried that all of this interest is gonna disrupt the farm. It's gonna make it hard for him to work and provide for his family. And he also tells this crowd of friends and neighbors. He has to rebury the giant and just to stop telling people about it. 'cause we're just gonna bury it back. He's essentially like a classic Get off my lawn. Yeah. Right. The, the original. Yeah. But of course that only adds to the intrigue. So then more people show up to the new farm this time from outside of town. Oh wow.


Outside of town. And then reporters show up. Okay. So suddenly the card of Giant is being talked about in newspapers across the region, and crowds of onlookers continue to swell In response, William basically says, if you can't beat him, join him. So instead of shooing people away, he decides to throw a big tent over the uncovered giant still lying in the ground where it was first uncovered. And then he starts charging 25 cents admission to go. See, That's a lot, right? Yes. Does It have, do you have 10 today's money? Well, a couple days after that. Okay. She bumps it up to 50 cents, shit. Which is $20 in today's money.


That's a lot. It really is. Especially for people in 1869. Yeah. Yeah. You didn't have that kind of, Not unless you owned the the, I was gonna say the old mill, the corner store. But yeah, it would have to be the old mill, I think. Yeah. So people happily pay in the first week alone, 2,500 people show up to see the card of Giant. Oh my God. And they say that there was something undeniably powerful about the scene at the Newell Farm, an academic who co-founded Cornell University. Andrew White describes the scene this way. He says, quote, the roads were crowded with buggies, carriages, and even omni buses from the city, and with lumber wagons from the farms, all laden with passengers lying in its grave with the subdued light from the roof of the tent falling upon it.


And with the limbs contorted as if in a death struggle, it produced a most weird effect. An air of great solemnity pervaded the place. Visitors hardly spoke above a whisper. 'cause you know what's so crazy about that? You wouldn't have seen a picture of it first and then gone to see it, right? Yes, correct. Like maybe a drawing in the newspaper If that, but like you would have only ever heard of this in Description. Yeah. In just in tales and stories. Right. So you're going to see a thing that no one's really ever seen before. Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah. Yeah. So, God, I would've gone, I would've, of Course you would've Sold my youngest child.


So as the word of Cardiff, Giant continues to spread, people remain mystified as to what this thing actually might be. Theories, of course, begin to swirl. Some believe it's an ancient giant who once lived in the area, I guess Sure. Lived and breathed and then turned to stone. He was buried for so long. It's kind of weird. But at the time, petrified objects and giants were kind of zeitgeisty. Okay? So there had been several fossil discoveries in both the 17 hundreds and the 18 hundreds that today we understand belong to extinct species. But at the time, they were just kind of getting uncovered and nobody knew what they were. How fun. Also, in the ultra of religious 19th century, when much of the US population is not educated in science, let alone the burgeoning field of paleontology, these fossils are sometimes connected to biblical figures.


So that includes the giant Goliath of David and Goliath fame. Ah. So it'd be easy to believe that a giant would be found because if they're finding these other creatures and then someone's going, well, this is the, yeah, whatever. It's science, that's science friend, one person telling you something. So there's a decent amount of people who think this oversized human from a prehistoric race has been petrified in the earth. But the same amount of skeptics see the card of giant feel. It is not human. They think it's a prehistoric statue. And others think it's a more recent creation of a hoaxer.


So one of the many people in that latter camp is the writer, Andrew White, who I just quoted. He immediately dismisses the Cardiff Giant as a statue. And not even a, well-made one to white. The giant doesn't share the obvious qualities of other prehistoric fines. At the same time, the giant himself quote, betrays the qualities of a modern performance of a low order. Ouch. That's some fucking old timey shade right there. Big Andrew White was like he knew. And another thing, and he Takes his one monocle, his mon, his monocle off, And he's the monopoly man, And he, it's him Andrew White that went on to found Monopoly, the board game.


So essentially, yeah, white is saying it's an artist who isn't particularly talented. It is not what you think it is. He's like In a rap battle with him, and he just fucking won. He just Slammed that monocle down. So as more skeptics insists that the card of Giant is just a bunch of carved stone audiences still come out in droves to marvel at it. And it's hugely popular. And of course becomes very a lucrative attraction. In less than a week after the Discovery, William Newell sells the majority stake in the Giant as a concept two thirds ownership to a small group of New York businessmen for $30,000, which in today's money, Two 50, $700,000.


Holy, That man. Yeah, that's, you know what's so cool about that? I wonder if he also was like perpetuated the rumor that it's a hoax, because I bet more people came when someone was like, it's a hoax. I bet. And people were like, I need to go see Yes. For myself and decide And pay my own good $20 that I absolutely don't have. Right. To figure this out. Sorry Kids, you're not eating this month. Yeah. I'll decide if this is a hoax or not. Mommy needs to fucking Yes, you can gna on your, on your bed frame. We'll get through this. It's Made of corn cobs. I mean, and fucking edible. Since everything's made of corn cobs, I think you're gonna be okay.


It's terrible. Okay. So of course with the Card of Giants, overnight fame comes overnight drama because down in New York City, New York City, New York City, the situation is getting hurt about. And guess who gets wind of it? PT Barnum. Hey. He immediately wants in. He would later say quote, one thing was certain, it was a great attraction, visited by hundreds of people daily. And I thought that so great a curiosity should be exhibited under proper management in New York City. I therefore approached the proprietors and said, I will give you $50,000 for your Cardiff Giant as it is. Hmm.


$50,000 back then is how much in today's money? Eight 50. That's $1.2 million. God dammit. I'm bad at math. Okay. So it's Time Math that can buy you The hardest time of corn cobs. Time Math is really fucking hard. It's Tough. We've never gotten good at it on this show. But the card of Giant brings in $12,000 in its first few displays on the farm that's worth over a quarter of a million dollars today. So William Newell and his investors turn PT Barnum down. Damn. Because they are making bank, nobody Turns PT Barnum down. You're exactly right. Because PT Barnum then decides he's going to send a sculptor up to the new Newhall farm, and that sculptor will bring a little ball of wax.


And then right there on site, the sculptor makes a miniature replica of the Giant. Hmm. And using that replica Barnum then commissions a full-sized copy of the card of Giant, using measurements that have been widely reported in newspapers. Oh, no. And in no time, Barnum has his own perfect dupe, his card of Giant, and he puts it on display in New York City. You Gotta trademark that shit. It is the first case of IP infringement. I mean, it's such a sad, true fact where it's like, we got our thing and now we're like king of the world. Yeah. But it's, it weighs 500 tons. Yeah. And it's set in the ground. Yeah. And therefore you're just ripe for the picket Totally.


Of anyone to come by. A little ball of wax. Yeah. You just make a miniature. So the men who own the original card of Giant, of course, are furious at PT Barnum. That anger is only magnified by the fact that the copycat pulls in more visitors than theirs. Of course. 'cause it's New York City. Yeah. Especially because the real giant has actually been excavated from William Newell's farm, and they were actively touring New York State, so it could have been them. Yeah. In a lot of ways, historians, Gerald R. Smith and George Basler report, quote, the imitation giant grew sizable crowds while the original giant flopped, for example, only 50 people showed up on the second day of the original Giants tour.


The lack of success led to one of its owners to coin the immortal phrase. There's a sucker born every minute as a commentary on the crowds of people who lined up to see Barnum's fake giant. What I love the origins of sayings. That is crazy. And in a final irony, the phrase is now attributed to Barnum. Although he didn't say it, you could say he stole both the giant and the phrase Damn Sad. It's funny, it's ironic though that he said that about Barnum. Okay. Yeah. Or shadowing. Yes. Okay. So the owners of the original card of Giant attempt to get an injunction to stop Barnum from displaying his replica.


But the skeptical judge writes their concerns off with a sarcastic comment saying quote, bring your giant here. And if he swears to his own genuineness as a bonafide petr ation, you shall have the injunction you ask for. Oh. You know, like he's in fucking PT Barn's pocket. Right. Well, Well how about we listen to the rest of the story and then you see maybe this judge knows what he's talking about. Okay. So with that judge refusing to protect the original, the floodgates open and the sculptor who made Barnum's giant quickly churns out several more, which are advertised in shows across the country. The Philadelphia Inquirer even weighs in writing. Quote, it is rather rich that we should be victimized by such a fraud upon a fraud.


So just like these things won't stop coming. Yeah, yeah. Then in early 1870, any remaining mystery around the card of Giants authenticity totally fades because that's when a man comes forward claiming he's the brains behind the whole thing. That man's name is George Hu. So George Hu is the kind of guy who stands out in a crowd. So in an era when the average man is around five seven, George is six three. Wow. At a time when Americans are overwhelmingly Christian. George is an atheist and a very vocal atheist. And according to Gerald R. Smith and George Basler, he quote, resembles the stereotypical villain in a melodrama with slicked back hair, a mustache, a piercing stare, and black clothes from his shoes to his plug hat.


I Mean, sounds hot, Right? I mean, what's up? Yeah. So very fitting for a man described as a shady opportunist. The same newspaper notes that quote criminal may be too strong a word for George Hu, but schemer certainly applies and quote, while writer Scott Tribble reports that he quote had no qualms about breaking partnerships or laws to get what he wanted. So George Hu classic bad guy. Yeah. Villain. Okay. He started out in his con artistry as a horse trader. That was a well-known ethically questionable job involving downplaying a horse's flaws and putting all responsibility on the buyers to ask the right questions ahead of a sale classic.


Yeah. Basically, Marin wrote, think used card dealers, but in the 19th century, so Hull eventually graduates to a rigged gambling scheme where an accomplice would sell marked decks to saloons and hotels. And then George would go in and charm unsuspecting patrons into playing games against him with those same cards. He repeats this fraud throughout the Northeast until the early 1850s. More than a decade before the Cardiff Giant is discovered. When he's finally arrested, passing through Broom City, New York. Hull serves a stint in jail there. Then he gets back on his feet with the help of his brother who happens to live in the area. George responds to his brother's kindness by marrying his 16-year-old daughter, Helen.


Yikes. George's biological niece not Do that. Please. Very much against the family's wishes and 19th century standards, this is disturbing and scandalous. They become social outcasts and the scrutiny actually becomes so intense that they move onto a farm in a far-flung part of the county there. George works in the tobacco industry making and selling cigars, but he also tries his hand at inventing. He later claims to have come up with a quote harness snap out of which I ought to have made myself rich, but I didn't end quote. And that's because George, he invents this harness snap, and then he immediately sells it for $300, which is roughly how much today?


1500. $300. Yeah. $11,000. God damnit. Today. Later he finds out that the buyer of the patent made over $400,000 from it. Shit. Which would be helm oh 2.7 $15 million Today. Damn. So he's got a chip on his shoulder. Sure. If all of that is true. But these experiences fuel his transformation from a small time con with questionable morals into a deeply disgruntled member of society who has a particular chip on his shoulder about religion. George engages in explosive, exhausting debates on religion with his neighbors.


Those debates are described as pyrotechnic by the New York Daily Tribune. And writer Scott Tribble adds quote, the salvos against religion reflected not only Hull's longstanding skepticism, but also is growing dissatisfaction with the society that shunned him and his wife. Okay. Friend. Do you mean your niece? Yeah. Do you mean that teenager in your life? Which One are you talking about? It's a really hilarious TikTok I saw that was like, guys will defend dating teenage girls. But when you say, well then why don't you hang out with teenage boys? They don't know what you're talking about. We're still in the quote, mainstream and religious society were largely one and the same at this point in history.


And George's atheism was fast taking on a more general misanthropy. So we're gonna fast forward to 1866. This is now three years before the Cardiff Giant is uncovered. George who is in his mid forties, is in Iowa on business. And during this trip, he finds himself in yet another heated debate about religion. This time with a traveling preacher. The men argue over the Bible, which the preacher interprets literally, and George thinks is a complete fabrication. Eventually they part ways, but George can't shake the conversation. So that night, as he is laying in bed, he fixates on a specific Bible verse that says, quote, there were giants in the earth in those days.


So George hatches a plan to make the pious look blindly loyal, if not flat out foolish. He decides he's gonna create his own giant, pass it off as the real deal, and then basically let it be discovered as a hoax and make everybody look stupid. And he also, he's pretty sure the idea could make him a small fortune. So the plan starts about two years later in 1868 after George cashes out his cigar business in Broome County, heads back to Iowa, hires men to lift an enormous five ton block of gypsum from a local quarry under the false pretense that it'll be used to sculpt a statue of Abraham Lincoln.


Abraham Lincoln had just been assassinated three years earlier. George then arranges for that gypsum to be shipped to Chicago where he hires a stone cutter and sculptors all sworn to silence. This is so much work to prove a point. Yes. Like maybe that's what I need in my life is more like, what is it a vendetta against someone? Get me to do shit. 'cause otherwise this sounds exhausting. You do know this is your job, right? Oh, you do shit all the Time. I do. I mean more than my job. You know, like leave the house Knitting more quilting or just go outside. Yeah, just go outside. Just go outside. Put clothes on, take shower.


Well, I do think that that thing, self-righteousness is quite quite an engine. Yeah. So speaking from personal experience where you're just kind of like, well, I'll have, you know? Yeah. That energy gets you right up and outta the house a lot of the time. Yeah. Being doubted is a good source of energy for me. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I doubt you could get off the couch. Anyway, I'm gonna show her. You saved my Life. What I also love is all those kinds of hoaxes, there are at least five people keeping their mouth shut. Yeah. Which I always think is fascinating. Yeah. 'cause it's like how? How do we find more people like you Totally. To be in world. The world. 'cause they're keeping their mouth shut. That's right. People'll never know.


They're like, you'll never know. And I won't have a deathbed confession. I'm the type that actually understands taking secrets to the grave. I hate it. So George R. Smith and George Basler report, quote, George Hole was a hands-on boss supervising the work and hanging carpets and quilts on the walls to deaden the sound of the chiseling. He even supplied the sculptors with a steady supply of beer to keep them happy. Hmm. So then in September of 1868, when the artist showed George their finished product, he's worried that that stone looks too pristine and new So, he throws together a cocktail of chemicals and douses his giant until it has a more distressed look.


And then he takes a bunch of needles, pokes them into a piece of wood and uses it to hit the the stone over and over so that it appears to have pores And what people do to jeans. Right. To make them look Yes. Worn. And what is this? Oh, microneedling. Microneedling. Sure. Yeah. Eventually Georgia's satisfied. The giant is put into a massive box that's marked as finished marble and transported by rail to New York. When it arrives, it's put into a wagon. It's hauled in the Newell farm in Cardiff because it turns out William Newell is George Hull's cousin. Hey, he's been married him Been on the whole thing the whole time.


Yeah, exactly. Shit. Yeah. In a way, he married him in dishonesty. Yeah. In the marriage of dishonesty. So. he Knew the whole time. He knew the whole time. Yeah. It was acting, which also was like, oh, that's right. You had the workers dig it up and then once you hit it you're like, I'll be right back. Yeah. So that I don't have to stand here pretending to be surprised. Right. Okay. So they get to the final step. Obviously they buried the giant together, and then George Hull waits and waits an entire year passes. And then in October of 1869, George gives William the green light to hire and then lead the oblivious workers to the exact location under the guise that William is digging a well.


Then once the giants unearthed, William plays dumb, George is still managing the entire scene and situation from the shadows and from start to finish it. It took George about three years to bring this spiteful dream to fruition, as well as around $2,600. Oh my gosh. Which in today's money would be worth 600. Don't tell me. 1.5, 60,000, God damn it. This is like the worst I've ever done. You Overcorrected that I know to the last number in the end. Hall does exactly what he set out to do. Some of his marks are indeed faithful people. Meanwhile, he makes a big return on his investment after striking a deal with the local businessmen who invest in it.


But now with PT Barnum cutting into the card of Giants ticket sales, George is not happy. Yeah. So in December of 1869, George Hall comes forward as the creator of the Cardiff Giant. Scott Tribble suggests George's motivation here is quite simply another opportunity to cash in. When George comes forward, he dually pitches a tell all book on how he came up with the whole hoax. It's kind of good business like I have an announcement and then a second announcement. Yeah. Yeah. Although Marin then notes here to me, doesn't seem like that book ever got written. Oh. So back on tour, the cart of Giants operators are trying to figure out their next move. They ultimately decide to take the giant to Boston, hoping that the distance from New York City will at least let them draw a crowd for a little while longer.


Yeah. This works for a few months in This is so far. It's so long ago. Yeah. That like no one knew it was fake. I know geography and Boston's not that fucking far from New York. Like So you do now know geography or you Don't I know it. Well told you Now you're claiming you do know I've told you this for almost nine years. Okay, I see. That's one of my favorite subjects. Oh Right. That's right. But it was so long ago. Yeah. That it would be like, I don't even know if these guys were around where you could be like news on the cart of Giant. Right. That's true. No one was doing it. So among those who come to see the cart of Giant when it's in Boston is none other than Ralph Waldo Emerson, who describes it as quote, astonishing.


He believes that what a dumb ass, what a Rube. But the card of Giants allure is quickly nose diving. In addition to the failed injunction against PT Barnum, the dwindling interest from crowds, the growing number of skeptics, and of course George Hull, who is shopping his own tell all story around the sculptors who carve the giant come forward and accuse George Hull of never paying them. Oh shit, you can't do that. He pulled A full Donald Trump and just didn't pay the workers. People can't keep secrets when they don't have their pockets lined. Yeah. They should not have to be expected to. So alongside all this bad press, the card of Giant, which was once considered a marvel, now settles into its identity as a side show oddity.


It's still kind of cool though. It's great. Yeah. The whole concept is, yeah. Is that's got even better story human Innovation. Yeah. Less than a year after it's dug up on the Newell Farm, the card of Giant quickly fades into obscurity, but the appetite for unearthed, prehistoric, quote unquote humans does not dwindle. In fact, George Hull's hoax sparks a wave of similar discoveries across the country. Yeah. Among the most famous is the solid Muldoon. You ever heard of the solid Muldoon? No. It sounds like, it sounds like something you do to like to fuck with your little brother or something. It sounds, gave him the old solid mo Boon.


The old solid Muldoon. The solid Muldoon was dug up in Colorado in the mid 1870s. It's billed as a seven foot tall, prehistoric, petrified man who in a twist appears to have a tail. Hmm. The solid Muldoon is quickly put on display for 10 scented mission, and it's touted as quote, the missing link between Man and Apes. Oh. It also, you can tell Vince this, if he gives a shit, the solid Muldoon was said that he was named after either famous wrestler of the day, William Muldoon or Muldoon Hill, just getting a little Okay. Hill now wrestling trivia in there, and I know there's a bunch of murders with wrestling passions crossover.


There is. We watch wrestling in My favorite murder. They're so similar. I mean very So many ways Spiritually similar. Yeah. But the Muldoon's Mystery doesn't last. A chatty insider spills the truth and word spreads that it's yet another fake. And then in perhaps the least surprising twist, the man behind this creation is also George Hole. I swear to God, this is reminding me. When I was a little kid, we went to like some shitty carnival with my dad. I don't even know where it was. And it was like walk through the tunnel of like, you know, a man eating fish. And it was like all spooky noise and all, and it was like this saddest carcass of a fish hanging. Yeah. By threads I've ever, and even as a 7-year-old, I was like, this is bunk So fake.


This is like, we paid extra tickets to go see this. Yeah. And this is like embarrassing. It's so embarrassing. And also, you know, not no brag, but we would kind of live at the fair every year. Yeah. When we had to go for do four H stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And so we got to see all of that where it's like, this horse stands 21 hands high, whatever. And you'd hear it like playing all day long. Yes. It's exactly it. As the man eating fish of a thousand And you just Maybe. it was because our parents gave us the money to give, then satisfy that curiosity. Then we immediately were like, they ripped us off. And then it's like most kids never had that experience. Yeah. And they have it when they're like 24. I had my nose pierced at the Harvest Festival when I was 13.


There was like a piercing ear piercing booth and I was like, Hey, will you do my nose? And this fucking lady was like, do you have your mom here? And I just grabbed some lady drinking a beer and I was like, will tell them you're my mom. She was like, sure honey. And she was like some blonde lady. I couldn't look less like she would be my mother. Did she know you were getting a nose fish? Or did you Yeah, And she was just like, she Was cool. I don't always remember her. She, she didn't give a shit. No, She was cool. Shout out to you Rhonda. R. Definitely Rhonda. Such a Rhonda. Such a Rhonda. Okay. Okay. Where were we? He made another giant, but this time with the tail. Got it. And that was a shout out to Darwinism. So with this latest stunt, George was certainly aiming for another payday.


He almost got it. PT Barham reportedly offered $20,000 for the solid Muldoon, which is roughly $600,000 in today's money. Just Take PT Barnum's money. I mean you might as well, but for whatever reason it doesn't seem like Barnum actually ever purchased it. The deal fell apart somehow. I bet you was George Hall's fault. He like, oh, it's You. Yeah. Oh you, Oh it's, oh, you meddling kids. Yeah, you know, whatever. I'm not dealing with you as writer. Mark Rose reports quote where Barnum admitted offering $50,000 for the cart of Giant in 1869. His supposed offer for the solid Muldoon seven years later was only 20,000 by the 1890s.


Petrified men were cheap. One found at Wind Cave South Dakota went for $2,000 and another found near Fresno and exhibited in the popular drugstore there sold for $1,000. You Feel bad for like the real one. There's one real one out there probably. Right? It could be down there like, yeah guys, I turned to Snow. Oh wait. Then it says Petrified men had lost their financial punch. Their game was over. So interest in the solid Muldoon quickly fades. George sank a lot of money into this hoax and he never recouped what he spent. He ultimately returns to his career in the tobacco business, but he struggles financially for the rest of his life and he dies in 1902 at 81 years old in obscurity and without much money.


But history, the website history reports that he was quote, still proud of once fooling the World with the card of Giant for years, George's original card of Giant was regulated to the back of a barn in Massachusetts. Oh My goodness. Which I love. Yeah. Like basically it, it got bought and sold a couple times and then basically someone put it in the back of the Barner is like, yeah, my dad bought that in the fifties. I dunno. Next To a DeLorean, whatever. Then in 1901, the year before George's death, it got carted out of storage for the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo, New York. But not many people came to see it. The Giant is again bought and sold several times.


And then in 1974 it finally winds up in the hands of the Farmer's Museum in Cooperstown, New York run by the New York State Historical Association. And it's on display there to this day. And the association's vice president for education, Garrett Livermore has said quote, it's one of our most popular exhibitions. People are still fascinated by this story. Yeah. Which like almost makes me cry for some reason. It's Like only become more interesting because it's so fake and because there's so much like, because It's kind of just about people. Yeah. It's about, it's a people story, Human nature. We're always looking past that of like, where's the Giants from Days of your, or whatever, where it's just like, how about a story about George Hole who was walking around looking like a snidely whiplash.


Yeah. And trying to make giant sculptures trick like Bible hums. Yeah. Yeah. The card of Giant story has all the elements that we know and love. A shocking discovery, a circus-like sense of wonder, a media frenzy, faith butting heads with science and shameless capitalism. All of these things that feel distinctly chaotically and timelessly American as Gerald R. Smith and George Basler. Note to close for some visitors to the Farmer's Museum, the Cardiff Giant hoax can take on the rosy glow for a time when America seemed more innocent. Although whether this time actually existed is a matter of debate.


Others remark on the gullibility of people who fell for the hoax, but maybe they shouldn't be. So smug witnessed today's internet hoaxes and online scams. For example, stories about aliens building the great pyramids. Hey, end quote. Yeah. Very good. Slam in there. Right at the end, Smith and Basler add the quote. Certainly the memory of the Cardiff Giant has outlived the memory of its creator. No marker exists in Cardiff to remember Hull, the great hoaxer considering his ego, he would certainly not be pleased as the biblical saying goes, A prophet is without honor in his home country. That could go for a hoaxer as well. Mm. And that's the story of George Hu and the Cardiff Giant.


Wow. Do, do, do, do. Great job. What was That? I'm not sure. I just, I guess I loved that story so much that I had to give it a, the button theme song button. Okay. That was great. That was, that had everything I wanted in life. That was, that was a perfect story. Thank you. Well, yours was perfect too. Thank you. They were great together. Two great tastes that are even greater together. Yeah. Yeah. We Did it. We did it again. Should we Just end it? I think we should. Okay. Thanks for listening, you guys. We appreciate you. We're here with you in spirit and spirits and Cardiff giants, And let's stick together as we go forward and stay sexy and don't Get murdered.


Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder and Twitter at my fav murder. Goodbye.