
This is exactly right.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step, you're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree your proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet. Yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo, we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you in every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


Some people like A and others like B. At BMW, we prefer X, like the dynamic X three meant for ultimate exploration. The X five built to conquer even the most difficult paths where the pinnacle of comfort and luxury, the X seven. And since every X range vehicle is packed with performance and versatility, you'll always get the best of X, the BMWX range. Your next X venture starts here. Hurry into the BMW President's Day sales event and receive exceptional offers through March 2nd.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite Murder. That's your start. That's Karen Kill Gareth. This is Thanksgiving. It's, This comes out on Thanksgiving 2024. 2024. That's right. That's the year with that we're dealing with. Yeah. Happy Thanksgiving. Hey, what are you grateful for this Year? I'm grateful for all the decorations that Asia put up in the studio. If you're watching this on video, you can see that it's super ottum. It's gorgeous, it's themed out. It totally is. There's baby gourds. But that also kind of feel like I was, I was looking at this, I'm like, what if you could turn them like this? And there's like secret. It's one of those, you could put your pot in it type of containers.


I wanted it to be like a kitchen timer. Oh, wouldn't that be cute? Remember those old Tupperware commercials where it would be like something like this, but then there'd just be a little lock on the front or advertisements. No, and when I was, I was little enough that I used to think that's what Tupperware was. It's like a lock, like a, to lock your leftover. So like a tomato with the lock on the front of it where I'm like, I want a tomato with the lock on it. How about these Turkey glasses? Oh yeah. You've got a cortico one. Hey. Hey. I mean, never have you looked better. Why does New Year's get all the fun when Thanksgiving's ready for it, guys? I can't, I'm gonna go ahead and put these right here. Oh yeah, Yeah.


Is it what was meant to be on my head? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's like, oh, finally Karen's found her, Her Little calling her. Did you see there was like a girl who turned her long beautiful hair. She must be a hair influencer. Turned it into like a cornucopia. Really? That's really cool. All these braids and then all these like accessories and stuff. Was there stuff coming out of it? Yeah. She Like put a pumpkin in and put all this in. Yes. That's Cool. You know, that reminds me of just that much hair. Did you ever see that video where Bob, the drag queen is doing a live show and he's got this gigantic wig on? So there's the thing where they like take out the wig and then it reveals like another wig. And that's kind of like a thing that No, I love it. That's sometimes in the drag community.


Yeah, they do. Is a, so there's a, I can't remember what the song was, but basically like builds, builds, builds, and it goes to do the wig reveal. And there's literally like a 5-year-old little girl sitting on his head. What? It is so funny. And the crowd go, it is just like the most epic reveal of all time. It's Like a crowd that's primed and ready for something awesome and epic and then it fucking outdoes itself. Then it's Just the cutest little girl that's like, what the Fuck? So hilarious. Pretty sure it was an ai. It was, I mean, I can't even picture it. I feel it might have been pre ai. Pre ai. I'm not Sure. Should we say what we're thankful for? Yes. This year, because there's a theme of what Karen and I are thankful for.


And guess what? It's you listener. Oh, I thought it was us. Oh, It's us theme. We're thankful for ourselves. The theme is us once again. No, like, okay. So the theme is that we're thankful for the Marino community. 'cause every day, God, you guys are fucking awesome. And we have a couple cool things going on that we wanted to tell you about regarding you, yourself, the Marino community, What the Marinos have done in the world. That's right. So a listener named Mandy sent us an article that I hadn't seen at all. Just came out, I think just Came out in People Magazine by Angela and Deloro. It's called Micro Preemie. Mom didn't know if she'd be writing an obituary or birth announcement when baby arrived at 25 weeks.


Oh God. And this actually kind of hits me because my dear friend Carrie Selen better just had a preemie at 34 weeks. And I met that baby and it was still in the nicu and it was so tiny. And the thought of a 25 week baby I just cannot even imagine. Must Have been so scary And so scary and unexpected. And yeah, like Carrie's baby was three pounds, nine ounces. I mean, little tiny baby. She's doing great. Oh good. So was Carrie. Great. So basically the mother, Caitlyn gave birth to her daughter prematurely, unexpectedly at 25 weeks due to complications. The baby named Nora was named Nora. Hey Baby Nora.


Baby Nora Was in the NICU for 118 days. And in the article, Caitlyn said she sought help. Didn't know you know who to talk to about this. So she said she got support by posting to a subgroup for fans of the True Crime podcast, My favorite murder on Facebook. And she says, quote, I started posting there every week and it kind of became a thing where I found help that way. Yeah. How Fucking beautiful is that? I mean, truly. Yeah. Because When you have this, like many listeners, everyone has the experience that you've had somewhere in this weird little thing that we've created. And I think it's the thing too, of women being given the opportunity to support and help each other.


Yeah. Around a thing that of course it's like, why, first of all, why do you like that? Why are you interested in that true crime, Blah, blah blah. Yeah. Then it's like, but it's really not about that. Right. And here's actually what it is about, where it's like there's a sisterhood. Yeah. That's actually real in this way. Totally. Yeah. That's a good point. When they're always like, why do women like true crime? Like you guys do so much. And it's like, that's not what it's about. It's about so much bigger than that. And this is like a, a lovely example of that. It's Beautiful. So now, so Nora's now 18 months old, happy and healthy and in a beautiful family and we're so, so happy for you. Caitlyn. Thank you to Mandy for sending that to us. Should I read her email?


Who's Mandy's? Okay. Let me read Mandy's email. So I Thought you meant like her email address where I was like, sure. Yeah. Is it Mandy at gmail or Just Mandy Moore at Gmail. Mandy says hello, hopefully this reaches you. I wanted to share an article written about a fan, her micro preemie daughter and the community that we have all because of your podcast. The community was built over our love of MFM and spread into worldwide friendships. I'm in the Facebook subgroup and witness Kaitlyn and Nora's journey from birth until now. Baby Nora has so many honorary aunties and uncles because of the community. Aww. So I just wanted to share this and say thank you. Thank you for giving us something that we love and the community that has been built around it 'cause of you.


I mean that's, that's such a beautiful, Thank you. Beautiful thing. Yeah. That's nice. It's, it's so lovely. And yeah, I don't know. I mean that's the piece of it that like you and I have just been watching and hearing about. Yeah. But we're like, it kind of doesn't have anything to do with us in a lot of ways. It's like it's a true honor. Yeah. To have done something that is, it's essentially, hey, this is what we are interested in. And this thing grew up around it. Yeah. Of people being this kind of beautiful to each other, Inspired by a true story. Yeah. Hey, let's make it about ourselves and make a donation and the name Oh yeah. Of Marinos Nice to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.


$10,000 we're given them. Its mission is to advance cures and means of prevention for pediatric catastrophic diseases through research and treatment. You can go to st jude.org, S-T-J-U-D e.org to donate yourself if you'd like to. And yeah. Yay. Beautiful. Thankful for y'all. Yeah. Thanks you guys for, I mean, that's just kind of staggering. Yeah. It's like, it's really lovely. Well, I also have a really beautiful thing to share Okay. About a murder arena. Okay. And TikTok, I Know you've been building this up and I'm really fucking excited to see it. Well, I just, here's the thing, as I've already said this already, which is I'm on TikTok, but I'm also middle aged. So a lot of time I don dunno what's going on and I don't really wanna be in there.


I just wanna look at stuff. Yeah. And not it, not like normal social media interaction. Yeah. But of course there's people that are interacting with me and I talk about it all the time. So people are like, Hey, did you see this? Hey, you would like this. Yeah. And they, they also were saying it to you too, but kind of threw me. Yeah. So I don't really, I don't even know that that inbox is there. Every once in a while I'm like, what? What's this over here? And then it'll be like 20 things. I'm like, oh God. So a while ago I did that. And if you don't know, I've been doing a thing. I started reviewing sinkholes. 'cause it's a, a true passion of mine. Yeah. And it's, we called it Sinkhole Saturdays. Yeah. And it just like a little fun dumb thing. So then I opened the TikTok inbox one day, and there is this TikTok, I, I think if you look like that.


Oh my God. Okay, here we go. Karen. Longtime listener. First time caller. I live next door to a very old house. Our house is very old too. Oh my God. Some flippers came in and there's now a big sink for this property. Sold for $630,000. Oh. Now listen, I don't have any kind of reference to how deep this is, but I have a banana for scale. Banana for scale. Banana for scale. That's huge. And I'm on the very edge of the precipice to bring you this breaking news. Karen, please rate my sinkhole.


That looked like a, well, like a old, well, it, Right. It was like, you, you got this house and then suddenly it's like, oh. But then now there's a CVAs on this side For almost a million dollars. And honestly I, it did looks bigger once the banana was in it. Right. Banana for scale. Banana for scale. Banana for scale. Much needed. So I just wanna say, I don't know that person's name, but their TikTok handle is Jesse Bufu. Okay. Assuming it's a person named Fu. Yeah. And the bio says they're an amateur human. And I just have a couple questions to Jesse Bufu, which is like, how did you discover Right. Something that close to your neighbor's house. Right? Like you were clearly snooping in between the other person moving out and somebody else moving in.


Yeah. A little sneaky, in my opinion. Suspicious like, were you literally trespassing? Please give the full crime details of what you were doing. And then also just the, how did you get the idea of using a banana for scale? Yeah. Is is that a reference to a show? Bananas? Yeah. And I also love that she had a string around it. She wasn't gonna leave it behind. She's not a Litterer. No. She wouldn't litter the banana. Not 20. You Could leave it there in 2024, who can throw a banana down into a hole and never have it return, Because those aren't cheap. You gotta pull it back out. It's Really thoughtful actually. It's so lovely all the way around the energy with which Yeah. That was delivered where it's like, please write this. I gotta Tell Karen about my sinkhole. I love it. Love it so much.


Yeah. So I guess if you have a sinkhole in your life, of course, please send it in. Yeah. 'cause I wanna know about it. Do not create a sinkhole just to like, have something to create. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, Don't be like that lady that was digging the hole in her basement for no reason. And then like truly Right. You just kept digging. No illegal sinkholes, please. No, no. You have to observe them in nature. Right. But Jesse Booth foot, I can't thank you enough. It's truly one of my favorite things that I have seen on TikTok. But because I just don't really interact with it, it seemed like, I think I faved it or like said Yay. But it, it meant much more. And I talked about it much more. And I want that person to know, okay. How much it meant, because I want people to send us tiktoks like that. Yeah, totally.


Send us tiktoks like that. Okay. Well, speaking of the Bananas podcast and other podcasts that are on our podcast network and Other fruits and vegetables that we enjoy, Let's get to the exactly right. Media highlights. This week on Ghosted by Roz Hernandez r is joined by comedian, an impressionist James Ian to talk about spooky, to talk about spooky things in other people's voices. Hmm. And then on that's messed up An SVU Podcast. Kara and Lisa chat about the Ballad of Dwight and Arena from S v's 22nd season. And comedian Ricky Lin Ho joins on to talk about her role in the episode. Very cool. Yeah. Also over at the MFM store, we now have signed copies of our book Stay Sax And Don't Get Murdered.


If you wanna give that book to the super fan in your life for the holidays or yourself, if you're that person. Sure. You can head over to www.exactlyrightstore.com to get your copy Today. And for all you demon heads son of Satan, the latest episode of mfm Animated by Nick Terry is now available on youtube.com/exactlyright Media. Please follow that as well if you feel like it. Also, a little bit of a sad announcement. After 180 thrilling double features, we are saying goodbye to our beloved movie podcast. I saw what you did is closing its cinema doors.


Mm. We wanna thank Danielle Henderson and Millie Cherico for four years of hilarity and hard work. You guys did such an amazing job on that podcast and we really we're really gonna miss you. Definitely. And if you're a listener, please stay tuned because Millie will have exciting news for you in 2025. And until then, please enjoy their last episode where they cover Alien from 1979 and faster. Pussycat Kill Kill from 1965. What a great duo to end on. Yeah, that's, that's a really powerful sign off right there. It is.


During tax season, your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll, your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed, or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up. Stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga pieces from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create. Because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back.


Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga Lenovo Lenovo, empowering creators everywhere.


This podcast is brought to you in part by Squarespace. A good website can make or break your brand, but with a great website, your brand can do anything. And that's where Squarespace comes in. They make creating and managing a website easy. With Squarespace's new design intelligence. With 20 years of design expertise and ai, you can build a stunning website that fits your unique needs. With Squarespace, selling content has never been easier. By putting online courses, videos, and memberships behind a paywall, you can earn revenue with one-time fees or subscriptions. And managing those payments is a breeze. And just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay Afterpay and more And get discovered faster. With Squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. That's so brilliant. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to squarespace.com/murder. To save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain, That's squarespace.com/murder.


Goodbye. Thanksgiving day is such a weird day. It's like everyone's working really hard. At least in our household. Everyone's like in the kitchen, like working really hard. Yeah. And there's a kind of almost like it's a holiday, but it's the least holiday issue of all the holidays. 'cause it's a, it's a holiday about people just busting ass in the kitchen all day long and trying to make, trying to time everything out and make it good. I'd rather just go to a Mexican restaurant, honestly. I mean, that's my only option. If my dad and my sister didn't cook, I'd just be like, well, The advance, he like has to have the whole thing and So he, and he has to have it a certain way and like, I wouldn't do it that way.


So he's just like, I'll do it myself. And he does it Himself. And is it like, is it the like classic Michigan way? Yes. Classic Midwest. The whole casserole thing. Yes. All of it. It's great. I'm happy with it. And it's all like a lot of it's canned stuff and instant that, so like, I don't, it's not that complicated, but yeah. I love it. Well also does he do, does he do ocean spray cranberry sauce with the, with the can shape? I love That. You've got to, that's my favorite. So good. And you can just get, your slice is as big as the ripple of the can. Yes. It's Perfect. I love Thanksgiving. It's today. It is. So, Well then let's celebrate with terrible stories. Okay, great. Okay, cool. 'cause it's what we like. Okay. So today I'm gonna tell you the story behind a federal law that you might not be familiar with.


So it's not really a household name, but it fundamentally changed how colleges and universities across the US handle safety and transparency on campus. This is the story of the murder of Jean Cleary, whose death exposed gaps in the existing system and sparked a push for real change. The sources of this story today are several articles that ran in the morning call newspaper in the 1980s, a 1989 Los Angeles Times article by journalist Beverly Bayett, A 1990 People magazine article by by journalist Ken Gross and Andrea Fine. And the rest of the sources are in our show notes. So Jean Clary is born in 1966 in and grows up in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, which is just outside of Philadelphia.


She's raised in a loving home with her parents, Howard and Connie and her two older brothers, Benjamin and Howard third, her mom, Connie would later say that quote, Jean loved her family with a passion, especially her brothers. She wanted to be just like her brothers. So she grows up, she's a great kid. She has a reputation for being kind and loyal and brave. And she's not afraid to stick up for classmates who are getting bullied or being overlooked. And for a while, Jean proudly rocks a gap in her smile after she lost a front tooth while skating. She's not afraid to be different and she's not afraid to be herself. She's scrappy. Yeah. Her dad, Howard would later tell people magazine quote, she was one of the first little girls on the local little league team.


Wow. That's hard. Yeah. Back then, like the early eighties. Yeah. You're playing little league and people are like, what are you even doing? No Girls allowed. Go to fucking Homac and shut up. Yeah. Yeah. And at that time when you were doing stuff like that, like, I wanna play baseball and I'm, I'm gonna fight for my right to play baseball. Guess who didn't help you do that? Other little girls. Right? Like that's the time where people are like, oh no, stay away. Oh no. But I bet she was really good at baseball. 'cause she had two older brothers, right? Yeah. So later at college, she would reflect on her relationship with her gender and her family in an essay that she called growing up in an androgynous environment.


And in it, she talks about how her parents treated her the same as her brothers. And that she was educated at an all girls school where she was able to quote, hold positions that a male most likely would've held in a public school such as school president, president of the athletic association, and head of the newspaper. That's so interesting. I would've never thought of that, but yeah. Yeah. It's all stuff that girls typically didn't do that then. Right. And then you get this, you get this sense of like, of course we can do this. Yeah. Of course we should be doing this. Right. And then you graduate from that school and you go out into the world Yeah. And you're like, oh no. Yeah, they hate us. Yeah. But I just love the idea. It's like an early eighties fighter.


Yeah. You know? Yeah. So with that, Jean is also, she seems aware as a young woman, that she's vulnerable in ways that aren't always in her control. So for example, her first choice to go to college was at Tulane University in New Orleans where her brothers went. She'd actually already applied and been accepted and planned on going there and joining the school's tennis team. But in the fall of 1984, the Cleary family learned that an 18-year-old Tulane student named Karen Minken was raped and murdered in her off-campus apartment by a man who also lived in the building. Oh my God. So of course this tragedy rattles the Clery family at Jean's mom.


Connie later says, quote, we were so shocked, Howard and me, we told Jean we couldn't allow her to go to Tulane. We were too frightened. It was just so far away. Mm. So the family decides to take what they believe is the safer path, which is that she in enrolls at Lehigh University, which is in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. It's about 50 miles from her parents' house, about like an hour and a half drive. It's an excellent school with a picturesque university look complete with gothic style buildings, winding walkways, a beautiful canopy of trees. It's like, and Connie says, quote, Jean just loved the campus and I love the fact that it was an hour and 20 minutes away.


Yeah. Yeah. So several months later, in late March of 1986, Howard and Connie go to pick Jean up from school and take her back to Bryn Mawr for the Easter holiday weekend. And Connie remembers quote, she couldn't wait to get back. She loved Lehigh. It was the happiest year of her life. So she gets back to school a couple days later on the night of Friday, April 4th, Jean goes to a frat party and she stays there until around 3:00 AM when she heads back to her residence hall. So Jean's roommate lost her keys. This is such a, like, we've all done this a million times. Jean's roommate loses her keys and she's still out.


So Jean leaves their dorm room door open, unlocked for her so she can get in when she comes back. Just The wrong night for some fucking reason. Yeah. Of all nights. Just the, and a thing that goes on. Yeah. Yeah. So, so Jean leaves the door open and goes to sleep. So this residence hall, you know, it's the mid eighties. So it's a residence hall that has the exterior door that you need a key for. Then there's an two interior doors, at least two, including the actual dorm room door. But on this night, which is a Friday night, all those doors are jammed open with pizza boxes. Yeah. So that the people in the dorms can have their friends come and go.


Yeah. Very common. Totally. Just how it is. So sometime between four and six 30 in the morning, an intruder enters jean's, dorm heads to the laundry room, steals a couple odds and ends and then goes up stairs, eventually stopping on the third floor. And that's where jean's dorm room is. And then the intruder just starts trying the doors looking for one that's unlocked. And he finds one, when he gets to jean's door, he enters while she sleeps and he grabs a radio, a camera, some jewelry, some cash. But then Jean wakes up and finds a, a man in her dark room.


He brutally attacks her and rapes her. He mutilates her neck with a broken beer bottle, bites her, he beats her, and then he strangles her to death and, and then leaves with the valuables he's stolen. So when another student notices that her door has been left open all night, they enter and discover jean's brutalized body hours later jean's, parents get a knock at their door. And when they open it, they find a policeman standing there. Connie says, quote, most Americans saw the space shuttle challenger splinter into a billion pieces. That's what happened to our hearts. Oh God. Yeah. So it doesn't take long for investigators to identify Gene's killer.


It's another Lehigh student, a 20-year-old sophomore named Joseph Henry. So Joseph had been co-hosting a party that same night at his off-campus apartment with his roommates. And he got very drunk and his crush left with another guy. And he got really mad. He kicked down a door in his own apartment. And then later on when his roommates had gone to sleep, he walked basically onto campus to Jean's, residence hall. Joseph and Jean had never met. It wasn't like he was going to look for her. Yeah. So when he gets back home after this attack, only a couple hours pass.


And he admits what he did to his roommates. Wow. And they go to police, he's arrested immediately. So it's important to note Joseph is black, Jean is white. So you can imagine how this case got treated in 1980s. Media. It's a total circus. And it actually has a real effect on the Lehigh campus. The students of color who go to Lehigh are left to process this horrific crime. As well as that instant sensationalism around the interracial element of the crime. And there's only about 60 black students in a student body of 6,000. Wow. One Lehigh alum will later remember, it was the most horrible crime you can imagine.


And has also kind of reinforced racial stereotypes. It was very hostile for the students who were there through that period. We didn't necessarily see it directly targeting us, but it sort of lived on through the stories and the dynamic. So you're already definitely experiencing standard racism being 60 out of 6,000 and suddenly now, you know, it's just like people if they're going to blame you. Right. Whether they, they do it overtly or it's just like the energy. Yeah. And it's part of the conversation no matter what. Totally. Right. So Joseph has tried, it's basically an open and shut case for the prosecution.


Police find missing items from jean's dorm room inside of Joseph's bedroom. He admitted of course to his roommates. The evidence is all there. His defense tries an insanity plea that hinged on the idea, the theory that Joseph had a rare reaction to alcohol and experienced a personality change while intoxicated. But the jury doesn't buy it and ultimately convicts him. He's currently now serving a life sentence. He has expressed regret for his actions. So meanwhile, the Cleary family is of course just inundated in this tragedy. And then they learn something that shocks them. In the three years preceding Gene's murder, there had been 38 reports of violent offenses on Lehigh's campus, including rapes and robberies.


Jesus. And considering the fact that many crimes, especially rape, don't get reported at all. Right. It's a pretty high number for a school with only 6,000 students. Yikes. To compare, Penn State has a student body of around 60,000 at that time, and there were 24 offenses reported. Wow. Okay. That's a really high rate. Yeah. So the clears base their decision Yeah. On what college gene would go to, primarily based on the idea of campus safety. So having access to that information about Lehigh, of course, would've impacted that decision at the time, only 4% of colleges and universities in the US track this type of data.


Connie says, quote, I knew I was going to have to do something to try to prevent other parents, other students from this eternal nightmare. That never goes away. It never goes away. But the C cls take their grief and channel it into activism. Our favorite kind of story. Yeah. So they sue Lehigh University for $25 million in damages. And that lawsuit settles out of court for an undisclosed amount. But then they take that settlement money and their own money and the entire family starts a watchdog group called security on campus, including the dad Howard, who quit his job at a maille order business to join the family and work on this.


Wow. That's amazing. Yeah. And they basically, as a family and as this business start collecting data on campus crimes. Wow. Right. That's so innovative. Yeah. Instead of just throwing money at it, they're like creating this system that that's necessary. Help a solution. Totally. And it's the eighties. So collecting data, yeah. Data is just fucking, It must have been like, what do you do? You write the government for it? Or you like call people on the phone? I have no idea. I can Hear the dot matrix printer that going right in my Head. Right. I don't think we're even too fax machines at this point. No, no.


At the same time, the Cleary launch an aggressive campaign to reform and enhance campus security. They realize that colleges might not choose to publicize this type of data to protect their reputations. So the CLS first move, which is so smart, is to lobby elected officials to pass legislation mandating it. Yeah. The cls, alongside several survivors who join them in their mission begin to quote, pound the halls of Congress. And Connie adds quote, you couldn't have paid me a million dollars to get up and speak before, but Jean's death has freed me. I'm not afraid of anything or anybody anymore. And those efforts pay off. In 1988, Pennsylvania's then Governor Bob Casey signs a bill into law that requires all state colleges and universities to re regularly publish three years worth of campus crime reports.


Shortly after more than a dozen other states follow suit. Wow. Then in 1990, George HW Bush signs the Gene Clery Act into law at the national level. And this is described as a federal consumer protection law. And it requires any university that receives federal funding to track and publicize crime statistics on various offenses, including robbery, sexual assault, hate crimes, stalking homicides and more. That's amazing. And I love the consumer part of it. 'cause it's so true. Yes. You are paying to go to this institution. You are, you know, you are a consumer of this institution. Yes. Especially if they're fucking federally funded. You wouldn't send your child to a movie theater where you got the information that people punched people randomly in the face.


Right. All the time. So you're like, yep, I won't go ahead and spend my money there. I'll take it somewhere else where they care about safety. And if you don't care about safety and you know, don't wanna put any effort into it, your numbers will be bad and reflect that. So they'll put more money into it so they don't have to put those numbers out. Yeah. That's so smart. It's so smart. It's like you Gotta force people to fucking behave a lot. Yeah. And and I think that idea of like as a family, making those kinds of really calculated very smart strategic decisions that it's like, let's not stand over here and and try to get people to like believe or politely care politely. Right. It just goes straight to get a law passed.


Let's not ask them politely, let's just make it that if they don't do it, their bottom line will be affected. 'cause that's really what they give a shit about. Yeah. Wow. We're all over. Listen to us colleges and universities. Fuck those schools. It's why we Didn't go to college. That's it. It's why they kicked us out. Ring ring Sac State. Yes. What? Listen, city College loved it. I did. It was a good time. It was a Great time. This law also requires schools to publish a report explaining their plans for handling emergencies from national disasters to mass shootings, as well as measures taken to secure on campus buildings. Wow. So it's just like what you got? Yeah. Put it together and turn it in if You're gonna offer this place and you need to also offer a, you know, a, some kind of level of safety.


Yeah. The Clery Act goes beyond physical violence. Students can file Cleary complaints for anything that threatens their safety on campus, and that includes threats to their personal health. And universities don't, that don't comply with the Clery Act, are fined by the Department of Education. And there have been several high profile examples of those violations. Wow. One infamous one is the $2.4 million fine levied levied against Penn State for not publicly reporting incidents involving former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky, shit a ahead of his 2012 conviction for serial sexual abuse as well as the $4.5 million fine on Michigan State University for its failure to protect students from Dr.


Larry Nassar. Right, right. Who sexually abused hundreds of female gymnasts before being convicted in 2017. It's just, yeah. So the stats that universities are required to collect under the Clery Act are imperfect. Of course. For example, it's well-established that sexual assault remains seriously under-reported. The website of the American Association of University Women notes that despite numerous studies showing that rape is common on campuses, 89% of colleges and universities reported zero incidents of rape. 77% of campuses reported zero incidents of sexual assault, including rape and fondling domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking.


0%. Can you imagine that world as like, I Would fucking, if I would go move there immediately as if, like, if you get 0%, you need to be fucking worried because that means you're in a culture that is scaring women and scaring survivors into not reporting into silence. Yeah. That's all that it means. Yes, that's right. It doesn't mean it's safe. Right. That's, That's almost scarier. Yes. I have a cup, a big cup of coffee before we started. A shocking statistic that speaks to the inadequacy of reporting structures rather than the frequency of events. Okay. Well should, I'll let you finish. No, no, no. I think your wording was much clearer and more understandable.


But I mean, it is that kind of thing. I feel like that if that isn't a thing that's threatening to you, then that isn't a thing. That's, it's very easy to brush that off if you're some college dean and you're just like, it's fine. Right. See, It's zero. Yeah, it's zero. So now the Clery Act has been amended multiple times. It's far more extensive than it was in the mid eighties. Like many significant laws, including Title ix, which deals with sex-based discrimination on campus and overlaps with the Clery Act, it has faced some criticism for becoming overly complex and bogged down by bureaucracy. Yeah. So have they all Yeah, I'd rather have that than the Alternative.


Yeah. Than Nothing. Can I, can we just have, can we have something that's complicated rather than nothing? That's nothing. Something That's this horrible is going to have complicated solutions. Right? Hmm. I'm really on my high horse on this one. It's almost like saying, it's like, so it's complicated, so just don't do it. It's Like, yeah, it's too complicated. No, it's too complicated. Sorry. Then stop fucking sexually assaulting and raving fuckers. Well it's not perfect. The C CL East Crusade is an undeniable huge step towards greater transparency from academic institutions. Meanwhile, their original organization, security on campus is now the Cleary Center.


And it continues to advocate for safer campuses by raising awareness around things like hazing and binge drinking. In 2015, on the 25th anniversary of the Jean Cleary Acts passing jean's, mother Connie says, quote, it took an army and it took my life. It was worth every single bit. Oh My God. I can't imagine. I know. So November 23rd, which is This week, would've been Jean Cleary's 58th birthday and here's her as a teenager. Oh, What a bright, beautiful smile. She Truly looks like every girl I knew in the eighties. Totally. Aw.


Outside of her old residence hall at Lehigh, there's a plaque honoring her and it says, quote, lest we forget the meaning of her death. We must protect one another so that her life will not have been in vain. And that is the story of Jean Cleary and the federal law named in her honor. Oh My God. I did not know about that at all. Me either. That's incredible. I had no idea. Wow. That was amazing. Great job. Thank you. Great Thanksgiving story. I know, right? Yeah.


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo. Your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga PCs from Le Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet. Yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you in every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with the yoga Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


Some people like A and others like B. At BMW, we prefer X. Like the dynamic X three meant for ultimate exploration. The X five built to conquer even the most difficult paths where the pinnacle of comfort and luxury, the X seven. And since every X range vehicle is packed with performance and versatility, you'll always get the best of X, the BMWX range. Your next X venture starts here. Hurry into the BMW President's Day sales event and receive exceptional offers through March 2nd.


We all love a little luxury. I mean, it's so luxurious. Oh my God, it's so luxurious. And with Quince, you can add quality luxury essentials to your wardrobe without the hefty price tag. Quince offers a range of high quality items at prices within reach. Quince is known for their Mongolian cashmere sweaters starting at $50. I'm wearing one right now. And check out their 14 karat gold jewelry, Italian leather handbags and European linen sheet sets. I was scrolling the Quince site today to order a couple things that got jeans and some mulberry silk pillowcases. But the word that kept coming to mind when I saw it was classy. Yeah. Like everything looks classy. Like it's straight outta succession. I know. It's very key pieces as my mom used to say. Yeah. It's like her old advice was like, but invest in that cashmere sweater. 'cause you'll have it forever and you'll wear it forever. But it's like with Quince, you don't have to invest, you just get to Yeah. Buy something. 'cause you want it and it is affordable for a cashmere sweater, the fact that it's 50 bucks is like for me, that's a dream. You love those, love Them. Give yourself the luxury you deserve with quince. Go to quince.com/mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince.com/mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Alright, well let's take a fucking what all the 180 360 fucking let's Go from, you know, eating the solid and, and have our, having our vegetables Straightened to dessert. It's dessert time. It's dessert time. Okay. I'm gonna tell you a very desserty story. It's about a tween and teen cousins getting into mischief together. And in doing so accidentally creating one of the UK's most endearing debates on fantastical, unexplained creatures. In the vein of like what you love, fucking Lochness or Bigfoot. But this one, this is the story of the Cottingley Fairies.


Yes, yes, Yes, yes. So excited. I love this story and I love how far it went. Yeah. It went really far. And we're gonna have to talk about why 'cause it's so confounding. Okay. 'cause I'll show you the photos too. I'm sure you've seen the main sources for this story are two articles from BBC news and the rest of the sources can be found in our show notes. Alright, well let's start in one of your favorite times and places the late 18 hundreds, early 19 hundreds, picture it. The Industrial Revolution is starting to take over the world. All these like rural communities are coming into big cities and this is how people are now living and making money and just, this is how society is sadly headed.


Yeah. Right. And so this means that our once reliance and connection with nature and traditional lifestyles that relied upon nature is starting to fracture. And it's during this time then of course that people start to romanticize that connection that we supposedly had thinking of it as an innocent time and using it kind of as magical escapism. So it's in this vein that the fairy aesthetic becomes a huge trend in the uk even being nicknamed fairy fever. Oh, and this is for everyone. I don't know. It's these little, it's like Tinkerbell essentially. Yeah. That's the fairy idea we're talking about. And actually got huge in Victorian children's literature.


So children grew up with fairy art and stories of course, particularly in the wildly popular Peter Pan, which debuted in 1907. And then it was a massive sensation, and then it was performed as a play consistently for about 25 years. Oh. So people were obsessed with this. Every child went and saw the play. I mean, clapping, if you believe in fairies, that kind of thing. I know. Bring, bring Tinker Ball back. I Know. Yeah. Remember also she was kind of cty and I loved it. Yeah. Tinker ball's like it's my way or the highway. Yeah. But also in Irish culture. Right. Like my grandpa grew up believing in fairies and telling us about like, no, they're real, really like they're on our property.


Oh yeah. Completely. 'cause it, and it's part of that living with nature. Totally. Where you're let you know a circle of mushrooms is a fairy ring. Yeah. That kind of stuff where it's like, oh it's, it's the way people explain what nature's doing and you know, Makes sense of it. Yeah. Yeah. Or they're real. Or they're real. And they planted those mushrooms perfectly with a compass. And more than 350 books about fairies are published in the UK between 1920 and 1925. Wow. That's a fucking lot. And adults are into fairy stuff, but for them, the fascination, it kind of overlaps with spiritualism, which I know you love. This is the same time period when seances are becoming very popular.


And people attribute this to the grief that adults, of course felt in the aftermath of World War I. They wanted that connection with the afterlife so that all of their sons who died didn't die in vain. Yeah. And they can still connect with them and you know, that's understandable. Yeah. And also just a little, the idea of like, this isn't just how life is. Yeah. There's, there's more. There's magic out there. Totally. And so people see proof of the existence of fairies as a corroboration for other fantastical ideas that they would like to approach with the seriousness of science. A lot of people who are really into the afterlife are pissed off that theories are lumped in to what they're into. You know, saying like they don't believe in that and you're making this seem less legit.


But other people like see them all as kind of this like fairytale. That is true. I like to just put 'em all on one shirt and then that's what, that's what decides. What do you mean you just like, if you want a sweatshirt Yeah. You can have some spiritual stuff over. Okay. Spiritualism stuff over here and some fairies. Okay. And then you're like, I've been reincarnated. I Thought you were gonna say like when it's like spiritualism and reincarnation and fairies and when it's just all the names of Yeah. Like the John Ringo Paul and Yeah, yeah, yeah. Judy, she was the fourth Beatle, I can't remember. Judy. Judy. Judy. Okay. So here we are in this Headspace, and now we're gonna travel to the north of England in the summer of 1917.


Wars just ended. And we're near LEED in the village of Codding Lee, which is part of the city of Bradford. Got it. Sure. We're in the home of the Wright family, which specs up to a little wooded valley, and at the bottom of that valley is a small body of water. I mean, it's a fucking novel. You just get, you're like, I'm gonna just go walk out into the woods. Yeah. It writes itself. There's like a stream and it's called the Codding Lee Beck. And a beck is a regional term for a brook. Okay. So the Wright family is made up of the married couple named Polly and Arthur and their 16-year-old daughter Elsie. Elsie loves to draw. She's a skilled artist. Her father is an amateur photographer with his own dark room and Elsie has learned a lot about photography from him, which is, oh my God, so cute.


Also living with the family is Elsie's aunt and her 9-year-old cousin Francis, who recently moved back to England from South Africa, where of course colonization was rampant. So even though Elsie is a lot older than her cousin, she know 16 and nine, you wouldn't think they'd be best of friends. But the two girls get along and they love playing together. And in particular they like to hang out by that beck where they typically get into trouble for getting their clothes and shoes wet and for tracking mud into the house. Sounds like a fucking great childhood. The dream. Yeah. We got to hang out near Creek growing up. That sounds amazing. Just like there was a creek in our backyard. Wow. You just went down there and it just like hung out.


We hung out by the like LA River and drank under bridges and like And raced with the pink ladies. Yeah. This smoke cigarettes and Yeah. I don know Takes all kinds. Yeah, it does. So when the moms yell at them for getting wet, Elsie and Francis takes All kinds. It's my new favorite thing I say a lot lately. It it's really true. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. So when their moms yell at the girls for getting wet, Elsie and Francis like to reply that they were quote off to see the fairies. Like that's their excuse. We're off to see the fairies. It sounds like this is mostly Francis, the nine year old's excuse and it's looked up by the family as like the equivalent of a dog ate my homework.


Kind of a jokey thing. But Elsie always backs her up agreeing that there are fairies in the back. Of course no one takes them seriously. It's just a cute little thing the girls say when they get in trouble. Until one day in July of 1917, the girls tromp into the Wright's kitchen after fucking around in the beck and the mothers are fed up this time Elsie says that they really had seen fairies and that she was gonna prove it. She borrows one of her father's cameras and she and Francis head back down and they come back to the house less than an hour later saying that they have irrefutable proof that the fairies are real. Arthur helps Elsie develop the photo and sure enough, clear as day there's a photograph of Francis surrounded by several dainty dancing fairies.


Oh. This beautiful Victorian photograph, which I'll show you in a minute, but let me, let's keep going for a second. Arthur is suspicious. The dad is like super suspicious. He also knows his daughter does have the artistic chops to fake this. Okay. First of all, yeah. In fact, Elsie has a job at a photo studio in Bradford, retouching photographic plates. But the image does look incredibly lifelike and he knows that Elsie didn't tamper with the photo plate like a, which is like basically the negative. 'cause he helped her develop it. He would've seen it when he was developing it. Yeah. So he's like, this is so, this is like, I can't explain this. Right. The only other option is that Elsie drew an extremely lifelike fairy cut it out and post it in the picture.


And listen, lemme tell you that's what she did. Spoiler alert. That's exactly what she did. I hate to spoil it, but like you gotta know the whole time. I think. Yeah. Most if you know the story, you kind of know the ending of the story. So that's exactly what they did. She copied pictures from a book of children's stories, added wings, cut out the drawings and stuck them in hat pins to stand them up. That's why they look real and three dimensional. And the girls are adamant that the photo isn't faked and they're committed to their story. And you know, at least when it's just their immediate family Yeah. They're just playing along. Right. They're so committed in the fact that they take another picture A few months later in, in September, this one shows lc sitting next to a little winged creature, which the girls claim is a gnome.


So let me show you the two photos that we have and you tell me what you think. Oh, See Photography's pretty early at this time. So you and I look at this and we're like, that's so stupid. You can tell it's fake, but you Know. But I mean, yeah, right. These days it would be retouched to high hell, whatever, but, And if you really want to believe it, then you'll believe it. Right. Let's see the other one. So that's lc. I mean, it's ethereal looking and very pretty. Hold on, let Me Oh yes, yes. There it is. You see it. It's so pretty. Oh my God. Also, I just kind of love, it's like you've got a weird older cousin.


Oh yeah. He's super arty. She's The coolest. And then you're like a little 9-year-old that probably has a big imagination yourself. Yeah. And so you're kind of like, it's the, And Kelsey's like playing along even though adults are so fucking boring and shit. Right. Or she's like, maybe she's the one that's like, what if fairy's were for you? Yeah. Like, who knows? Or like, Hey Francis, let's play a trick on our family. And like, yeah, this is Yeah. Are Like, they gonna doing an arty thing. These Girls are bros. Love it. However, I don't think they expected this to go as far as it went because in 1919, Elsie's mother, even though she doesn't seem to believe in it, brings the prince of the girls' photos to a lecture on fairies being held at Bradford's Theosophical Society, which is a group devoted to a new age religious movement that's popular at the time.


So it's all the kind of spiritualism Yeah. Stuff. And the photos are so impressive that the society's president brings them to a meeting in London and gives a series of lectures about them in 1920 as If they're real. Like he believes it. It seems like It's kind of like finally the thing we've been like talking about and theorizing about. There's actually like, yeah. Because photographs themselves were relatively new. So then it's like, they're like, Have proof, finally proof. That's all anyone wants. All these fucking just little girls fucking around in London. The photos catch the attention of none other than Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, the author of the Sherlock Holmes stories.


So he is already a famous author and he'd been working on an article of about fairies because he had been obsessed and fascinated with spiritualism ever since his own son died in World War I. Mm. So it seems like he really wanted to believe this with his whole being, we All really wanna believe something. Yeah, we really do. We do. And So he viewed the photos as if they were real and as if they were proof of the legitimacy of not just fairies, but spiritualism in general. Wow. Yeah. Also, it's Cir Arthur, Conan Doyle who, like, when you watch Sherlock Holmes stuff, it's like everything is deduction and logic and fact and all that stuff. So it's kind of very powerful. It's Sad.


It makes you think he must have been really heartbroken if he were able, if he just so easily believed these things. Yeah. Or if it's like he lived that life of like logic only for so long and then it's like, but what is that gonna get me? Right. Yeah. Right. Or like if I'm broken hearted, that's logic isn't gonna help me. Yeah. That logic is true. Then I'm just, I have nothing. It's me here. Yeah. Sad. Yeah. So Conan Doyle writes an article about the fairy photos and says that he has gone through every possible explanation for how they could have been faked and can only come to the conclusion that they're real and that fairies exist. He even gets opinions from several experts in photography, including one from the Kodak company.


The experts all come back with mixed reviews. But Conan Doyle concludes that the results of these opinions show two outta three experts agree that the photos are real, which is Kim kind of, you know what, like I'm taking this and I'm making it sound like this. Yes. But he's not lying. But it's not, you know? Totally. It's just like that thing where dentists recommend toothpaste. Exactly. It's like, that's not real, Do they? No, they don't. It's not, They don't even like toothpaste. Also, it's just, I think it's also the piece of you take something up and you're like, I believe in this. And then it's like, well then well then fight for it. Right? And it's like, oh, now suddenly there's something, there is a fight. Or like a, I'm on this side kind of thing.


It's like, what is It about confirmation bias when it's like, if you already believe in something, you're only gonna see, see the stuff that supports what you believe in. Absolutely. And the other stuff seems like bullshit to you. There's magic in the world. It's bullshit. There is. There is. And I don't wanna fight someone and be like, no, there isn't. You know, it's like, 'cause if you need that fucking, I mean, same with religion. Like if you need that, have it. And also, who the fuck knows? Yeah. I think there is a very beautiful thing of like, you gotta keep open to it. Yeah. There's no point in being like, there's nothing ever anywhere. Right. Just like that's not good. But You also have to be open to the point where like, other people's opinions are just as fucking legitimate as yours. Because why? There's no such, when there's no such thing as is This new for you?


Prove a negative. I'm sorry. Prove a negative. There's debate Georgia. I've never met her before. Oh yeah. It's really, Gosh. She's fine. Good. She gets, she's ready for Thanksgiving dinner table. Proven. Proven negative. I fucking dare you. So Conan Doyle asks Elsie's father for permission to print the photos in the article. And Arthur, the father, is so impressed by the, this famous author who's like paying attention to this little family all of a sudden that he agrees to letting the photos be published. Although he refuses payment for the photos that Conan Doy wants to give him. And it sounds like he says it's 'cause he doesn't wanna tarnish their genuineness, but it sounds like he maybe knows they're fake and doesn't wanna scam the author out of money.


Yeah. Which is thoughtful. He's like, I can kind of go along with this a little bit. I can't go that far. Yeah. If I take money, then I'm complicit. Yeah. So Conan Doyle's article is published in the Strand Magazine in the uk, Australia and America in the 1920s. The girls are referred to in the article by pseudonyms. And the article causes a huge sensation, not because everyone believes the photos are real. In fact, most people probably believe they're fake. But the debate over whether or not they are completely real, it's like goes viral essentially. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, like what color is the dress? Yeah. Remember that? Yes. And it's, it's the same thing. It it's fun to land on a side. Yeah. It to Exactly. Yeah. And so like, find one person to argue the other side is just like what you do at a pub.


Yes. Like what else are you gonna do at a pub? But also That dress was so clearly blue that I don't understand it was blue. Like what were people seeing? Is it something like in your retina or something Must be, Anyway You, you should cover that story. Gripping drama. The Gripping drama of being on Twitter and like 2011 or, oh God, whenever it was. So no one can figure out how the photos have been faked. So that's kind of part of the whole thing. And they don't think two young girls would've the skills necessary to create this kind of illusion. So it's like A few sexist Fuck you. Yeah, exactly. So after the article comes out, Arthur Conan Doyle buys Francis and Elsie new cameras so that they can try and capture more photos of the fairies.


By this point, it's 1921 and the girls are 13 and 20 years old and they really don't know what to do because it's fucking fake. And they never believed that anyone would really fall for it. Yeah. You know, they didn't expect, I guess maybe they didn't know their mom would take them to this lecture and never people would take it seriously. But everyone is so starstruck by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle that they're just like, let's just go with it. Yeah. You know? And he's like put a lot at, there's a lot at stake at like his reputation at this point for so they like don't wanna tell him. Right. For that reason as well. It's like, sir, we're big liars. Yeah. I don't know why you believe in us so much. We gotta keep lying. Yeah. So not knowing what to do and feeling kind of, sorry for Conan Doyle, the girls accept the cameras.


He also pays them around 20 pounds each, which in today's US dollars $500, 1,150. Ah. He just fucking hands him a fucking 20 quid or whatever. They produced two more photos, one of Francis and one of Elsie. And there's a fairy in each photo. These photos are also published along with a fifth photo, which just shows the fairies and neither of the girls. And this last photo is called the fairies and their sunbath. And the fairies do look a little different in this photo. More transparent and ethereal. Those are the real ones. I, the Idea is that they are dematerializing front of the camera.


And actually to this day, no one's quite sure how they achieved that Effect. 'cause they're the real ones. Right. So they're real. The fairy craze peaks in about 1923. And Sir Arthur Conan Doyle dies in 1930. But the debate about whether or not the coning Lee fairies in those photos are real rage is on for decades with many people believing rightly that the theories are a hoax. Others insisting that they're real. Like how fun and harmless except for his heart. I know. You know, I mean, but it didn't affect him. I think he probably really enjoyed it all the way through. Yeah. I mean, it is, it's like a, it's like a fun thing in the middle of a bunch of fucking horrible shit happening.


Bullshit. It's like a fun debate. The Whole, the harmless sky filled with ash and smoke. Oh God. Everybody is like in the workhouse. The Poverty is, ugh, abundant. When television becomes mainstream, there are programs devoted to the tail and lots of people do investigative deep dives into the subject. But no one officially solves a mystery until the 1980s. I wonder if you watch this. That's when Francis and Elsie, who are now in their late seventies and eight and eighties come clean in an interview on a show about the paranormal called Arthur c Clark's world of strange powers. Ooh. Do you remember it? No. It was British. It's like C somebody. Can you someone order it for me right now?


Yes. How do I, you need the time life series of, I need two cassettes. Turn away from my job and start watching it immediately. Me Too. Oh, it's like the Spock one. Yes. What was that one in search of? Yeah. So Elsie, the older one, finally admits that the whole thing got outta hand when Conan Doyle got ahold of the story and the girls just decided to go along with it. She says, quote two village kids and a brilliant man like Conan Doyle. Well, we could only keep quiet end quote the girls. Now women say they wanna tell the truth. Old women, not old women, they say they want to tell the truth before they die. They don't, they don't want their grandkids wondering. Which I love it. It's us always saying, don't leave anything a secret.


Yeah. Clear it up. Why not Deathbed confessions. Yeah. For everyone. Yeah. Even if you have to make something up. So for her part, Francis, the younger of the two has always insisted that that last photo, the one of the fairies in their sun bath is real. It's like, why would she do that if she's, they're coming clean. Right. And it is like, really, it's like spider webby looking and the dew, you know, kind of a thing Because they're real. You think So? You too. Why? I just think there's things going on I like, like that have, we have no idea. But also it's like, it's almost the thing of like whether or not that exact thing is here's what's magical.


Two girls in a creek in this tiny town. Yeah. Get the inventor of Sherlock Holmes. Yeah. To come and hang out with them and give them money. That's a Book like that doesn't happen in real life. It's All like, it's almost like the thing everyone's focusing on. Right. Isn't the magic, it's the girls and what they're doing and how they do it is the magic. Yeah. It's a beautiful story. And the story's about them. And the mom maybe knew that. Yeah. Like, look what my brilliant daughter and her and my brilliant niece did. Yeah. Yeah. I love that. And in 2019, the daughter of Francis Griffiths put up a series of prints from the original negatives at auction. Okay. Guess how many pounds they sell For?


Is it in the millions? No, I, I don't wanna make you guess. 'cause it's not As much as 5,000 million, 50,000. It Should have got way more than that. I know, But, but still, I know. Maybe I'll get you that for your birthday next year for Thanksgiving. I'll get you. You can make it a lithograph. It doesn't have to be the Original adding you. And that is the story of the Cottingley Fairies Perfection. I mean, yeah. I really love that. Also, it's just like Charles Conan Doyle, a man who has seen a bunch of shit, gone through a bunch of shit. Like it's suddenly like later in life or maybe end of life. He's like, wait a second, one last chance to actually experience like I, he wanted it so bad because Fear of his own death, fear of his son's passing, needing there to be more to life than this.


The basics. Right. Which is like so human. So human and, and also kind of like that's a, You don't think it's bad that they tricked him? Well No, because it wasn't their their intent. Right. It wasn't like they were like, if we make these fairies we can get a thousand dollars. Yeah. Or whatever. It's like they were just having fun and being artistic. Yeah. And then a little thing they were doing with their family of like for either attention or just whatever, or maybe 'cause they were down there and there's like, they say that in Ireland, bogs would release gases that would do this weird sparkling thing. And that's why people were like, oh my god, what's that over there? Like there's all kinds of shit that's been going on for a long time that we have no explanation for.


Yeah. So he's kind of coming and going, wait a second, is it, you know? Yeah. Do I finally have something true or do I have something Provable? Yeah. To, for this feeling that won't go away. I like that. Well, we have something true and Provable. What? And that is the listeners here that we're so thankful for and thank you for spending your Thanksgiving with us or not if you're not listening to it. Yeah, True. It's fine. Or later If it's 4th of July Yeah. And you're like, oh, I never caught this one. Yeah. Also, thank you for creating that kind of human magic with your good vibes and your community. And your community building because man, we've seen it.


We've seen it in action and it is truly the definition of magic. Totally. So thank you guys. Thanks for listening. Happy Thanksgiving. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana sce. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder and Twitter at my fav murder.


Goodbye.


Never settle unless it's into the electrifying. BMWI four. Blend the lines of cutting edge and classic with groundbreaking technology at your fingertips. Experience m engineered precision while you twist around every turn. After all, electric doesn't have to be static. If you thought EVs couldn't live up to your expectations, then you've never experienced the ultimate electric driving machine. The 100% electric 2025 BMWI four. Hurry into the BMW President's Day sales event and receive exceptional offers through March 2nd.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For a liability, get a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places


This message comes from. Greenlight ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.