
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row, all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


If you've got a million tabs open in your brain at all times. You don't need a wireless service that slows you down Visible, Gives you unlimited data and a fast, reliable connection so you can keep scrolling until your fingers fall off. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the go. Ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed by clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The Results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver MD. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use Code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye.


Hello And welcome To my Favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard Start. That's Karen Kilgar. That's Christmas. It's officially not Christmas anymore while you're listening, but it's the Date. But it's definitely Hanukkah. It's Definitely the first night of Hanukkah. Get ready. Congratulations. Hey, All you half Catholic, half Jews out there. What's up? Oh Man. I love that idea of those couples together. The half Catholic, half Jewish. 'cause like they're both families. Were like, what are you fucking talking about? You know? You know, it's like both families were like, no, Those people. Yeah. We have some adorable holiday decorations. Thank you to Asia again. She's like our, she's like our stylist Now.


Yeah. But also the first one, I just credit where credits too. Yeah, Alejandra did the Ottum Halloween show. That's right. She Had ran her ass down to Target like last second. Okay. I thought it was Asia. Well, This time Asia went and really did it up nicely. I'm definitely stealing the Hanukkah decorations when we leave today. Yeah, I think you should. That's Good. And I have my faux Christmas sweater on. Oh, those look great on you. Are these are these really me Christmas glasses? Are you who knew? I can see so much better now. Can you see the spirit of Christmas? I can see Jesus' soul. I was gonna say, just as a fun factoid, turns out it is very rare event when Christmas and the beginning of Hanukah land on the same day.


It's something to mark your calendar over. Yeah. And that's why we've done this. It's fun for us because when Hanukkah is like, sometimes it's in, like it starts in November. Yeah. And it's over by Christmas break for everyone else. And it's kind of a bummer every year where it's like the spirit of a holidays is already over, or it's like, duh hasn't started even, you know, like, it's just like, doesn't matter to us anymore. It's almost like the majority, or at least like the cultural people that are taking up the most space Yeah. Are doing it over there. And you're like, right. But we have a thing too. Totally. And it's like done by, you know, after Thanksgiving. It's not as fun for, for me personally as a Jewish person. Right. But I love it that it's around the same time this year.


Yeah. This time it's like there's just a lot of potential to do some nice combinations. Yeah. You can't help but being a little resentful when you have someone else's holiday off. When you've already celebrated your holiday. You know what I mean? Yes. It's a little like, well, this is sitting in front of the tv. Yeah. This isn't like warming my soul in any way. Right. You know, What does, I was told by several Jewish friends that Hanukkah isn't the major holiday. Oh no, it's, it's like, it's just kind of thrown in there where it's like, yeah, we get one too. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I don't mean to say it like I shouldn't say it like that. We get too, but it's just not the, it's not the, it's not the Christmas of We get one too. Even though we had ours first. Right.


First book. And that has Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, there's other big ones, so. Right. But it's fun. But it's a fun one. What are they? Passover. Rosh Hashanah. Yom Kippor per Nice. There We go. She's, I was really calling, you know, onto Mat right there. You really were. That was the big test. You passed My bat mitzvah was the biggest of that. Aw. Is that true? No. Did you get one? Oh, I Had a bat mitzvah. Yeah. Oh, nice. Was it at like the local, you know, women's club or something? No, my mom was a property manager at the time for this like really nice apartment building in Venice Beach. Oh. And so they let her use the clubhouse for that.


Perfect. I know. It was great. That's great. No alcohol was allowed, which was like, now I'd be like, well, we can't have it there then, but yeah. You mean if you were your mom, you would've been like, yeah, I'm surprised she was cool at that Not having that. Should we do our latest December donation announcement? So, as you guys know, we've been making donations to these incredible charities all month long. We do it every December And we are so grateful to be able to do so. And that's because of you guys, our listeners. So for this, our final donation on Christmas Cut, we're gonna give $10,000 to an organization called Girls Inc. Their nonprofit that empowers girls to be strong, smart, and bold. And Since 1864, they've supported girls through mentorship and programs designed to help them overcome barriers and become confident leaders.


Girls Inc. Also advocates for policies that promote equity, giving every girl the opportunity to succeed. It feels like the time is now to be supporting things like Girls Inc. Yeah. And really telling women they're not second class citizens. In fact, they're very important. Yeah. You can do anything. Yes, you can. So if you would like to join us in Giving to Girls Inc, please go to their website@girlsinc.org. It's only the future of women in your Hands, nvd, NVD. And there are other ways to give. You can volunteer to become an advocate, start a fundraiser, or enroll with a local affiliate. It's all on their website. Girls inc.org. So let's keep showing up for each other in 2025.


This is how we're gonna do it. Yes. Let's, Yeah. Oh, speaking of, yeah, I have a little email. I think you'll enjoy. The subject line is Goth Cloth co on my favorite Murder. Is this a dream? Did I die? Am I a ghost? And it says Hello, MFM Ladies Critters, creepers Ghosts and Ghouls. Wowza. What a morning Jordan Cahill here, owner, founder, and designer for the brand Goth Cloth co. Yay. When I heard Karen not only say my brand's name this morning, but also my name on the podcast, I thought for a moment that I was dead, that this can't possibly be real. Can it? First and foremost, I just wanna express my insane gratitude that MFM would take the time to check out my company and my personal statement.


Long story short, I've been designing and making my own clothes since I was a kid. Oh my God. And when I got laid off as a creative director for a dog toy company that got bought out back in 2023, it was finally time to make my dream of having my own goth brand. A reality. What a dream to go from designing dog toys, which is awesome to begin with. And then being like, you know what I really wanna do? Can we get a line of goth dog clothes? I was just thinking, do you think Jordan May have been doing a little bit of that while she was at the dog toy company? Definitely. I mean, dogs see black and white, right? So like give them black toys And they also love 8 0 8 State, right? I mean, that's a band from when I was 20.


I'm not sure. Yeah. I Don't know. I'm Guessing if they can't, if they count Alejandro, will you see if I'm hip And we look that up, the rest is never in a million years did I think my favorite podcast would be sharing my brand with their community. I am floored, honored, blessed, and actually deceased. I started listening to MFM way back in 2016. Not quite a day. One listener, but close. I don't day one listener. I think people literally think they had to be there for the first episode. Yeah. It's like the same thing as hometowns. Like we, it is not hometowns anymore. We wanna hear any story. And day one listener means like, you know, early days. Early, yeah. Early-ish days. Although to be there on day one to Be an actual day One something else. So I think that's what Jordan's talking about. Yeah. But close as I started my work from home freelance journey after grad school almost nine years later, I continue to have so much love for Karen in Georgia.


They're the cool enlightened aunties that this southern goth always wish she had. Yes. When I heard the mini so story, find a Goth. I thought we have to repost this on the goth cloth page because one, it was so on brand for the community I've built and the alternative community as a whole, they really are the best folks. And two, and more importantly, LOL, it'll help me find other murders. Yay. I love, love, love that. It could help bring exposure to the show. And Nick Terry's work. And honestly, I just thought it was so cool that the story and message resonated with so many people. Goths rock. It's so sweet. From the bottom of my spooky heart. Thank you.


MFM Jordan. Yay. Isn't that the sweetest? I Love That. I do too. I, I was talking to Nick Terry at our holiday party just last week about the, about them reposting it, and he was so excited. And I was like, I knew that one would be a good one. Sometimes we'll start talking and I'll be like, this is gonna be a, this needs to be a Nick Terry. And then I'll go like, what, what should I do to make it easier for you? Right? And he was like, make things, have voices. Give voices to inanimate or, you know, random objects. So like that's our cue is like when you were talking about like a lockbox or a fucking money tunnel, we need to like give those voices. I love being a lockbox or whatever.


It's like that I'm not, I'm not performing for Nick Terry. He's not my director. I love Nick Terry in his face so much I got He's so Cute. He's a great man and a true Artist. Truly. Do you wanna do some ERM highlights real quick? Let's do it. Okay. We have a, we still, even on the first night of Hanukkah, we still have a podcast network called Exactly Right Media. Even now. Even Now in today's day and age. So here are some highlights. We have new videos, have you seen them? And would you like to see more? Well then join the fan cult And you will never miss anything ever again, ever in life. Visit fan cult dot super cast.com and get in on the action And you can follow us, please.


We really appreciate it. Our handle is exactly right on all social media. And there you'll get updates for shows like This Podcast Will Kill You and Ghosted by Roz Hernandez. Just give us a follow. It helps us out. Yeah. It helps everyone in the podcast world. Yeah. If we follow us. Yes. We can't follow you. It's too, it would be too hard. Also, please rate, review and follow all of our shows wherever you like to listen. Just if you listen on the, like iTunes app, when you're listening, it's there. You just don't pay attention to things like that. I don't for sure. But if you just look, it'll give you the opportunity to just hit five stars as you're Listening. Or there's like a little, a little heart. If you could heart that. Yeah. You just, that just helps us out a Lot.


Add to show follow. Show. Yeah. Follow, subscribe. S Something Along those lines. Get in there, you know, learn what your phone does. Please, Please, please.


Well, you Know that feeling where you don't wanna cook ever again for your entire life. If you're not interested in cooking, but you are interested in eating dinner, Hungry Root has you covered. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped in one. They'll take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored just for you. When you tell them about your goals and preferences, they fill your cart with personalized recommendations and those recommendations get smarter as Hungry Root learns more about what you did or didn't like. Most Of Hungry Root's recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less. I got a big old box of Hungry Root groceries. Some of it was to make these really quick, delicious meals. Some of it was already prepared meals like breakfast, I just need to grab and go. My brain won't work if I can't do that. And then also some really delicious groceries just to have on hand and snack and cook. And I mean, it really is like having a nutritionist who's your personal shopper and just delivers delicious, gorgeous food to you. It's a really great service. You're Gonna love Hungry Root. Take Advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungry Root dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. That's Hungry Root dot com slash mfm code MFM to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry Root dot com slash mfm. Code MFM Goodbye.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris. The cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally, space, even in an ev, the IION nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful ionic nine rear wheel drive. S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster with squarespace's. Built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and autogenerated site maps, you'll rank higher and search results globally. Go to squarespace.com/murder for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Well, do you want me to tell you a story? I'm eating the Christmas candy that's on the table. I I You get to, okay, good. Yes, Because it's my day. This is a short, a short one. Even though Asia decorated, we went all out, we're themed out, but it's just gonna be me telling a story on this one. Yeah. Karen Solo. I'm so excited about it. I can just chill out and eat fucking candy. Throw your feet as high up in the air as you can and Wave them around. Yeah. I Just like, like you just think it's Christmas and Hanukkah at the same time. I'm very, very excited about this story. Okay. Because I don't know if You know this about me, but I'm a real big fan of Aretha Franklin when I was in college is kind of when her greatest hits album came into my life and never left.


And I really, my favorite thing that I started doing, which I now have learned as a coping mechanism and a way to self-soothe your nervous system, is sing along with her album. Oh. Singing is a, is a kind of like a somatic healing practice. Sure. Which I never did personally. I think she's the greatest singer of all time. Yeah. She's really done it. If you've, if you've never done it, go onto YouTube and go into a Aretha Franklin video wormhole. You will not regret it. There's some unbelievable stuff, especially from like the sixties and seventies. Oh, that she did? Oh yeah. There's one thing where she made a video walking, it's like a live shot of her from a TV show, but she's walking down like side streets in Manhattan singing a song to camera.


Basically like, ugh. It's one of the my favorite things of all time. And it's like, it's got like a seventies plaid coat on and it's like seventies New York around her. Wow. It's the best. She also did the thing where she stood in for Pavarotti when he got sick, like last minute. She sang the song NEMA with a Full Orchestra opera. She sang opera. Holy Shit. Like she is a True, insane Talent. Yeah. And so I'm gonna tell you a little story related to that. I'll set the scene. Okay. It's 1969 in a packed club in Fort Myers, Florida. And the show tonight is guaranteed to be unforgettable. There's a sold out crowd of 1400 people buzzing with anticipation to see the one and only queen of soul, Aretha Franklin.


The lights go down and Aretha's introduced. But as she steps onto the stage, something feels a little bit off for a split second. This legendary performer actually looks nervous. Then she starts to sing And that voice is unmistakable. Everyone knows they're in the presence of a legend, except they're not. What this pact crowd doesn't know is that it's not Aretha Franklin that they're listening to and watching the woman on stage is an imposter. And she is here under duress. She's being forced to impersonate Aretha Franklin, and if she doesn't comply, it could cost her her life. The fuck.


This is the story of Singer Mary Jones. Oh my God. To Twisty turn. Wow. I was, this is my researcher Maryam Ian's suggestion, and I was just like, I feel really seen right now. Yeah. I feel really cared for right now. Yeah, for sure. Wow. Okay. Right. So the main source of today's research is reporting by a journalist named Jeff Mahe. And that includes a Smithsonian Magazine article that he wrote called The Counterfeit Queen of Soul, which is heavily cited throughout what I'm about to read you. He also did an episode of our friend Phoebe Judges podcast, criminal Nice.


In 2023. And that episode is called The Impersonator, and the rest of the sources are in our show notes. Okay. So it all starts in the early forties when Mary Jones is born in West Petersburg, Virginia. It's a small town, about 30 miles south of the state capitol of Richmond. And like so many incredible vocalists, Mary gets her start singing in the choir of her Baptist church. It's here that her reverend, a man named Billy Lee takes note of her incredible talent. Mary has an phenomenal, soulful voice and she's undeniably gifted. So Reverend Lee forms an all black gospel group called The Great Gate, and they perform at churches around the region.


And the reverend will later say, quote, I had to teach most of the folk in my groups, but there was one young lady I did not have to teach soul and quote. And that young lady is Mary Jones Mary spend six years performing with the Great Gate, and as she does, she sharpens her vocal skills by listening to Aretha Franklin records. Wow. Just like me. Oh my God. Except I didn't get better. I just kept singing the same way. Just got louder. Kind of like an Annie sings Aretha Franklin. Anyway, for context, this is the mid 1960s now Aretha is, she's huge. Of course. In 1967 alone, Aretha Franklin released Respect Natural Woman and Chain of Fools.


Wow. Just to name a few of the string of her mega hits like Wow. Incredible songs. Yeah. One after the other. So of course Mary Jones really admires Aretha. And as Jeff May notes quote, Aretha Franklin was a role model for so many women in that culture because she made it. She was scouted in a church, she'd been spotted singing gospel and had gone on to become an incredible success. Gold, platinum records, Grammys, she had all the trappings of success, the limousines, the fancy frocks. She was a superstar on the front cover of magazines, end quote. There's also an amazing clip where she walks on stage and drops her fur.


Like she's wearing this insane fur coat. And then she just kind of like drops it like it's an old robe. And you're just like, you're like, you're the queen. Yeah. You are a queen. Yeah. So Aretha's music injects so much joy and soul into Mary Joan's life, that she actually likes to run a speaker out of her house and into her yard, so that the people who live nearby can listen with her. Nice. As she sings along and belts out Aretha Tunes. And if you know Aretha's music, there's real heartache at the core of a lot of it. And Mary's life was no different by 19 69, 20 7-year-old Mary has been widowed once, then divorced from her second husband who was an abusive alcoholic.


So now she's raising four young sons as a single mom. Oh My God. Like not even 30. Yeah. Four young Sons. Sing, sing, sing. Oh, self suit. So for your supper, get it out. Yeah, exactly. Levi, as you were saying. So to earn some extra money, Mary starts taking gigs at local nightclubs. But because she's a very deeply committed member of her church, she has to keep that part of her life a secret. Mm. People drink, dance, listen to blues music at these clubs. Who knows what they get up to. Yeah. But It's all jazz, cigarettes, Jazz, cigarettes, hugs. It's all the things the Baptist church does not approve of for people's lifestyles.


So when Reverend Lee finds out about Mary's double life, he sneaks into a venue called The Mouse Trap to watch her sing a set. Oh dear. The Reverend sits in the dark corner, stone Colt sober of course. And he prays that what he watches Mary do, what she's about to do will not disappoint him. He tells himself, quote, don't lecture her, don't preach to her. She'll be all right. End quote, Mary has no idea he's there. And what Reverend Lee sees that night is a shock. She's introduced as Vicki Jane sometimes. She goes as Vicki Jones also, she walks on stage wearing a wig and a costume that all but completely disguise church going Mary Jones.


And she has morphed into an absolute diva, oh my God. With a backing band. Mary begins to perform all of the great Aretha Franklin hits, and she sounds exactly like her. Oh, wow. The crowd goes nuts. And we can only assume the Reverend did too. Oh My God. So then in January of 1969, Mary performs at a club in Richmond called The Pink Garter. These names are great. I mean, you know, the Reverend didn't go to the Pink Carter. No, he would never, he Would, the mouse Trapp Mouse, he can justify that Mouse trap's. Okay. Right. Yeah. And that show changes the course of her life because there she has a chance encounter with a singer named Lalle Hardy.


So Lavelle is a 24-year-old singer from New York City. He's a hairdresser by trade, but he's trying to break into the music business. And he has had some success. In 1968, he released a record that Jeff Ma describes as quote, a minor hit in the UK and quote, but the act that really gets him booked the most is the one where he sports a six inch Pompadour and Impersonates James Brown. Oh, wow. So Lavelle's situation is very similar to Mary's in that they're both making money covering the hit songs of famous vocalists. But there's a key difference. Jet Magazine later estimates that where Mary earns around 10 or $20 on a good night, which is worth around 60 in the sixties, 10 to 20, 150 Close, 85 to 170.


Wow. You're in the pocket. Okay. So that's how much she would be getting. Lavelle makes 200 a night. Oh My God. Which is $1,700 in today's money. Damn. That's pay your bills money. That's super pay your bills money. And it's like, was he a better singer than her? Right. Wonder why he's making so much more than her. I don't know. That's weird. So tonight at the Pink Garter Club in Richmond, Virginia, Lavelle watches Mary absolutely crush it on stage. He is blown away by her ability to channel Aretha both vocally and visually. Lalle will later say quote, she's identical from head to toe. She's got the complexion, she's got the look, she's got the height, she's got the tears, she's got everything.


Wow. As Lavelle witnesses, the incredible talent that is Mary Jones, he senses an opportunity he wants to take Mary on tour, but not as Vicki Jane or Vicki Jones. He knows that he can make way more money way faster. So for context and just for the young people who forget the years before the internet, they did exist. There was a time where you couldn't just look someone up with a click of a button. For most fans back then in like the fifties and sixties, knowing your, your, what your favorite musical artist looks like would basically be based on their album covers. Right. Maybe a three minute set on tv, maybe pictures and magazines.


If they're lucky enough to be able to afford a ticket, they might be able to go see them in person. Okay. But for the most part, fans recognize their favorite performers by their voices. Okay. So if someone's voice sounds like a well-known artist and they even slightly resemble them, it's not hard to pass them off as that famous performer back then. And for what it's worth, Mary didn't think she looked like a Aretha Franklin, Jeff Ma couches that she looked enough like Aretha for the scheme to work. But Mary was not like a dead ringer for Aretha. It wasn't like, yeah. It wasn't a full impersonation in that way. Like you had to have not known exactly what she looks like to to believe it.


Yes. Okay. And the kind of, I think it, it's an testament to the power of her voice because it would be like, is that, and then she'd start singing and, and then they wouldn't even worry about it. Yeah. Not only that, but as the fifties and sixties is a time when many performers, especially black artists, do not have enough legal power or protection. So impersonators start popping up all around the black music scene, billing themselves as the real deal to unsuspecting audiences. Mm. So that, I guess is like a common thing that happened back then. Wow. Yeah. And because you can make a lot of money off of a good impersonator, some of them even eventually have connections to organize crime. Like a system starts being put in place.


Right. Of how to find these people and how to like exploit and put these people on tour. Yeah. And everything like managing, but But it's shady. Yeah. So in his Smithsonian Magazine article, Jeff Mash mentions a guy named Roy Tempest, a London based promoter who collaborated with the New York Mafia to employ quote, the world's greatest singing postman, window cleaners, bus drivers, shop assistance, bank robbers, and even a stripper unquote, I wanna go to that party. Well, they were to pose as bands like The Temptations during European tours. Okay. Yeah. So they're maybe even a step further away. Yeah. And so it's just like all these wildly talented people that're like, okay, we'll send you over there.


Oh my God, you'll be the temptations. Amazing. Crazy. In other cases, the Es are actually sanctioned by the industry itself. One famous example of that is in 1955 in Alabama, when James Brown is sent to fill in for a double booked little Richard at the time, both artists share the same booking agent. So it basically became James Brown's job to impersonate the more famous little Richard when he couldn't be there. But there was one show where the audience caught on and they got really angry, and James Brown was literally performing back flips to appease him. Like, I'll just entertain you in another way. Can you Imagine going to a show and like you're mad that James Brown is the fucking like standin?


Are you kidding me? Yes. It's the, it's like the kind of people who, there's a lot of people who they go to a concert and they're only there for the band that they wanna see. Right. But there are the people who are love music and they're like, I could be there the first night that the next brown. You know? Exactly. Yeah. You wanna see that. Yeah. And you Be there for that. You need to not talk over the opener is what we're saying. Yes. Okay. So Lavell Hardy seems convinced that when it comes to impersonators, Mary Jones is the best of the best. But the night he sees her that first night at the Pink Guarder, he lays low and he comes to her next show the following weekend at a Richmond venue called the Executive Motor Inn.


So sexy. So sexy. Oh wow. Did they have a T-Bone steak night and everything. You can kind of have steak and then Aretha Franklin's there. Oh my God. So after Mary set that night, Lavelle approaches her and asks if she'd be interested in touring Florida with him. But Mary turns him down. She has hardly enough money to feed her family, let alone buy a bus ticket out of state. It just doesn't seem worth it to her. Mm. So Lavelle won't take no for an answer. He then calls Mary at her house, impersonating a booking agent for the real Aretha Franklin, and he offers Mary a thousand dollars to perform six shows in Florida as Aretha's Opening Act.


Okay. Six a thousand dollars. We're gonna go. Do you know How do you have it? Are you asking me to do long division? No, I'm asking you if you have the number. If I guess it. Oh, How much Thousand. Yes, I do have it. Okay, great. I thought you were saying like, how much would that be a night where I'm like, oh my God, how? No, no, no. I would never. I would never. And I won't ever, even though you asked me about Jewish holidays earlier, I would never you, You're right. You could have really countered right there and gotten your revenge Thousand. I'm gonna go 7,000, 8,000. Wow. Really close. Which is great money. It's like Such great money doing What you love, singing the songs of a person you adore. That's, that's like a dream. And when I, I hear four, four Sons, I just, I can't help but think about how much my one brother, my one skinny ass brother ate when he was a kid that would put like, the groceries would be gone the first night because of my brother's Yes.


Appetite. Yes. So have four that times four is fucking expensive. So expensive. Yeah. So it's good money. It's Mary's dream come true. Singing on the same bill as her idol, you know? Yeah. It's a payday. It's everything. My thing is this, and it's like when stuff like this happens, it's hard to be kind of a critical thinker, but why would anybody hire you to sing Aretha Franklin songs before Aretha Franklin comes out and sings her songs? I wonder if that was like a thing then. No, it'd be like one more time. And now one more time. The real one. Fair enough. Fair enough. Fair Enough. I don know. I think it steps on it a little bit. It's a question that that one would ask. It's like if you had two comics and like one was more famous and the first one did the exact same set and they're like, okay, here it is again.


But like better. Yeah, exactly. It doesn't make sense. You'd just be like, I think I actually liked the first guy better. Yeah. Like, okay, Fair Enough. So as Jeff Ma notes quote, she'd never seen married, never seen that amount of money in her life. So she went for it. She decided to take a risk and go open for the real Aretha. Incredible. So Mary leaves her kids with her mother and goes to a local lending company to borrow the bus. Fair. I know. Yeah. And she makes her way down to Melbourne, Florida. I wonder if they pronounce it Melbourne. Yeah. I wonder. I wonder. But when she arrives, she learns that Lalle does not work for Aretha Franklin.


Mary's not gonna be opening for Aretha Franklin. Instead she'll be impersonating the queen of soul for oblivious audiences. Hmm. Mary refuses to comply. She would later say quote that Lavelle threatened to throw me in the bay. Holy Shit. She doesn't know how to swim. And he said to her quote, your body can easily be disposed of in the water. Oh my God. Yeah. So she has no choice. Oh, how Terrifying. Yeah. Not only that, but she does not have the money for the bus fair home. I was just thinking that like she got enough. She thought she was gonna get paid, so she'd pay for the bus ride. Oh my God. Horrible. Yeah. And the trick of, I'm going to live my dream, you're not really focusing on like, what if something bad happens?


You're like, here I go. Totally. Ugh.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris. The cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap. Or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful ionic nine rear wheel drive. S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


If your idea of spring cleaning means getting rid of every single piece of furniture that you swore was temporary four years ago, article is here to help. Article makes it easy to create a stylish, long lasting home at an unbeatable price. And thanks to their online only model, they have some unbeatable prices too. Article offers a curated range of mid-century modern, coastal and scandy inspired pieces that not only shine on their own, but also pair seamlessly with other article products. This thoughtful approach to design makes it incredibly easy to mix and match, helping you create a space that feels cohesive and stylish. Article takes great care in curating its collection, focusing solely on high quality, meaningful pieces that will stand the test of time. There's no filler. Every item is chosen for its craftsmanship, design, and lasting value. An article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get a choose your delivery time, and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye


Temperatures are starting to rise, which means you're setting your baseline level of sweaty right now. And it only gets worse from here. That's Exactly why you need clothes that breathe look good. And we, we'll keep you together until September. That's Quince. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen shorts and dresses starting at $30 plus luck, swimwear and Italian leather platform. Sandals. The Best part, everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, Quince gives you luxury without the markup. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. It's that time of year where the weather's changing. And I realize how few short sleeve shirts I have, and I truly logged on to Quince this morning. They have all these beautiful linen shirts, all these beautiful cotton shirts, stuff where you're like, I don't wanna be hot and this is gonna help me so much. Beautiful linen in the summer is my favorite. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN ce.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye.


So now she's in an unfamiliar southern state as a black woman in the sixties, right? You're not gonna fucking hitchhike home. No. It's logistics. It's personal safety. Mary has no recourse. She's forced to go along with Lavelle scam. And it works. It works so well that Lavelle starts shopping Ms. Franklin around venues in small Florida towns, claiming to be her agent. He offers to book Aretha Franklin for just $7,000 a night, which would be worth about 2200 $60,000. That's what I meant. I know. In today's money Thousand, I meant 22,000.


Yeah, 22,000. But it's 60 shit. And even then, it's a steep discount from what the real Aretha is charging a night, which is more around 20 grand a night, which would be how much today? 360 1 70, Dammit. $170,000. She was making Holy Shit Bank. Yeah. So there's a guy that's like, do you wanna come to a small intimate show with? Right. You Know, you think that they would question it too. Right? Right. But they didn't. But I, I think it's a thing of like suddenly someone's going, do you, do you wanna go do the thing that you really wanna do and would love to do? It's real cheap. And you're like, yeah, I'd love to. But maybe the the owners like knew also were in on it also and then just didn't tell the patrons.


Right. You know? Absolutely. Could, could be. Yeah. I mean, you're gonna make bank because there's Probably a lot of mob business going around there, right. Where it's like, yeah, it could be. Don't fucking lie to me. Right. Also just like, Hey, it's nice to have a sellout night. Sure. It's nice to get some consistent money and sell all your drinks. Yeah. You know, Tip, tip your waitress. Yeah, please. So Lavell puts together a tour of small black clubs in Florida that he calls quote, the are the Aretha Franklin Review at her first gig. Mary goes on stage in a long yellow gown that Lavelle buys for her, it looks like a cheaper version of something the real Aretha Franklin might wear. She also wears a wig and very heavy makeup, but it's her voice that makes it all work.


Mary performs as Aretha, like her life depends on it because she thinks it does. The audiences are completely fold. Jet Magazine reports in 1969, quote when she's sang the second song, baby. Baby Sweet Baby. They roared as one. That's her, that's Aretha. They gave her a standing ovation at the end of the set. She's being held hostage and forced. And she's like, okay, watch this. Yeah. Like, she's like, well, there's nothing she can do about it. It's terrifying. That's incredible. And then she's actually getting to do a thing where she gets the vote jolt. Yeah. She gets the feeling. Wow. Okay.


That some of us are lucky enough to know where you're like, Yeah. Standing over. I felt that when Mary gets off stage, Lavelle doesn't want anyone to get too close of a look at her. So in case they put two and two together. So she's rushed outta the venue, she's rushed to a cheap motel room. Lavelle gets her a hamburger and just like hold her over to the next show. He doesn't give her any of the money that they earned that night. So she basically still has no way to get away. Even if she wanted to. She's been kidnapped. Yes. And this is how the tour starts. Jesus, once Mary performs a string of successful shows, Lavelle starts to get cocky. He decides to book Mary at bigger venues in larger towns, including the 1400 seat hi hat club in Fort Myers where this story began.


That show sells out. But it's a bigger town and there are more people in this crowd who have already seen Aretha Franklin perform live. Oh. So when Mary steps on stage, there are murmurings that something seems off. And Mary must have sensed this energy because she gets nervous and she'll later say quote, I wanted to tell everybody beforehand that I was not Ms. Franklin, but Lavelle said the show promoters would do something awful to me if they learned who I really was. Fuck. Yeah. So Mary eventually settles into the set and of course nails it. Once again, Jeff Mh writes this in his Smithsonian piece.


The hoodwinked conductor urged his band to play the Franklin song since you've been gone. And as it always did, the music transformed Jones with every note. Her fears melted away. She closed her eyes and sang her powerful voice. A mixture of Saturday night sin and Sunday morning salvation. Wow. That's such a good line. Yeah. Any doubters in the crowd were instantly convinced. End quote. So that's like, this is a true talent. This is a person who should be heard. Right. And like in whatever style that she wants to sing, the show is happening. Yeah. It's not like a person who's like, my face looks like her and I've got the right wig. Right. And then it's also Disappointingly kind of crappy.


Kind of Embarrassing. Yeah. Because there's, to me, there's nothing really more embarrassing than, than like mid singing when someone's just like, here we go. But like really believes in themselves. Yeah. That's why I don't believe in myself, and I Would Never Try. That's the best. When you have a voice like mine, that's the best course of action, you know? Right. I know my attributes and singing is not one of them. I mean, I feel like it's not like I can't sing, I just know you're A good singer. I, but there's so many people that are really, really good at singing or it's like, let them do it and I'll stay in my front room. No, You're one of the good ones. What are talking About? I'm not, it's not even like that. I'm just saying it's great to be good.


Yeah. But then you've got people who are either Aretha Franklin. Yeah. Or exactly like Aretha Franklin. Yeah. Or fucking Jennifer Hudson or Kelly Clarkson where like Yeah. That let them do, let them Got it. Let them do it. Yeah. I don't wanna do karaoke. Okay. So this gets even riskier. 'cause this set goes off without a hitch. So La Lavel decides to up the ante. Dude, Dude, stop it. He can't stop it. He books a 4,200 seat venue. Holy Shit. It's the Southeastern Livestock Pavilion in Ocala, Florida. You're a fucking no. Yep. Which to me You're it.


I feel like the Southeastern Livestock pavilion. Oh, The smell. It's, there's sawdust on the floor. Oh God. It's where you show your sheep at the fair. Like what are we doing? How big is this place? No. Like get the four H Club outta here because Aretha's coming In because, because Aretha's younger sister is coming in. Oh my God. When Ocala hears that, the queen of soul is coming, they flip out. Jeff m says quote, they stuck posters up all over town. DJs were talking about it in the local area. And it was gonna be one of the biggest shows of the year. He can't do That. He got too far out over a skis. Yes, exactly. But of course all this publicity has consequences.


It turns out the real Aretha Franklin is on vacation in Miami at Shut the Fuck Up. Oh no. And she is like, wait a minute. Even though this is hundreds of miles south of Ocala, she even hears about it like it's that the murmurings of She's Around. Wow. And she hears the gossip about, she's about to play a live show in Ocala. Okay. So she calls her attorneys, they call a prosecutor and they call that prosecutor just in time. 'cause it turns out the prosecutor had two tickets to the fake Aretha Franklin show. Holy shit. So now investigators are on the case. They trace the scheme back to Lavelle Hardy, and at this point he's booked nine shows in Florida as part of this Aretha Franklin review guy.


He's like, gotta get that bag while you can. Yeah, sure. Fine. In any way possible. Ugh. So Lavelle and Mary are both arrested and put in jail for suspected fraud. And of course, the story makes national news. Lavelle Hardy is handed false advertising charges and given a $500 bond, which is about a $4,000 bond today, Mary meanwhile tells police that she's not in on this scheme. She's been kidnapped, she's been held captive by Lavelle, And that she's only basically been fed a few hamburgers. Oh my God. Let me guess. They don't believe her. Well, to which Lavelle responds, quote, there wasn't anybody standing over her with a gun and a knife.


She wasn't forced to do anything. And about those hamburgers, we all ate hamburgers. Not because we had to, but because they taste good. End quote. Don't you think that's very just one of, one of those personality types? Or it's like, first of all, you're saying it's no big deal and she wasn't forced. But now you're arguing the weirdest point of this story. Yeah. And now you're like arguing it. Like that's also Important. Right. And if I can prove that part wrong, then the rest of it's somehow wrong too. Yeah. When that's not the case. Right. Yeah. Luckily the prosecutor believes Mary Jones and her side of the story, and he, the prosecutor later tells Jet Magazine quote, I wanted to protect this girl. It was obvious she was a victim.


I asked her to sing like Ms. Franklin, and she did it in the courtroom just like her. But she has a sound and a style of her own. She has talent too. No doubt about that. Wow. The prosecutor, That's pretty moving. I know. They're like, she's been taken advantage of. Yeah. So now Lavelle, who's been sitting on a ton of cash, all the cash they made from these shows winds up giving most of that money, which is around $7,000 to an attorney. And that attorney then convinces prosecutors to turn him loose and he immediately leaves Florida. Mm. That means Marian never gets the money she was promised or any money at all for her performances. And so she doesn't have any money to get a lawyer, but luckily she's let off the hook by none other than Aretha Franklin herself.


Yes. Aretha only wanted Lall Hardy to be held criminally liable. Mm. So she like, they come to her basically and say, you wanna press charges? I guess. Yeah. And then she's like, not against her. Yeah. But Mary's problems don't end there because she's right back where she started. She doesn't have a penny to her name, and now she has no way to get back to her family in Virginia. Oh my God. And this is where the story takes another turn. One of the many people following this story is a white lawyer from Jacksonville, Florida named Ray Green. And like Hardy once did, Ray clearly senses an opportunity with Mary, but unlike Lavelle, he pitches himself as an above board business manager, and he offers her fi a $500 advance right on the spot so she can get back to Virginia.


Huh. Then he promises to take her on a nationwide tour performing as herself. Okay. So it takes a little while, but Ray is able to earn Mary's trust. And within weeks of meeting him, Mary is booked on her own tour and finally earning some serious money. Hell yeah. Performing Under the name Vicki Jane. Mary gets as much as $1,500 a performance. And that is how much in today's money You already told me. Seven, tell me $13,000 a show. Holy shit. And these audiences are excited to see the Aretha Franklin imposter that they've been reading about.


Yeah. In the news there's, That's your press that you already Got. Yes. You did it. No such thing as bad press. So back in New York, Lall Hardy's trying to stretch his 15 minutes of fame. He gives an interview declaring that he's looking for an agent, saying quote, the news is now nationwide and everybody wants to see Vicki and everybody wants to see me. Oh My God. But as Jeff Mash points out, quote, nobody cared about Lall Hardy after a week, this is my favorite line, we're still in the quote, about a week after his boast, he was back on stage at the Pink Garter. Oh. Oh. Always taken back that that old pink garter. You Fall all the way back down to the pink Garter.


Mary, on the other hand, is going strong several weeks after first making the news, she then catches the eye of the legendary Duke Ellington. Ooh. He recognizes her musical gift and he invites her on stage to sing with him at a show in Florida. Shit. She wears that same yellow dress. Yes. She wore impersonating Aretha earlier that year, and a photographer snaps a picture of the two together and Jet Magazine uses it in a feature about Mary. That Detail that she wore. That dress is such a great, fuck you. Yep. So good. It's so good. Oh my God. Duke Ellington becomes something of a mentor to Mary, and he urges her to quote break out of the Aretha thing.


He even offers to write six songs for her. She's of course, very eager to get outta the shadow of Aretha Franklin. And she desperately wants material that reflects her own life, and she will later say, quote, I've got my own bag. The way I feel is that people can buy Aretha for Aha and they can buy Vicki Jane for Vicki Jane. It's gonna be hard, but nothing's gonna stop me from making it. As a singer, I wanna do songs strictly about me. How I got started and how I love everything I write will be based on my life. I think people will be interested. Beautiful. Yeah. And they really are. Mary is now flying on jets for the first time to do shows in places like Las Vegas.


Wow. Jet Magazine also reports that in early March of 1969, quote, A hungry singer in Richmond, Virginia is pretending to be Vicki Jones, and she did brisk business for a time. Holy Shit. Mary Jones gets her own imposter. Amazing. So Mary tours for a year and earns some serious cash. But back at home, her mother is no longer able to care for her boys, and they wind up living with Mary's ex-husband. He wastes no time in telling the children that their mom abandoned them And that she'd never come back for them. Mary's son, Gregory becomes so distraught that he changes the station.


Anytime an Aretha Franklin song comes on the radio, but when Mary gets back to her hometown of West Petersburg, she's there for a performance and she's eating in a local diner. When two of her sons run into the restaurant, the boys see their mom and they scream for her. And the waiter tries to shoo them away thinking that they're fans. And Mary yells, Hey, those are my babies. And this whole experience is so awful for her that she quits her singing career on the spot. Wow. She stays in Virginia. She fights to get full custody of her sons, and she devotes the rest of her life to raising them. Oh my God. She just stops.


Yeah. Mary Jones never takes the stage again. What? She goes back to living a private life. She died in the year 2000 in her late fifties, and her incredible story fades into obscurity. And then decades later, writer Jeff Masch stumbles upon the story. He tells Phoebe Judge of the criminal podcast quote, when her son Gregory agreed to talk about his mother. He was so emotional and so happy that someone finally called him because he'd obviously been telling this story over the decades, but people wouldn't believe it. Holy shit. I know. So even beyond her brush with fame in the late 1960s, which is certainly extraordinary.


Mary's boys remembered the little things about their mother, how she sang her favorite songs while doing stuff around the house, and yes, they were often Aretha Franklin songs or how she kept her issue of Jet Magazine, in which she was pictured with Duke Ellington as a reminder that her sons could quote be anybody they wanted to be. Jeff Mahe adds quote, Mary's sons told me that she wanted to be Aretha so much, but they always saw her as mom. They just loved being around their mom. By the late 1960s, right around the time Mary was forced to perform in Florida, American households started getting color TV en masse and access to shows like Soul Train, which regularly featured Motown Superstars making ripping off performers all the more difficult.


Yeah, and today, of course, with the internet and social media and everything, the once viable imposter scheme is pretty much all but impossible to pull off. And that's the incredible story of Mary Jones, a world-class vocalist worth remembering for who she was. Holy shit. How about that? How about that? Merry Christmas, happy Hanukkah. It's A Hanukkah miracle. Oh my God. Light a candle for Mary Jones. That's Right. Jesus. Right. I had never heard that. That is incredible. I've never heard that. I can't wait to the photos of that. Yeah. Wow. Great job. Thank you. Great solo story, Right?


It gave us everything. Yeah. It had to be. It had to be, you know, solo. It was meant to be As she's supposed to be solo as well. That's right. Wow. All right. Well, great job. Thank you so much. Thank You guys all so much for listening. Thank you. I hope you're either having a great holiday that you had one already, that you're going to have one for the next eight days, Or listen maybe a great new year instead. That's fine. Yeah, you might need to just go out in the woods somewhere and not have any holiday at all. That sounds Great. That sounds not for me, but Perfect. Do what you need to do. We're here for you unless you don't want us to be, that's fine too. Yeah, we'll Leave you alone. You wanna shut your door?


We Can totally leave you alone, honey. Come downstairs. Oh no. You don't Have to. Don't have to stay in your pajamas like we support it. We love you in whatever room you're in. I told Nora that one time. Aw, Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye La Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Lianna Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com.


Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite murder. Goodbye. Goodbye


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities. Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services who various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod Meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids tech. I am saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text, and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stalk their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and Child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com.