
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


If you've got a million tabs open in your brain at all times. You don't need a wireless service that slows you down Visible, Gives you unlimited data and a fast, reliable connection so you can keep scrolling until your fingers fall off. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the go. Ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed by clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The Results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver MD. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye.


Hello. Hello And welcome to My favorite murder 2025. It's 2025. That's dr. That's Karen Kilgar. 2025. It's 2025. Is that a good number? Is that a lucky number? How do we feel about that? Okay. Oh, oh, the Numerologist love 2025. Do they? Okay. Yes, because if you add all of that up, it goes to nine and nine is the power number for girls that wear black nail polish for girls that wear glasses for girls that like books. Crystals do. We have a lot of crystals going on. Lot of crystals. Nine is the number of crystals. Okay. And you, you should have nine crystals on your window sill.


Oh Shit. Okay. I'll get on that. Okay. We're recording this before the new year so I can get on that and do it. Yeah, that was all, that was all acting, all that Happy New Year stuff. It was just, we're tricking, you know, we're here to trick, you know, Show biz baby. Yeah. Get used to it. Drink your tiny coke and Can't I have a tiny sip every time we're supposed to be talking? Well, I've had a fucking energy drink that hasn't hit me yet. So Do you better chug that thing? Is it a Celsius? No, no. It's just like one of those shots Celsius. Oh. Please put your finger up like this when it hits. Not the like good. Kind of like medicinal suck you up, takes yours off your life kind.


And I love those. It's like one of the like juice juices with caffeine. Oh, Your Face. I mean, I just immediately when you're like the kind that fucks you up, it just reminds me of buying those big black pills on the counter at seven 11. Remember those like last minute impulse buy, they Call 'em trucker speed, right? Yeah. Trucker speed. But like, who knows what it looked like It was made of ashes, like old charcoal briquettes. And they're like, yeah, you'll totally get a bunch of energy from This. That's right. And no, do remember crushing up? Don't, don't do that everyone. No, listen, we're from the nineties. We're allowed to crush pills up and snort them. We, we've done that. We did it for you. It burns.


Don't do it. Yeah. If you're a youngster that has a real problem with millennials and Gen Xers, then then Heed This Advice. Yeah. Stay away from that shit. Just stick to your y mate. That's Right. Because you're you're doing it right. Just you're It's fine. You're fine. Oh my God. I can't believe we survived in the nineties. God damnit. I used to eat those fucking swallow those gigantic horse pills that were black to somehow think that it was going to like speed me up and like, do what? Be exciting. I think I was trying to do some sort of dumb diet thing. Oh, always. Where it's like, if I eat these, I won't eat spaghetti. It's just like, You know what?


Just eat. You know what spaghetti, You know, eat the spaghetti. Eat the fucking spaghetti. Especially now more than ever, eat the Spaghetti. Oh, sure. Especially that's that kind that's got, that's made from lentils. What? You know that? No. Yeah, there's so no. Yeah, yeah. No, no. You refuse. I I will not. It's my brand. I made it. You didn't know that. I started a lentil soft Oh, I'm so sorry. Company. I love the hard stark lentil noodle company. Try them today. George's a gonna be a vegan in 2025. That's correct. It's her new thing. Yep. All things vegan. Did it? Is it working yet? Am I awake? It's, it's weird to go from nap to energy drink to podcasting.


Yeah. I think it's cool. It's kinda like it's the dark triad. Yeah. Put your finger up like this when you start to feel it. Okay. Okay. You'll know you. It'll be me. It'll be like the real me All the time. There she is. There She is. There she is. There's the reason she needs social breaks because she just gives it all Into that microphone. So we're still on break this episode, which means only one story today. But I'll make it powerful, I promise. Yeah. Georgia loves acting and she loves storytelling. She's kind of a folklorist In her free time. I'm kind of like the epitome of the number nine. You're such a nine. Hi, It's me.


I'm nine, It's me. Hi. I'm the nine. It's me. I'm the nine. It's me. So we hope everyone had a good holiday and a good New year. New Year's Eve. Oh my God. I hope you had the worst New Year's Eve. I hope you drank so many wine coolers around 10 and then around 11 you were like, I fucking gotta throw up. I have to. Oh, my little gold dress is gonna be ruined. Oh, That's spaghetti. I ate for dinner. It's gone. The girls told me to eat the spaghetti and that's gone. They made me eat this. The lentil spaghetti and now it's back.


Heart strike brand lentil spaghetti Sure is sure comes up gross. There's a tiny picture of your face on the package, making a face like, I don't like this. Oh. Like I wouldn't Eat, I wouldn't fucking eat this eating this if I was you. Seriously? I have Had to eat a lot of gluten-free stuff with Nora. Right. And yeah, there's some that's like shockingly delicious. I know. And then there's some that you're like, I need, I need a washcloth to get this out of my mouth 'cause it's so gross. Crazy. Yeah. Some of the desserts are like fucking incredible. You'd never know. Yeah. You could never tell the Difference. I'd only accidentally eat it or buy it. I wouldn't do it on purpose. You wouldn't seek it out. No.


Okay. We have a couple Exactly right. Media highlights. This is our podcast network. Exactly right. Media. And here's highlights.


Okay. So don't tell your dad we said this, but we think you should join our fan cult so you can get access to all of these crazy new videos that we're making. You get a $20 credit to our store and much, much more. So go over and visit fan cult dot super cast.com and get it on the action. 'cause there's a lot of action. There is a Lot of action.


And if you have a moment, please go follow us on social media. Our handle is at exactly right on all platforms. And you can get updates on all of our podcasts, including I said No gifs and Ghosted by Roz Hernandez. And if you would like to prove you love our podcasts, make it your New year's resolution to rate, review and follow us and them and everything. Exactly right. Wherever you like to Listen. Yeah. Next time you're like in a waiting room and you're like, I don't know, I'm so sick of Instagram or whatever. Just go to your podcast app and give that little heart a tap on your favorite podcast. 'cause it really does make a difference. It makes a huge difference. And then just go through and kind of like, you might want to delete some pics in your phone. It just, let's clean that phone up.


I guess rate reviewing and subscribing is kind of like our like semi-annual report or what's it called When you get like That's right. A work like a, A performance review. That's it. Thank you. Yes. Think of it as a performance review and like it doesn't really matter, but also it does matter. They can use it to fire you in the future if it's not good. So like we need a positive performance review in the form of rate review and subscribe. Yeah, that's right. You can really, you can really push the needle in the positive direction. Sure. Or the negative. I mean, listen, we might have pissed you off. You might be vegan. Listen, Free will baby. It's your life. Do what you want. You know, we don't boss in that in that way, but we do suggest strongly with a kind of mean look in eye.


That's right. With a fist raised Re review and subscribe.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris. The cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap. Or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful ionic nine rear wheel drive. S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ionic nine is for you. Learn more about the Ionic nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And That's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to squarespace.com/murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air And that means open windows outdoor plans and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with simply safe With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional Security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard Outdoor Protection, simply say it's monitoring agents closely. Watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The Cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's Simplisafe.com/ FA. There's no safe, like simply safe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay. This is one of those episodes where there's just one story and this is one of those episodes where it's just George's story. How happy about that are you? I Love it so much. I know. Isn't it weird when you're like, I gotta record today. I don't have to do jack shit today. I don't, I don't. You know, whatt have to do say a bunch of bullshit about the nineties at the top. I continually divert the conversation into a weird direction. Yeah. And, and boom, that's podcasting. And you've, We go a podcast Five stars. It's a great hobby if you can get it. So, okay, so I am doing a classic cold case. You know, that's my obsession, your passion. And this one specifically is a cold case that many people are obsessed with and it's still being actively investigated.


Up until recently, there was even a little break. And this is one of Iowa's biggest unsolved mysteries. This is the story about a young TV news anchor who disappeared in 1995. This is the story of Jodi Hus Intru. You know what I'm talking about? No, I've never heard this. You'll know when I start to tell you because it's like one of those ones that are like, how hasn't not been solved, but also how is there such a small amount of evidence? And so everyone's able to like put their own theories on it. There's groups of people who have certain theories. There's like people fighting each other about whose theory is right. Hmm. So I have mine. I wanna hear yours at the end of this. I'll fight everybody.


I know you will. And so I'm ready for that. So the main source I used for the story is an episode of 2020 called Gone at Dawn. And the rest of the sources can be found in the show notes. And if you watched any of these true crime shows, you've seen this case probably. Okay. So this is the weird part of the story. It's four in the morning on June 27th, 1995. And we're in Mason City, Iowa. Mason City is a small city of about 29,000 people. It's up by Iowa's northern border with Minnesota about halfway between Minneapolis and Des Moines. So it's like a smaller town outside of the big cities. Every once in a while when we talk about a state and then we, you say something like that where it's like, it's up by Minnesota.


And then I'm like, I absolutely thought those two states were nowhere near each other. And I'm like, you think I Wrote this? This is fucking Allie. This is fucking my researcher Ally Elkin giving me details. I didn't fucking know that. I went on a map and I was like, Wow, you know what? I'm gonna get you and me for Christmas in Christmas, past Christmas future. I'm gonna get us the United States map place mats, and then we are going to know these states by heart children in one year. Okay, Perfect. So here we are. For most people in Mason City, it's the middle of the night, it's 4:00 AM Like who is at that early? But for 27-year-old Jodi who's in tr, it's time to wake up and get ready for work. Mm. Because she is an anchor for the morning show on the local TV network.


KIMT tv. Wow. She's a newscaster and she's supposed to be getting into the office at this point to prepare for the show. Do her hair and makeup, get ready to go on at 6:00 AM So ouch. Oh my God. Who chooses that life? I would just be fired immediately. So difficult. Yeah. Also because like then you have to go to bed at nine 30 probably. Right. And you have to make sure no one wakes you up. Yeah. So that you can get your full night's sleep. Sure. There's no insomnia. You're not allowed to have insomnia, which causes my worst insomnia when I can't, I'm not allowed to have insomnia, you know? Yeah. The the pressure's on. Yeah. Like go to sleep right now. Yeah. You have to be a very disciplined, like, reliable obviously person.


The one thing I do love about that though, of getting up and being that kind of morning person, first of all it's badass. Yes. So they're, you know, you're really doing it and you're in it And you have a Dream and you're like doing all these Yeah. It's this incredible dream. Living your dream. Yeah. But then you're also out with like people who deliver newspapers. Yeah. The per the guy that works at the donut shop. Totally. Like a very select group of people are up in the morning when it's still dark. Yeah. And it's a cool, it's cool to like dip into that. But then See this, this story reminds me that it's still nighttime and the creeps are still out. Like I guess that's of course this time of night is a really, is like when people break into cars a lot.


Mm. Like if there's still nefarious shit going on And you think, well it's my morning, so everything's fine, but it's like still dark out and it's deceiving, you know? Yeah. Middle of the night in a lot of ways. Yeah. Like I don't think you're, you're as alert because it's your morning. Hmm. But it's really dark out still. So Jodi's originally from Long Prairie, Minnesota, she's been working as an anchor at the TV network for two years, though she's only lived in Mason City for a relatively short time. Jody has lots of friends, she's bubbly, she's social, she's outgoing as I think you kind of have to be to be a female newscaster it seems like. Yeah. I think that would be part of your makeup. Yeah. It's Like you and the head of the sales team, like you guys are all like, yeah. To have this personality that I've always been like, how do you do that?


You know? Yeah. The outward facing kind of like, good morning Mason City. Yeah. I made cupcakes. When did you fucking make cupcakes? I know. She's pretty much exactly what you'd imagine a young TV news anchor to be. She's got this like kind of blonde bob, she looks to me like a cross between Belinda Carlisle because she's also got the like nineties. You know, Bob kind of big teased Bob Cut. She looks a little bit like Britney Spears as well. So cute dimples, like really beautiful. Exactly what you'd think of. And so the problem right now at 4:00 AM is that Jody isn't at work yet as she should be. So the show's producer, a woman named Amy Kons calls Jodi at her apartment.


The two women both have to be at the studio well before fucking crack of dawn. So they have an agreement to call each other by 4:00 AM if one of them isn't at work to kind of watch each other's back. Mm. And make sure no one's overslept. Nice. So here's where our story differs from every other story we tell. That begins this way. Jodi actually picks up the phone. Oh. And Amy's call has woken her up when she's supposed to be at work. So Jodi asks time, it is. Amy tells her and Jodi, you know, scramble, she says, I'll be right there and hangs up. And it should take Jody about 10 minutes to get to the studio. She has like a bag that she brings. She'll do her hair and makeup while she prepares for the show. So she's running late, but she still has time to scramble and get there.


Okay. But at four 30, Jody still isn't at work. Amy calls again and this time she gets Jody's answering machine. And at 5:00 AM Amy calls one more time, still gets no answer. And at this point Amy is scrambling to put together a show without Jodi, but it's like, not on her mind that something is wrong. She just figures she fell back to sleep. She had woken her up the first time. Amy winds up going on for Jodi when the morning show starts at 6:00 AM and when the news director gets into the office at 7:00 AM and the staff tells him Jodi never showed up, he immediately calls the police and asked to go check on her. So when the police get to Jodi's apartment, they first check inside, nothing seems amiss. But when they go back outside to look at her car, which is a red Mazda Miata, which is so cute for a young working woman to have, you know, it's still in its parking spot, but there are signs of a struggle and there are some photos from this and it's just like chilling.


You know? It's chilling to me too. When you said that the news director immediately called the police because the news director has been in the news for I'm sure a long career. Right? So anybody else that's just kind of paying attention to other things that news director is like. I know these stories were calling the police. I've seen some shit. Totally. Oh, and like even if she had like fallen back to sleep when Amy called her by 7:00 AM she'd probably have been awake by then and freak and freaking out. Yeah. 'cause you have that kind of early morning Yeah. Internal alarm clock. Totally. So here's what's going on with the scene. The driver's side mirror on the car is bent backwards. Jodi's belongings are scattered on the ground. Like there's a pair of red pumps that have essentially fallen off her feet, a pair of earrings, a can of hairspray and her hair dryer.


Remember she probably had her like go bagg with her to get ready at work. So she was probably on her way to her car to go to work to finish getting ready. And something happened outside of her car on the ground. Investigators also find the key to Jodi's car. It's, it appears to be slightly bent and on the ground, near the car, investigators find what looks like drag marks, like these little indentations that look like someone's being dragged. And investigators also find one partial hand print on the outside of the car. And I mean, so there's a lot of scenes that you hear about that don't give any clues as to what happened, which really delays someone getting searched for.


And I think that all this evidence there is almost this lucky thing because they know immediately something's wrong. Like I've been reading about JC Duggar's abduction and it was just gone without a trace. Yeah. Nothing left behind. And that's just almost worse because you have nothing to go on. But here you have evidence to go On and like a little window of time. Right. Where it's like, oh, I had talked to her here. Yes. And then I knew she was running to her car. Totally. It had to be between this time and this time. Yeah, totally. Yeah. And I think everyone who's obsessed with this case is like, for me personally, it's like the answer's somewhere in here, in this little area and window of time. But so the apartment complex where she lives, you know where the parking lot is, is a group of two story mid-century type buildings.


Three neighbors from the complex said that they heard a scream at about 4:30 AM Of course no one called the police one witness reports that they specifically heard a woman scream, leave me alone. Do you like, do you have what I have where it's like, I thought I heard one gunshot, but I don't know. And so you don't call the police. Right? And it's like, I don't, it doesn't sound, I mean, this is LA so some people are like, what are you fucking talking about? Yeah. But every once in a while you hear a gunshot in LA Yes. In your neighborhood. Yeah. For Sure. That's definitely happened. But you wouldn't you, what would you say to the police when you called? You would be like, I heard what I think is a gunshot. And they'd be like, okay, anything else?


Yeah. And they would hang up on you because they literally don't Right. Help you. A lot of the time, If I heard a woman scream in the middle of the night though, I think then I would And say, leave me alone. And you would at least, I would love it if there were more dudes that were like, I gotta go out there and at least go at least look Totally like that hometown we read recently where the dad like caught her and ran inside and fucking caught. Remember? Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. I think that Vince and I, we were fucking woken up at four in the morning by a woman screaming would fucking take care of shit and call the police. Take Some action for sure. Take some action and also call the police. Yeah. Yeah.


You know, don't mind your own business. That's like rule number one, Mind your own business up until a point. Yeah. And then when business gets scary and dangerous. Yeah, go ahead and don't mind your own business. Right. A scream is a cry for you to butt in to my business, you Know? And as a woman, you can stay in your apartment and start calling the police. Totally. You don't have to go outside. Okay. PSA, now We have that out. I mean, PSA that we're making up based on something we wish very badly didn't happen. Yeah. So curiously, another witness who lives across the hall from Jodi says she heard a commotion outside Jodi's apartment the night before. She says she heard a man banging on Jodi's door saying, open the door.


I know you're in there. But that said, this person tells this story like weeks or months later, not immediately after Jodi's disappearance. So it's hard to like really pin down exactly what happened. So while police are still at Jodi's building, a friend of Jodi's comes over and says that he believes he was the last person to have seen her. This man's name is John. I'm not gonna say his last name, but it's, You know, all over the internet. And he's older than Jodi. He's 49, so like 20 years older than her. But the two really do seem to be close friends. He had recently thrown a surprise party for her 27th birthday. And the night before she disappeared, he says she had gone to his house to watch a home video from that party.


And there's actually a problem though, with this sequence of events. And here's another camp that believes that this guy fucking totally did it. So the day before Jodi disappeared, she had played at a charity golf tournament. That tournament was followed by dinner at the country club. And Jodi had been at that dinner, multiple people report that she had left dinner at 8:00 PM But John maintains that she came over after the dinner to watch the video. The video was about 15 minutes long. But investigators know that Jodi made a long distance phone call from her apartment at 8:24 PM So this timeline doesn't add up. Right. Jodi wouldn't have had time to get to John's from the dinner, watch the video, and then drive home in time to place the call.


So it's just this weird discrepancy And, sorry, it was his story that that's that was the timeline. No, it was His story that she came over. Yeah. And that is the actual timeline. Right. So it's like, I don't know if they confronted him or not, but they're like, you know, this doesn't add up. Which to me is like super suspicious. Right. But why would he offer that info if it wasn't true? That's the question. Because he's trying to hide something. Right. But John makes himself available to the police. He's generally very cooperative. And other friends of theirs confirmed that they were just friends. There was nothing weird going on. But of course the relationship raises eyebrows. And John goes on multiple local news segments in the wake of Jodi's disappearance.


You know, talking about her saying he had nothing to do with it. He tells police and local news media that he had been asleep when Jodi was abducted, which is understandable. It was four in the morning. And a friend of his says that she went on a walk with him that morning from six 30 to 8:30 AM Is it weird that I'm like, well, I could see them being friends if they were both in aa. 'cause that's like, that's the only time you meet like older people. I feel like in aa, that's So specific. It is. You might as well say, that's the only time I've ever met anybody owner. Honestly. Like, yeah. Oh, you've been in the program for a long time. Like, let's hang out. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. In another TV interview, John mentions that he named his boat after Jodi.


Hmm. It's unclear whether he did this before or after her disappearance. It's Not after. It's not after. That would be insane. But why Before that? To me, that's insane too. Like you're naming your boat after a friend of yours. Well, I don't know is which one. I'm just saying which one's weirder. Yeah. I think after she, your friend disappeared and you're like, great, I'm gonna go name a boat after her after, To me is like a tribute before, to me is an obsession. I hear you. And I raise you after is making it about you. Hmm. Where it's like, I name, because all you're doing is pointing out to other people that you named your boat after her. But someone who would kill someone and doesn't understand how things look, would think that it's like a way to be like, see, I'm honoring her memory.


Like, look how normal this is. Yeah. I don't think they'd understand how, and I agree. It's fucking creepy. I feel like either way it's creepy. Yeah. What are you doing? No, what? When's the last time you heard someone? Unless it was their child or their grandchild? Totally. I don't know. No, It's, it's odd. It raises flags. You know what it is? I don't like if he did do it, I don't Like if he didn't do it, that's how I feel about this story right now. Yeah. He's of course treated as a person of interest for years. He's taken two polygraphs and police will not discuss whether or not he passed. He says that he did. And Jodi actually kept a journal and she mentions him in it often. And she writes about having fun with him on a recent water skiing trip and has nothing negative to say about him.


But I don't fucking tell the truth in my journal. Do you? I don't have a fucking journal. I have a once in a while journal when I feel like it, I wanna go find it and read it. Exactly. That's why I don't fucking sell 'em the truth, anything. No, But you take the time to lie. I'll write like thoughts that I have at the moment, but I won't write like deep details and secrets. Yeah. You know? Okay. You're just more like recording stuff that happened, Not recording stuff that happened. Just getting whatever thought is in my head out, but no details. Got it. So he read it. It might not make any sense to you. I always felt like you were beholden to tell like deep feelings and secrets in a journal. That's why I'd always be like, I should start doing this for my mental health.


And then literally two days later I'd be like, throw it over my shoulder For me. And I'm betting for you too. Growing up with a sibling means that you don't write jack shit in a fucking diary or they're gonna read it and make fun of you and hold it over your head for the rest of your life. Absolutely. Do You know that my sister, one time I wrote a letter, a boy that I went to camp with wrote me a letter when we got home. I had a huge crush on him and I wrote a letter back to him and my sister went and took it out of the mailbox. Oh Wow. Because she Knew. She knew it was like the wrong move. And actually did she Start re Oh she, that was nice. I know. But of course I was like, I didn't know until, and then she told me like two years later, she's like, you never, because I was like, oh my God, I sent in the most embarrassing letter.


She goes, no you didn't. But what if that had been like heartfelt and real? She was at camp. That's so she knew how not real it was. Oh, okay. Yeah. Wow. That's actually really touching. She was, Laura was the, She Was looking out. She the meanest, she the most loving older sister of all time, which she was, please stop acting like this. And I'd be like, I'm not going to. And then she'd be like, okay, you're Gonna have to keep following me and picking up my trash along the way. Everything's a show. Come and fix it.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris. The cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap. Or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful iion nine rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Iion nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


Temperatures are starting to rise, which means you're setting your baseline level of sweaty right now. And it only gets worse from here. That's Exactly why you need to close that. Breathe look good. And we'll keep you together until September. That's Quince. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You Can grab a hundred percent European linen shorts and dresses starting at $30 plus luck, swimwear and Italian leather platform sandals The best part. Everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, Quince gives you luxury without the markup. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. It's that time of year where the weather's changing. And I realize how few short sleeve shirts I have and I truly logged on to Quince this morning. They have all these beautiful linen shirts, all these beautiful cotton shirts stuff where you're like, I don't wanna be hot and this is gonna help me so much. Beautiful linen in the summer is my favorite. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye


Cat. People don't mess around when it comes to their pets. I've seen them act that way on the internet. So if You're serious about your cat, it's time to start using a litter that loves cats as much as you do. Pretty Litters. The high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty rou ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. It's The cat litter that gives you peace of mind. Their crystals will change color to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infections and kidney issues. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I love that you get this like small box of cat litter and you're like, that's not gonna last me long. And I know that because it doesn't make my back hurt when I carry it into my cat box area. But lo and behold, it's such good litter that one bag does last up to a month. It's so crazy. It's such good litter. It makes your house not stink. It's all the things Dream come true. Right now, save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy@prettylitter.com slash mfm. That's pretty Litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Pretty Litter cannot detect every feline health issue or prevent or diagnose diseases. A diagnosis can only come from a licensed veterinarian. Terms and conditions apply Seaside for details. Goodbye.


Okay, we're back in. So they call the state troopers. The police call the state troopers in to come help the Mason City Police to look for Jodi, which we always like. They bring in dogs and search a nearby river. There's also like park ground across the street from her apartment building. It seems like maybe campers hang out there, maybe also people party there. Like it's, and also like if she has a stalker, it's a good vantage point. Oh yeah. To like watch from, you know what I mean? No sign of Jodi is found though in that park area and inside Jodi's apartment police notice two things. There are two wine glasses by the sink and the toilet seat is up in Jodi's bathroom, which would suggest a male guest.


Right. This leads of course, people to wonder if a man had been in her apartment the night before she disappeared. I've also read somewhere that there were beer bottles by like by the dumpster outside as if someone was hanging out, waiting around. But oh, I, You know, I can't find anything further on that. And no further evidence is found. And it sounds like the glasses aren't tested for DNA or if they are, there's no an accounted for male DNA. Like, you know, they haven't, it's an open case, so they haven't really said, but you'd think that they would let us know if that was the case. So people point out that Jodi is a local celebrity and so that might have been a factor in her disappearance. It is a small town and I think the newscaster is like a big deal there, right?


Yeah. It would be a huge deal. Yeah. There's no fucking online influencers. There's no online, it's like this is, these are the celebrities and Like it's a person. You turn on your tv, you're seeing them all the time. Right. I feel like somebody like a newscaster would be especially prone to a stalker in that way. Totally. So Mason City is very small in other parts of the country. We would call it a town. It's not, you know, a city. And Jodi lived life like a regular person, even though people started their mornings with her every single day. So it's not unheard of for TV news personalities to have stalkers. In fact, obviously it's very common. And Jodi was a young woman who lived by herself in a small apartment complex without any kind of special security.


She was listed in the phone book. Hmm. And so it probably wouldn't be hard for someone to figure out where she lived. No security. You go to the news station, you wait till she comes out, you follow her home. Yeah. I mean it's, yeah. Kind of terrifying. Yeah. So the current lead investigator on the case says that the stalker angle doesn't add up for him. And remember Jodi was late for work the day she disappeared. So on a normal day, she would've walked out the door at three in the morning. Hmm. So a stalker waiting for her would've had to stay outside her apartment building for a whole extra hour to grab her on the day she disappeared. And the investigator doesn't think that that's likely. And I hate to contradict him, but yeah, He's wrong.


If he knew she had to be at work, he could have just waited. I'm sorry, you're trying to say that stalkers wouldn't wait an extra hour. I feel like that is what they do. Yeah. It's like today's the day I'm gonna do it. They wait all the time. That's stalking. Yeah. And then the other thing people think about is that if she did have someone over the night before and she was being stalked, that might have upset the stalker enough to wait for her and attack Her. Yeah, that makes sense. So that kind of is an angle I really think is strong. So nine months before she went missing in October of 1994, Jodi made a police report saying that she had been out jogging, she was being followed by someone driving a white truck.


And the night before Jodi disappeared, a neighbor reported seeing an unfamiliar white van in her buildings parking lot. Don't like that. Some people also say that she was going to change her phone number because she was getting nasty calls from someone. And there's one other angle that people always wonder about. I mean, this is kind of loose for me, but Jodi had been covering the growing issue of drug use in the Midwest. Some people think that she was possibly killed by people who didn't want her to keep reporting on it. But I mean, she was not an investigative journalist. I can't imagine she was like breaking any crazy news that like gangs were worried about her sharing. Right. You know what I mean? It's all After the fact kind of stuff that already happened.


Yeah. Right. So it that, that seems unlikely to me. So two years after Jodi disappears in 1997, a serial rapist is arrested and ultimately convicted. And this man lived in Mason City about a block or two away from the TV studio where Jodi worked. Oh Yeah. Police look into him in connection with Jodi based on an account from a jailhouse informant. But they ultimately rule him out, which I'm like, based on what? 'cause it must have been, it had to be like he was out of town that day or something to rule him out, You know? Right. It's pretty crazy. There's another man from nearby Minnesota who has a record of sexual assaults going back to the 1970s. He was known to spend time in Mason City.


He owned a white van, not unlike the one that the witness had seen in Jodi's apartment building's parking lot. And this man's ex-wife actually says that he had a special interest in Jodi. Hmm. Yeah. And two witnesses who have had conversations with this man say that he bragged to them about being involved in her disappearance. So I just wanna know how close they were looked at. I'm like, can we do it again please? There are private investigators, there's, you know, regular investigators on this. You'd have to think that they looked as, as much as they could into these people. If anyone came and said, Hey, this guy bragged to me that he was involved. Yeah. You know that they looked into that person.


Right. Right. And that does happen all the time. Yeah. And it's, and they had nothing to do with it. Right. In 2004, police served this guy with a search warrant for his finger and palm prints. And the officer who executed this warrant says that this man became irate when we presented with the search warrant. Oh. But he had to comply. He was never charged. Police say they've cleared him in June of 2001. Jodi's family makes the awful decision to declare her legally dead. Oh. But no one has given up on finding out what happened to her. In 2003, a group of journalists form a website called Find jodi.com. And this group is still extremely active.


So for journalists this case hits home because it's a big community made up of some people who knew Jodi personally, but also other journalists who didn't know her. And this just hit them, it seems so. Yeah. It's one of their own. One of their own. Yeah. Yeah. So this is another crazy little like breadcrumb to throw in there. In early June, 2008 84 photocopied pages of Jodi's personal journal were anonymously mailed to a local newspaper. The original journal had been in the possession of the former Mason City police chief. So who sent this? Well, it turns out the sender was identified as the wife of the former Mason City police chief.


Oh. He had taken, you know, copies of this home or the journal, I don't know which. And she sent them maybe in a bid to like try to fucking get this solved. You know, it's just weird. It's just a weird violation. Maybe she was hoping that someone would glean some information off of it. You know, it's been, it had been 13 years. So Is there anything in it that like helps people or it furthers anything? It doesn't seem like it. No. Mm. I mean, maybe, yeah, who knows? It is that thing where like they keep stuff secret so that only the killer knows. But eventually, if there's no leads at all, you've gotta put some information out there. Right. To try to get some leads. Right. So in 2017, John, the older friend guy who named his boat after Jodi is subpoenaed to appear before a grand jury for a second time.


Like they're on this guy, he gives finger and palm prints and a DNA sample. The results of that grand jury proceeding is sealed. But I feel like it happened in 2017. If they had anything on him, he would've been indicted by now. Right. Yeah. It seems like it. Yeah. John recently gave a statement saying he has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease and he has reiterated that he had nothing to do with Jodi's disappearance. Sorry. So ultimately the reason they went to him first was just because they were close. I think he showed up that day when they were searching, when they like went to the crime scene. Oh. He kind of inserted himself, you know, which we always in true crime, that's a red flag.


But he does, he did think he was the last person to see her the night before. Yeah. And if he heard, if someone told him she might be missing, he might run over there to see what's going on. Sure. Yeah. Or he's driving by and it's his friend's apartment building and something's going on in there. Yeah. Right. So it could be totally innocent. That's why I'm not saying his last name, because who the fuck knows. Right. Right. And like, if we find out what happened and this whole time this guy's been hounded and had nothing to do with it, Which happens a lot. Yeah. When they're like, they just, the police decide this one person is guilty and they're gonna, they're gonna bend it all around to fit that. Yeah. It's just like the sudden violent act. To me it either seems like a stalker or a crime of opportunity.


Like some that got someone, some nefarious person was there maybe breaking into cars or pee like peeping Tom. And at 4:00 AM she happens to come Out. And when you first said that, she screamed, leave me alone. Yeah. To me, I interpreted that as that she had dealt with this person before. Totally. Like, I know you, I know I've seen you leave me alone. 'cause you won't leave me alone. You won't leave me alone. Tips still come in all the time On this case, most recently, just this past October that we just had, investigators got an anonymous tip about possible human remains on a farm in Winsted, Minnesota. And it was known that like it was about Jodi. So people were like excited that something was finally going to happen.


In this case, it turns out that the bones were just farm animal remains. But you know, it did once again stir up interest in the case. Hmm. The fine Jodi Group still maintains billboards around Mason City asking for people to come forward with tips about this case. They get tips regularly and they run down all of them hoping to finally solve this almost 30 year mystery. God, I know Jodi's sister Joanne says quote, I don't like the word closure. You're not going to close something. We're always going to think about Jodi. We're always going to miss her quote. And that is the story of the disappearance of Jodi who's in True. That is so crazy.


That's just one of the ones that like holds space in my mind at all times, you know? Yeah. The drag marks. Yeah. The clarity that it was something potentially violent, dangerous, scary. Yeah. Shoes, the shoes left behind. Bent key. I know, I know. You know, whenever there's a crime in the immediate area or even larger, it's like, does this match? It kind of reminds me of the Springfield three who just disappeared outta nowhere as well. It's just so like, Did you do them? I Did. That one Aandra's told me episode 95. Good to know. But that was 200 years ago. So that was in 1999 that I did that.


It's 2025 now. Good to know. Yeah. Good update. I think it's that thing of like, it's a, it doesn't surprise me that there are all kinds of theories camps and people discussing it and fighting about it. Yeah. Because it's all to the good of, let us figure this out. Right. So, you know, again, theorizing about why people like true crime, but it's like, if we all put our brains together here on Reddit or anywhere else Yeah. Can you please just get this going one step forward? Right. Because the investigators haven't been able to find anything. So like why not have more people put their eyes on it 30 years later? It's like, And I think you're right about you when you're like, re-interview some of those people.


Or just like, is there anything that like, you know, that much later could, could change or break or, oh, this alibi actually isn't solid. Or any of those things. Yeah. Like her phone records was there some, was there someone calling her and saying weird things? Like Yeah, it sucks that like, you know, we have GPS tracking now, which is so great, but back then there's just like nothing to go on. Wow. That's my story. We'll go back to two stories very soon. I mean, here's the thing that I think about all the time in my frustration with your cold cases because, 'cause we all want a button ending. Yes. Which is not how life works. Yeah. And how many, many, many crimes, the majority of crimes do not work that way.


Yeah. But then there is that potential of like, and here is the break that, You know, 30 years later, here's the headline we've been looking for. Totally. And It does fucking happen. It happens all, all the time. You know? It does. So I just saw one on TikTok by a huge person on there. Her name's True Crime mama. Ooh. And she tells the story of this couple, it's the 44-year-old missing persons case of Charles and Catherine Romer and Yeah. And they just, and the guy with the sonar. Yeah. What's his, what's, what's their name? It's a man named Jason Sata who has his own sonar equipment. He searched the pond directly.


It's like behind this old hotel. And then you can see where the driveway basically goes down. So if they drove and like for whatever reason just drove and drove into that in this big old Cadillac and it sank, like you can just kind of see of like, oh my God, if it was like the mills a night. Yeah. No lights. Something Just so would've happened. They were drunk or something. And then just like, and that's that. If no one witnessed it, they wouldn't know. Totally. Yeah. Those cases just give me the chills. And I think there's probably so many missing person cases that can be attributed to that. And there are like a lot more companies and people now who are taking that seriously. You know, the town doesn't have the money to use that equipment on the lakes.


Right. But these pe, these individuals are and I think that's amazing. Yeah. Well, amazing job. I mean, it feels very trite to say. I hope. Yeah. I hope there's some breaking news the way there. There can be breaking news sometime. Yeah. I really hope there is. Totally. Should we go back to, what do we do now? Fucking hoorays. Do we do, what are we even doing right now? Should we do a new one for 2025? Yes. We should start a new one. What's your, what does nine mean again? Say it again. Oh, I made all that up. Did you think that? I swear to God, I Was just, I swear I've heard that the number nine means. I mean that was, it was an amalgamation of all the stuff that I just look at on my phone and see and dah, dah dah.


It was great. Whatever. I believe it, It is true that 2025 adds up to nine. Sure. But that doesn't mean anything though, turns out. No, It doesn't. Oh. All the things about nine. I just want people to feel good. I want people to like, yeah. Let's start interpreting numbers exactly the way we want to. Right. To tell ourselves that we are going to be powerful and strong and exactly what we want to be. It's chronic positivity. Let's, let's go into toxic positivity, toxic Positivity. I love it. Chronic toxic, delusional positivity. Yeah. For 2025. Why not? So What should we have people tell us? Like what, what are you, what are you excited about this year?


Maybe? What's your power number? Yeah, tell us what your power number is and then you have to get a tattoo of it. Hashtag four. Hashtag four. Okay. Hashtag 22. Let's do, what are you, what are you excited? What are you even excited about this year? What are you even excited about in 2025? That's, that can be our Oh, nice. New like question. Why don't, why don't we answer it since we obviously don't have any emails from it yet. Yeah, That's true. We can't, 'cause it's not the future. We Truly can't. What I'm excited about for 2025 And you can manifest something too. Make something up that like, that's gonna be the year that I get another dog or whatever. Can you imagine the dream coming true of getting another dog? I think I would like to do some more serious actually writing.


Like write a script. I think that's gonna be my thing. 'cause I talk about it all the time. There's like seven I've actually said on this podcast, so poor man's copyright. But by I talk about it too much. I now need to just actually do it. And I think that I'm going to make the time, find the time and actually do it. Fuck. Yeah. You should. I love that. Thank you. Yeah, it, what's yours gonna be? Do It. What's mine gonna be? It has to be far enough away that it's hard. Right? But's still like what you ruminate on a thing that comes back to you a lot. Let's see. In 2025, I'm gonna become proficient in gardening. Ooh, That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna like read Gardening for Dummies.


I'm gonna not stop watering plants. Okay. No joke. I have a gift for you. Okay. Because I accidentally bought two of this book. It's a book called Plant Edia. Yes. And Bradford Broski, who works in our legal department in the Great Lakes office, told me to get it. 'cause he's a total green thumb. And he was like, I actually just got this book and it tells you like water this plant, oh God, Don't water this plant. Oh my God. That's What I need type of thing. Yeah. And wherever I bought it, I accidentally bought two. Okay. So I will wrap it up as if I meant for you to have it And you can have it. Thank You. Thank you. Yes. I'm excited for that. Yeah, I'm gonna do that this year. I'm gonna be responsible dealt who doesn't kill plants.


That's good. And who cultivates a beautiful garden that I'm proud of. Great. What are you even gonna do in 2025? Let us know. What Are you trying comments? Are you trying to do? Oh, you're trying to make it sound like the other one. Yeah. What are you even planning to do in 2025? Yeah. Let us know in the comments of all our, all our places. Yeah. We'll just like, we'll power number this into existence. Yeah. And until then, stay sexy And don't get murdered. Come on Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton.


Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite Murder. Okay, bye. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod Meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech, I'm saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stock their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com.


Get This. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, US parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at Greenlight dot com slash iHeart Greenlight dot com slash iHeart.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.