
This is exactly right. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer Experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now, when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


at the Hyundai Getaway Sales event. Get deals. So right, it almost feels wrong.


Now's the best time to get that Hyundai car or SUV you've always wanted. Plus, every new Hyundai comes with America's best warranty and three years, or 36,000 miles of limited complimentary maintenance. Don't Think you can get away with all that. Think again, but don't Wait. The Hyundai Getaway Sales Event is going on now. So visit your local Hyundai dealer today. It's A great day for a new Hyundai.


Goodbye.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra. And experience the uncompromising strength with its available Eye force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello. Hello And welcome loudly To My favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard Stark. That's Karen Kilgar. We are in 2025. 25 mode. God damnit. We are This, this is like not new to you. We've already done an episode in 2025. Except we recorded that way back in the olden days. Yeah. 25 years ago. In 2024. Yeah. For us it was last year. Yeah. We tricked you. Yeah. Sorry. Sorry. We're back after a fucking month long. Vacay. Oh my God. Senses are overloaded. It's very intense in here. Yeah. The contour is contouring. My sleeves are down over my hands.


Like Jennifer. Love Hewitt. Cute, cozy. What? How was your break? It was very nice. I spent a month on my dad's couch watching football. Well, he was watching football with the audio go, going directly into his hearing aids. Nice. So it was silent. Oh, out in the room. Yeah. So I could freely watch TikTok for eight hours straight. And you did? Oh, I've learned a lot of new affirmations. Yeah. A lot of dense beam salad recipes. A lot of watching people get their hair cut. My favorite. That's a good one. Did We talk about the man in Dubai? No. Ugh. What does he do? He red redoes women's hair.


He like fixes their hair color and texture. And it is every time. And he also touches their hair so much that it's a little erotic. And it is one of my favorite things to watch. Okay. And it's just like women sitting there trying to explain why their hair looks the way it does, which haven't we all done that in the hairdresser's? It does this. There's a, I know it does this one thing here. So I started doing these parts myself. And that's why this is orange and this is dark brown. Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot of that. And then at the end, he doesn't ever do the trick where it's supposed to be a part two. Oh, thank God. I fucking hate those. Always Self-contained. Yeah. Very respectful. And basically at the end, he makes their hair look like natural, not dyed, whatever.


And then he just kind of pulls his hands through it. Oh, My shimmery and shiny and Silky. Yes. And how good the layers are. And it is quality content. Okay. MFM from Dubai Live, our first live show in fucking 10 years or whatever is coming at you from Dubai, From his salon hair salon. We were both getting makeovers for, it's a 10 hour episode. Us getting our hair done. Get ready. I want extensions like real for real. Mormon fucking TikTok mom extensions. Yes. And I'll get you a big brown felt hat to wear on top Of those extensions. Please. I need it. That's a little, eh, girl. You'll be ready for autumn Mom talk.


Oh my God. Mom, talk. We've been away from work. I don't remember how to do this. I mean, how It's just chatting at the top. Right, right. Okay. I have two things I wrote down. 'cause I was like, you're gonna forget this. By the time vacation's over. Okay. Recommendations. And I bet you've already watched it. Okay. But Vince and I binged the fuck out of Ripley. Did you watch it? Which one was that? How's your neck? I actually threw my back out. Did you? The reason I did that is 'cause this dress is so fucking tight. Seriously. It's just like barely fits. Which is fine. You have to wear a tru for your back. What? I didn't know you had wear Trus for your back. No, this dress barely fits. Oh no.


You should dress this Truss is so tight. And I'm like, Oh My God, that's so sad. Your back is so bad Because the way you turned, I was like, No, it's this dress. There's not, not a moment to breathe in this dress. There's not a millimeter of a moment for me to breathe out in this dress. It's Kind of acting as a tru. It Is acting as a trus. Acting as, I guess it is a really good dress though. Thank you. This is like, yeah. I've obsessed with this. It's a pattern that only ever happened in 1967. Yeah. Right. Yeah. 4 71 Around there. If you go to our social media or our YouTube, you can see the dress. Oh yes. Look at her. Look at her Go with all her colors and her patterns. It barely Fits.


This is what Jan Brady wore to the winter. Formal Ripley is the one with amazing Andrew Scott, the hot priest. Oh dude. And it's, it's based on like the, the, what's the called Ripley? The wonderful Mr. Ripley. Yes. What was it? The looking for the God Mike Interruption. The Talented Mystery. Thank you. Thank you. That's what we're not, that's the one word that doesn't get thrown around a lot here at My Favorite murder. It's so beautiful. It's so compelling. It's so incredible. And if you're a kind of like state school dropout dummy like me who sees a black and white series and goes, I can't handle this. Yeah. Just ha. Just hang On it, handle it. Definitely. It's so fucking good. You Won't believe your eyes. It's Incredible.


So I ha we've binged that. And then I have a book recommendation that I'm so in love with Okay. And so excited to talk about. It's an audio book. Okay. Mina Kunk. Oh, kunk On Earth. You've probably seen on Netflix. Yeah. One of some of the funniest, like some of the funniest hard jokes I've seen on tv, But in that dry English way. So Dry. And so she's just doesn't like anything. No. Yeah. She doesn't approve of Jesus or Van Gogh or really anything and Doesn't understand it. Is that her fault? No. It thinks she thinks it's all stupid. Yes. So the incredible Philomena Kunk played by the incredible comedian Diane Morgan. Philomena Kunk has come out with an audio book called The World According to Kunk.


And it's a history of the world. Yes. It is so fucking hilarious that I scared the cats laughing so loud when I was listening to it. Yes. I, I can't, it's just so joyous. I can't recommend it enough. Well, you know what, I'll do a parallel off the cuff recommendation. And this is secondhand for my sister Laura. But she literally texted me last night because she was watching Nate Zis Comedy special. And she was like, I'm watching his comedy. 'cause I told her, I'm like, you will love it and it'll, you'll it'll do it for you. Yeah. 'cause she gets very stressed out watching comedy. I get it. As many of us do. I'm like, you'll love it. Whatever. She text me and she's like, I'm just sitting in my room laughing out loud. It's mess. It's insane. So we were just talking about this earlier, like if anybody deserves the massive success he is attaining right now.


It's Nate Zi. He's one of the like, nicest, coolest. He's exactly what he's like in his comedy act. Yeah. Yeah. I love the way he does comedy. Yeah. He's fucking hilarious. Also. Like, how exciting is it to see fucking Nikki Glaser Absolutely Fucking killing it. I'm s same, same with her. She's the exact same person in on stage as she is in fucking person. Yes. She's so lovely. I get, I'm so excited For her and so talented. Like, so talented. Again, those hard jokes where yeah, it, some people make it very easy, but it's like that's, that's the money right there. And she is, that's her whole act and always has been. Yeah. We got to see her one year at the High Plains Comedy Festival, headlining this huge theater, and I just had never, I'd only ever seen her pieces and parts.


And to watch her do an hour however long she did. Yeah. 30 minutes or something. It was just like, I, I was just so proud of Her. Yeah, she's great. Yeah. Yay for her. Very cool. I don't know, like we're coming up on nine years and doing this podcast. No, you're shaking your head. I said no, I just don't know about that. I just am, it's bewildering because when I told you in like month four to get your hopes down Yeah, you did. I really, really didn't want you to get run over by the show Business Bus. Yeah. I mean, I feel very grateful to have been as wrong as I was. Yeah.


But it's so weird that all of my experience up until that point literally was like, you could, you could bet money on it. You could set a time or two people having like this little mm of success and then going straight down into a pit. Like basically like crashing their car, getting someone pregnant, going to a mental hospital. Like we've done 2 0 3 of those things. We've done A couple. Literally. We can do It all. Unless have you been pregnant? I haven't been pregnant. Yes. A couple times. It's none. It's not your business and it's certainly not my business. That's right. But I just, it's just so weird to me because I was like, well, if this is gonna go anyway, it's just gonna go this one way. Yeah. I mean, you're not wrong. There has been a bus run over feeling to it, and I am a very changed person, and it has been, I did check myself into a mental health facility a couple years back because it was so bustly awful.


Yeah. You know? Yes, I do know. Yeah. You know, well, I I knew that, but I also have felt that with you. Yeah. So that's been a total change. We're about to like, kind of step into a new chapter one would say. Yes. With this podcast and the network as far as like our new home. Yes. We're going to have a new home. We're not gonna be independent anymore. Yeah. So we've been independent the past year and it's been, It's been equally amazing. Yeah. And empowering and great. But then also this show in particular is too big to be independent. Right. Which is the weird irony of being in this business where like once you get out past a certain point Yeah.


You like have to keep going and you have to keep going up. Right. Which is maybe the pressure you're talking about. Yeah. And maybe that feeling and Yeah. And the difficulty that we've had in the past is like, it's cool because right in this moment we get to do a thing we could never do, which is talk about anything. Because when you are in contract with a company, you are literally and legally not allowed to have feelings that you share publicly. Right. Which fucking feels terrible and sucks. So what I really hope for this moment, after this year of in being independent, is that we, and I think what's gonna happen with this new company, and it's the reason we are going to go with them is that we respect them and it seems like they respect us.


And I keep reading things about like the podcast industry is changing, look at the numbers then compared to now. But what really what's changing is that we're kind of going back to our roots. And what that means is that this podcast network that means so much to us, this podcast itself and our listeners are who we're doing this for. And I'm excited to get back to normalcy a little bit. Okay. So look, here's the point. We are excited for the future. That's Right. Oh, and also we have a, a podcast network. And here's some highlights from that. We have a podcast called Buried Bones with two of probably True Crime's biggest stars. Kate Winkler Dawson, and Paul Holes.


And on their podcast This week, they dive into the first episode of a two part series that takes us back to 1970s Baltimore, where a teacher at an all girls Catholic high school goes missing. Mm. And then over on everyone's favorite car based podcast. Do you need a Ride? Comedian Sabrina Les Hops in the car to talk to Karen and Chris about Life Hope and Ayahuasca Baby. Oh, Hey, that's, that was actually one of my favorite episodes because we were supposed to record it on the day after the election. Oh. And so of course we canceled that. Yeah. And then we reset it for like two weeks later and we had a really funny conversation about that. And I didn't know her personally.


I'd seen her. Yeah. And heard of her. Truly one of my favorite people. Sabrina Ize. Yeah. Such a cool person. So cool. So then on this week's episode of Ghosted by Roz Hernandez, it's titled John Gris is not allowed to use the Ouija board, which pretty much tells you everything you need to know about that episode. Go listen to that. And then also, it's a new year and there are new Ways to Die on This Podcast Will Kill You. One of my faves, for example, This week Aaron and Aaron start a two part series on what thing that fucking plagues me Forever. Fucking Allergies. Allergies. Like I never am not without a fucking disgusting tissue.


It's so irritating. Georgia just pulled a tissue out of her trust. If you can believe that shit. Also, really quick before we get into our business, we just wanted to say our beautiful friend, Dr. Dan, over on parent footprint is leaving the network. We loved having him for the, I think it's been five years, right? Yeah. It's been about five years. It's been about five years. And we were just so thankful that we got to have his parenting advice and expertise. He's so good at what he does. Yeah. And he's a member of the family. He Literally is my cousin. He's, I saw him at Hanukkah. He's lovely and kind. He's gonna take the podcast in a new direction and kind of his career too.


I'm really excited to see what comes next. And Dr. Dan and Laura, thank you guys so much for being a part of Exactly right. Yes, we are. Are and Forever big fans. Yes, For sure.


Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends, Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So How do you find the perfect piece? Easy. You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable. And so user-friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look at that near dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye.


Goodbye.


There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh. But The best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected. With SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too Late. But with active guard outdoor protection, SimpliSafe monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah. I turned mine on. Even when I go to walk Cookie, like mine is always on. Right. Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't. I don't think that's something we can ask for. But I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye.


Alright. Alright. I'm first. Okay. Since Trust Center. Trust and sit up straight and tell us a story because Story time is about to begin. Are you ready to hear a story? Yes, I am. Okay. Well, we're gonna start in the town called Leighton. Buzzard. What? Guess where it is? Texas, England. Oh, Leighton Buzzard. Like what is that? Even? I think it's Leighton, Georgia. Leighton Layton. Oh, my guess would've been different if I knew that it was pronounced differently. Leighton Buzzard. What? Like it's just like how in England some places are like Remington Spa, you know, like spa. What? Yes.


So Buzzards bu the same kind of thing. Bumbles be by the sea. Yeah, it's, it's like, you know what, can you just name a town? Keep it moving. It's pretty adorable. I mean, they're precious And the town is super picturesque. It's a little town in Bedford Shire, England. What? Which is picture. Picture us when a huge buzzard is constantly circling overhead. They're known for their buzzards. It's right outside of London, north of London. It's between Oxford and Cambridge. In case you know where either of those two fucking places are. Well, that's where I went to summer school, so sure. I went to both and just commuted back and forth. Oh, boarding. When you went to boarding school. Boarding summer. Summer school. I summered at Oxford. Well then you know that it's got those cute cobbled streets.


Every thing is made of brick. It's really darling. There's cute pubs, local shops. It's just a small chill town. And it's actually such a small town that when I looked for local celebrities to tell you about, the only one I recognized was the 1980s pop band. Kaja Gogo. Yes. They're from latent buzzard. They're from latent buzzard. They're the ones that had the 1983 hit. Single too shy. Oh, I'll sing it for you right now. Which Is now gonna be stuck in your head. Go A two. We can't do it. Oh, we can't. We get in trouble. Can you do it if you just sing it Too? Shy. Shy. Hush hush. I, I. Okay, so they're, but they're from there. They did a great job. And you know, it's easy for people to say one hit wonder, but you write a fucking song that everybody likes.


Yeah. I mean, it's One hit to you. But what about me and my heart? What also, yeah. It does not reflect the size that Kaji ka kaji goo. No looms large like a buzzard in my heart. Don't Fucking tell me. D Delight is a one hit wonder. I know every fucking word to every album. Now. That's what I have to sing. If you start talking about D Delight, This has gotten personal. So the town has that charming, sleepy vibe to it. And outside, outside the bustle of London. So it's the last place of course that one would think something dark would happen, except if you're in a true crime and then you expect it. You absolutely know. Yeah. The more precious a little town is. Right. Don't be a precious town.


Evil. Don't light up a room. Don't make everyone smile. David Lynch knows this. We know it and you know it as a listener. So, but back in August of 1981, that peaceful facade was shattered. When a well-liked, friendly, local shopkeeper was found brutally murdered in the back of her convenience store. What followed was the case that went cold for 40 years until a then teenage girl came forward with a shocking admission and the whole case unraveled. Whoa. This is the story of the murder of Carol Morgan. The main sources I use for this story are remarks from the judge, from an from the eventual sentencing in this case, and reporting from the BBC of course.


And the rest of the sources can be found in the show notes. So we're in 1981 and Carol and Alan are a couple who met in a support group for divorced people and got married four years later. Hmm. Carol's 36. Alan is a younger man at 31 Hot. If you are in a support group for divorce people, you can't tell me that. You're just not even listening to anything anyone's saying. 'cause you're just absolutely shopping the entire time. Oh, for sure. You are there like for one reason alone. Yeah. Yeah. Was anyone in that support group like disheveled? I don't think so. No. No. Unless it was not co-ed.


Sorry. Couldn't think of that word. It's also so funny, like, and this is like, you know, when we're always like in today's money, that would be whatever. It's also like in today's age, 31 is actually 45. Right. You know what I mean? Yes. And they do look like this typical British couple. She's got this pretty like feathery blonde bob. He's got this weird Caesar cut and looks kind of sketch, you know? But very British and like 36 and 31 is like actually in your late forties and in England in the eighties. Yeah. Right. All of us. All Of us. I mean, Yeah. Not a pretty time. So together they're raising two kids, Dean, who's 14, and Jane, who's 12.


And the kids are from Carol's previous marriage. And for the past year and a half, the Morgans have owned and operated a little corner store in a residential neighborhood. It's described interchangeably as a convenience store and a news stand. So I think it's like that. But British, so kind of the like place where you buy a newspaper or candy or cigarettes, just kind of like a pop-in little British, you know? Yeah. Grocer. Sure. Green grocer. No, nothing green though. Bodega, let's say. Yeah, maybe. Maybe. But more newspapers, right? So I can't breathe in this fucking dress. So the family lives in the apartment above the shop. Carol is well liked in the village and is known for being kind and helpful around the shop.


And she's often described as a absolutely devoted mother to her two children. So here we are. It's a Thursday night, August 13th, 1981. That evening Alan had taken the teens to a double feature movie in nearby Lutton. Now the three of them going to see a movie is actually unusual in itself. This stepdad taking the two, you know, a 12 and 14-year-old to see this movie is weird because Alan didn't really spend a lot of time with the kids when Carol wasn't around. In fact, the family didn't do much together at all anymore. Especially because there's tension in the marriage. But for some reason that night they go to a double feature and things seem fine.


They get back to the shop around 10:45 PM when they come back, Alan sends the kids up to the apartment while he goes into the shop. When he goes in, he sees that it's a mess. And merchandise is scattered everywhere. Almost like there's been a robbery. He proceeds to the store room in the back. And there he's met with the horrifying discovery of Carol's body. She's lying in a pool of blood. Her body had been savagely attacked with what investigators will later believed to be either a machete or a cleaver or an ax. Horrible. I know she's been struck between 10 and 15 times. It's completely savage. The main investigator later says, it was quote, the worst attack I've seen on a human being.


Yeah. The perpetrator had also robbed the store of 500 pounds, which in today's money would be worth, I guess Pounds. Are they always above us? I think it varies. Yeah. I guess that's true. I'm not an economics Major. Well, let's see, roughly 500 in the eighties In pound it would be easier. Would it be like $2,500 today? 3,100 about, oh, So close. Okay. So almost nothing for brutally and savagely murdering the person that works there. Right. And actually it's also weird because the cash wasn't stolen from the register. It was stolen from a hard to find drawer in the shop's back office.


Which to me actually isn't that weird? Like if, if, if someone were threatening her, like where's the money? I want more. Like you're gonna lead them to it. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like one of those things where they're always like, it's weird 'cause it wasn't forced entry, so they must have known their perpetrator. But it's like people answer the fucking door all the time and then people kick their way. You know? It's just, okay. Yeah. Anyway. And the killer also steals 105 packs of cigarettes. I feel like no matter what this is gonna turn into, that by itself was a crime of opportunity where it's just like I, that's you're in a store. Yeah. And you're just like, I'm going to get everything. Right. Like, lemme get This. Yeah. Yeah. And if you already, Ugh, God though, it's just such a, such a, that kind of murder.


There's all kinds of, it's all horrible. But that, especially where it's very, very gruesome and there's a lot of blood. The idea that you aren't like as a human being just totally in shock yourself or like Yeah. And just leaving. No, you're actually turning around and going like, what do I need? Yeah. Before you leave, right. Is just psycho. Totally. Like the, having the wherewithal to then go about your business is, Or think clearly speaks To how evil Yeah, you are. Absolutely. So detective superintendent Brian Prickett of the local police is put on the case. And investigators quickly hear for multiple witnesses that a young man with light brown hair, who's about five feet, six inches tall, was seen near the shop on the evening of Carol's murder.


And there's a composite sketch drawn witnesses say he was seen clutching two plastic shopping bags to his chest, or probably with the cigarettes. They say the man left in a station wagon that was parked outside the shop. The police obviously quickly confirmed that Alan couldn't have committed the murders. His alibi is completely solid 'cause he was at the movies weirdly. But as the investigation goes on, Alan of course starts to look suspicious. As it turns out, Alan had a pretty shady side. A lot of people in the neighborhood have had bad interactions with him, and they hear from multiple people that he has a reputation of saying offensive things, particularly to women. And that he's known to be a bit of a bully. Neighbors who live near the shop and where the Morgans live say that Alan is known to have had several relationships with other women.


It's like known, it's like a well known fact about town. Alan himself tells the police that was own volition, that he has been in a relationship with another woman for some time. Just tells him that, oh, in fact, everyone knows about this relationship. It's with a woman named Margaret. And not long before Carol's murder, Margaret's husband had gone into the shop to confront Alan about it. Alan and Carol's marriage had been very strained because of this, because Carol knew about the affair. But the month before she died, she had told her uncle that she and Alan were trying to give things another shot. So it doesn't take long for rumors to start to circulate that Alan had something to do with his wife's death. And this is just so absurd.


There is this news footage of him being interviewed outside the shop in the months following the murder. And in it, Alan addresses these rumors to, it's so fucking absurd. The reporter's like, you know, why are people saying stuff about you? What are they saying? And he says, quote, to be offhand that I killed my wife. But as the police know, and as you yourselves know, well I was in Luton taking the kids to the pictures end quote. And he just like totally casual about it as if he's talking about like a robbery. Yeah. And not the brutal murder of his wife. Right. Saying like that I'm not a suspect. And he's, he's making sure to really get it out there. Right. Everyone knows that. Yeah. And then when asked why people think he killed his wife, he says, I was happy go lucky, I suppose like afterwards I was a bit of a womanizer, but that's all.


I didn't profit from it. End quote. And then when asked how Carol's death has affected him, this is the fucking craziest, Alan says, quote, affect me. Well, I closed the business for seven weeks while the police were investigating it. I lost a lot of stock I had to throw out and I've had to sell the business at a loss end quote. That's how the murder has affected him. So like, See, You can't even fake it. You gotta do some PR training if you are that psychopathic slash sociopathic, we're not sure. Yeah. 'cause you, you really did yourself a disservice on that one. Like, you don't even know to pretend to cry. Not, I'm not saying that that's okay. And that should happen. But everyone else knows. Like, this is how you're like, just do these little things.


Yeah. At least pretend. Right. But God, when you're that far gone, you don't even understand that pretending is necessary. Well, because think of it that way, where it's like, we have cried on this podcast about people, right. Getting killed 40 years ago. Yeah. And it's like, this is your wife and it just happened. Totally. So what are you, three months ago you have you, you're not accessing any emotion whatsoever. Yeah, Totally. That's a good point. So then the investigators look into the couple's finances and they find that the shop hadn't been doing great. The foot traffic in the area isn't very heavy. And the margins at a store like that are very tight.


You know? And the couple had recently bounced a check to one of their suppliers and they had looked into selling the shop and opening in another location, which Carol had wanted to do after she found out about the affair to get a fresh start. But doing that was tricky because Alan and Carol had opened the store with the money Carol had gotten from selling her house, her old house, and a 6,000 pound loan, which in today's money, 6,000 pound loan, 500 pounds worth $3,000 around, I mean like 12,037. Oh 4 84. Okay. So that's a big fucking loan. It's A big loan. They still owe too much on the shop to sell it and open a different store.


And the loan is tied to, say it with me, life insurance policies on both Alan and Carol. If either of them were to die proceeds from their life insurance would pay off the loan, Do they still do that? That seems like a very bad idea. It Does, doesn't it? I mean, it's just so ugly. Yeah, it is. That's Sad. It is. And there's more police find out that in the days leading up to Carol's murder, Alan had made several large cash withdrawals from his bank account. He had also ordered an unusually large amount of cigarettes for the store. Oh Yeah. Almost like, I can pay you in the cash that's in the drawer in the back and in cigarettes.


Oh, it's right. That is turns my stomach. Yeah. Where it's like that's, that's what your wife's life is worth. Yeah. Like what is wrong with you? Yeah. And his strange behavior, of course, doesn't go unnoticed. Especially when in sharp contrast to Alan's reaction, an anonymous person from the community who's described simply as a businessman puts up a 5,000 pound reward for information leading to the capturing conviction of Carol's killer. And he says it's because, quote, our town shouldn't have to live in fear of a maniac like this end quote. So it's just a concerned citizen who's uncomfortable with a murder like this, you know, going unsolved in his town. Yeah. Yeah. And he fucking cares more.


Unfortunately, this financial information that they were struggling about, the life insurance, about the loan, all of that stuff is never revealed to the public or to Alan himself. They never told him that. They knew that. And their reasoning was that they were hoping that by giving Alan a sense of confidence, he would slip up and reveal more either to them or the media or like brag to friends or some shit. But it doesn't happen. But they still don't release that information. Which I don't know, to me sounds like important information to give to potential witnesses that like know the know them. You know what I mean? Just to make it the correct context.


Like Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I feel like that is, we're talking about the eighties where it's like the, the way police worked back then was so internal and kind of like secretive and it felt like individual theories would just get thrown up, or we're gonna do the do it this way and do it that way. Where there was no kind of like, here's the, based on these personalities, the best way to kind of How to handle it. Yeah. Seed that information. Here's the best way to be most effective. It's just like, it just seemed random all the time back then. Yeah. Or like not based on any evidence whatsoever. Just based on hunches instead of like data. So yeah, he never gives up any information. And Alan winds up marrying Margaret, the woman he was having an affair with.


And the two of them and the two children move outta town to the north of England. Mm. They all move away as a family. So that's the state of affairs. From 1983 on every two years the case had come up for review, witnesses had been re-interviewed, the evidence is looked over again. Detective Prickett says that the case is a thorn in his side and he is desperate to see it solved. And then finally in 2018, detective Prickett is officially retired and a new set of eyes get on this case. That's when Detective Sut Foster, his name is Sut, Spell It. SUPT. Okay.


I Mean, it's kind of a badass name, right? It's, I don't mind it. Yeah. It's like, where'd you get that? But it's okay. Yeah. You don't have to tell us. No you don't. Because you're so private and manly and British and reserved. He takes over as the head of the Bedfordshire Cambridgeshire and Hartfordshire Cold case Review team. And one of his first jobs is like just reviewing this big 40-year-old unsolved case of, of the murder of Carol Morgan. So police circle back to all, you know, all the witnesses. They go back and check all these notes, and they come across a, now a 60-year-old woman named Jane Bunting.


So Jane was only 17 years old at the time of the murder. And she was friendly with Margaret, who was the woman that Alan was having an affair with, and eventually married. It seems like maybe Margaret was like a mentor kind of to Jane. And when they interview her, Jane says, quote, I've been waiting for you to come see me for 40 years. Oh, wow. And she has a shocking revelation. Jane tells police that one night in the months leading up to Carol's murder, she had run into Alan at a local watering hole called the Dolphin Pub. She says that evening, Alan asked her if her ex-boyfriend might know anyone who he could hire to murder his wife.


And she was horrified by that. And then you're like, why didn't she go to the police? You know? But her reasoning for never going forward are complicated. And they're understandable from the point of view of a 17-year-old in a way. 'cause she says that over the decades she kind of figured that the police, if they truly suspected Alan, he would've been arrested already. So she didn't think he was a suspect and never, they didn't make it seem like he was a suspect because they didn't give any information out about the financial, like misdeeds. So that's like, if she had known that maybe she would have like put it together and come forward. Yeah. She was just assuming that everyone, everything was kind of proceeding Right.


As normal except for that I think after like five years. Right. I don't Know. Well, the other reason is that she stayed silent out of a feeling of misplaced loyalty to Margaret. Hmm. Which I think is like, I love the cases where it's like it's a cold case for so long and people's loyalties change. And that's how a lot of those things get solved. Yeah. People come forward, which I think is great. Right. It also just speaks to like, I know that it's important to keep evidence like secret and you know, so only the killer knows, but eventually if it's cold and nothing's happening, you gotta give out more information. Maybe someone will have, you know, something to say after Jane's revelation, and with all the other evidence they had, they had gathered against Alan in 2019, both Alan and Margaret are charged with conspiring to murder.


Carol. Hmm. Margaret is found not guilty. But in June of 2024, at the age of 74, Alan is convicted and sentenced to life in prison. Wow. Yeah. Finally, Alan's conviction didn't bring the closure everyone had hoped for. Carol's family was torn apart. This is so awful. After their mother's death and moving away with their stepparents, Carol's kids each write letters to Carol's parents saying they have new lives and that they don't wanna be in contact anymore. And of course, Carol's parents are devastated. They lost their daughter and now their grandchildren. And they will always believe that the kids didn't write the letters on of their own violation. They would never do.


Absolutely not. It's a grandparent. Unless they were the worst grandparents in the world. Right. Which, you know, they weren't right like that. No. That's the, that's the psycho husband. Yeah. It's like an evil manipulation. Completely. It's so manipulative to have them do that. You would actually want nothing more than to see your grandmother. Right. If your mother was dead. Right. There's the connection you have. Yeah. And Carol's kids now, adults in their fifties, still struggled with the truth about their stepfather. Dean says that after he hears about the charges he called Alan, who assured him, it's all a big misunderstanding. Dean kind of pushes back. And then Dean says, quote, the argument became heated and he put the phone down on me, meaning he hung up on him while he was trying to get to the bottom of his mother's murder.


And then he says, we have not spoken since in 2024 at her stepfather's sentencing, Jane, who was 12 at the time of her mother's murder, gave a heart wrenching victim impact statement in court saying, the man I spent my entire life calling Dad, lied to me for my entire life. It has been an incredibly distressing and confusing period of my life that has made me doubt everything I knew about my mother and my stepparents. While Alan is now in prison, there are still, of course, unanswered questions. He's never revealed any information that could lead to the identification and arrest of the man that he hired to murder his wife. And that person's identity remains a mystery.


Although, of course, police are still looking into it. The town of Leighton Buzzard still remembers the murder of Carol Morgan. It was a small town, and the murder was something that haunted the community for the 40 years. It went unsolved. Yeah, I bet The case might have been closed, but the mystery surrounding it remains as does the pain. It caused latent buzzard for all its charm. We'll never forget what happened that night. And that is the story of the murder of Carol Morgan. Wow. 40. I feel Like it could Have been solved. It could have been solved back then. Tough. Yeah. Well, and also just, I, I don't know, I may maybe it just look, it's 25.


It's, it's 2025. Yeah. And we've been doing this for nine years. Yeah. So it's real obvious to us. Yeah. And it's like you read these and hear these stories over and over where it's like, yeah. That when it's not direct, then the indirect version goes A, B, C. Right. D or maybe E sometimes F. But it's like, it's very repetitive, these stories. Totally. And these what sociopaths do when they need to get their money, get their way, get rid of someone in their way. And then What happens when a small town, you know, police force who haven't investigated a lot of murders, try to do that. Also, it's a thing they say a lot, which is like, we just don't have the evidence. Right. So it's obvious we think it's this person, it's obvious, whatever.


But if there's no one there to even give just, you know, eyewitness testimony. Totally. There's just nothing. Yeah. Yeah. It's all circumstantial. Well, I'm glad it was finally solved. Me too. But still let's, Let's get more of those in 2025. Yeah. For


real. Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family. Great friends, until The day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But There's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


You may love the finer things in life like soft, cashmere, silk, and effortlessly chic fashion. But your bank account probably doesn't always agree. Fortunately, We have Quince. With Quince, you can get quality luxury essentials without the hefty price tag. Like their Mongolian cashmere sweaters starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I feel like I need to apologize to people. 'cause I have a one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters in the dark gray, and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter, where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times. And I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for $50, Quince cares about us. It feels like. It's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We Should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear different ones every day of the week. I mean, I absolutely will Give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air fresh flowers, crisp mornings, that first warm breeze through an open window. It's the time of year when everything smells amazing. And thanks to Pretty Litter Your Home Can Too. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight, low dust, and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean, a huge thing if Kitty litter shipped to your door alone is an amazing convenience and perk. But then the fact that Pretty Litter helps you track your cat's health and make sure that your cat is doing okay as it like takes care of odor in your home. What more do you want? Yeah. As someone with an older kitty cat and looking at you Mimi, it is like such peace of mind to know that if something's going on with her kidneys, I'll know immediately instead of like months in the future when she shows me some other sign. Pretty litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it and you'll Love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's Pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy Pretty litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Alright, well, my story's different. Good as they usually are. And just a quick trigger warning about French pronunciation in this one because man, man, it's tough, but I'll do my best. Mrs. McCury, my freshman and sophomore French teacher, props to you. This is gonna be bad, so I'm gonna really lay it on thick. Okay. Just for your enjoyment. Do it, please. So this story starts around 10 45 in the morning on May 26th, 1986. So we're also in the eighties again. Okay. And we're in the Mum Parnass neighborhood of Paris, France.


So if you've ever been to the Catacombs or down Rude de Gere, which is very lively Market Street, you have been to this part of Paris. Okay? There's also a famous prison there called Lasante. And it's housed many notorious criminals over the years, including Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega. Oh. But on this spring day in 1986, something very unusual is happening at Lasante. A rumbling sound can be heard overhead that grows louder by the second. It's a helicopter and it's headed toward the roof of the prison. And then a man appears on that roof and it's clear that he does not belong there because he's a 34-year-old inmate serving 18 years for an armed robbery and attempted murder.


But what he is already notorious for is actually his three previous successful prison breaks. Oh. Today he's hoping that this attempt to bust out will be his hopefully fourth and final time. This is the story of Michel Ur. All right. So the main sources in the story today are a 2009 documentary called My Greatest Escape Interviews with Michel that aired on Europe, one radio and archival editions of the New York Times and the Chicago Tribune. And the rest of the sources are in our show notes. So truly, the story starts in 1951 when Michelle Eure is born in a small town in northern France that I don't have to pronounce because Marin Mercifully left the town name out.


Good. So sadly, Michael's father is an abusive alcoholic. So when he is only four or five years old, his mother decides to give custody of him to his aunt Jermaine. Jermaine is a wonderful caregiver. She loves Michelle. She cares about his emotional needs. At one point, she even gets Michelle a dog that he names Rita. Aw. The best dog name Rita for a girl. That's good. It's real good. And Rita becomes Michelle's most beloved companion. But of course, this separation from his actual original family is very difficult for Michelle causes a lot of emotional pain. But it gets worse because just a few years after Michelle settles in with his aunt, she passes away from cancer and he gets sent back to his parents' home, a toxic environment where he's deprived of the love and warmth of his aunt.


And then one day Michelle goes to school and we get, when he gets home, he finds out that his parents gave Rita away. No, horrible. So he has a tough childhood. The people who knew Michelle as a boy, remember him as a gentle child who loved nature and animals. Over the years, he keeps several pet birds, including a falcon, a magpie, and a crow, who he claims to have raised himself. Wow. Yeah. Living my fucking dream life. Right. So, so as Michelle grows older, he starts getting in trouble with the law. Never hurts anybody. It mostly seems to be rooted in boredom. And he will later say quote, after 10:00 PM there was nothing to do.


We were 17, we wanted some action. We'd steal a car and go looking for cops in town for a bit of fun Looking for cops. That's What I was gonna say. There's your difference right there. Yeah. Like I get the stealing cars and having some fun, but like looking for trouble. No, dude. It's like you steal a car and your heart is racing and you're driving around town and you're just waiting to ditch the car. Wow. You're not looking For cops. I thought they were like looking for cops. No, no. They were, I'm saying a normal person Oh Yeah. Would be avoiding cops at all costs. Yeah. And dying. Michelle was absolutely looking for cops, looking For trouble. Got It. So that might be a little bit of his Yeah. You know, issues with authority. Sure.


And parental figures. And Adrenaline. And adrenaline. And where is Rita? We need to find Rita. Oh, Rita. Michelle insists he was only ever borrowing those cars. He'd always return them. But then one night when he was 19, he quote unquote, forgets to give one of those cars back. And when the police show up at his house that he shares with his girlfriend and their baby daughter, he is arrested. So for a first time nonviolent offender, Michelle has handed a very heavy sentence, 30 months in prison and a five year ban on returning to his home region, which is where he's lived his entire life. Jesus. That is heavy. Yes. It's Where, and you have a child there. Yes.


His girlfriend and baby lived there. And they're like, you're excommunicated out of this village, essentially. Yeah. And it's like fucking the, the, the baby mama over two, because that's 30 months of not having that second income. Yes, That's right. Well, the second income of stealing cars. Right. And then leaving them on the street. I'm sure he, he must have worked at the subway or something. Something. Yeah. But just for context, the typical sentence for car theft at that time was a couple months. Hmm. So this was overkill for sure. Yeah. In a lot of ways. And it could be because that's sometimes happens in small towns where it's like, we're gonna teach you a Lesson. Right, right. Or we don't like your kind. Right. Or You've been chasing the cops down and they're pissed off about it. Yeah. Have you been pissing the cops off?


Now? They got you. So of course Michelle angry about this disproportionately harsh sentence. But then also while he's incarcerated, no one from his family visits him. And then his girlfriend leaves him for a cop Who Yes. So he becomes very angry and disillusioned with the criminal justice system and authority figures and life in general. He serves his time. He's released when he is 21. And now Michelle is determined to start fresh. So he gets a job, he starts saving his money, and it's all with the hope that he can actually win his ex-girlfriend back and reconnect with his young daughter.


But then one day, despite being banned from that region of France under the terms of his release, Michelle travels home to visit his ex and their child on the way his new car breaks down. And the first vehicle that passes him is a police car because Michelle knows that he's breaking the law just by being in the area and he doesn't have a driver's license. Oh Yeah. So Yeah, A lot of problems. He panics and bolts the police catch him, and he is sent back to prison six months after he was Released. Damn. So this second stint behind bars is more than Michelle can handle, even though he's likely only facing a short sentence, he immediately starts plotting his escape.


So in quick succession, he manages two prison bricks. Wow. The first one, he figures out how to just basically scale the prison wall. And he simply jumps to freedom. Parkour, man. He is the OG parkour hero. How'd you say parkour in French. It's parkour park. In the other escape, he convinces another prisoner who works outside of the prison loading trucks to switch places with him for a day. Wow. And it's a really smart move on his part because working outside means fewer layers of security to deal with. So during this shift he seizes the moment and he just sprints off facility grounds both times. Michelle manages to stay free for several days before being caught and returned to prison.


And then of course placed in higher security wing where he spends a lot of of time in solitary confinement. Horrifying. Yeah. Like and all of this because he stole a car. Yeah. It's just so, so not disproportionate. So disproportionate. And also then, so it's just to break you. Yeah. It's inhumane, which Is what all prisoners, it's Almost like they say the crime doesn't fit. The punishment. The Punishment. Punishment doesn't fit the crime. That's what it meant. Well, I guess, but it means yours was right too. Actually, I guess they both work, You know, what? Let's agree to agree. So even though he is in solitary confinement, he is not broken.


He actually, he's busted out twice. He actually feels like he can do anything. Yeah. So he just starts planning escape number three. He actually would later say, quote to me, you had to escape. That's what prison was made for. I remember saying to someone once that I wouldn't be surprised to find it in a dictionary, quote prison, a place to escape from. Wow. That's how I function. That's A fun way to look at life. You know? It, it really is. And I do think that then going forward, because that was his approach, you could kind of tell in the way that he would plan these breaks. Yeah. So the next example is great. So he, he gets a new cellmate named Gil.


I will definitely mispronounce that. Yeah. Going forward, the two cellmates become very close. Michelle will later describe Gil as quote the brother I never had. And that he was the first person that really helped Michelle truly understand what family means. Which is lovely and like very sad. Yeah. And kind of underlines that how hard and fucked up his family life was. Totally. No excuse. No. But still, yeah. Jill is a more seasoned criminal than Michelle with experience in armed robberies and more complex heists. And so that makes him the ideal partner when it comes to Michelle plotting his next escape. So Gil himself is not interested in breaking Outta prison because his sentence is almost up.


But he is willing to help Michelle with his plan, despite it sounding ridiculous to him. So Michelle's goal is to do, make duplicates of the prison guard's keys. And he plans on doing that with the red wax coating that you find on the little rounds of baby bell cheese. Okay. So they get baby bell in this prison? I guess so. And he's like, well, if I get enough of that I can just, yeah. Put it in there and basically like Harden it kind Of. No, just like in passing. Press a key. Yeah. Into that wax. Okay. So here's the quote from Michelle. Quote. I walked around for months with a piece of cheese in my hand.


So Maren makes this point in our notes. She says, I don't know if he pressed the key into the red wax or the cheese. Right. Could be either one. Sure. To me, wax makes more sense. Yeah. The wax would make more sense because You gotta eat that cheese. Yeah. Back to the quote. My aim was to get an imprint of the cell key and the key to the exercise yard. The guards carried a bunch of keys in their, in their hands. You, you memorized the shape of the key you need, you spotted in his bunch of keys and you bump into him a bit like a pickpocket. Wow. So he, Michelle claims one day that he successfully does it that way and gets impressions of the keys he needs and then takes, that's crazy.


I, it's insane. And then takes the key shaped baby bell wax back to his cell and he and Jill use that as their blueprint to file down a piece of scrap metal into the shape of some keys. Got it. Michelle says it takes him several weeks to complete this, but it works. He winds up with duplicate keys that miraculously function. Oh my God. I know. So for a third time, Michelle manages to escape from prison. Once again, his freedom is short-lived. He's captured and returned this time to an even more secure cell. So now Michelle's facing 25 years in prison. Jesus. Even though he has never committed a violent offense.


Yeah. He's 24 years old at This point. Oh my God. And he could be an engineer. Like what key thing is brilliant. He Could be a prop maker. Make Him in a spy. I bet he be a great spy. Make him, let him get into theater. I'm getting more of an artsy vibe from him. Okay. He's being held in a facility that truly does seem inescapable. He spends a lot of time in solitary confinement in a cell that's about 20 stories off the ground. So that wall jumping plan is out. There are three rows of bars on the windows and an armored fence surrounding the grounds. Michelle's mental health definitely suffers in this environment. His cell is cold and sterile and lonely.


He has no personal items. Everything's concrete. The lights are kept on 24 7. Ooh, That's Bad. Yeah. Really bad. He doesn't sleep much. Michelle says that the only movement he ever sees day in day out is when his food gets slid into the cell. That's no way to live. Yeah. He says quote, you're about as alive as a fly in a jar, except the fly has proportionately more space. Fuck. So Michelle's life is bleak and just when he starts to consider actually maybe ending it, a new thought takes over. The one that's always kept him going. That's the idea of escaping. Once again, plotting his next prison break becomes his singular source of hope and joy.


So basically he is like, well, I'm here anyway. Yeah. I might as well try to do the impossible. Totally. So he starts looking for any kind of opportunity to see what, where a silver lining might be in terms of escaping. I mean, It's almost like your sanity depends on you plotting something. Yes. It's like whether or not it's could happen or would happen or is absolutely possible at all. You are gonna go nuts if you don't have like a, aren't able to put your brain in a certain direction and train it on something like that. Yes. You know, which is true for everybody. Yeah. No matter how big or small your cell is, it's like You gotta have hopes and dreams. You gotta fucking, and it doesn't matter if they're dumb, who cares. Yeah. It doesn't matter. No. If it's crazy. Yeah. Or cringe or anything Because you're gonna get somewhere with them.


And maybe not to the place that you're like fucking dreaming of, but it's gonna be a couple steps ahead. At least You might get yourself a true crime podcast. Dream big. Everyone dream Big. It's pretty goddamn great. It's pretty fucking awesome. We Own This Table. We Own This Table. If we wanted to, we could take these microphones home tonight. Oh my God. I Mean, I mean, Could of fucked people over. But Leonna is like, what? What? No. Okay. So in looking for that opportunity, So he has to go to the courthouse every once in a while for like scheduled court dates or legal appointments or whatever. So on one of those trips finds that opportunity. When he notices, he starts noticing basically everything about what the guards are doing.


So he's just like, I'm gonna track the guards. Yeah. I'm gonna watch what they do. I'm gonna memorize it and study it and think about it. And then every time, compare it to the last time. He's A theater spy. That's what He's, he's the leading man. The Leading man. So he notices where they typically stand, how they search him, which rooms they take him through. All of these de details get like memorized. And then he pieces together. This plan, first of all, he realizes he's going to need a gun. So he starts to carve one out of a bar of soap. 'cause that's a, that's what you have to do in jail. Yeah. He has never owned a gun before, but he is able to carve a realistic looking one out of soap.


Damn. That he paints at black with shoe polish and then he adds some small, we're getting back into the arts now. Yeah. He adds some small metallic details, like a round battery to mimic a muzzle and a nail clipper that he kind of affixes to it. So when it's clicked it sounds like a gun caulking. Come on, This guy is good. This guy waste of talent. Truly. Oh, So he realizes the guards always let him leave his underwear on when they strip search him before his court appointments. Okay. So when he is finished with his soap gun, he goes ahead and sows a hidden pocket into his underwear, which he refers To.


How is that not caught on? Underwear with pockets. Come on with Secret pocket, Secret underwear. Pockets. Right. It seemed like you had one when you pulled that Kleenex out earlier. Because that came outta nowhere. I'm gonna fucking trademark that immediately. It's Your thing. Yeah. But you have to call them like the Michelle line or something so that he gets some credit. Okay. So he, he, he refers to the secret pocket as the quote false bottom because he's French. That's Funny. And then he staes the soap pistol there before he's escorted offsite. Okay. So then once he's at the courthouse, the guards tell him to strip down to his underwear. He then asks to use the bathroom.


Then in the bathroom he retrieves the soap gun from the secret underpants pocket. And then he walks back out of the restroom, brandishing the weapon. Shit. The five or so people in the room think he has a real gun. He takes a hostage, he orders the guards in the room to drop their weapons. They do it. That's how realistic soap gun Is. Wow. Soap gun. Then he manages to escape the building and the officers chase after him. Shit, he So he gets away. Yeah. That's insane. And he cannot believe he actually pulls this off mostly because he didn't think the gun was convincing at all. He would later say quote, it wasn't that well made, because when I left the law courts, it was coming apart.


I'm sure it was just like a, a matter of surprise. If they had, if it had been any longer, they would've had time to like, you know, to be like, Is that a nail fuck? That doesn't look right. It's the nail clipper. Yeah. It's almost like the adrenaline made them not think it through. And by the, then he could have picked up one of the guns that they had dropped and have a real gun. Completely. It's all about his, may we say acting on his side of like being convincing. Yeah. But you spot a gun in someone's hand and they're yelling all the right stuff. Yeah. You're not going in and being like, is it though? Yeah. Yeah. Like you're like, yeah, it is. He got a gun. Totally. And also, yeah, do the safest thing if someone is brandishing, brandishing a soap gun. Yeah. Don't get interested.


No. Yeah. So this time Michelle managed to stay on the run much longer. He actually ends up reconnecting with Gil, who has been released from prison. Love it. They start doing jobs together. Nice. So he escapes from prison, hooks up with his brother from another mother. That's a lovely story. And then immediately just starts Criming. Okay. What else are you gonna do? Well, true. You're not gonna Fucking lip li Big Max. Yeah. You Can't. You can't. They're royale, which cheese? They're royale. Yeah. And he actually, he's now involved in more organized robberies and using real guns to facilitate them, which he didn't do before. He also falls in love with Gil's sister. Nadine. Cute.


Nadine. Cute. The most French name in the world. Nadine. Before long Nadine is pregnant. The two get married. He's out long enough that like he starts a life again. Huh. Nadine and Michelle spend about two years together before Michelle is caught again this time following a robbery where a cop actually gets shot. Ooh. So Michelle sent back to prison. This time he is held at Lasante in Paris. Got it. Which is where our story starts. Picks back up from the beginning. Okay. The second his as hits Lasante. Yeah. He starts planning his escape again. Of course. Then he finds out that Gil has been killed during a shootout following a botched armed robbery.


Oh no. So of course this has a huge impact on both Michelle and Nadine. Yeah. So now they together kind of are like, we have to do whatever it takes to be together again. Yeah. So they put together a wild plan. Michelle is going to break out of prison and Nadine is going to pick him up in the helicopter that she will pilot. Okay. So That's what the, we were hearing overhead. Yeah. Nadine coming in for her Mans in the helicopter. That's Right. Holy shit. That's love. Some people won't even pick you up from the airport. This woman's like, let alone like, I'll learn how to fly a helicopter. I'll fly the fucking airport Sons of bitches.


I mean, LA X is a disaster. Truly. But still, Like, I'd rather learn how to drive a a helicopter then go to LAX. So Oh, for sure. You know, Definitely sexier. Yeah. So for five or six months, Nadine takes flying lessons every weekend. Holy shit. Under a fake name. Oh my God. She has to pay about 2200 franks an hour to rent this helicopter for these lessons. Oh wow. Which is in today's US dollars. Roughly how much an hour do you think? 2,900 An hour. Okay. Still 900 an hour. That's A lot of money. Yeah. She always pays in cash. Smart. That's love. Some people won't even pay for your Uber from the airport.


So, but on the morning of May 26th, 1986, Michelle wakes up, he waits for that helicopter sound. So he knows it's coming. He knows it's coming. He knows. He's just, I'm sure they're writing each other love letters. Yeah. In code of Like That's a spy. There's a spy Thing. Yeah. Spy thing. He's like, I went, she's like, I went and saw the birds this afternoon. The Birds are circling. They cost me 900 fucking dollars. Your precious birds. Okay. So Nadine gets close to Lasante. Finally the helicopter is just hovering over the prison yard. Michelle is down in the prison yard. Nadine tosses a bag out of the helicopter.


Michelle sprints over to it. Picks it up, pulls out a gun. Also fake, but more convincing than the soap gun. Okay. And that's key because if the couple gets caught, they don't want Nadine's charges to be any worse than they need to be. Okay. Got it. So they wanted this to be a fake gun. Yeah. So Michelle turns around and holds the gun on the rest of the prison yard and threatens everyone there. The everybody freezes. Then Michelle runs up to the prison's roof and 'cause remember 20 stories up and the helicopter is hovering now over the roof and it's tilted down just enough. So re Nadine got this good at helicopter lessons.


Damn girl. Where it's tilted down so that he can grab onto the bottom of the helicopter and hoist himself inside. This is a fucking action movie. It is The real deal. This whole scene just takes a couple minutes. So it's that fast. Wow. Then Nadine in the pilot seat, flies the helicopter away. They landed a nearby school's athletic field. Nice. It's like right over to the high school. And then they have the best sex anyone has ever had. I mean, in the history of sex. Can you imagine like where it's like, Like he has to be in awe of her. He fucking Better be. Yeah. What more do you want from a woman? No. She's Like, that's the sexiest thing I've ever heard in my life.


It's pretty fucking cool. Yeah. He's like, well you could stand to lose 15 pounds. I'm just saying. So, so yeah. If they had, if they did have helicopter sex, they did it before they landed. 'cause there's a getaway car waiting for them. Great. On this athletic field, an accomplice is the driver With that, Michelle has completed his most cinematic jailbreak. So the couple plans on escaping France with their child to start over somewhere new. They're thinking maybe South America, but they need more cash. So Michelle and Nadine decide to lay low or as low as possible while Michelle carries out a couple more armed robberies, which is not laying low and never works.


No. Why don't they know? Don't have they seen a movie? I mean, have they read a true crime story? So during one of these armed robberies, the police show up the situation devolves into a shootout. Michelle is shot in the head. What? He survives what? Because he's a survivor. What? He's in a coma for several weeks. When he wakes up from that coma, he's back in prison. No, I mean, yeah, I figured. But No, You gotta figure. But still coma nightmare. Over time. Michelle makes a complete recovery. What The fuck? He got shot in the head bro. This guy is, He's maid of Kevlar. Yeah. He doesn't give a shit. He's like, he's gonna fight till the end.


Yeah. Which I love. That's Sexy. I love it. His relationship with Nadine does not last, unfortunately. Come on. Never. They never do. Have two people been more perfect for each other And also in every fight. I bet it was because of this. In every fight she's like, oh really? Yeah. Are you gonna take helicopter lessons? Like she has the one up on him permanently. She Does. Men don't like them. No. So from the English language sources that Marin could find, it's unclear why they broke up. Okay. But it's not unclear to me. It's not unclear to anybody else. Yeah. What we do know is that Nadine does end up having to serve time for helping Michelle escape. She may have grown tired of that criminal lifestyle. Sure. I would say, yeah.


She laid it all on the line. Yeah. At this point they have two children. Wow. So not ideal for the heisty jailbreak lifestyle they are leading. Yeah. So they part ways. In 1991, after a little time passes, Michelle starts exchanging letters with a young law student named Jamila who hears about him on the news and becomes interested in his story. Okay. So eventually Jamila will also try to break Michelle out of prison. What? What is it with this dude, right? I That's what I wrote. Look, how good is that D? Is it helicopter lessons level D?


It's Good. Good. What are We talking about? It's a real, it's a real deal. Those the real deal. Those Frenchmen Jamila claims, this is entirely her decision, which Sure. In some ways it is. Yeah. People manipulate you into making your own decision really easily Sometimes. Yeah. Specifically Jamila tries to replicate Nadine's helicopter escapes. Oh. So the ex is over there going, yeah, I Could do that. What choice do you have? Michelle, as you might expect, is fully in on this plan. 'cause it's his plan. It Didn't work the first time. It did not. Honey. And, and also, but the idea that she's like after the fact, like, no, no, no, no. I, that was my thing where it's like, yeah.


So without speaking to this person, you're like, I would like to Yeah. Do this exact same thing. Right. Look, this is just conjecture. We don't know these people. We don't, But they, it doesn't matter anyway because they are busted before they're ever get the chance to carry out this. Sure. The new helicopter escape. Yeah. They're a little onto it by now. Probably. I Think they're looking, they're probably gonna be Yeah. Watching those letters. Sure. Looking for code. Sure. Jamila actually winds up getting seven years in prison. Wow. Serving five for being a part of all of that planning. That's a Lot. I know. It's kind of crazy. But Michelle and Jamila still get married while Michelle is incarcerated.


And then in 2003, Michelle gets paroled after making a very convincing case that he has genuinely rehabilitated himself and is no longer interested in a criminal lifestyle. Okay. And he attributes that change to Jamilah's love and to his decision to adopt her religion of Islam. Huh. So he is finally released from prison after serving 27 years, 17 of those years having been spent in solitary confinement. That is so long. It's Crazy. And they say that that informed that when he was like, Hey look, you know Yeah. After that last plan in, you know, the nineties.


Yeah. He's like, look, I'm not, I swear I'm not doing it anymore. Yeah. Like, so Michelle is now in his seventies and he's been true to his word. He's a law abiding citizen. He is still happily married to Jamila. In fact, they've both written their own autobiographies in French. Huh. Nadine, who seems to have returned to living a private life also has written an autobiography. Get everyone make that money. Yeah. Make that autobiography money. Tell Your helicopter lesson story. Tell your story before someone fucking tells it for you. Yeah. You might as well. Yeah. It's called Stay Sexy and Don't Get Murdered. And it's available in audiobook and hard copy. That's right. The title of Michelle's book Translates to Loved, saved Me from Sinking.


And the Love of course is Jamila. Okay. But then there's a little helicopter on the on the cover today. Michelle is a very media friendly guy. He's given countless interviews to French reporters and documentarians. And in one interview he's asked by a producer what he'd say to a young man who wishes to follow in his footsteps. Michelle responds like this, oh God, who am I to lecture him? I think I'd say Go on jerk. Go on jerk. If you have the balls, nice. But you have, but you have no idea what a high price you'll pay. And so if you lose your balls, you'll end up rotting in your own bitterness. So go right ahead. End quote. And that is the story of the many prison escapes of French criminal, Michelle Eure.


Wow. That's the freshest quote I've ever fucking heard in my life. And that is our theme for 2025. Go ahead jerk. If you have the balls, but if you don't zip it. Yeah. Wow. Right. That was something else. That was fun. Flirty. French. French. All the things the three F's we're looking for. That's Right. Wow. Great job. Thank you. We're Back baby. Yeah. 20, 25. All Right. Hey, so I don't remember how we're ending this now. Do you? Well, we can just end it like that. We Could do you wanna do one of these? Let's do one. Okay. So we asked you guys, So you do remember Your last week?


Well, no, it says it at the top of this page. Your last week are like five weeks ago. We asked you instead of, what are you even doing right now? We asked you what you're excited for and what you wanna manifest in 2025. Did we use the word manifest? Probably sounds like us. So let's just each do one. You guys sent us a bunch and we fucking love that. Thank you so much. You can keep sending them. 'cause maybe we'll keep doing these here. I got one. Okay. This is from Sid Scott photo from Instagram and said, Scott Photo says, what am I even doing In 2025, proudly stepping into the role of the first woman president for the University Photographers Association of America established in 1961. The UPAA is committed to photographic excellence through continuing education of higher ed photographers.


That's cool. Yeah. And then it says, despite the name, our membership spans the globe. And this awesome organization has built a culture of support and skill sharing Like no other group I've been a part of. I'm excited to continue to foster equity, professionalism and comradery. Yes. In my new lead her ship role, and it's her as all Catholic. I got it. I get it. Did you get it? Yeah. Remember when the idea of taking something on seems scary? Look closer, you're likely being presented with an opportunity for personal growth. Sydnee Scott. President. U-P-A-A-I Love Iton. I'm gonna tell my sister to join. She's a photographer, professional photographer. Nice. Tell her to pretend she's in college and then she can go join. Oh, is that What it Was?


I think it is. Okay. Well, she went to college, so maybe, maybe That. Maybe you can be a, She can be a, She could be a, what do you, you call those people Mentor. Yeah. Mentor. Yeah. Okay. Mine is from our email and then the title is 2025. She's so cute. Says hello, today's my birthday and I just listened to you ask what I'm excited for. In 2025, according to the ever decreasing life expectancy in women, I am halfway through this life. Wow. And I'm oddly pumped, usually sad about my age. It hit me today. All the years I've lived, I get to live that same amount. And then it says, plus some fingers crossed emoji. That's so true. I love that. I'm sorry. How old is this person? I don't know, but I get it.


'cause like I'm 44 and it's like, if I lived to be like 90, I still have another full lifetime to live. If you're lucky. Yeah, I am. I am lucky. Turns out And I'm Gabriel. And then it says with people, I am choosing in a place I love with a clear mind and heart. That's the best part. You don't have to go through childhood again. Yes, That's right. Ugh. God. You get to be informed this time. Right. So it says, I've recently joined a group of 200 plus Black American women. We get together and chat and share resources, suggest doctors and safe practices. We are calling ourselves the 92% and the support is out of this world. Nice. It's a beautiful place to be. And allowed reminder that we haven't met everyone we will love.


Oh, Nice. How lucky are we to be growing old? Thank you for helping us learn and grow. Hello. 2025. May she do us right. Amen. Much love and strength. Kiana. Kiana. That is what we are looking for. That's the energy we're looking for. That was the energy we were looking for that It was the energy we were looking for. That was it. What about you? What are you manifesting in 2025? Everyone send us fucking a message on that. Yeah, Please. Let's like, I think I, I can't remember who I was saying this to, but my, the, my manifestation is like, I think it was Scotty Landis on New Year's. It was just kind of like, I don't know, maybe I'll get extensions and like become a party girl. Like, I just wanna keep it light.


Yeah. It would be fun to just have more fun and like be intentional about fun. Yeah. Especially if things are gonna get hard. Yep. It's like, and we all feel we have, we've done enough fear. We've done a lot enough like we've Done enough girl bossing and bad bitching and hustling and scaredy cat stuff like, right. Yeah. Yes. Now it's just fun times. Let's Do some fun And die Mad haters stay Salty. No, You have to do it for real. Oh no, that's, thanks everybody. This is our real New Year's. It's real New Year's for us now. So happy New Year. Thanks for listening.


Thank you. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow The show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength with its available eye force. Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus, the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Give your kids a summer full of fun and learning. Give them ID tech. ID Tech camps are all about high energy, fun, meeting new friends and our top by elite instructors. Located at 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country. ID tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, coding, game design, and more. There's something for every kid, ages seven to 17 at ID tech. Sign up@idtech.com and Use code ID tech to save $150 on a week of a lifetime.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.