
This is exactly right now streaming. What do you know about the Happy Face Killer? He's my father. He's so good to see you,


Missy. Experience the thrilling new series. He said he killed another woman inspired by a true life story. If I don't deal with him, he will never leave us alone. You don't see how they we're the same do you? Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid Star. I am not responsible for what my dad did. Just going how you hoped. Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


At the Hyundai Getaway sales event. Get deals so right, it almost feels wrong. Now's the best time to get that Hyundai car or SUV you've always wanted. Plus, every new Hyundai comes with America's best warranty and three years, or 36,000 miles of limited complimentary maintenance. Don't Think you can get away with all that. Think again, but don't wait. The Hyundai Getaway Sales Event is going on now. So visit your local Hyundai dealer today. It's a great day for a new Hyundai.


Goodbye.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, we have some exciting podcast news. That's Right. You might remember that a few weeks ago we had to say Goodbye to our beloved movie podcast. I saw what you did, But what we couldn't tell you at the time is that Millie Deco is coming back with an all new movie podcast called Dear Movies I Love You. Her co-host, Casey O'Brien was the producer of, I Saw What You Did. And the two became friends through their shared love of movies. And now on their new show, they'll be talking about the latest blockbusters cult classics and everything in between. They're gonna have guests, they're gonna play games, they're gonna chop it up. So after this episode, stick around So you can hear the trailer For our newest Oscar worthy podcast, dear movies, I love You. And after you listen to the trailer, head over to the Dear movies. I love You. Feed and click Follow So you don't miss the world Premiere on January 28th. And don't forget to follow dear movies. I love you on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts. Get ready to obsess over all things movies.


Yay. Yay. Goodbye. Goodbye. Listener note. Today's episode was recorded on October 27th, 2024. Hello, hello, Hello. And Welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard Stark. That's Karen Kilgar. And we're about to podcast into your ears. You ready for this one? I bet you are. Are Question mark. Press play.


I hope you Yeah, you know you started it. Yeah, you started it. Yeah. We're gonna finish it. We're About to Finish it. Are you ready? All right. Today's a shorty episode. That's right. I mean, not to immediately get in your face listener, but we have spoiled you over the years of doing these 25 fucking minute intros just to entertain ourselves. Yeah. But most podcasts just start. But sometimes we need to do just a podcast. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's what we're gonna do today. And I will tell you right now a story that I think you're gonna like. It's about a badass 18th century sex worker from Dublin Ireland who challenged both gender norms and social norms at a time when doing so was completely unheard of.


This is the story of Irish cortisone, peg Plunkett Peg. Yes. Get Ready. Main sources used for today's story are an article published on a WordPress blog called F Yeah. History by a writer named Natasha Tid. And the article is called The Brilliant and Ballsy Life of Ireland's favorite Cortisone Pig Plunket. And also another source is an article from the Women's Museum of Ireland website entitled Peg Plunkett Brothel Madam. And that article was written by Karen Moynihan, and the rest of our sources are in our show notes. Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends, until The day it all came crashing down.


When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But There's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus. There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right.


So how do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user-friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you.


So like there's no worry there. Look at that neira dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A RTI c.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh. But the best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too Late. But with Active Guard, outdoor protection simply saves monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The Cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah. I turned my non, even when I go to walk cookie, like mine is always on. Right? Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't. I don't think that's something we can ask for. But I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Goodbye. Goodbye. Alright. So Margaret Plunkett, who goes by the nickname Peg, plays it close to the chest about the details of her life overall. So basically there's a real good ending that I won't spoil, but she is the reason we know so much about her life. Okay? But of course, she doesn't basically tell anybody exact her exact date of birth or exactly how old you know, she is. Anything like that. She Controls the narrative in A very empowering and mysterious way. Okay. In terms of her age. So we don't know the exact year of her birth. It's believed to be sometime between 1727 and 1742.


But her memoirs do give some insight into her upbringing. She was born to a pair of first cousins. She's one of eight surviving children out of 22. Holy Shit. Yeah. That's how we like to do it. The Irish eight out of 22 and eight surviving, which is like the grief of losing more than half of your children is just like, Oh Yeah. How did people do it back then? So Peg grows up as a witty, fun-loving girl in west meets in the Irish countryside. It's the time of famine. But her father is a wealthy landowner. So pig actually gets to enjoy a nice life and gets a good education.


She's expected, of course, to find a suitable husband with a stable job, move outta the family home, and then, you know, with her husband, raise some children and build a her own family. Not a particularly exciting plan to peg. She's not necessarily all that into it, but she has watched her two older sisters follow this path. It doesn't seem that bad. So she accepts the trajectory, basically. 'cause she doesn't have any other choice like that. Yeah, that's what it was for women, totally. But all that changes after a fever infects her family. Peg manages to avoid infection. So her father sends her to live with an uncle until everyone hopefully recovers Jesus.


But by the time she returns, the illness has taken both her mother and her older brother. Oh my God. And her grief stricken fathers left in shambles. He has two emotionally and mentally unwell to care for his family. So he appoints his next oldest son, Christopher, to become the head of the household. But where pig's father was a kind and respectable man, Christopher is a power hungry monster. So instead of using the family's money to take care of his siblings or for the dowries, his unwed sisters need to find prospective husbands. He just spends it all on himself. Dude. He indulges in fancy clothing, food, drink all of it.


And then at home he is a tyrant, especially to peg in her sisters who are now forced to do all the household work. When any man tries to ask for one of their hands and marriages, Christopher shuts them down. He keeps the dowry money for himself. And also he wants to keep the sisters in his home, basically to be his servant. So one day Peg goes to visit a friend, and when she comes home, she finds all the doors locked. And this is Christopher's way of punishing her for leaving. He leaves her outside stranded in the cold and rain for an hour before letting her back in. So finally, one of pig's sisters runs off to Dublin where she meets a man who's willing to marry her without a dowry.


And so teenage pig is desperate to escape Christopher. So she runs off to join her sister in the city. She absolutely loves Dublin, spends all her time out and about flirting with the local lads. And soon the proposals start rolling in for Peg. Men are lining up to be with her, but she needs Christopher's permission. Fuck that Fucking Dick. And she needs the dowry money. He refuses, he forces pig to come home to Westmeath. And he's not happy that she left in the first place. He doesn't like that she started her own life. He begins to beat her. He whips her constantly covering her in bruises.


So she manages to escape again. She nearly elopes with the man behind her brother's back, even though that man is already engaged to another woman. But before they conceal the deal, Christopher and two of his friends break into the inn where Pig and her fiance are staying. And they have, they're armed with guns. They scare off the fiance and they drag pig back home to Westmead where Christopher gives her yet another terrible beating. Shit. He is so abusive to Pig and her younger sister, but where a pig is rebellious and tries to escape, her sister has a harder time avoiding feelings of despair and hopelessness about the situation.


She falls into a deep depression. She stops eating and she eventually dies of malnutrition. Oh My God. So yes. Horrible situation. Like in a horrible turn. Yeah. Where it's like you grow up in one way and then all of a sudden it all just goes so dark. Yeah. But the dad like, where's the dad? I know. Like he's still alive. You know, like Yeah. I mean, chances are knowing how we Irish do it, he's just an alcoholic. Yeah. And he just kind of like can't be in real world. Yeah. That's an assumption on my part. I don know what pig's father was really doing. Allegedly. Allegedly, Allegedly. Allegedly. Alcoholism is a disease.


Okay. After her sister's death, peg gets the worst beating of her life. She's whipped so badly, she vomits blood and loses consciousness. Oh my God. It takes three months of bedridden recovery. But she survives. And once she does, she decides she's getting away from her abusive brother once and for all. Yeah. She convinces her father, who, as we just said, is still letting Christopher run the household, but she does convince her father to give her enough money to pay for a carriage ride back to Dublin. And when she gets to Dublin, she moves back in with her married sister. And she slowly regains her health and her confidence and her enthusiasm for life.


She's still traumatized and in a fragile state. So when her brother-in-law introduces her to his friend, who she in her memoirs identifies as a Mr. Ardis pig is easily swept up in his kindness, he sympathizes with all the hardships she's been through, and of course that makes her swoon and the two begin a romance. What Do you think is gonna happen next? Yes, I'm good. Peg makes a very risky 18th century decision. She decides to have sex with Mr. Dardi Before marriage. Yeah. But she's sure he's gonna marry her. So she isn't concerned about ruining her reputation.


She's basically been let along. Yeah. To believe this is like both of them are in this together. Right. So she does. And then she discovers she's pregnant. And when she tells him, she now knows now, well now we have to get married. But suddenly Mr. Darris has cold feet. Ugh. When she tells him he's ruined her reputation, he agrees to put her up in a brothel so she can deliver the baby in secret. Oh my God. So she agrees. She continues to see him. He comes to the brothel to see her, but of course she's like, hole up there, she can't leave. Yeah. So she's very unhappy there and very anxious. And she's isolated from her family and friends.


So now P'S sister starts to wonder where she is, and then the word gets out that Peg had Dar DE's baby. Mm. So before Peg gets a chance to explain everything, her sister disowns her. Mm. Oh come. Because It's all about reputation in the 17 hundreds. This Is like just bad, fucking bad cloud. It's bad vibes, bad vibes, bad cloud. So not only is pig's sister disgusted by the fact that pig had sex out of wedlock, which so did Mr. Darti. Yeah. It's like that thing of like, Hey, she didn't do it by herself. Right. And she got pregnant 'cause there's no fucking birth control. I mean, right. And she was a teenager, so she kind of didn't know.


Like she was like, this is romantic love. Totally. But her sister's also horrified. Peg lived in a brothel during her pregnancy. So Peg tries to go visit her sister to hash things out and beg her for her forgiveness. But her sister calls her a quote vile wretch and slams the door in her face. Mm. So of course, P'S completely destroyed by her sister's rejection. It's like if it weren't for Mr. Dus and the baby peg would be completely alone in the world. But shortly after this, the baby passes away. So now Mr. Ardis feels absolutely no obligation to take care of Peg anymore. And he kicks her out of his house.


Oh My God. Can you listen? Homeless Pig finds the cheapest boarding room possible and moves in and with no means of income. She's left selling her own belongings piece by piece until she says quote, she's reduced nearly to nakedness. Oh My God. And then here's another quote from her memoirs. Pig writes, quote, I remained in that boarding room till I had nothing but what covered me. Not one single article wherewith to change what I wore. And for eight days had lived only on one pound of hung beef and a few potatoes using the water in which they were boiled as the only diluter of my wretched scanty meals. Mm.


So now she's desperate and she does the unthinkable. She returns to her family home and begs her abusive brother to take her back. Oh man. But her destroyed reputation precedes her and her horrible controlling brother refuses to let her back in the house. And with nowhere left to go, she has to turn around and walk back to Dublin. Jesus. So on this long walk back from the country into the city, peg runs into two men who offer her a meal and tea. She declines them. At first. She's very wary of their intentions. She's been through this. Now she's a little wiser. But then when she runs into them a second time, she decides to take them up on their offer.


They lead her to a tea house and they introduce her to a wealthy wine cellar named Mr. Thomas Cofield. Mr. Cofield takes an immediate interest in Peg. She's really pretty by the way. There's like an etching I can show you. And she's like, it just makes me sad. It's like she didn't have anybody in her early teens, in her adolescence to kind of be like, Hey, keep an eye out for this. Right. He will do this. Wait for that. Nothing. Right. Totally. No guidance. So Mr. Caulfield takes an immediate interest in Peg. He asks her all about her life while she's eating her hot meal. And he's shocked to hear about the conditions in which pig has been living. He wants to see where she lives, to see if she's really telling the truth about this tragic situation.


She agrees to show him and they start walking to P'S boarding room on the way Mr. Caulfield slips too Guinea into P'S bosom. And he tells her that if she indeed is as poor as she says she is, he'll take care of her, protect her and personally see that she never goes hungry again. I never, this is gone. So yeah, of course, from our vantage point, it's clear Mr. Caulfield is gonna take advantage of pig. But she's pig's young. She's in dire straits. And this is what she later says in her memoirs quote, there are many virtues which when carried beyond their due bounds degenerate into vices. One of those is gratitude.


Mm. The misery Ida undergone or present to my mind, and he had promised he would screen me from their future approach. All these thoughts rushed at once into my mind, awakened my sincerest acknowledgements and I esteemed it. But a grateful return to promise all he requested. So that's just a fancy way of Higg saying that she just decided to exchange sex for financial support from a man. And why shouldn't she? She's already been taken advantage of by Mr. Darti suffered the miscarriage of their child was discarded by him, has nowhere to go. Yeah. She has been rejected by her own shitty, abusive family.


She's literally has nothing to lose. She's in her twenties. So she's like, why wouldn't I? Yeah. So she hooks up with Mr. Caulfield. She gets pregnant key vows to continue taking care of her and the baby even after he marries a different woman. He actually sticks to this promise, though he provides for Pig and their son. But now Pig is considered a quote unquote fallen woman. So she spends her nights visiting Dublin's many taverns and musicals. She meets other quote unquote, fallen women, and they teach her the ropes of becoming a professional high-end sex worker. And just like that, peg starts making her own income on top of the financial support that she's getting from Mr.


Cofield. But in a tragic echo of her past, this baby that she has with Mr. Cofield also passes away. Oh. And when that baby dies, Mr. Cofield cuts her off. He learns that she's been seeing other clients and he's basically like, that's that. So yet again, peg is alone in the world. But unlike last time, she now has her own way of making money. So she keeps working and she keeps partying at pubs and looking for new Johns to keep herself afloat. And one day she meets a well-to-do man, she identifies as a Mr. Leason. It's M's. Great-great-grandfather, Lisa Nim, Leason Li, not Nim.


Liam. Liam. Liam. So Mr. Leason becomes infatuated with Peg. And So he moves her into his lavish country estate in kil Dare. Okay. Where he Right things are, things are looking up. He makes her feel like royalty. And because he does all this for her, she sees fewer and fewer clients. And this kind of helps her maintain the image that she's just keeping herself only for Mr. Leason. At one point. She even takes his last name going by either Peg or Margaret Leason. But she is not in love with him. Okay. She, like many of us, has fallen in love with Dublin's nightlife. Mm. That's what she's really about.


And she's grateful of course for everything this man's done for her. But their relationship is purely transactional to her. It is not romantic. Pretty soon her partying and her meetings with other Johns increase. And when Mr. Leason catches on, he is furious. He demands, she stops sleeping with other men. But at this point in her life, peg has had enough of listening to men. She's a businesswoman now, and she's sick of the double standard that women have to remain chased while men can just go out and do whatever they want. When she expresses this Mr. Lisa, he proposes to her hoping that marriage will set pigs straight, but she turns them down.


Huh. And she'll later write quote, I looked upon marriage merely as a human institution, calculated chiefly to fix the legitimization of children and oblige parents to bring them up and provide for them to ascertain the dissent of property. And also to bind two persons together, even if they might be disgusted and heartily tired of one another. Yikes. Okay. And then I wrote, sounds like Pig's been on my side of TikTok, but like having this opinion, and especially writing about it in the 18th century. Yeah. Being bold enough and like brave enough to put it on paper is revolutionary. She is truly a badass.


Totally. Which is like kind of the result of tragedy. Yeah. Like when you go through bad shit. Yes. It's hard. Yes. There's trauma and also your spine gets real thick. Yeah. You get real brave. Resilience is a motherfucker. Yeah. So of course when Peg turns down Mr. Leeson's marriage proposal, their business relationship ends too. And so Peg goes back to her old routine trying to see as many Johns, you know, as she wants, basically earning her own money and partying in Dublin. And then she ends up meeting a John that is named Buck Lawless. Damn. Which is hot and old Buck becomes one of pigs regulars.


But she actually soon finds herself falling head over heels for him. Hmm. And it's actually the real thing. This time in the initial bliss of their relationship, peg remains faithful to Buck and she stops sex work altogether. But her past is too much for Buck to handle emotionally. He starts getting jealous anytime he sees Peg even talking to another man, which then leads to bickering, which turns into intense fighting. And soon Buck starts physically abusing Peg. And it doesn't stop even after he knows she is pregnant with his baby. And at one point he beats her so badly that she has a miscarriage.


Oh My God. But she stays with him. 'cause this is kind of what she knows. Yeah. Right. And she ends up getting pregnant with him again. So it's just seems like she is in another impossible situation with a man. But luck strikes when Buck Lawless, who is seeking new financial opportunities, decides to set out for America. And So he leaves her and suddenly she's free from his tyrannical reign and she's left with their daughter and to live the life she wants to live. Buck has promised that he's gonna send money once he gets to America. No money ever comes. So she goes back to the one thing she can depend on sex work.


But now Peg isn't just looking for a stable income, she wants a higher income. So this is now the mid 1770s. And she Pig and her friend and fellow sex worker, Sally Hayes, decide to team up and start their own high-end brothel. Okay. So instead of settling for cheap rent in a poorer neighborhood to work out of, the women pull all their funds together and spring for a nice place in a wealthy neighborhood. Similar care is taken in selecting the other ladies who will be working there. They all must be beautiful, well-dressed, have enough of an education to carry on a conversation about either art or politics or music.


When Johns visit the house, they're served champagne and treated to a full night of partying and entertainment. So Pig and Sally are offering a much more complete experience rather than just cheap fast sex. And their brothel immediately gains a reputation among Dublin's wealthy men for being a cut above. Right. And business starts booming. And Pig and Sally spend their money like crazy. They buy themselves the finest clothes, the best food, all the drinks. They party together almost every single night. And they have the time of their lives. And then Pig gets a surprise. Buck Lawless returns.


No. From America. And like any toxic ex, he reaches out and asks her to come visit him in Cork. She refuses at first, but she still has feelings for Buck. He was, I can't say her first true love, but like she did love him. So Sally convinces her just to go see him. And she says she'll go along for protection. So the two women get to Cork and PE decides she and Sally should take advantage of Buck the way he took advantage of her. So they start partying in Cork on Buck's dime. And they do it for a while, like a couple weeks.


But P'S taste for revenge softens. And soon she and Buck rekindled our relationship. And by the time Peg returns to Dublin, she is again pregnant with Buck's Child. Oh No. Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends, Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face


killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But There's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


You may love the finer things in life like soft, cashmere, silk, and effortlessly chic fashion. But your bank account probably doesn't always agree.


Fortunately We have Quince. With Quince, you can get quality luxury essentials without the hefty price tag like their Mongolian cashmere sweater starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it it. And if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I feel like I need to apologize to people. 'cause I have one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters in the dark gray and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter, where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times. And I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for $50, Quince


cares about us. It feels like. It's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We Should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear different ones every day of the week. I mean, I absolutely will Give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye. Spring is in the air fresh flowers, crisp mornings, that first warm breeze through an open window. It's the time of year when everything smells amazing. And thanks to Pretty Litter Your Home Can Too.


Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ships free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean, a huge thing if Kitty litter shipped to your door alone is an amazing convenience and perk. But then the fact that Pretty Litter helps you track your cat's health and make sure that your cat is doing okay as it like takes care of odor in your home. What more do you want? Yeah. As someone with an older kitty cat and looking at you Mimi, it is like such peace of mind to know that if something's going on with her kidneys, I'll know immediately instead of like months in the future when she shows me some other sign. Pretty litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy Pretty litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


So now she's feeling like things are back on track. She's running a successful business. She has a boyfriend named Buck Lawless. But in keeping with the unfortunate cycles of P'S, life Trouble is right around the corner. And this is awful. In November of 1779, a gang of seven college boys calling themselves the pinking, DDY break into pig's home and rape and beat her mercilessly. Oh My God. And her 2-year-old daughter watches in horror as her mom is incapacitated by this monstrous gang of men. Peg survives the ordeal, but the baby she was pregnant with does not.


And soon after her 2-year-old daughter dies too. Oh My God. And in her memoirs, peg attributes, her toddler's death to shock. Oh, horrifying. How much can one fucking person, Right. That's Just awful. And yet Peg does not crumble where she absolutely could have and maybe should have. Instead she decides to sue these men. Yes. Which is like unheard of. Yeah. Like this single woman, like out there alone. And she basically sues them, the head of the gang tells her to drop the lawsuit or he'll kill her. Jesus. But she will not be intimidated.


She presses on, she wins the case. So the perpetrators don't only land in jail, but once their sentences are served, they're banished from Dublin. Nice. So as P is kind of going through all that, buck Lawless is making a plan to move to London. And he tells Peg he wants her to come with him. Peg loves the life she's built for herself in Dublin. She doesn't wanna leave it or her business. She certainly doesn't wanna go to London. But Buck pushes her saying she needs a fresh start after all the things that she's suffered. So she finally gives in, she moves to London to be with the man she loves and to recover.


And once she gets there, she finds out Buck has been sleeping with another woman Buck. So of course she's angry, but she's also resilient and she's determined to make the most of her time in London. She finds British people to be uptight and too concerned with pleasing local nobility. And this is kind of a a running thing in P'S life. She doesn't like these like upper class men. Yeah. And probably for great reason. Yeah. I mean they've, those men, these rich men around her have failed her. Have beaten her, totally. Have used her, whatever. So she kind of was like, it's so funny.


So she's a rebel. She decides to have some fun. One afternoon she sees the Prince of Wales in a tailor shop customizing a fancy waistcoat. So she goes in after him, orders the same waistcoat and then gives it to her shoemaker. Nice. So She's basically like, oh, you think you're the one that only now there's two of those dresses on the red carpet. Hell yeah. And then later on she's riding in her carriage down the street and the prince, that same prince comes riding along. And I guess the thing they did was like everyone knowing it was the Prince of Wales would clear off the street like a firetruck So he can have the street all to himself, not pig. She rides right along next to him and makes it clear to him that she considers him to be just another person like anybody else.


Love it. But very quickly, pig gets bored of London. So she goes back to Dublin and she gets back into her brothel business with Sally. She's finally back in her element. She runs the business, she's partying with her friends, but then like really quickly and outta the blue, she marries a man named Barry Ton. And Barry Ton isn't just any guy. He's the son of a baron and he is insanely rich. Okay. So marrying him means that now people have to refer to Peg as quote the right Honorable Mrs. Berton. Yeah, they do. And I want that title from now on.


Right, Right. Honorable. Right, honorable. So this is kind of like the perfect middle finger to anybody who has disrespected her for being a sex worker for all the shit she's gone through. And clearly she's doing it for the money. Sadly, Barry actually has feelings for Pig. She just wants the status. She just kind of wants, she's basically like, don't hate the player, hate the game. Yeah. And it's all a game. So let's do this thing. They actually go through with the wedding, but very soon after Barry's father goes to Peg and says, I will pay you off to get out of here. Wow. And she's like, sounds good to me. And gets paid off and leaves Poor Barry.


You know, Barry was one goofy motherfucker who's like, what are you doing? He was like an awkward mama's boy. Goofball. He got played. He got worked By his wife and father. Yeah. Oh Yeah. So at this point, it's the 1790s pig figures. It's time to retire. She has spent around 30 years in the cortisone business, both as a sex worker and as a brothel madam. She's amassed enough money to live comfortably for the rest of her life. Wow. Or so she thinks, oh, a large portion of her retirement funds are IOUs left by the wealthy former clients that she Had credit.


So basically everything on credit, They did it on credit and she assumed that they would pay. 'cause she knows they have money, but when she goes and tries to collect on them, they won't pay. Yeah. And this is bad news for her because she's already bought a beautiful country house outside of Dublin in the city of BlackRock. So, and she bought it on credit, obviously. So now all the money she is owed is not coming in. Her debt catches up to her, and before she knows it, she's thrown in prison for failing to make house payments. But life will not get pegged. Plunket down. No, it Won't. It just won't. She's a warrior. Yeah. So as she's sitting in prison, she realizes there's one thing that she still has on her side, and it's the truth as a cortisone, her discretion was a huge asset in the success of her business.


But now she has no reason to keep quiet about her decades of salacious interludes with the noble men who will not pay her now Blackmail black. It's something with blackmail though. It's like, oh, you're not gonna say anything then I'm sending it to fucking collections. Yeah. Which in this case is your reputa. I'm collecting your fucking reputation, bitch. That's right. Right. She's been a person who has been made to suffer by that concept of reputations all her life. Yeah. So she's like, fine, let's do the reputation thing. Yeah. Yeah. So she writes to all the men, and she's, I think fair about this, where it's like it's black mail, but she's basically saying, she's writing to all of them and saying, you owe me money and I plan to release an intimately detailed tell all book about my life.


So the way you keep your name outta this book is you pay me what you owe me. Yeah. Yeah. Some of them take her seriously and hand over the money. Others doubt her suspecting either she's bluffing or she couldn't even write a book if she wanted to. And those men that doubted her lose big time because Peg publishes not just one, but three tell all memoirs about, about her life and in everyone she publishes the names of the politicians, military personnel, clergymen and you know, like fancy royal guys. Yeah. Oh, the scandal.


Oh, the scandal. I don wanna be in like a cafe when those get released on the day of and everyone's just like, did you see so and so's in that? And like, I mean, It's like such a brilliant idea and it's such a like, Oh Yeah, fuck all this shit. Like why would I ever go along with this idea of that I'm supposed to be the one Right. With the discretion and with that holds all the, Keep those secrets. Yeah. And it's like, oh, you're a scumbag that not only Right. You know, like cheats on your wife or all the reasons that you think it's bad that you're getting caught going to a sex worker. Right. Why would I keep that secret? You don't even pay your bills. You're paying for discretion and if you haven't paid it for it, then it doesn't belong to you.


That's Right. You know, then if you're gonna cheat and she gets to cheat. Yeah. So the first volume comes out in 1795. It is a massive hit. Of course the people of Ireland cannot, cannot stop. It's selling out. People can't wait to get their hands on what is basically the hottest piece of gossip of their lifetimes. Fuck Yes. I wanna be there. I know the money Pig earns from the sales of this book is more than enough to pay off her debts to get her outta prison. But the success is so massive. She figures why stop there? Her second volume of memoirs comes out a year later in 1796. And it does just as well as the first, so of course Peg decides to write a third book, but before it hits the shelves in 1797, peg Plunkett passes away at around 70 years old.


We'll never know because she never would admit how old she was. That's kind of old for that time. Right? Like that's a like it's not now obviously, but for back then, like that's an like an old lady legitimately It. It seems like it. Yeah. For, yeah. When I would guess median age was like around 50 or 60, I don know. Yeah. All three volumes of pegs memoirs are in the public domain and are available to read online for free. Historian Julie Piman has also compiled a condensed version of the Tell All with her own analysis and commentary called Peg Plunket memoirs of a Whore. While Pegs story is filled with tragedy, it's one that completely upends the expectations of an 18th century quote, fallen Woman.


Because Peg took the time to write her own story in her own voice, it gave her the chance to humanize her plight and honor her own brilliance and fortitude on her own terms. And that is the story of Irish cortisone Peg Plunket. Wow. Yeah. Wow. I mean, what resilience, Also imagine if like a man wrote her story and how it would turn out, it's like that idea of women actually being the ones to do it so that it's preserved the way. Yeah. They, they get to represent themselves. Yeah. Pretty Cool. It seems like agency was very important to her and she was able to fucking create a life around it.


It's pretty amazing. Yeah. Really good. Great Job. Thank you for telling that story. Thank you for listening. Actively. We've done it again. We did it again. Thank you guys for listening to this quote, short episode. But like seriously, It's never short. It's never short. We Are Never Brief. We, that's Our promise to you. That's right. We promised to never shut the fuck up. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Movies? I love you Movies.


You've seen them, but Have you loved them? Like really, really loved them? I'm Millie Deko. I'm a film programmer, historian, writer, and former co-host of I Saw What You Did, And I'm Casey O'Brien, producer of, I Saw What You Did, filmmaker and Lover of Movies, And now we're teaming up again to host our brand new film podcast. Dear movies, I love you. We're two unlikely friends coming together to pull off a big score. It's not unlike John Pierre Melville's Lair Rouge, Or like th and Louise holding hands careening off a cliff. The point is, we want to talk about all the movies we're crushing on from hidden gems to blockbuster favorites.


Each week, Casey and I will talk about what's going on in the world of cinema. From new releases in the theater to what we're streaming at home. There's going to be heated debates, flawless recommendations, and guest luminaries from every corner of the film industry And some of our funniest friends. So whether you're a dedicated cinephile or just someone who loves quoting Mean Girls, this is the movie podcast for you. Come obsessed with us over the one crush that actually loves you back. Dear movies, I love you Premier's Tuesday, January 28th. Listen, wherever you get your podcasts, This has been an exactly right production.


Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana sce. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite Murder and Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs and stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


ID tech. The first and most trusted tech camp is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people the coding and creating people, the fire breathing shell, spinning battle bots, people the just as happy building games as they are playing them. People. At 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country, ID tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, game design and more. Visit id tech.com and Use code ID tech to save $150 on a week. That's guaranteed to be a highlight of summer


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.