
This is exactly right. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer Experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now, when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available Afro features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places


Every day our world gets a little more connected, but a little further apart. But then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey, I was just in an accident. Don't worry, we'll Get you taken care Of. At Amica, we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human amica. Empathy is our best policy.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite murder. That Is Georgia Hard Start. And that is Karen Kilgar. And today we are so thrilled to be talking to the two people you might already know. She is a film programmer and historian. He's a filmmaker, and They just ended a critically acclaimed four year run on the podcast. I saw what you did, And now they're back with a new show that premieres Tuesday, January 28th on the exactly right network. It's Called Dear Movies. I Love You. Please welcome Millie Deko and Casey O'Brien. Woo. Hello. Hi Guys. Could you tell we were reading off a teleprompter? Oh, it felt really good though.


Pros we're just pros at this. How would you guys synopsize what you're doing on your podcast? Yeah. Or like what the, you know, what's your elevator pitch of the podcast? It's The vibe. Yeah. Well, you know, it's, the name of the podcast is Dear Movies. I Love You. So it is kind of, you know, we say it's a, you know, having a crush on movies, it's an infatuation with movies. It's a sincere celebration of film and film culture. And we just want it to be accessible to people because, you know, Amelia and I, we can get in the weeds about like art house bullshit, but we like, but we want to talk about it in a way that's like fun.


And we also, we like highbrow, we like really lowbrow too. And so we want it to be like an inviting, fun, cute podcast. Yeah. Millie, anything to add to that? Well, You know, I think I'm gonna get deep, perhaps a little deeper than Casey's just revealed. I personally fuck me when I was I'm kidding. He, you're not the MBO of the podcast, by the way. You're fine. You're not a film mbo. As as, as I've heard in the past, I, I really, I think over the past couple years, especially during CVID, especially during, I don't know, just like living and life and bad news and you know, things happening in the world, I started really thinking about like my relationship to movies because, you know, as a person who like lives alone and you know, a lot of, and, and has worked in movies for over 20 years, I started thinking about like, what, like, do I have an emotional relationship with movies?


Like of course they're entertaining. Of course it's my job. Of course, it's an intellectual pursuit, I guess, but what's like my emotional relationship to it? Like, do they do things for me? Are they my or comfort? Are they my partner for crying out loud? I mean, honestly. Mm. And I started thinking about it in that way where I was like, I don't know. Like I think they are like, it's the one thing that has consistently stayed in my life that has been like my refuge from all the bullshit, right? And there's some kind of, I don't know, I have this like, you know, deep feeling of appreciation for like what the art form, I guess if you wanna call it, that has done for my life in that emotional kind of way.


And so that's why I think when we were like, how, what's the vibe? You know, I was like, I don't know, we just love movies. We're like in love with movies. We have, we, we like have crushes on movies. And Casey like immediately was like, of course. Like, I get it. You know? And so, I don't know, I think that that's sort of, I think what the podcast is also about is it's about sort of like being in love with this wacky world that we're in and you know, just sort of, I don't know, like being very earnest and sincere about it. So Yeah. And I think there's a lot of like judgment about like, what movies you like or like what movies affect you the most.


Like, it's very easy to be like, oh, that's a, you know, people will throw mo, you know, I said this even earlier where I was like, this is a stupid movie. Like, I can't hardly wait or 10 things I hate about You, but those make me feel a certain way and that is meaningful to me. And so I think our movie one, our, our podcast wants to kind of, you know, ri hold up all types of films and make them, you know, celebrate them equally and they, they're meaningful equally. It's, it's more about like how these movies make us feel rather than, you know, the, the intellectual value that something has.


If that makes sense. Yeah. I what I love about that too is it, I mean, it kind of reminds me of our podcast and even the true crime has nothing to do with what you guys are doing, but it's finding your people too, who can talk about this one movie for hours, even if they don't like it with you. Yeah. And you know, yeah. Like the two of you found each other and then your audience and your listeners are gonna be like absolutely. Or know you're wrong, but you're still connecting in a way that's hard to do these days. It feels like everyone's just kind of having these, you know, superficial connections. But if you have this like, interest that you're so passionate about Yeah. You can really connect with people. Yeah. I feel like, and you know, listeners, when you listen to episode one, like there you, you'll get that kind of that party.


It's like movie party vibe where like, the first time I listened to it, just your guys' chitchat where each topic and each movie and each thing that came up, it was like all in like super interest, super passion and, but then also just like these different takes where it's like, you know, waxing poetic about the Magic Mike trilogy, where it's like, I never thought about that before. That's really true. Like, just that kind of thing where it's like you can be, you can be deep and analytical kind of about anything you want as long as you like it enough. And it, it felt like that, you know? Well, Thank you. Yeah. There's also like an episode that we have coming up that I really love because it, we're talking about a movie that Casey is extremely passionate about and is like a movie like basically that his, the movie that radicalized him, that made him a film person, quote unquote.


And it was, we ha and it was a movie that I had a very different opinion on. And we talk all that out in a way that I think is really cool. Like, just because there was something that he loves and connects with that I didn't really get, get me in the same way I was so like, interested in just hearing him talk about it and hearing his relationship with it and sort of like what he liked about it. And I don't know, I mean, I feel like that is something that, that our podcast is doing and will do really well, is just having that mutual respect for each other's taste. I mean, honestly, like, and that's something that I think is a thing that makes film people so annoying or intimidating is that you have like, like I said, like the wrong taste.


You have bad taste, right? You don't like the right things. And I don't really see it that way ever. I don't ever see people having that. Like, I don't, I would rather listen and be fascinated by your passion for something than just shitting on you for liking a movie I don't like, do you know what I mean? Yeah. I love that. So, yeah. So you guys on your podcast usually start by telling each other the movies that you've watched recently? Yes. What movies have you watched recently? Millie, you go first. Oh God. I gotta pull out my phone. Letterboxed. Oh, she's gonna go, she has to be legit. I got to be legit. I Did you watch a movie today? I, I, I watched a movie last night in the past, so it's been the past 24 hours.


I watched this movie called Better Man. Have you heard of this movie? Is this the Robbie Williams movie? It is the Robbie Williams animatronic Monkey. Oh, he's a monkey. Yes. What Actually, it's not animatronic, it's like weird CGI, right? Yeah. Yeah. That movie to me was so much better than it had any Right to be. I don't know why. Oh, I was like expecting to go with it being like, this is gonna be one of the most genuinely bizarre like weird outsider art things of our generation. And I was like, it's actually kind of good. Like legit good. Wow. Yeah. Good, good for Robbie.


Yeah. I mean he was a superstar. Yeah. Well that's, that's what I think is so fascinating about it to be honest. 'cause I'm like, okay, they let this movie happen, like now where it's like, here's a star who, who was essentially not as famous here in America as he was, you know, in Europe who has hasn't really been around for like 20 years and he is a monkey. And it like, I'm like, and it's his life story. I was like, wow, I can't believe that they let that happen. I was actually really impressed that that happened. So anyway. Wow. I feel like the whole narrative with Robbie Williams is like, nobody knows about him in America. And then like this movie came out and it was like, this movie's bombing in America and it's like, we don't know who he is.


Why would we go see this movie? Right. You've never seen this monkey. We don't, we can't support this monkey. We don't know him. Casey, what did you watch recently? Okay, so I watched this movie called, and I was really weeping during this movie. No, truly, madly, deeply. Have you ever seen this movie? Which One's that? It's like my favorite movie of all time. Oh, it's what? Yes. I I had never, I had like seen bits of it, but I watched it the other night and it's so beautiful and touching. It came out in like 1990. It's with Alan Rickman and Yes, you told me about it. Yeah. Juliet Stevenson. Juliet Stevenson. And basically the premise is her boyfriend Alan Rickman dies is dead.


This is you. This is not a spoiler. This happened, this is the beginning of the movie, but he comes back as a ghost and it's, it's so romantic and sweet and silly and I was like, this is like one of my new favorite movies of all time. I'm not even kidding. It was, it was, I'm Literally writing it down right now. Well Also because it's so heavy, like they do, they don't try to clean anything up. No, it's not the American version of if a, a girl's boyfriend died that she lived with and obviously is her life partner. It is like there's a scene, I think it begins with a scene where she's at the therapist Yeah. Sobbing and trying to explain how isolated she feels because he's gone and she's walking around and all these people are living life and whatever and she's ugly crying to a degree where it is like, I was like, who is this woman?


Wow. Yes. She's incredible. She's such a good actress. It's like showing grief the way it really is, which is so hard for anyone to like do if you don't understand And the end total No spoiler. But also be careful 'cause of me, because I don I don't keep my promises, but essentially the reveal. Should I not say the reveal? Don't Say the reveal. I don't wanna know. Okay. Okay. Because that reveal when I first watched it, and same Casey where it was me, my friend Dave Messmer, who we worked at The Gap together and his friend and she's the one that was like, we have to watch this movie. And all three of us were sobbing Yes. At the end. Like, together, don't Tell Me Sobbing.


It was crazy. And it was just one of those weird, like it's just a perfect nineties, like real life. I don't know. Yeah. I mean I was, I immediately when the movie started and it's like happy tears. I feel like I felt good at the end of it. It's not like a downer. It's a happy movie. No, I think. Okay. It's beautiful. It's Really beautiful and I really, I truly madly deeply loved it. And who's the director? Do you remember offhand? Yes. It's Anthony Menella who did the English patient and the Talented Mr. Ripley. It was his first Movie. Oh, so good. Yeah. Wow. It's his first movie. Yeah. Really good. And sing. How did I miss that as if I haven't missed every single fucking movie that has come out in the past.


You're not movie people, which I think is what, like this would be a perfect podcast for you. Yeah. 'cause it's, I think Casey and Millie kind of pulling people into the movie world, like it's gonna be Okay, we're with you. Come In. You know what I am, I'm a, I find a movie I like and I watch it 40 times. Yeah. And there's no other, and I don't watch any other movies. It's not like, like I love this director. I'm gonna watch all their movies. I don't do that. I just, I don I do that too. I do that too. Yeah. There's no Shame Of That's thing Shame's our podcast. There's no shame. Yeah, We are cringe, but we are free. We say that all, all the Time. We are cringe, but we're free. Exactly. Yeah. Can you guys give individually or together as a, as a team, like three movies that you would recommend to people who love movies but are intimidated by, by, by coming into like a cinema cinemagraphic world.


Yeah. Is that the right word? Sure. Like coming into the world of film people, that That's not so deep and like you have to understand the meaning of, but it'll get you to those other movies that then you then you can appreciate because you, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like what, what do they call them? Like Gateway, gateway, gateway. Gateway. Gateway. Gateway drugs. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well, I guess I have a question. How do you feel about subtitles? Because for some people that's a big hurdle. I, I don't mind it. Okay. I think the gateway part though, for like the masses, there shouldn't be though. Maybe one out of three, right? One out of three. Okay. Whatever's needed. Millie, do you have, did any come to mind immediately?


Yeah, I'm thinking on it. Well, this might be actually interesting exercise because Casey and I are, I'm a little older than Casey and I feel like this might be like, it's gonna be showing our generational roots perhaps. You know what I'm saying? Because I think about like what kind of got me into Phi, if you will. Like what was the movie that was the, the bridge between like, I don't know, 16 Candles and I don't know, three Colors Red or something.


I'm trying to think of something. I mean I think for me she's Speaking in kind of film gibberish Yes. Language right now. So thank you for trying. If you didn't understand that, don't worry everybody. Well, I mean to me, I think when I first kind of was like in high school and in college and I was kind of making that jump, I mean honestly I think it was a lot of the in American independence stuff from the nineties. So like I'm thinking of things like, you know Jim Jarm, stranger Than Paradise or Down by Law or you know, Allison Anders, gas, food, lodging, you know, this kind of stuff that was sort of like in the kind of indie cinema stuff in the nineties.


That's what I was kind of like, Oh Yeah. There was like, you know, SNL comedies and then there's this, right? Yeah. And so that's kind of how I started kind of getting into like more of a kind of cinema world. Right. But then I also think too, stuff like Stanley Kubrick, like The Shining that those types of movies that are kind of like horror but then kind of what they would call maybe like elevated horror now, which drives me crazy. But you know, in a way it's like here's a horror movie, which is kind of traditionally a genre that brings in a lot of like young people. It's kind of brought audience stuff, but then like it's a little bit more stylish and is a little bit more open-ended in terms of themes.


So maybe something like that. Like The Shining. Yeah. And then for a third, I mean, I gotta say, I mean again, this is sort of like maybe for a little people who are a little bit younger, but like those like early Wes Anderson movies like Bomb Rocket or like, I mean Rushmore Rushmore was kind of my favorite out of that stuff. Yes. But you know, even like World 10 Moms, I feel like that kind of stuff would take, would basically set you up in terms of, okay, so here's like an AAU tourist director who has, who's building a sort of cinema language for his work. You know what I mean? And that's kind of, I don't know, maybe if you're kind of getting into that kind of stuff, that would be like a good entry point.


So that's perfect. Yeah, actually my niece Sophie texted me because she went and saw The Shining at the theater and she was like, Hey, I just saw the shiny, you've seen that, right? And I was just like, this is so weird. Of course I was like, yes, of course. She's like, it was so good. It was crazy. And I'm like, yeah, I, it was like the cutest kind of discovery moment that she wanted she brought to me. Aw. Because she was like, I feel like you're the kind of person that would appreciate that movie. And I'm like, yes I do. I really do. Yeah. I would say, I think that's right on. I think there are some like gateway directors that are like, kinda like how, you know, my cinephile sort of like found their way into movies for my age.


You know, Millie mentioned I'm very young that, so like I would say Paul Thomas Anderson is a really good director to kind of follow his career. 'cause he did like Boogie Nights, which is art house film, I would say, but also like a major studio film. But then, you know, he did like, there Will be Blood a few years later, which is a lot, I would say darker and weirder. And that was like nominated for like best picture and stuff. But it kind of is a good way to like get into more of the like highbrow, you know, cinephile movies.


And then, so that's like more on the easier end. And I would say like, you know, we're recording this today. One of the great film directors died. So Sad. Yeah. David Lynch my favorite director and he's like a great, that he's kind of, you have to, if you wanna get into film, you have to see some of his movies. And I would say the entry point for that for him would be Blue Velvet. I would say. Yes. It's a weird movie. It feels weird. It feels like this is like no other movie I've ever seen. But the plot makes sense and you can understand why things are happening where that cannot be said for most of his other movies.


So that's like a good, if you wanna get into David Lynch, I would say start with Blue Velvet. Yeah. You know, I think that's so true. That's why Mulholland Drive is one of my favorite movies of all time is because the first time I watched it I was like, there's no plot. I don't get it. Totally. Like there's, you know, it's just a movie, there's no plot. And then I watched it again and I was like, holy fuck. Like the way it blew my mind that I, when I could finally follow the plot blew it so hard that nothing has ever lived up to that again. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? I totally agree. Because we, we did that movie for like one of the last episodes of I Saw What You Did and I had seen it like maybe twice in the past once when it came out, which I was totally with you, Georgia like was like, I don't know what's going on.


Whatever. Yeah. It's a vibe I guess. It's a vibe. Yeah. But I don't know anything. And then the second time I watched it I was, you know, like maybe sort of getting into it a little bit more. But then when we, we watched it for the episode, I had this like revelation and I was like, I know everything about this movie. And I wanted, like Dan, I told Danielle, I was like, we're gonna have to really watch the Clock because I could talk about this movie for like four or five hours. I have so much to say. It's like everything clicks together. Yes. All of a sudden. And ugh, I love it. Yeah. When I saw that movie, my friend Danny and I hated it so much that like five days later we were at a barbecue together and a guy we did not know happened to nearby us say that he liked that movie and we harangued him until he left the party because we were like, whatcha talking about that?


Which is of course our very, they're very nineties personality. Which was it lauded back then when you were just like, yeah. Overtly hostile for no reason to every single person. Yes. But it was this thing of like, I don't know what you're talking about, but it's like, of course that's what David Lynch is trying to get you to do. Yeah. He's like, do you like this? Or do you absolutely hate it? Okay, here's a little more like, I just think that part of it is making people who maybe wouldn't even think to do it suddenly talk about movies. Yeah. Know what they like about movies. Like know that their opinion counts about movies. It's cool. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Wait, RIP to a great one. Yeah. Yeah.


It's, it's bums me out not as a huge movie person, but just like having a weirdo in the world is like really comforting, you know? Totally. You know, like Paul Rubins kind of a thing where it's like, yeah, it's comforting to know people out there doing whatever the fuck they wanna do. Well I think David Lynch is special as an artist outside of like the movies he made because his whole thing was like, you do not need to suffer to make great art. That was like his big message. And I think that a lot of people feel like when you make art or any sort of like project, you're like, you need to dive for this, you need to starve yourself. You know? And I feel like David Lynch was very much like, no, you need to be like it. It's better to be a happy person making art.


Yeah. And you can still make art about dark things. And God knows he did, but it's like you still need to like take care of yourself. And I think that's a good message.


Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends, Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery. To save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of Tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out its Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


A Sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a Mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's. Built in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and autogenerated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder.


Goodbye. Goodbye. Millie, did you say what your movie most recent was? Yeah. Better man. Oh, so sorry. I got so excited about Truly Madly Deeply because that's like, it's literally like I made that movie. Nobody knows that movie ever. And like I'm always telling people you gotta watch it. But I was shocked. I looked on Letterboxed and like no one I follow has watched it. And I was surprised 'cause I was like this. It's just, it's in an incredible film. You, Casey, you have like in the past have done this very similar thing where you have pulled out like this unknown rom-com and have become like its number one fan. I think that's lovely about you. Wow. That's nice.


I'm like, oh, this is like fucking weird rom-com that no one's seen in like 30 years. Casey five stars on Letterboxed now. Nobody else I know has seen it and then I'm compelled to go watch it. So I'm a lover, I'm a feeler. Yeah. And I love digging up these, these rom-coms. No one's watching. I love it. Casey, are you so excited to finally get some fucking attention in this podcasting world since you've Of been no longer a producer? Yeah. You've Been behind the scenes now. Oh My God, finally. Yes. I get to merge from behind the, I don know, it's the sweet spot. Yeah, no, I mean, yeah, I'm thrilled. I mean I, it was such an honor that Millie, you know, reached her hand down into the gutter and pulled me out of it and allowed me To be on this PO there.


Yeah. Big Pennywise. Yeah. How did you guys like come to that idea that you, like this is a movie podcast. Like what was the thinking behind all of that? Well, like I saw what you did was ending and Millie wanted to do an another show and I was kinda like, well, I was like, please let me produce it. So that was sort of the impetus. Just, you know, Millie making a new movie show. Yeah. We joked about this, we joke about this in the pilot episode actually, I don't know if I should say it, but that I was like, basically like Bradley Cooper in A Star Born and I like found Casey, the Lady Gaga character, like doing a little burlesque in a shitty bar.


And I was like, come in my limo, I'm gonna make a star movie. No. I was like, here's the thing about Casey. Like I have heard him on other podcasts before and he's so charismatic, so funny, knows a lot about movies. Like has like, you know, when you ha when you hear people or you meet people that have cut, like, you know, you have like similar opinions about things and it's like, yes, they get, they would get me. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Very crucial for me, I just have to say by personality, I need to be understood. That is like my lot in life. And so I was like, oh, here's somebody who I think we line on a lot of similar stuff and we're not like the types to like the same things.


That's what I'm saying. Which I love. I love that we don't like the same things necessarily, but our reasons for liking and hating things are the same. If that makes sense. You respect that the other person's wrong essentially. Yeah. Or like, the reason why you don't like something is the reason why I wouldn't like something. Right, Right. Even though those two things would probably are different, I Guess. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. But I would hear him on these other podcasts and yeah. I mean it was just like, well I wanna do a show with him. Does he wanna do a show with me? Is the big Show. Yeah. The eternal question. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it was just so funny, Millie, I feel like up until recently you're like, just checking in, you wanna do this show with me? Right.


And no, I mean I, I feel like Millie and I always like, I I, we always connected really well and I wanted to keep working with her if she wanted to keep making podcasts. So that was sort of the, like the beginning of the show. We wanna get a sense of through the move, we're just trying to do the movie thing along with you. We wanna get a sense of who you are as people. What do you get when you go to the movie theater? What is your snack combination? This Is a great question. And actually I feel like a lot of our show is like about the like, movie watching ritual too. Like what we do when we watch movies, I always get popcorn and I always try to get a cherry coke.


Ooh. Those are kind of my go-to. It's hard for me to incorporate candy into it 'cause I, if I need the, I need the pop and then I need, but the candy in the pop is just too much sweetness. So I don't know. That's the i the popcorn and cherry coke is my go-to. That's Lovely. That's Nice. The popcorn thing is absolute, like I movie theater popcorn always gives me a stomachache, but I don't care. Me too. It's Like the problem, I was just like, I don't care if I'm on the toilet for like three days after this. I have to go, I have to eat it. Like, I don't know what it is. Yeah. And then I'm with you Casey. Like what I started, I, it was always for a very long time, the peanut m and ms on top of the popcorn.


Yes, a hundred percent. Which I used to call like trail mix. It's like, it's like mix. This is healthy. Right. But then lately I've been, because I, yeah, I don't wanna get the soda if you're getting candy. Yeah. So I switch and now it's either that I get the popcorn in a Coke icy. Ooh, ooh. You know, which is the only time I ever drink full flavor coke. I usually do not drink. I usually do like diet or Coke Zero or Yeah. You Know? Yeah. But in an icy it's the most delicious thing of all time. I have to, I have to. So good. So it's either that and then I alternate with the m and the peanut m and ms, but always popcorn.


So Can I ask you guys a question? Yes. You guys are all movie goers. I am. Don't go to the theater. And I, and I've always wondered this, are you supposed to finish your snacks before the movie starts? That always blew my mind. Where it's like you have to save it and you're supposed to eat it before. Right. I can't help myself sometimes. You Mean like in the 15 minutes of trailers and stuff? Yeah. And then everyone stops eating at, at the, when the movie starts. So I feel self-conscious chewing loudly when the Oh, Wait. So you feel self-conscious chewing when the movie has started? Yeah. You think you need to scarf the, the food. It Seems like everyone else has art finishes their, and I don't know if it was like a rule that I just didn't fucking know.


I don't, I've never finished my snacks before. Okay. NI mean, not to say it's like, it's not like I've haven't put a put a series dent in. Sure. But to me, part of the joy of like, the big bucket of popcorn and watching a movie is like the zone out and just insane. Just like, okay. Just shoveling it into your face in the dark. That's the fun of it. Okay. That's good to know. I, a lot of times I do, I don't know if it's to a completion, but I, I'm like 75% there When the movies movies. Me too. That's exactly what I was gonna say. I'm 75% there. You know, I'm peaking at the right when the movie starts and then I can pick my spots when I, It's not outta respect though.


It's out of me being gross and I'm like, I'm starving. Yeah. And then sometimes I do a thing where I will, you know, go to that 75% and then save the 25 and then we will dip in like an hour into the milk Sure. Into the film. Oh Yeah. Okay. So I'll just like pick it back up again, like, Oh Yeah. Yeah. It's like, I remember I had this, but yeah, I, I I'm housing that shit. Like, I'm like, yeah. Hell yeah. Okay. It's good to know, honestly. I've like Been worried. Yeah. Don't worry about those other people. I have a follow up to that question, which is, who's the most famous person you've ever seen at the concession stand at the Arc Light here in Los Angeles? Oh Shit.


Oh man. Danielle and I saw somebody fr that was on Seinfeld, not as a main character, but some recurring, and now I can't remember who it was. Was it like a Patrick War Burton or something like that? But we Oh Yeah, yeah. We, but It was definitely, or the guy with the white hair. Yeah. It was definitely some beloved side character from Seinfeld we saw at the Wow. At the Arc Light. Yeah. The Arc light was a good place to spot celebrities, I feel like, or like, Oh Yeah. Known people. I don't know why this guy popped into my head, but at, I was seeing n at the Art Light, I think it was Npe or it was us, one of the Jordan Peele movies.


And Tom Morello was getting popcorn of Rage against the Machine. Guitarist was Oh, that's good. Yeah. Yeah, popcorn. That is a good one. I was always so jealous whenever I would hear the stories of Keanu Reeves going to the Alight. Oh Yeah. And I was like, when does he go? And how come I'm not there at the same time I saw him at the Beverly Center. You gotta go to the mall too. I know. Gosh. The Beverly Center. I mean, the only reason I wrote that question in it was because I saw Colin Ferrell at the a like concession sand. So I reverse engineered that entire thing simply to be able to tell that story again. Oh man. We're feral for Ferrell. You know, we are, We're a pro ferreal podcast.


We know this. I, I am. How could you be anti Yeah, I, I challenge you. But I swear to God I felt him coming from like 500 paces. I was just like, what's this? There's electricity in the air down here in the lower concession area. And then I looked over there, he was glasses headband. Oh, weird band workout clothes. He absolutely was like the, the aura was like 20 feet in front of him. He knew it. We all knew it. It was amazing. It's Like an angel. Gorgeous. Yeah. Movie stars at the movies. Like, what more do you want?


Growing up Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends, Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After Years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery. To save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For liability, get a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Contrary to popular beliefs. Since the birth of man, women have also existed And yet it's so hard to find brass and shapewear that don't feel like a punishment. Enter honey love. Honey Love is an independent female founded brand specializing in bras, shapewear, and intimates designed for real women's bodies. Because All honey love products are intelligently designed by women who actually wear them. They recently launched the cross Flex bra, which is designed to support you all day from your workday to your workout. Honey Lab bras are supportive and wire free thanks to bonding technology that lifts without underwire. You deserve a bra that's lightweight and comfortable without sacrificing support. A great bra is the foundation of any great. Start every outfit with honey, love and elevate your style. Treat yourself to the best brows and shapewear on the market. Save 20% off honey. love@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use our exclusive link to get 20% off honey love.com/mfm to find your perfect fit. After you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please show support for the show and tell them we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style with Honey. Love. Goodbye.


You guys do have a favorite movie theater moment now that we're talking about them. Oh Yeah. Besides finishing all the amazing food, what Radicalized you in the movie theater? What Millie had kind of a crazy one recently. This isn't a good memory, but this is something bad that happened where someone was stir a Yeah. A fire with firecracker during furs. Shut up. What Happened? Yes. Was insane. What, like, Did you do it? Oh no, I wish. No, it was, it was an hour into Fiosa. Oh shit. All I know is that it was packed. It was like the Thursday that it came out. So it was like no empty seat.


And then all of a sudden you would see, you saw this like fireball sail through the air. Jesus, I know. Landed in like the first like five rows of seats and then everybody just jumped up. Yeah. And every like, the whole theater, it was like we were in this like frozen moment of, we were like waiting for an explosion or something. It was like really hard. So everybody was like, stood up and like kind of moving towards the emergency exit. But nobody was, we were kinda like frozen waiting to see like what would happen with the fire. Like either it was gonna just fizzle out, explode. Somebody was gonna like get burned.


We were just waiting for something to happen. And then by the, by the time anything was supposed to happen, the fire alarm got pulled and every, they were like clearing people out. So we had to leave. Anyway, that's, you Can't do that these fucking, that's an eighties trick. Not a fucking, And this movie theater, I'm going to, I'm gonna call this movie theater out in Atlanta. Chronically, there's always teenage antics at this place. Yeah. And if you, every time, because this is not the first time I, this has been some malarkey here. And like, this is the problem with the movies is that it's not just teenagers running, you know, scams, but it's like the teenagers run the place so they're in cahoots.


Oh. And so nothing gets done. There's no policy that gets enacted because of this. And so every time something has happened in this movie theater, including the fireworks saga, I have asked one of my friends that has kids, I was like, is it a school holiday? And they were like, yes. And I'm like, Oh Yeah. So the messaging is that on a school holiday, the kids go to the movie theater and cause trouble. So now I stay away. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. They're like, that's their way to party. This is what I think every movie's like, that's why I don't cause it. Yeah. So it's always firecrackers And somebody all the time. Yeah. Especially that movie is, it's, it's already so tense.


Yeah. And so much going on. Yeah. And it was, we had to get, we got a pass to come back to see the last hour of it, like an hour into it. It was so annoying. But I don't know. Casey, what about you? Do you have any Memorable film or movie theater experience? Well, I mean, I kind of talked about this on one of our episodes. The where I had to like yell at those old people. 'cause they were in my seat. I, I've had a lot of issues with people sitting in my seat when it's a reserved seat. I don't know how you both feel about the reserved seats in the movie theaters, but I like it. I like having a reserved seat for myself. And my wife and I were in the theater.


It was like a sold out theater. We were seeing the Big Short, and we got there right when the movie started. And there were these, I go to the, the, this is at the arc light. And I go to like the guy working and I'm like, where are our seats? I can't even see. It's so dark. And he is like, there are up there, but I can see that there's a guy sitting in your seat, so you're gonna have to ask him to move. And I'm like, oh God. So yeah, Jesus. Basically it was this elderly couple. And there imagine there are four seats and they own, they own two of them, but they're sitting in the middle and we own two of them, but they're sitting in the middle two. And so they have to, No, you can't do that. I'm sorry. I'm angry. They have to scoot over one, you know, to make room for us.


And so I go up and I'm like, hi sir, you are in my seat. And he's like, what? And I was like, and the movie has started. And I was like, you're, oh, you're in my seat. I paid for these seats. And his wife is like, what's going on? And I'm, Oh My God. I was like, Please. And the movie has started and I'm like, please move over one seat. And then the people behind them are like, why are these people standing in the middle of the movie? And I was like, I was like, this is my ticket. Move over one. And finally they did get the message and move over one. But that was a pretty harrowing experience. Then you have to Sit next to them whole fucking time. I next to the whole time.


Hold on a second though, just to devil's advocate. Okay. Why were you so late? That's what my mom said to me too. She was like, well, it's your fault. You're late to the movie. So, I mean, have some respect. I, you know, I That's true. I can't deny I was, I was wrong for being late to the movie. But The last time we went to the movies, it was a very similar situation except for I was the late one and the movie theater for some, it was in my hometown. It was so dark inside the movie theater that I couldn't find the Rose Walk. Like the letter row walking up. Yes. And no idea what the number of seat. So my cousin is up there somewhere and I walk halfway down and it's pitch black.


Yeah. Like, I can't see anything. And it's one of those ones where, you know, the newfangled movie theater seats where it's like a lazy boy recliner. Oh Yeah. Yes. So I'm walking really slow 'cause I don't wanna slam my shins into a, a recliner thing. Yeah. And I just am like guessing as to where my seat would be or where my cousin is. And I, so I'm bending over and trying to look into people's faces. Oh my God. Like halfway down, walking really slow. And I just go, I'm like, Anna. And then this girl just goes, no. Oh no. And then I just, so I keep going and then I just end up very slowly running into the wall. Oh. Because it was one of those small theaters that doesn't have stairs on either side.


It was just like you, I just got to the end by touching my nose to a carpeted wall. Oh, that Hurts me. It was so embarrassing. That Is just so scary though. It's so, it can be so dark in there. And there's like, you know, there's like dozens of people sitting quietly and you're like trying to navigate them. I mean, it's like a horror movie. Yes. And they can see you fine. Yes. Because your eyes are adjusted. Yeah. And it was the beginning of a complete unknown where it's so dark. The guys, it's so dark and they're in a hospital while someone is dying of a degenerative disease. And you're like, eh. So when I hit the wall, my cousin Sophie is the one that's there, and she goes, did you just run into the wall? And I'm like, thanks for your help. And she goes, I couldn't see you.


I didn't know it was you until you started laughing. That's So funny you said that because the, I saw that movie in the theater too. And the opening, the first like five minutes of a complete unknown is so dark that I thought I was about to go to the projection booth and be like, could you, like, I don't know if the, you know, the movies playing right. Or whatever. And I, 'cause I, there were people just like you who were like, fumbling, stumbling because it was so, I was like, why is this movie so dark? I don't understand where we're at. It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Wild. Should we let you guys host a little bit? Yeah. What? You know, you guys host like it's your podcast. Yeah. You Go, yeah. We have a few questions here lined up.


Millie, do you, what, what should we start with here? Oh gosh, I don't know. You know, this is, we were talking about, you know, kind of what we're gonna do for this podcast. Like how we're gonna set it up and what are these like questions that we wanna ask our guests. Right. And one of the things that came to mind, I mean, again, like this, this podcast that we're doing is also about like movie culture. So, you know, we're talking about not just like movie theater going, but like, like video stores and you know, just stuff that if you're into movies or there's like these little rituals, these little, you know, little things that we do. And one of the questions that we like to ask is imagine that you are in a video store.


And so if you're, you know, going through the video store, what's like the first VHS or DVD cover that comes to mind when you enter into video Store about it? Do you Have yours? I do. Oh, good, good. What is it? It's not gonna be the same for, for Sure. It'd be amazing if it was though. Same, At the same time. 1, 2, 3 twins, A fish called Wanda. Oh, A fish called Wanda. I can see both of those perfectly in my head. Yep. Oh My God, so Much. Absolutely. Well, How did that happen? Why is that? That twins, I for some reason that's, that's the, that's the one with Yeah, Schwarzenegger and Danny DeVito. Yeah. Danny DeVito. Yeah. Now what's your relationship with that movie, Georgia?


Do you have a relationship? Yes. I was the right age and every other weekend at my dad's house, my single dad. And so we had to, we would have to rent a VCR from the the, from the store. Yeah. But we gonna do that. And so we just fucking love that movie and watch the shit out of it. I'm sure it's so inappropriate for children now, you know? Yeah. Okay. Very good. And Karen, what about a fish called Wanda? Do you have any relationship with that movie? Well, the first thing I saw was Kevin Klein with his like balancing on something. Yes. Which actually could be from a different movie. But I'm picturing him like, I feel like he had that spate this run of movies from like 84 to 95 where it was like that he would, yeah.


He, it would be Kevin Klein on the spine of a VHS tape. Like balancing on a chair or like having a mustache. Both These movies are posing for the cover. Yeah. Like they're not like take clip from the movie. Right. They're like the cast. Yes. The posing. I totally see it. The visual. The visual part. But I think ke the Kevin Klein I, anything he was doing, I wanted to be there for it. And my family would be too. Like he, a fish called Wanda made my parents laugh so hard. It was one of those kinds of that and the four Seasons, like where you're like, what's going on that they like this so much. So then it made me pay more attention to like the actual comedy.


'cause I was interested in like what, what, what was everyone doing that was eliciting that response? Yeah. Yeah. They weren't, 'cause they were not easy laughers and they were like crying, laughing. So I think it was that piece of it where it's like kind of what the, our family liked a little bit. Oh Yeah. It is funny because I feel like you, you, you mentioned that they like, these are both like posing for the poster and I feel like that's such a lost art. Everything's photoshopped now or it's like a still taken from the movie or something, but like Yeah. Very poorly too. Yeah. These like, these weird, like it looks like a Hallmark movie poster. Yeah. But it's like a big budget movie. Yeah. I don't know if people, they just can't be, you know, these stars can't, don't want to get back together for a fun little shoot or something.


But Right. Get in front of that white psych and post. That's right. Let's sell this thing. Well, very good. That's, I love that. Millie, you know what? I don't feel like you have answered that question. What, what, what's, what's like the VHS cover that comes to your mind? Well to, I mean I was such a video store loser as a kid. I mean, I was there constantly and it was just like, you know, well first of all, my parents never let us go to the movie theater. They were two cheap to let us go to first one movies. So we were at the video store constantly. And I, all of my good memories from video stores come from the horror movie section. It's just what clicked in my brain.


And so I think for me, my, the first one that comes to mind is the cover for a movie called Happy Birthday to me. And it's a basically a a, a shish kebab skewer going through the guy's mouth into the back of his head. Happy birthday to Me. I I have never even heard of this movie. What? Oh my God. It's a classic. Yeah. Really? You know it. Oh my God. Oh Yeah, yeah. That's, it was in the horror, like solid horror section, which I wouldn't necessarily be that interested in, but you would kind of love the, like I was thinking that would always be next to like Christine and then like something else.


So you'd be like, oh, I would watch a Stephen King. Oh my God, happy birthday to me. Or like the one where the like she will have her revenge. There was some really dark, late seventies horror that would get mixed in there. Yes. So then it would just be like, well we can't rent that, but what is it? Yeah. Like what's happening over there? There Was another one that is in that era, I think, or around that era. The movie was, I, I think the movie is called Phenomena by Dario Argento, the, you know, Italian horror director. But it was called Creepers and it was basically the, the cover was like an illustration of Jennifer Conley, the actress Jennifer Conley with half of her face being ripped off by like insects.


There's a lot of bugs and phenomena. Yeah. Or creep. AKA creepers. And this is Just on a shelf at my height, which at the time I was probably like, what, three feet tall or something. I mean I was like, and I'm going, yeah, this is like totally ruining my life. Like all of these little boxes, they were so evocative, so freaky. And it just, you know, those are the things that I kind of gravitated towards I think. Yeah, Definitely. And you were in there like staring at these boxes. Like you it was quiet like the library. Yeah. Yes. And you were desperate to pick something that would actually entertain you because that was like your one chance where it's like, go find something. And then it was like, what will I pick that will actually make me happy? And your sibling can't just, So you gonna have to, you guys have to agree on it.


Yeah. That's the worst part. Fabulous. I love talking about VHS covers in the video store. 'cause I just think it's like a top, it's like when you sort of start learn, like movies become evocative to you at a very young age where you're like, what is that I need to know what that is. And I think that's sort of, well, You know, my sister and I snuck into the X-rated. We push the curtain Yeah. Aside and ran into the X-ray today video store section. Yes. When no one was looking. How was it? I I, we were, I read about this in our book. I was like, you have, I was so overwhelmed, but I'm like, you have to look at one and you have to pay attention. You have to like, focus on it or you're not gonna see anything, you know? 'cause I was so overwhelmed. That's Really good. That's like a mature thought process going into this.


Yeah. It's like circle Circle. And it was like, just look at something. And so I looked at it, it was called Naked with Shoes on, and it blew my mind. Interesting. She had like 10, you know, like la geared tennis shoes and like scrunched socks and was like clearly naked everywhere else naked with shoes on. I was like, Oh my God. That's a thing. Like I did, I didn't realize adults were like into naked with shoes on. Yeah. Yeah. That is so, such a weird concept now that I think about it because like my local video store had that section as well. Curtained off. So you're predictably like in the family video store with like, other people in your community. So you're seeing your Neighbors, you're seeing your pastor, you're seeing your account.


So it's like, then all of a sudden it's like, you're friend's dad, like disappears behind the curtain. And I'm like, yeah, that would never, like, that is such a weird concept. I don't know if that would happen these days. Like, nobody wants to, to be in the X-rated video section while people are running twins. Right. It's like a different vibe. So it's like Pervs go in the back. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. They don't want that for themselves. No, but it's a But they all had that though. They did. It was like, and it was always like beaded curtain, kind of like, here's the sexy area. Did you ever rent anything when you got older in the Beaded sex area?


No. Oh my God. Yeah. Me, me neither. Just, I just watched the cook, the Thief, his wife and her lover a bunch of times. That's a, that's a great art house movie I love. I don't know though. It's very sexy and dirty and it very sexy. There's a lot of like pate on naked bodies. Yes. I think Helen Mirin is like covered in rotting meat. Completely nude at some point in that film. Sexy, yes. Yeah. Excellent. But does she have shoes on? Wow. She, the idea that they just named it what the thing is is the funniest. Yeah. I love it so much. Yeah, That's great. And I tried to look it up and I can't find it. Like, it might not exist in real life. Oh gosh. It might just exist in my mind. I wanna ask one last question.


Do you guys have a dream guest and David Lynch. RIP. That would've been amazing. God, but do either of you have a dream guest? I mean, Keanu Reeves, everybody. I, I say that every part, every film God Imagine Always Comes. Do I always say Keanu Reeves Could happen. Could We'd love for that to happen? He loves movies. He Does. He does. Turns out Always has. I, I feel like one that I thought would, I was like, if we had Martin Scorsese on our podcast, I mean, Hess like such a movie lover. That's why I feel like he would fit in well with our show, but, So he would be a dream guest of mine. Yeah. Let's put those out into the universe. Listen, That's great. Listen, I'll appeal to him as a fellow Italian American.


And I, I will, I'll start talking about, you know, cannolis and other Italian things and hopefully he'll come. So yeah, I, I watched a documentary forced with my dad about the auto mat in New York City that he was in and talked very passionately about the auto mat Wow. And what the auto mat was like. Yeah. It was hilarious. Yeah, no, he would be awesome. Let's do it. Yeah, that's a Good one. We'll get on that here at Exactly right. Fabulous. We're gonna do everything we can. Alright. Do you guys have, is there anything else you wanna talk about or a plug or anything? No, We just really, we just really are so thankful for you both Yes. For, you know, respecting the vision and, and, and helping us get it going.


And we're just so happy to be back doing film podcasts with Exactly. Right. I mean, I had such a great experience the first time and like when we were talking about ending, you know, I saw what you did, I was like, no, I wanna say don't pull me out of my dream. So I was, you know, like really, really excited that we kind of kept it in the fam, you know, with Casey and, I don't know. Yeah. I'm just really, really excited about what we can do and we hope that everybody enjoys it and takes a listen. So Yeah. I mean, it was an easy hell yes. When we heard the pitch, it was just like fucking Absolutely. Yeah. I can't wait to see what you guys do and Yeah, it's great.


It's exciting. It's Great. I will definitely miss, I saw what you did because as a film historian and a great writer, Millie, you just would kind of present these, the movies that, that you and Danielle would talk through. And it would be like, Danielle would just be kind of the, the person who's like, oh, I just saw this for the first time. And then you would be, you would present the kind of the other side of like, well, here are all the things I know about this. And it's so deeply interesting to me because you are so good at that and you have been doing it for so long, but listening to the two of you guys talk and it's much more kind of like UpToDate, conversational recommendations, what's going on, it's day and date. It's almost like a little, it's like your movie newsletter.


Yeah. As opposed to your movie thesis, which both so valid, but you guys as a combination is just like so charming and easy to listen to as a podcast, so great. Oh, Thank you. Oh, one thing I wanna pitch is, or a plug I should say is the Softies, the band, the Softies, they do the theme song to our show and they're one of my favorite bands and we're an inspiration to kind of the vibe of the podcast. So it's like such a thrill to have them do the theme song. So if I'm plugging anything, they have a new album, the Bed I made. You can listen to that, but they did that. Nice. I love that. I love them. That's exciting. The soft. Yeah, it's a perfect, their theme song is so perfect and lovely. Yeah, I know. It's so Cute you guys.


Congratulations. We love your show. We can't wait for everyone else to hear it. It's so great. Dear Movies, I Love You launches on January 28th and new episodes will air every Tuesday. Also, don't forget to listen, subscribe and give that show a five star rating. It really deserves it. And oh, also stay sexy And don't get murdered. Bye. Can I, Elvis, do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi.


Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow The show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. With the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For reliability, get a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Are You still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome To the Now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at david's bridal.com.