
This is exactly right Now streaming. What do you know about the Happy Face Killer? He's my father. He's so good to see you, Missy. Experience the thrilling new series. He said he killed another woman inspired by a true life story. If I don't deal with him, he will never leave us alone. You don't see how they we're the same do you? Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid Star. I am Not responsible for what my dad did. Just going how you hoped. Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


At the Hyundai Getaway sales event. Get deals so right, it almost feels wrong. Now's the best time to get that Hyundai car or SUV you've always wanted. Plus, every new Hyundai comes with America's best warranty and three years or 36,000 miles of limited complimentary maintenance. Don't Think you can get away with all that. Think again. But don't wait. The Hyundai Getaway Sales Event is going on now. So visit your local Hyundai dealer today. It's a great day for a new Hyundai.


Goodbye.


This is LaVar Arrington from two Pros and a cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard Stark. That's Karen. Kill Gareth. And this is My favorite murder. Did we say that part already? I think that's part of it. Is it? But it's always good to remind people. I heard double introing your podcast. Yeah. Shoot you up to the top. That's the new, like what all the, you know, influencers are doing. It's just like double cleansing with Korean skincare. Can I start with a really embarrassing corrections corner that I've been now waiting two weeks? Yes, please. To correct. That's like so embarrassing. Sounds on point. Remember when I covered the British murder a couple weeks back and I was like, this lieutenant's first name is Sep.


What a cool name it was superintendent. Damn it. I mean it's so obvious. It's, and also I remember you making that point and I wanted to like agree with you, but I kind of couldn't understand what you were saying was like, yeah, it's an interesting name. Does it? I just don't understand what she's saying and I don't wanna get her to clarify. It sounds like maybe it's a Serbian name or Hey or anything. It felt like it was like a British thing or So, you know. Oh my God. Like Did you get inundated with British? Yes. Listeners being like, yeah, Very kindly Always appreciate it.


Always very much. A hundred percent need to know, but not harshly. What A cool name. Super Intense. Did you think his name was spelled as S? How was It? SUPT. The But there was no PT. Shouldn't there be a period? Just didn't get it. Just went right over that, that head of mind. That Is a tough one. We have a lot of problems with the, the British law system. Yeah. We always have. We have. And does it make sense to us? I don't Think that's like on me and like I didn't like, you know, fact check or anything. We should start calling all police officers from England. Mom. Just Yes. They do that to delineate. Yes. Just for our own clarity.


Superintendent mom. Well I wanted to get that out of the way Now that we're back from a little So brave. I'd like to commend you on that. Thank You. It's, Who else does it like us? Nobody. Everybody. Nobody. Nobody. Most of nobody. Nobody. But we've been gone, this is our first episode, like officially back in the studio with a normal episode since these fucking bananas fires that happened in Los Angeles. Luckily The, over this weekend it rained. Yeah. So like there was a level of calm, or at least like slight relief. Yes. That came over a lot of people who lived in LA who were just living in that fear that they were gonna kick up again.


That whatever was gonna happen. Yeah. Because such a bizarre week and so dramatic and so horrible for so many people. It was really crazy to find that question. You get asked on podcasts all the time, what would you, and I've even asked on podcasts to other people, what would you grab in a fire? Right. And I, 'cause I, we weren't in the evacuation zone. We were like, like right below it. And so, and you could smell the smoke. It was really strong. The electricity had gone out and I was just, that's just one of my nightmares my whole life is like, I pictured how I would do it, especially with three cats. Yeah. In an emergency. In the dark. In the dark. Right. And so we did it and I mean Thankfully our house, it didn't, it did never reach our house.


But the, it was, you know, very close. Yeah. And so sad. It's so sad. And it's also, there's a weird thing I'm observing in myself and other people I talk to. Either the people that people that didn't have to evacuate feel guilty, like the, to even like discuss it where it's like, well it wasn't me. And then people like me who did evacuate and feel stupid because like, I just left probably an hour before most of the other people in my area did. Yeah. Because I was, because basically Jay Elias, our, our great development coordinator at this point, but also executive assistant to many at this company.


Yeah. Texted me and was like, you have to get out right now. Yeah. I don't feel embarrassed at all. It's like I kind of actually am like proud that I handled myself in a really, you know, I yelled at Vince a little bit to hurry up. Oh really? But otherwise Oh, Oh That's interesting. It all went well. You know it and it is like Really honest today. Yeah. Not yelled, but you know what I mean. Sure. Well you were freaking out. It was freaking Out. It was fucking So scary. That was so scary. And yeah, there's, you know, I, Altino was such a darling town. I know so many people there. There's a, someone in our back house staying there because they lost their entire house. So there is this like guilt Yes. Of like, Of that. For sure. But my cousins are from Pacific Palisades and earlier that day they were part of that crew who had to leave their car behind and just run down the like down.


And I was just like, I don't wanna be that. I don't wanna be, I don't wanna evacuate when I'm told to evacuate with everyone else. Yes. That's my, one of my other worst nightmares is like sitting in evacuation traffic. Oh, your cousins. Okay. Some Lost houses, some didn't. It's just so everyone knows someone who lost houses. It's fucking Horrific. But that trauma that like gridlock. Yeah. Emergency gridlock trauma. I, it's it, I saw that video of those cars being left in the Pacific Palisades and that's why I, well that and Jay telling me, but it was like, yeah. Yeah. I'm not waiting around until everybody else is looking at each other and getting in the car at the same time. Yeah. I bet you have this experience too. Fucking huge Shout out to Vince's retired fire chief brother Russ.


He was so on it texting us from Michigan with all the insider info. Ugh. It was so incredible. Like, and you have fire, your dad was a firefighter obviously. That was incredible. He literally, he was telling, texting me and being like, Hey, where are they right now? Like, I was the one that was taking screenshots of the watch duty app. And he didn't sending them to him. No. I was like informing him about what was going on. All right. Well yeah, but I mean, I'm sure in his mind, if you were to say anything, which I'm sure my sister said, don't say anything. Oh Yeah. If he was gonna say anything, he'd be like, take it easy. Right, right. Yeah. Which maybe why I was interpreting that as like there's, I'm seeing, I'm hearing a lot of other people have shame where it's like, no Karen, that's you.


That's, that's tied to you and your and your drama. Weird Family. Yeah. So good luck The way they do things. But suffice it to say really shocking. Terrible. Like natural disaster to a degree I've never seen and I've lived here for 25. Yeah. Over 25 years In the midst of the inauguration. Yeah. It's just, it just felt like the end of the fucking world. Yeah. And it still does. It does in many ways. Although the rain kind of brought a little bit of a like at least a a like okay, we're done with that. Yeah. Now that's like we're gonna close this particular chapter of this particular trauma Season.


So Yeah. The thing we wanted to talk to everybody about is how long before any of that started. Yeah. We had a ninth anniversary for this old podcast. Right. This old gal. I think it was on the 13th. Yeah. Something like that. Something around there. And We were gonna do a whole live stream and we had asked you guys for the ninth anniversary gift, which is ceramics. Yeah. And a couple of you delivered. Yeah. Not many. Just kidding. We got so much fucking ceramics boxes. Boxes upon boxes, photos, tags on. Some people were like, I wanna send it to you. But it cost me $500 to send the Right. Like just so much awesome stuff People were making and people were making and shipping.


Yeah. And people were sharing and it was exactly what we wanted. And then we basically, it was almost kind of like we sent everyone an invitation Right. To the party and left the house and turned the lights out and weren't like, see you later. So Right. This today it's just gonna be a little taste of what we wanted that to be And what it's going to be. Yes. Because we're still gonna do it. We're just kind of recalibrating right now. Right, exactly. We'll do, we'll do a live stream because we have the capability to now Yay here at these studios. But also just, we thought it would be a super fun, cool, new way to kind of celebrate something or like Mark an important day. Yeah. Like an anniversary. Yeah. Like your almost decade anniversary of a podcast.


Right. Imagine So important everyone, one of the most important moments in a person's life, they always say In know young woman's life. Say Yeah, for sure. That and getting her first piece of dedicated ceramics. So without further ado. Yeah. The reason we're telling you all this listener is because we are now going to take a look at some of the just some and like truly we we're gonna have a, we're gonna have a lot of these. Yeah. I'm gonna be able to do this maybe as a recurring segment of, let's take a look at today's ceramic. And I can't, we haven't seen a single piece. I haven't. You might have accidentally 'cause it's near your office. I Did. I did. No, no, no. I did accidentally simply just right before we started. Okay. 'cause I yanked this in the pure fun of, there's a black piece of silk.


You just went for it. And I was like, yes. And Aandra's like can do. No. There's No reason what was covered. So we haven't seen any of this. The incredible team at xact Right. Have been going through the boxes and I, you can hear them diabolically laughing or just cracking up every time. See, so there's one on our table right now. It's covered up. If you wanna go to YouTube you can see it. Or I'm sure we'll put it on our socials. It'll be all over socials. Yeah. We're gonna make this for you listener who's just walking around the mall being like, wow, I don fuck. Talking about. Don't worry. It's okay. We're gonna explain it. We're Gonna give you pictures in this day and age. Soon you'll be able to look at your podcast app and video will be sitting there. That's right. That's the future. Let tell then listen to us. Explain things In detail.


In detail and probably get some things incorrect. Yeah. What's really important I think for everyone to know and the video watcher will now know is these pieces, these ceramic pieces, these ceramic artworks are right now sitting on an electric lazy Susan on our podcasting desk. So we can make this as HGT, not HGTV as shopping channel. What's that one with the letters? Home Shopping Network. H-S-N-H-S-N. This is, we're going into that area. Okay. Pretty, pretty severely. Okay. Did you ever think that like you would be in a place in your life where you could just ask for an electron lazy Susan and have it fucking delivered? Like A dream That is like boss bitch.


It's High fucking level. Lean into the lazy Susan. Okay. I haven't seen it yet, so I'm gonna do Ready. Okay. Oh, Aandra's gonna press play on the lazy Susan to move. Now the, I I'm taking it off. Here we go. 1, 2, 3. Oh my God. This. Okay. It's a French coffee French press with two beautiful ceramic cups. But it is not, I thought it was supposed to be funny. I thought these were all gonna be funny. No, this is fucking gorgeous. It's Gorgeous Also, it's whatever any artist felt like giving us. So this is Emily, AKA Pottery Mama. Wow. Instagram handle at Pottery Mama. This is high art.


It's gorgeous. I love these colors. It says quote, this is just a segment of the email or the letter that Pottery Mama sent with us. They said, please enjoy your new ceramic French cross and mugs. I made them while listening to MFM plus a bit of buried bones. And This Podcast Will Kill You sprinkled in. Does That disqualify? Not in any way. Okay. This is so beautiful. I have been wa dis. Can you imagine? I have been wanting a French press and Then we throw Yeah. This is gorgeous bench and love that Emily points out that they're made with food safe clay and glazes. 'cause that's like, you know my fucking thing now. Like all my vintage kitchen wear turns out it's Filled with lead. It's all lead. Yes. And I can't use any of it. Oh, this is, this is beautiful.


Okay, let's go onto our next piece of ceramics. All right. We can intro this first. Okay. It's from an artist named Missy. AKA young Yenta. Oh Instagram handle at Young Yenta. Love it. And she says, as a ceramicist. Jes. Oh. And hotdog lover. Great. I felt it was my duty to fulfill your anniversary request. Oh my God. You give so much to me and all your fans. So it's an honor to give back. Ready? You want me to do it? 1, 2, 3. Oh, it's so, it's going towards you. It's slowly. Don't push to Susan. You'll see It. Don't push Susan. It's a gorgeous like plate platter with a beautiful painting of a hot dog on It.


And it says, stay in mustard. Stay sexy and noosh on a dog. I love it. That's Gorgeous. That is be beautiful. And people, people are sending us, these are like actual pieces. This is, yeah. I don't know what the kitchenware term is, but like, I don't know. But it's like they're, they're like furnishing Exactly. Right. Studios with art. We like kind of got away with something here where it's like we don't have to, we don't have to go to home goods. That's right. We have it all for for months. God, I really love this. It's beautiful. Missy, that's you did an incredible job. Yeah. And also just that it's basically a hotdog plate. Yeah. I was hoping there'd be hotdog art. It is the right size for like double hot dogs. Yeah. That's Perfect.


Maybe a couple chips on one end and the other. Oh my God. Salt and vinegar Listener. You're gonna love this. 'cause this is just some simple beautiful hotdog art. Yeah. That's just kind of like you love, right? Yeah. Well then take a look at this plate And somehow it's flawless. It really is. 'cause it totally suggests you're going to eat one or two dogs only on this plate. Hot dogs. It's oval. Wow. Beautiful. Okay, let's do the next one. Thank You kindly. Thank you. Y Yenta. This next one is from artist Sam Breal. Hmm. Instagram handle at Sam Breal. It's B-R-I-E-G-E-L. And they say about this, we haven't seen it yet. I refer to the style of mug as my quilted twist mug.


Hmm. I chose Crows for Georgia and included my favorite MFM quote on these mugs. It is made from translucent porcelain and is meant to be used and enjoyed. Thank you for all that you do. Love Sam. Here we go. Big reveal Sam. Ooh, I'm sorry. What? What? That's fucking art. Why am I so shocked? Like, 'cause I think what I would've done is like made a hotdog ceramic thing that you can't tell what it was. My mind would've looked so bad. Look at That crow. That is gorgeous. It says this is terrible. Keep going. It's a red, yellow and black mug with quilted texture. It's got like, those are almost like Danish modern. Yes. Designs.


Designs. I have never seen something so beautiful. It's Gorgeous. And also makes me think of one of those ones you can put it on the dashboard of, of your car and you, because it's like a really good travel mug. Wider at the base. Narrow to touch. You guys are professionals. I need, I didn't know it would be like, I'm kind of like in Awe. I know. I'm totally in awe. It's really exciting. Guys Are so talented. It's 'cause like we said, a thing where it's like, Hey, do you like to make a thing in this one way? Well will you make us some? And people are like, I make stuff in that way. Oh My God. That's incredible. That's Sam Regal. Thank you so much for Like Amazing job Sam Regal. The most Beautiful mug I've ever seen. It's Very cool. And then this part is for if you're, if you are driving at night.


Oh Yeah. Reflective. Okay, one more. Look at that. It's so beautiful. Look at Our, look at our, Our gift shelf array. Oh my God. I kind of just wanna do this for the rest of you. Show this. Be fun. Okay, here's the next one. Unveil Karen. Oh my God. This is a precious moment. What is it called? Statue. What is it? Yes. Precious moments. Yeah. Of you and I. Yeah. It as a as precious moments dolls. This is insane. This is Lindsay from Lindsay Cook. It's, it says Lindsay's hobby is altered moments, which is taking old precious moments.


Figuring and transforming them into fun new characters. Bringing new life and fresh perspective. Holy. I have a hotdog behind my back. You have a hotdog behind your back. I hate Tails. And a tiny hot dog behind my back. And there are crows on the top. And we're standing next to a tree with SSD GM carved in it. Yeah. Oh Yeah. My god. This is a real, tell your 8-year-old self that this is happening. 'cause this will blow your mind. I, she can't believe it. Oh, here's some pictures from the original. Oh. So she took them and like turned them into us somehow. Let's see. So This is us. Okay. Lemme see the original funny Dude. There's, that is brilliant. And then, and then here's the back. Should we hold those up? What? That is brilliant. I mean, because this is every precious moment.


Yeah. Picture, I mean statue in everyone's grandma's house. Yes. Like a sad, beige, precious moment statue from your grandma's house that she turned into this beautiful thing you guys. God, that's funny. So talented. I'm so incredible impressed. I can't wait to see the rest of them now. Say their name again. Sorry. It's Lindsay Cook. And we'll be posting this. This is so freaking cool. It's So good. I Wanna see all of them now. Like this is next level. Thank you guys so much. We'll be doing more of these. We're gonna have a live stream. Like this could be its own episode. It's so cool. This Is, this is legendary. It's So clever. This is unbelievable. Wow.


Yes. That looks so what an array of beautiful, talented pieces. I, I just, I might, I am blown away. Like my face is warm. I know, I know. It's really cool. Thank you guys so much. Thank you. Ceramicists People who actually took the time and money. We, there are some boxes out there that we're like, oh people had to spend a lot of money to ship these to us. Yeah. And just So you know, if you shipped one to us, it's been sitting in a table in very prominent display with everybody looking at it and talking about it and looking at them. Yeah. Except for me in Georgia. Right. For like three weeks. Alejandro. Yeah. But it's gonna happen. We're, this is just the tip of the iceberg Because we have to always have electronic lazy Susan.


I mean we have, we got it. We have to put it to use or it's a waste of money. That's right. It's not waste Exactly Right. Funds. No, we can't. Yeah. So we have to use it as much as we can this year. We Better. It's pretty great. Also, we should actually just display this very, it was shopped for by Brent talked about, I watched them talk about the two choices. Alejandra picked one of two Of what? Of the silk reveal scarves. Oh. That's the most important part. I believe they're called shma by many people In productions. I love a good schmatta. Pull The, put the shma over that. Keep it as a surprise. That's right. Pull the sch off. Right. Yeah. Alright. Alright.


Thanks Alejandra. That was Good job. Alejandra was Super fun. Well Thank you guys so much. That was incredible. Unbelievable. Real quick, before we get to the ERM highlights and our stories, we want to talk about donations. So One of the most amazing things, and I think we may have talked about this a little, although I can't remember, but it did become a national news story, was the way that the citizens of Los Angeles came together to basically provide for each other Yeah. In one of the most beautiful outpourings of community and charity and just basically like love and giving Totally. That most of us have ever seen. Yeah. It was definitely one of those is look for the helpers moments. Yes. That was so beautiful. One of them started because there was some guys who were just like the food cart guys and they decided to go down to the Rose Bowl parking lot 'cause they heard that's where a lot of the firemen for the Altadena fire were.


Like, they were centralized there. So they just four guys that have their own like hot dog carts went down there to cook for the firemen. Holy shit. And then they put it on TikTok of like, oh, if you have donations to help us feed these firemen, you know, we'd love to get them. You know, anything you wanna do come down here. Which then turned into the Rose Bowl parking lot. Like basically center where anyone could go to pick up clothes, supplies, amazing diapers. It was like community action in a way that like I've never seen. So That's what people were doing, you know, during the days after and during this catastrophe.


But of course people are still doing stuff. And we wanna add to that. So we're gonna donate $10,000 to the Los Angeles Regional Food Bank. The food bank works with hundreds of partner agencies across Los Angeles County to provide food assistance to those who have been affected by the wildfires. So we just wanted to add a little to that. I have like three giant bags of clothes that I'm waiting to donate until people want vintage dresses. Yeah. Because I don't think that's the first thing you want when you're No. You know what I mean? I Yes I do. It's like, Hey, do you wanna wear a dress that has polka dots and reminds you of your grandma? It's like, not right now. Not right now. Do you have any sweatpants? I Need sweatpants. Yeah. I need a sweatshirt and I need you to make me Right.


A bunch of hot dogs. So the coming months. Look out for those vintage dresses everywhere. Yeah, that's right. And if you are watching this on YouTube, there should be a button that pops up where you, if you would like to donate to the LA Regional Food Bank, then there's should be a, a button that pops up on this video. Yeah. And you can do that directly. It's La food bank.org. Yay. Alright. We have a podcast network. It's called the Exactly Right Podcast Network. Yeah, it Is. Yeah, exactly right. Sure. And there's all kinds of podcasts on there. We like to tell you about some of the stuff that's going on. We do. And we have some exciting news. The first episode of our brand new film podcast. Dear movies I Love You, is out now and you can finally listen for yourselves and understand why we are so in love with this podcast.


In their first episode, they talk about the 2018 remake of A Star Is Born. They go into the age old tradition of drinking on film, and of course their guest is, is comedian Shawa Sharp, who is hilarious and talks for quite some time with them about the film Trilogy Magic Mike. Oh, Good. So, Because we Need That A lot of film gets discussed on this episode. It's, it's a great premier episode. Yes. It's really, really entertaining. It would Mean a lot to us. If you guys could follow that, could Supt subscribe to their episodes, could get a little heart going on that Yeah. Five stars, whatever it is, it really helps and we Appreciate it. And it's your friend Milli Charco from I saw what you did.


Yeah. And the producer of that podcast, Casey O'Brien, who are now hosting the, it's just like family fun for everybody. Yeah. Dear movies, I love you. And speaking of amazing guests this week on, do You Need a Ride Actor and comedian, Sam Pancake? Oh, I love Sam Hops in the Passenger Seat, One of the greats of our time. One of the greatest, I just remembered recording that episode and it was just a delight. Then also over on Wicked Words, Kate Winkler Dawson's talking to author Michael Afield about his book, monster City Murder, music and Mayhem and Nashville's Dark Age. Ooh, I'm gonna read that. And speaking of books, Kate's brand new book, the Sinners All Bow, two authors, one Murder, and the Real Hester Prin is out now.


Kate Winkler Dawson, the most prolific person I've ever met in my life. We're, we're so lucky to get to work with her. We are. We're just like, She's so talented. Yeah. And you must, you must read it. Yeah. Also, we have some bittersweet news. We are saying Goodbye to the Lady to Lady podcast, Brandy Babs and Tess, we wanna thank you for all your great work over the years. You'll always be a part of the Exactly right. Family and listeners, please look for and support Lady to Lady wherever you get your podcasts. Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends, Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a True Life story.


After Years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery To save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus, There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh.


But the best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard, outdoor Protection simply saves monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know, a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah. I turned mine on. Even when I go to walk Cookie, like mine is always on. Right. Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't. I don't think that's something we can ask for. But I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Goodbye. There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So how do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look at that nearer dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously, Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more.


Goodbye. Goodbye. Okay. So today I am going to tell you about a domestic violence case from the seventies that carries a massive legacy and has changed our perception of spousal abuse. Wow. And just a listener note, this story deals with very severe domestic abuse and a suicidal ideation. At the time, spousal abuse was treated as a private matter between a husband and a wife at best. Yeah. And then at worst, it was dismissed, ignored, or joked about in fact, Ms. Magazine, which at the time was one of the few outlets that was actually pushing back at this kind of language and energy, regularly asked readers to send in sexist ads that they found in like newspapers and magazines.


No way. And in 1973, someone sent in a print advertisement for a bowling alley in Michigan that read in big, bold lettering. Have some fun. Beat your wife tonight, Jesus. And right now, if you listen closely, you can hear Bill Mars scrambling to defend this comedy. And how hilarious. It's What a what a joke. What a top tier joke. Well, this was America in the seventies. Yeah. And what's really weird that sometimes this happens on the show, and it's kind of what I'm in it for, if I'm gonna be honest Yeah. Is when I was there for a cultural moment. Totally. I was 14 years old.


The reason I know this case is because of a made for TV movie that came out when I was 14. So like a handful of years after it happened. No way. And you remember it. Oh, Like it was yesterday. Okay. And I remember not only watching it and experiencing it, but then what happened after it. Wow. And it was one of those things that I think these days, a lot of it ha it had the natural, almost viral effect, but it was 1984. Right. Which, so that never happened. Yeah. And it was that kind of thing where suddenly people were seeing and talking about this issue in a completely different way. Right. Because it's, I feel like, like with so many of these things, the idea was shame So you wouldn't share it.


So no one knew how big the problem was. No one knew that they had other people they could connect to who are also going through it. Yep. You kept quiet. Yep. And when these things come out in public, it's, it's not our fucking shame. Yeah. You know? Yes. Okay. So what, what was the movie called? I'm gonna tell you. Okay. It starred Farrah Faucet. Okay. Now, this was Farrah Faucet when I was a young girl. She was one of the stars of Charlie's Angels legendary. Yeah. And she herself legendary. But for like a Charlie's Angels, I was on the love boat. She was basically the most beautiful woman. Yeah. In America. She did movies and stuff, but she wasn't known for acting first. She was known for beauty first. Right.


This changed that. Wow. She stars in it and does such an unbelievably amazing job. It was like you, no one could believe it. Yeah. It was, it was truly incredible. As I, I just, I remembered not being able to believe what I was looking at. Wow. The other part of it was this thing was, you know, I don't know if you had a lot of experience with Made for TV movies or that like CBS Friday night at the movies or whatever. Yes. Yeah. But it was usually kind of family oriented. Right. You know, it's kind kind of like this is a true story of a horse Or whatever. Right. It's almost, it's soap operay. Yes. It's not very realistic. Someone e everyone could watch it. Right. It would be like either inspirational or Yeah.


Romantic or whatever. This was like a true crime documentary. Wow. It was so upsetting. It was so harsh. It was so, it was so realistic. And the abuse scenes were un like Wow. Unlike anything anyone had done before. They Didn't shy away from like getting in Your face. No. Quite the opposite. Okay. And for the time, yeah, it was totally revolutionary. Okay. I would say, although this is my opinion, it shocked the nation. You could use that phrase the day after, it was what everyone was talking about. It essentially ripped off the mask of Wifebeater jokes because it exposed the true, horrifying nightmare of living life with a violent abuser and what years of life with a violent abuser can actually lead to, it's The toll it takes.


It's So, yeah. Yeah. So this is the story of Francine Hughes and the Burning Bed murder. Ah, A case that forced the issue of domestic violence out of the shadows and into popular culture. Wow. The main sources used today are the book, the Burning Bed by Faith McNulty, a 2020 mini documentary from the Retro Report. And the New Yorker entitled The Domestic Violence Case that turned outrage into action. A 1984 People magazine article by Joya Diliberto entitled A Violent Death, A Haunted Life. And the rest of the sources are in our show notes. So our story begins in Michigan in August of 1947, and that's when Francis Hughes is born.


Her dad, Walter is a blue collar laborer who works on farms and in factories. Her mom, Hazel is a waitress. They have six children, including Francine. They live in poverty, which of course is made worse because Walter Squanderers everything they have on alcohol and gambling. And he's also physically abusive towards Hazel. Francine leaves her parents' house as soon as she can when she's 16 years old. Wow. She drops out of high school and marries a man named Mickey Hughes, who's three years older than her. So a 16-year-old and a 19-year-old. Yeah. The only way to get outta your house too is to marry someone you know Was back then.


Yeah. Right, right. Women were so at this time, which would have been like what, late fifties, early sixties, women's independence like was almost impossible. Right. It was so restricted. Right? Yeah. You couldn't get a bank account under your own name, Couldn't get it with not without your dad or your husband. Right. And then you have a dad, like, let's go ahead and name him Walter. So Walter's the guy that if you don't have a somebody better than Walter in your life, then you're just screwed. Totally. So Francine says, quote, I thought he was so sophisticated, he had his own car, and most people I knew didn't. So within weeks of their wedding, Mickey's behavior toward Francine changes, she will later remember, quote, I bought some new clothes, he ripped them off me.


I don't know whether I looked too pretty or what, but he didn't want me to look that way. I was shocked because I'd never been treated like that before. What do you do when you're 16 years old and you had to beg your parents to let you get married? Of course. He said, I'm sorry, forgive me, it'll never happen again. And I believed him, but it did happen again. And by that time I was pregnant and it felt like I had to make the best of it. Oh, Baby angel. Tough. So by the time Francine's 22, she has four children with Mickey. Wow. Two daughters and two sons. But Mickey can't hold down a job. The money he does earn goes to his growing drinking habit, not his family.


So now Francine is stuck in the same cycle. Her own mother was stuck in her full-time job, is caring for her children, but Mickey's drinking and gambling make it nearly impossible for her to buy groceries or pay rent. And at one point she's left to feed her kids popcorn that she mixes with jelly and water just for the calories. Oh. So meanwhile, Francine lives in with a looming threat of violence at the hands of her husband. Not constantly, because sometimes Mickey can be loving when he wants to be, but Francine learns to walk on eggshells around him. Her son James, later reflects on the tents atmosphere in their home by saying quote, A lot of stuff went on behind closed doors.


She was scared. A lot of my dad, I know that she lived in constant fear because little things would set him off. She might say a word, and just the inflection of the way she said it may set him off, start making him mad. Hmm. So when Mickey's mad, he usually takes it out on Francine. And sometimes this happens in front of the children, and sometimes it's so bad the cops are called. But Mickey never faces any real consequences because at the time, police officers would only make an arrest if they themselves witness the assault firsthand. Great. Otherwise, they just file a report. Now these days that's changed. In most jurisdictions, officers can make arrests citing probable cause based on injuries or witnesses statements.


So of course, once the police are called to stop this horrible domestic abuse, and then it stops. Right. Then they leave, Mickey just goes back to beating Francine again. And so of course the natural question that we have heard in the past is, why doesn't she leave? But I think a lot of people, especially since like the eighties Yeah. Just people who are interested in knowing the real answer to questions like that know that it is much, it is incredibly complex situation to be in when abuser and abused. Yeah. There's no question Francine wants a, a different life for herself along with the physical abuse.


Mickey controls every aspect of her life down to whether or not she can have friends. Wow. Yeah. And we've talked about how difficult it can be for women to leave their abuser, but it's worth saying again, escaping abuse can be extremely complex because abusers often use physical, financial and psychological manipulation to trap their victims in a vicious cycle of control. Totally. Also, there's stigma around intimate partner violence as well as societal or family pressures. Like when you're, you wanna leave, but you're, you have the kind of like Right mother who might say, no, no, that's look, yeah. You've gotta put up with him or you're, you've gotta make it.


So he doesn't do that. Totally. That's a society we've lived in for a long time. Yeah. The women have to fix their men's deep psychological issues. Right. Or take responsibility for them. The genuine love for your abuser can keep you in the, in that situation. But also so does the degradation of the victim's spirit. As attorney and advocate, Tiffany Smith explained to retro report quote, this big question remains in people's minds who have not been through this or do not understand this, which is, why didn't you just leave? A woman doesn't go on a first date, get punched in the face and stay with this person. What happens is very calculating, very slow. You're humiliated, you're threatened, you've been told over and over again, you're worthless.


And it builds and builds until leaving feels impossible. And more than that, it's deadly. Women are more likely to be killed immediately after leaving than at any other time. Wow. Yeah. Also, it's of course more difficult when children are in the equation because of the abuser could threaten to harm them or take them away, or the victim might not be able to provide for independent life outside of the home. There's all that to be considered. But then at this time when Francine was going through it, there's huge financial and social barriers making it harder for women to establish their independence. And that it essentially forces the victim to become reliant on their abuser.


Right. It's so calculated. But you're right. For example, before the passage of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act in 1974, most women can't open a credit card or get a loan in their own name at most banks in the country without a male co cosigner. And again, that restriction, that discrimination was legal until the mid seventies. Right. It's so that one is such a mindblower. Yeah. When you tell the young women of today stuff like that. Totally. Where it's like, I was four years old when it became legal for women to have their own credit card without their husband's name on it. Jesus. That's fucking ridiculous. That is also, this was a time when there are no virtually no emergency resources for women experiencing domestic violence like shelters or organizations that are geared toward the problem specifically.


They basically don't exist in a meaningful way. This leaves Francine with no options, no support. Yeah. With all of that in mind, in 1971, Francine manages to successfully file for divorce. Wow. And essentially, this is out of pure desperation. She has to legally separate from Mickey to access the social programs that will help keep her family housed and fed. Right. So she, it's basically like that's the only option, which then in that, what a horrible, like The Puzzler to be in at that time. Right. So it's like, oh, So you, if you have a piece of shit has been like this at that time. Yeah. And you'll, it will require you to have these social services.


Right. Oh, you have to break up with him first. Right. That's 'cause you're, it's 'cause it's on you what he's Doing. Not that you can just go do that. It's like we're keeping it from you. Yeah. In a way that's just like, yeah, it's Puzzler that only Puzzler punishes the The victim. Yeah. Mickey's forced to move outta the family home. But he ignores this concept of divorce at all. Francine says, quote, things were no different than before Mickey came and went as he pleased. Yeah. Then weeks after this divorce is finalized, Mickey gets into a car accident that almost kills him. He breaks several bones. He suffers a serious head injury. He winds up in a coma. He spends more than a month recovering in the hospital. Francine, after years of his abuse and manipulation has been conditioned to prioritize his needs over her own.


Of course. Always. Yeah. And also to fear his retribution if she does not do that. So she visits Mickey in the hospital and once he's released, he just moves back into the house with her. Right. So that she can basically take care of him. Francine will later explain her decision saying quote, I really felt trapped after this accident. I dunno why I felt so obligated to that man, but I did. Then the real hell began. This reminds me, this show, this TV show made with Margaret Qually does a really good job of showcasing like the just, why didn't you just leave? Or why did you go back? It's just really the nuance and subtleties in it. It does a really great job of that. Right.


It's like, you saw the Twilight Zone movie right from the eighties. Which one? It's the one that was like, it was an anthology. So it was a bunch of different little mini movies in one big movie. But there's a part that's like, there's a racist that's being racist and like yelling slurs. And then he, off of the slur, he says to someone is immediately dropped into the situation where that person of the slur, he is that person. Ooh. Going through the worst of what that group of people went through. Yeah. And it is mind blowing and it's that kind of thing where it's like, it would be a great hologram escape room to send someone escape. Yeah. It's like, oh do, is that your question?


Go find out. Right. Yourself. Totally. So the problem is Mickey is recovering from his car accident, drinking more than ever. The abuse toward Francine becomes more frequent. He beats her multiple times a week, sometimes for hours at a time. Jesus. In between his trips to the bar, she remembers how a few peaceful days would pass here and there, and then she'd live in terror of going to sleep at night when he wasn't there. Because I might wake up being slugged. Jesus Christ. Here's another quote from her. Francine says, quote, I thought, well, maybe I could kill myself. But then I thought, if I kill myself, who's gonna take care of the kids?


Nobody could love them like me. I would conjure up schemes about how I would sneak up to the airport with the kids and just leave. But I would picture us sitting on a park bench with nowhere to go. Then I would get scared thinking about what Mickey would do if he found me. Yeah. So several years go by and then in 1977 when Francine is now just 29 years old, Oh my God. She's subjected to one of Mickey's worst assaults after he learns that she is enrolled in classes to become a secretary. Wow. He forces her to burn her school books in the yard and threatens to sledgehammer the car so she can't get to school. So he just loses it. Yeah.


That same night. Francine prepares microwave dinners for the family, but Mickey isn't happy. So this is the scene I can literally see in my head Really from when I was 14 years old. Yeah. It, because it's kind of like they don't spend a ton of time in the back and forth of like the growing abuse thing. It's, it's kind of like you get what's happening. They do it. It's so realistic. And basically it's that scene where she microwaves these dinners and puts them out and he's drunk and he doesn't like it. And then it's like somebody filmed a real domestic abuse situation and put it on television. Wow. It was that wild and graphic and horrifying.


Yeah. And like nothing, they didn't pretty it up. Yeah. They didn't cut away. Yeah. It was, it was unbelievable and really scary. So this is what he does. He dumps the meals from their containers onto the floor. He slams his fist so hard on the table. One of his kids glasses of milk spills and breaks on the floor. Then of course, right. That's the, that, there we go. Kids are sent upstairs as Francine is trying to clean up this mess. Mickey removes garbage from the garbage can and starts to smear it into her hair. And then he begins beating her. Francine can hear her kids crying upstairs and yelling down, mommy, are you all right? Oh my God.


So at one point during this assault, one of Francine's daughters ends up calling the police. By the time they arrive, he stopped beating her again because the police don't witness anything firsthand. They don't arrest him. This is despite Mickey threatening Francine's life right in front of them. One of the responding officers later testifies quote, he told her it was all over for her because she called me. He made numerous threats that he would kill her and he made threats to me. What the fuck? Yeah. I'm sure for those cops too, they're like, this is a drunken monster that we don't wanna deal with. Yeah. And like, and what's gonna happen anyway?


They're just gonna bring him back here. Right. Like they know the system. There's no process in place to fix this. Right. So like they're just kind of like, well, this is your problem. That was probably the like morally easiest thing to do. Yeah. Is kind of be like that. But I'm sure then at this point they know. It's just like, what do you, what is there to do now? Yeah. So we can assume the cop talks Mickey down, or the cops talk Mickey down. They make a report, they leave. His abuse continues. He forces Francine to make a new dinner for him. Then he rapes her afterwards he falls asleep in a drunken haze. Francine though is done.


She says quote, I was thinking about all the things that had happened to me all the times he'd hurt me, how he'd hurt the kids. I stood still for a moment, hesitating and a voice urged me on it. Whispered, do it, do it. Do it. So she puts her kids in her car, then she goes to the garage and gets a can of gasoline. She goes to the bedroom where Mickey's passed out, douses the area around the bed, lights a match, tosses it at the gas soaked floor, runs outta the house as it goes up in flames. Holy Shit. And now she's in the car with her kids. She drives straight to the county jail and turns herself in. Wow. I mean, how fucking desperate do you have to be?


That that is your best option. Yeah. That's all you can do. Yeah. That's all you can do. Not just leave. There's no just leaving. No, that's, this is my only option. Yeah. You knew it. I like going to the being Best case scenario for my kids. I finished it. Nobody else seemed to be able to. Right. Jesus Firefighters, of course, are deployed to the Hughes home. By the time they get there. Mickey's dead. And Francine Hughes is charged with first degree murder and put in jail. Francine willingly and admittedly murdered her husband while he was sleeping. As one officer put it, there was no question that the system had failed her. But in our system, the excuse for system failures is not to commit first degree murder.


Well, thank you for that wonderful lesson. It's like calling a system failure. It's like, this isn't like we had a gas leak. Right. This is a man who for a decade punches his wife in the face and everyone knows it. And no one does shit about it. Yeah. No one's going to fucking help you. No one's going to do anything to stop it. So Francine spends the next several months in jail until her trial begins. And when it does, the stakes are enormous. 'cause she isn't just fighting for her freedom. She's also up against the very 1970s attitudes that blame women for their circumstances and look for any excuse not to hold male abusers accountable for the sum total of their actions, which is their murders.


Right. So when the case begins, Francine's lawyer argues that after years of Mickey's relentless abuse, Francine experienced temporary insanity when she killed him. The timing of this case is very important because at the time, feminist groups had already spent years trying to raise awareness and organize around the issue of spousal abuse and domestic violence. And writer faith McNulty will later put it, quote, had it occurred a decade earlier, the facts underlying the crime would probably have never been widely known. But in the seventies, there was a new willingness to listen to a story such as Francine. Wow. Interesting. And I think that new willingness had to do with basically enough women like you're saying, like women talking to each other.


Yeah. Women telling each other You're not alone. Right. And you don't have to stay there and we'll figure something out or, or just like maybe the basic empowerment of you can have a checking account. Right. And maybe figure something out. Yeah. Because you think of stories after this where women being abused, saving money in like a secret checking account. Yeah. To get away. Yeah. Because financial abuse is such a great way to control someone. Yeah. Yeah. It's just you control everything. Right. So obviously this case becomes national news. The big networks flood, Francine, small Michigan town, and the New York Times writes that Francine's case becomes a quote. Cause celeb for the feminist movement.


Yay. Feminists. But also, I don't know, I just get the tone of like, oh, it's a cause celeb. Right. It's like she had to kill him to get him to stop hitting her. Right. Right. In the courtroom, a jury of two men and 10 women eventually hand down their verdict. They agreed that Francine suffered from temporary insanity and she is acquitted for the murder of her husband. How did they get that jury? Like those Lawyers? Those lawyers were good, But I also wonder if like those lawyers were good, but the people, I mean, wherever this was tried, it'd be very in. I mean, I would I wanna read this book. Yeah. But that the people in that community, not only like knew of him and knew this reality, but so many people have lived through this in some way.


Totally. If like if you're not the spouse, then you're the kid watching that happen. Like plenty of people being like, yeah, enough of this and enough of women going to jail because this is the only option they Have. It's almost like that verdict was for all the women that came before her who didn't escape, or who were the ones who were killed. Yes. It's like that verdict is the message of no more. Right. You know? Yes. So then in 1980, writer Faith McNulty publishes the nonfiction book, the Burning Bed, all about Francine's life and about this case. And that of course draws more attention to the issue.


Francine gets an $11,000 advance for this book, which is worth around $42,000 in today's money. And she uses it as a down payment for a house. Oh wow. So she can live with her kids and have a place to be safe. Oh My God, how beautiful. But her life doesn't really change materially except for the attention and the interest in the story. She still has to make ends meet. So she actually ends up getting some secretarial work, and then she will later operate a forklift in a factory for a couple years before she gets laid off. When this happens, Francine goes through a dark time and she says quote, I went a little crazy.


I was partying almost every night trying to escape from something I drank a lot and I was taking speed. It was like I was trying to self-destruct. Yeah. But it's also, you didn't have a childhood. Right? You basically went from like sophomore year of high school into a nightmare. Yeah. Nightmare marriage. Absolutely. Family situation. Like the trauma That you are not dealing with. Yeah. You know, she wasn't in therapy. No. She wasn't there was talking to anybody about it. It was like, oh, now 'cause it's the the abuse, then it's the murder, then it's the infamy. Right. There's so much to deal with. Yeah. That of course. You just were like, I need to blot it out.


Yeah. This is when Francine meets a man named Robert, who'd recently been released from prison after serving 10 years for armed robbery. The nature of this relationship isn't exactly clear, though. A deep dive A people magazine article from the eighties suggests it wasn't a wonderful relationship. They move in together two weeks after meeting. They get married a month after that at Robert's insistence. And that whirlwind pace can also be a red flag in some relationships. Francine's marriage to Robert strains her relationship with her children based on reporting. It seems like they don't at the very best, they don't like him. Right. And Troublingly, one of her daughters will accuse him of sexual abuse, which he denies.


The National Domestic Violence Hotline points out that one risk factor for being in a toxic relationship is a lack of exposure to healthy relationship models or examples. Yeah. And of course she meets this guy at a very vulnerable time in her life. So it's not like she's like, okay, I also deserve this. Totally. But I went through that. Totally. In any case, as all of that is, is playing out in Francine's actual life, the book, the Burning Bed gets adapted into the Made for TV movie that airs on NBC starring Farrah Faucet as Francine. Over 75 million people watch this made for TV movie the Night at Premiers, including 14-year-old Karen Kilgar and her mother Pat Kilgar, who kept going, I don't think we should watch it.


Right. I don't, this is Karen. This is very right. I don't think, 'cause it truly was like so graphic and like unlike anything ever really had been up until that point. Yeah. So this made for TV movie of Francine's story kicks off a national conversation. And according to the New York Times quote, the number of shelters for battered women grew from a mere handful in 1977 to nearly 700 the year the burning bed was televised. Wow. Which was 1984. Yeah. After this, the term burning bed syndrome becomes the well-known shorthand for the trauma caused by domestic abuse. Wow. And then later in his 2016 book, co-written with writer Alan Senal titled tv, the book television critic Matt Zite, named The Burning Bed as the seventh greatest American TV movie of all time.


Holy shit. Writing quote. The film was a landmark in terms of content depicting domestic violence as an unambiguous horror and a human rights violation. Yeah. Sites also praised the performance of Farrah Faucet as one of the finest in the history of TV movies. Holy shit. It was crazy. I, I just wish the difference between Charlie's angel, Farrah Faucet, like supermodel, the hair, the whole thing. She was just a girl and a poster and all of a sudden she was like, watch this. That's incredible. Watch this. It was amazing. It, so basically Francine and Robert eventually leave Michigan for the south there.


Francine gets her nursing degree. Oh wow. The couple lives in Tennessee and then in Alabama. Francine finds work in nursing homes and as an in-home caregiver. And she passes away from complications related to pneumonia. In 2017, Francine Hughes was 69 years old at the time of her death. Her family members have said that she rarely talked about the case. She was once quoted as saying, people look at me like they're trying to figure me out. I don't feel like I have to explain myself to anybody and I don't need pity or sympathy. I'm just an ordinary person. Francine was an ordinary person whose nightmarish home life was tragically also not unique.


Instead, Francine was a victim of a much larger systemic problem that persists today. Domestic and intimate partner violence can and does affect anyone regardless of a person's age, sex education level or economic background. Within a year of her trial, Michigan passed new laws dealing with spousal abuse. And since then more have been introduced that prioritize victim safety. Of course, there are now shelters, hotlines, and organizations dedicated to supporting survivors of domestic violence and or intimate partner violence. Still, Francine's case isn't the norm despite handwriting shortly after her verdict about how women would now be able to shoot their husbands and get off scot free.


Right. The reality is that in the years since there have been several high profile cases where a survivor has been jailed for killing their abuser. Yeah. There's a lot of those. According to the National Domestic Violence hotline, 12 million people are affected by intimate partner violence each year. One in four American women and one in seven American men over the age of 18 have been the victim of serious physical violence by an intimate partner. One in four and one in seven. Yeah. Like, There's everyone, you know, if, if you don't think you know anyone that, that has gone through this, then they're keeping it a secret. Right. They're not telling you. Yeah. That's all it is. If you or someone you know is experiencing domestic abuse or intimate partner violence, please remember you're not alone.


They're not alone. Help is available. You can call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE. Their website is the hotline.org. Just the hotline.org. And they offer information on warning signs of abuse resources in your state. How to support someone you love that might be experiencing intimate partner violence. They're free, it's confidential. It's available 24 7. I'm grateful that we live in a time where I can pass that information on to all of you as a woman who has her own checking account and owns her own home. Yeah. And has some goddamn options in this world.


And that is the story of Francine Hughes and the Burning Bed murder. Wow. I had never heard that. I had never heard of it at all. No. Oh, I thought I was like, when I was talking about it, I thought, I I thought you were just like, yeah, yeah, I know. No, As soon as you, I was like, as soon as she says the name of the Made for TV movie, I'll know what she's talking about. I never heard of it. God, It's such a speci. I mean I was four, I was old. Was Yeah. But it's also such a specific, it's all, I can also remember the Mothers Against Drunk Driving Made for TV movie. Right. Those weird like era changing ideas Yeah. Of like, we don't have to do this anymore. Totally.


Then it's very mother centric. It's female centric in my opinion. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Incredible. Great job. Yeah. You You for telling that important story. Thank you. Thank you Mary McLain for being such a good


researcher. Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends, Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But There's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Qua star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


You may love the finer things in life like soft, cashmere, silk, and effortlessly chic fashion. But your bank account probably doesn't always agree.


Fortunately, we have Quince. With Quince, you can get quality luxury essentials without the hefty price tag like their Mongolian cashmere sweater starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I feel like I need to apologize to people. 'cause I have a one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters and the dark gray and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter, where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times. And I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for $50, Quince cares about us. It feels like. It's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We Should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear a different one every day of the week. I mean, I absolutely will Give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Spring is in the air fresh flowers, crisp mornings, that first warm breeze through an open window. It's the Time of year when everything smells amazing. And thanks to Pretty Litter Your Home Can Too.


Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ships free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean, a huge thing of kitty litter shipped to your door alone is an amazing convenience and perk. But then the fact that Pretty Litter helps you track your cat's health and make sure that your cat is doing okay as it like takes care of odor in your home. What more do you want? Yeah. As someone with an older kitty cat and looking at you Mimi, it is like such peace of mind to know that if something's going on with her kidneys, I'll know immediately instead of like months in the future when she shows me some other sign. Pretty litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy Pretty litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye.


Alright, well we're gonna change gears. Okay. Change gears. Yeah. So I think people change. Yeah, it is. Okay, Well we're gonna do it and I'm gonna tell you what I think might be the oldest story we've done. Maybe. No, you did a really old one once. Remember when I did the weather in 14, like 13? It was like when the weather was so bad for a year and a half that everyone just like died and there was no food and stuff. This is fucking older. No, this is older. Are You about to tell me a Bible story? I'm gonna tell you a biblical fucking snow. Yeah, I'm not, I'm gonna, but we are gonna go back to the early days of the Roman Empire. Oh, is that the earliest like gladiator fucking days?


It's pretty early. Yeah, it's pretty early. And it does sound like something straight out of Game of Thrones and actually was probably a likely source of inspiration for George RR Martin. This is the story of a woman That what you're gonna Guess. I, I don't know. I'm just, yeah, I'm ready for it. This Is the story of a woman. Some people describe as history's first documented serial killer. Oh, This is the story of Locusta. The Poisoner of Rome. Yes. Yes. You ready for Her? Yes, please. Okay, Let's do it. So there are very limited primary sources about Lata. She's only briefly mentioned in surviving histories of Rome. Of course. It's just like everyone's moved on from her. Yes.


Nobody could. They're over it. Yeah, they're over it. All Italians are over it. Well, let's not talk about it. No one was talking about her when I went to Italy. Right. Well the, but the main sources for the story were an episode of a adorable podcast called History for Weirdos, which is super lovely. It's his married couple. They're very smart. And an article from all that's interesting by Genevieve Carlton. So we don't know much about SSA's early life. We know she was born in Gaul, GAUL. This is the region of the Roman Empire that overlaps with modern day France and Belgium. Like you. You knew that though. I, I honestly thought Germany and I was like, you should say Germany and just sound really smart. And then I was like, don't The other voice that's finally grown in my head that goes, don't do it.


Don't even try. So You don't know. These things sucked. Don't even try. Except You're kidding yourself. Supt. She's born sometime around 1480. So, and of course you know this as well, either at the end of the Reign of Augustus or the beginning of the Reign of Ty Tiberi. Yes. What's it? Tiberius? Yeah. It's because I watched, what's it called? Gladiator two. Seriously. Starring Paul Mezcal. It's the PBS series from the seventies. Oh no. And I keep wanting to take Kal, But you got it right. So congratulations. Yeah. So that does something Stuck. I mean, some It feels good. Yeah. You should be happy for yourself. Thanks. Okay, so these two men were Rome's first and second ever. You Did do the whole f the whole first syllable.


No, I wouldn't ti I wouldn't have gotten Tiberius if I had heard Ty. Isn't that I, Claudia Brent just found it Was I caught. Thank you. Thank you. I wondered where he was. I, Claudia, There we go. And before then, Rome had been a republic. We're not gonna get into the weeds about Rome. Can we not please? We, we cannot. For sure. I'd really rather not. But I will tell you that. Just this one thing. Yeah. I was so blown away when I went to Rome. Yeah. To see these places that they used to meet. They're fucking huge. Yeah. So like, you know when you're thinking about it and you're just like, oh friends, Romans countrymen type of stuff. And you're like, oh, they're probably like on a weird little rock.


Or you're thinking of like some Monty Python movie or whatever. Like they were all standing in a circle in a marketplace. Yeah. No, no, no. Like these things were like 15 story buildings. Wow. Like, and They're still standing kinda Huge. And they're still standing and then there's like metal statuary on top of that. Like it was Yeah. Mind blowing. What a Time I wanna go but stop it. Okay. 'cause we're not getting into the weeds. I'm Totally done. Essentially though, the empire emerged after a series of civil wars destabilized the Republic. Julius Caesar, your BFFA senator tried to seize power and install himself as a dictator, which is why he was famously assassinated. Hmm. But Augustus, the first emperor was his nephew and he eventually overpowered the senators who had conspired against Caesar.


So this is where we are now. Okay. So right around this time, this is where Lata ends up in the city of Rome. She's a young woman and I looked at the like one or two drawings of her that I don't know what time period they're from. They could be modern, they could be old. But I cast her as Jessica Chastain. Oh. Just for fun in Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. That's just my, was my immediate thought. Got it. And it's likely that she had been enslaved or brought there as a captive of Julius Caesar's campaign in Gall. So had the campaign where she's from and she ends up there. So probably brought over for like slavery purposes. Yeah. Somehow during her upbringing she learned a huge amount about herbs, plants, and poison making.


But there's no record of how it's likely that this knowledge would've been passed down within her family as it was. And this period, LOA is born into the end of the republic and the beginning of the empire is, the beginning was actually a pretty great fucking time to be a Roman citizen. It sounds pretty sweet. It's where they get the saying bread and circuses, which I've never heard before, but Ali Thankfully put in here. Yeah. And you're nodding link you've part of it. Well, It's the thing that they talk about. We're like, that's how they distract us. And then the, everybody's corrupt in the government and they give us our bread and circuses. That's what it says here. The emperors keep the people happy by writing free food and entertainment, including the gladiators. And then they fuck off and do their own thing. And Then we all fight about like the Kim Kardashian of gladiators.


Right. And we're all over here too. And They got more food and circuses than I did. And I And how dare that person doesn't deserve as many circuses 'cause they're lower than me and I'm, yeah. And then we fight with each other and ignore the fucking oligarchs. And the billionaires don't pay taxes And the billionaires don't pay taxes and corporations run the fucking country. Yeah. What, where are we? What? Roman empire you say? Okay. I Guess so this is where kinda the beginning of the opulent, technologically advanced city of Rome, the expanding empire around it. It's good to be fucking wealthy in Rome at this time. But of course at this point in time, it's not good to be a person living in one of the areas Rome is conquering. But within the city of Rome, even an average Roman citizen, life's pretty stable and conditions are comfortable.


You know, comparatively Is no Victorian England, This, Those are the two times I know. Yeah. Pretty much in the seventies. Yes. This period of time is called the Pax Romana and it will last about 200 years and then the empire will decline and fall. And after that it's the Dark Ages. Super fun. And then it's lights out for Europe until the Renaissance. Yeah. So that's where we're at right now. This like time of wine and roses. Hell yeah. Did I just make that up? A lot of parades, A lot of like, right? Yeah. A lot of flowers being dropped down from high. Yes. It's like, this is around when the movie Gladiator takes place, or a little gladiator's a little later, but around this time.


But while normal people are enjoying themselves, the ruling class is still constantly full of infighting, jockeying for power and assassinating one another. That's kind of their thing. This presents an opportunity for a girl from gall with a deep knowledge of plants and poisons. You gotta use what you know also, Why don't we know it anymore? That's like, yeah. Is that what's in the Vatican Secret Library Or whatever? It's like all the sorcery plant fucking recipes. Yeah. All the stuff that really used to help us. So in her early career in Rome, Lata works with two other women to make poisons for wealthy clients. The three of them are often referred to as sorcerer.


Laa becomes independently wealthy for doing this. Fucking get it. Girl. She would've used hashtag boss bitch. Yes. If she had Instagram do it. You know, LA Cua makes a name for herself. She is boss bitching but writing it on the wall. Yeah. In Roman numeral graffiti Somehow. But I can't read. She makes a name for herself. She's hired by members of Rome's Elite to help them carry out assassinations in their various power struggles. And by 54 ad, which she's about 40 years old, she's been arrested and convicted on multiple occasions. However, her powerful clients get her off every time. Yeah. We don't know about all the poisons Lata uses, unfortunately those are secrets now.


But records show that she used Bella Donna or Deadly Nightshade as well as arsenic and the litany of other poisons. I think you'd have to imagine Sally from the night before Christmas. You know what I mean? Yeah. Just a skinny pale girl that's like, I like to combine things little of this. And it sounds like she also knows how to create new poisons from different combinations. So she's fucking smart Also. I didn't realize that until now. It's like, Oh Yeah, there was all kinds of poisonings happening, like palace intrigues type type stuff. Yeah. Those rich people aren't just gonna have poison on H like they have to buy it from somewhere. Right. They don't make it themselves. I just realized that. Yeah, they have Poisoners. Yeah. So by this point we're on Rome's fourth emperor, Claudius Augustus, the first emperor had essentially consolidated power and set Rome on this path to growth in conquest.


And then there were two other emperors until Claudius Claudius marries his niece. A woman named a Grina who had already been married like, Oh my God. Drama. And whose first husband had died possibly by poisoning Agro has a son from that previous marriage, his name. You wanna try the guess? Yeah. You don't have to. No Pressure. Does it start with No. Okay. Start it. And I'm gonna Say you're gonna know the name and so you're gonna think I wish I had known. Oh, Nero. Oh Yeah. Okay. So Niro obviously doesn't really have a particularly strong claim to the Roman throne because he's the son of the second wife.


You know what I mean? Yeah. But Groa is like, but let's change that. Right. I'm the new wife, or I'm the wife, let me figure this out. Groa convinces Claudius to change his will, making her son Nero the heir to the throne. This is in spite of Claudia having a biological son. And after Claudia changes his will agar Pina wants to make sure that he doesn't have time in life to change it back. Right. You know what I'm saying? So she turns to Lata, who by this time is well known among Roman elites, agro, pina, and Lata. Wait for a day when Claudia's most loyal servant has the day off. They had days off back then. That's nice.


Interesting. They poison a dish of mushrooms, which is Claudia's favorite food. And it's unclear if the mushrooms themselves are poisonous or if she applies poison to the mushrooms. We don't know how she sauteed and Shante other people say he was actually poisoned by Bella, Donna Bruin to a T. Regardless, the story goes that Claudius gets sick. His doctor comes to see him. And I don't know why every single doctor who went to see any patient ever was back then wasn't first like you're being poisoned. Right. Because everyone was fucking being Poisoned. Right. It was so common. Yeah. Especially in the palace, Right? Yeah. Like kind of should be number one. Number two is like gout or whatever, you know? Right. I don't know. What do they get? The doctor gives Claudius a feather to stick down his throat to induce vomiting.


That's doctors then. I mean that's it also. But that's how they did it in the Vomitorium. Oh right, right, Right. But the feather has been coated in more poison and we don't know if Agro Pina did this or if the doctor was involved, however, They're locking it down. Yeah. And he, Claudia dies. Okay. After Claudia dies, agro Pina who hired Loa has Lata jailed for the poisoning. Which seems like a bad idea. 'cause you just talk. Right. And you're like, oh, I didn't do this on my own. Right. I don't get it. It's a weird move. Clearly it's like a paranoia move. Yeah. Because also it's all gonna be down to her obviously. Totally. Yeah. Like get rid of the evidence. But like the evidence can talk. But this doesn't matter because her son Niro quickly frees her because he also needs her help.


Yeah. So Claudia's biological son is a man named, Gimme the first letter. BR Brittanica. Oh Yeah. I wouldn't about wouldn't that. No, I'm not gonna, he's named this because the Romans had recently expanded the empire to Britain around his time of birth. I dunno, Britannica. Sure. My name's Georgia. Like I don't, what am I gonna say about Can't judge about that. I can't. You can't. I truly can't. Britannica still has a powerful claim to the Roman throne. Sadly. He's only 13 years old when his pops dies in 55 ad Nero, pardons, Lata and quickly hires her to kill 13-year-old Britannica. Yeah. Which is like, just send him to a fucking island.


They can't, it's always killing with them. It's So much killing. Yeah. It's so Much killing. He wants her to make his death appear to be of natural causes at 13 Lata attempts to poison him with arsenic, but it doesn't work. And Niro has her flogged for this. Mm hmm. I don't think that's the best idea. Has Loa flogged. Yeah. Oh, okay. But they try again. Nero throws a dinner party, wine is served, the Romans would serve their wine diluted with water, blah, blah, blah. Basically before Britannica takes a sip of his wine, his taster, who's specifically there to test for poison, takes a sip, says it's fine. And then Britannica is like, oh, top me off with that kind of that water. It turns out that water was the poison.


Oh. So the tester didn't drink it again? Britannica drinks it. It's probably Bella Donna. And thing is, Britannica has epilepsy. The other people at the dinner party know this. So when he basically stops being able to speak Nero's, like, oh, he's just having a seizure. Mm. Which is like, again, let's start with poisoning. Yeah. It's in the pla. If you're like, well there's the air to the throne. Yeah, I'm sure there's no Problem. No, we're all fine. Yeah. Britannica is brought to another room to recover, but it's where he ultimately suffocates and dies at 13. According to lore, the poison Loa used was known by the Romans to turn a victim skinned red and Britannica is buried very quickly after his murder.


This is so Game of Thrones, isn't it? Yeah. Right. With his face painted with a white chalk to hide his red skin. People just aren't really paying attention, I feel like back then. Or They're just not staring into the face maybe for very long. Or they're like, I'm not the one to say anything. Well Right. There's poisoners everywhere. There's Poisoners, that's the fucking king or whatever. And you're just like, that's not for me. I gotta tell you, if anybody wants to watch it, I, Claudius is a pretty amazing, okay. It's like old British incredible actors kind of as like they're doing a play on a TV stage. Yeah. And all of this stuff is like, the stakes are insane. Okay. Yeah. I'm Gonna do it. Because then it's like if you live and you are the one that doesn't get poisoned, you get to have like all of Germany.


Right. You know what I mean? Right. You get to have, do you like Scotland? You can have it. We have. We have stuff all the way up in Ireland. But Then someone's coming for you too. Yeah. You know That's right. You can't poison everyone who will ever poison you. I know Something, but just because he has that chalk on his face just before his burial, it starts to rain showing the red skin under the white chalk. So it's immediately known throughout Rome that Britannica has been poisoned. Wow. There's also probably like a no snitching on, you know, Nero policy going On. Oh Yeah. He'll kill you immediately. Absolutely. Yeah. Like just keep your mouth shut. Niro rewards kusta for securing the throne for him. He pays her, he gives her land and he ultimately tasks her with opening up a school to teach other people to be poisoners.


It's like a happy ending. Yeah. That is really positive. Yeah. He also grants her immunity for all future crimes. Does that sound Familiar? Not at all. Not not in the league. Anyway. Fast, fast Forward, any immunity? Hmm. Some accounts say that Lata is given enslaved people and prisoners to test her poisons on. That's just a rumor and this is where the idea comes from, that she is the first known serial killer. Which is so funny. Like you don't think about, like, you think of serial killer as a recent thing. Right. But It was probably happening a lot. Just the second, the first human brain that got a weird little Yeah. Screw fall out of it. Yeah. Type of thing.


Sorry, that's an oversimplification. No, that sounds of psychopathy scientifically correct from what I've Read. I mean especially back then. Yeah. It was much before it was a sin, you know, it happened all the time. Definitely. And some people say it at this point, she just starts poisoning people because she enjoys it. Sounds like she's good at it. You know, not just as a hired assassin. We don't know much about what else happens to Cusa for about 15 years until she's in her mid fifties. During this time, Niro has made a lot of enemies. In fact, during this time period, Niro actually murders his own mother. Yeah. I did fucking put him in the throne. Yeah. Like Thanks A lot. Just ungrateful. Yeah. Little bastard. Totally. In 68 ad Nero is unseeded by a man named GBA and is forced to flee Rome.


Sorry. But right there. Yeah. If I was like, GBA is now in charge, I'd be like, yeah, no, this isn't gonna last. Why? Because you never heard it. Gba. Yeah. That's not do this. You don't have any IUS at the end. GBA is fucking gba. Oh my God. It's over. Let's all get the fuck outta Here. We gotta get outta Rome and Nero dies by suicide shortly after this. The new emperor, your best friend Gba overturns lo Costa's immunity. Because that can be done as well. Yes. We've heard. Then this comes as part of a purge of all of Niro's closest advisors. So for 15 fucking years, LOA was living the good life. Yeah. And of, you know, nothing lasts. No it doesn't.


Time is of construct. The pendulum swings and swings. Exactly. Flat circle GABA accuses laa of killing more than 400 people and sentences her to death. So she is executed, although it's not known exactly how there are two legends. The story always begins with her being marched through the streets of Rome in chains. Shame all Of Game of Thrones. Yes. Yep. Some say she's then strangled or burnt or a combination of the two public executions are common in Rome and often take place during gladiator games. Like there's that entertainment and circus that you wanted. Yeah. In addition to burning other methods of execution include crucifixion, which seems like it's reserved for special circumstances as well as exposure to wild beasts.


That's a hell no. I mean they're all, hell no, they're all Pretty bad. I'm not. Yeah. But yeah, what It just, you just get thrown in a pit with a bunch of coyotes. Oh god. Well anyway, that's the end of Locusta story as we know it. Which there isn't a ton. Let's get Jessica Chastain on the line and fucking get an exactly right pictures fucking movie out Here. Also, if you have a history podcast where you go into this part of Yeah. Roman history in depth. I'll listen to it if you Let us know. I'm telling you, history for weirdos. They clearly went to school unlike us. Should I go there first? Yeah. They know what they're talking about. They're good explainers. They're Good explainers.


And they like have details off the top of their mind in a way that I don't understand. Because they studied. Because They studied and probably didn't drink themselves into oblivion in their thirties. You know, I think the thing about people who learned a lot and stayed in school Yeah. Is that it's because they read books and got what was happening and then were like, Oh my God, this is a great factoid. Which I feel like you and I are both the kind of people. Had we not been born with these brains, that would've, we would've been those people. Yeah. But like the sitting in the seat and the being told what to do. Totally. The distractions and the Time away from drinking all of that. The disinterest. Yeah. And I'm fine with that.


We're not all gonna be, we we're not all supposed to be the same. No. But I feel like these days, you know, history for weirdos, there are people who, who got really good at teaching because they understand what's interesting about history or like that it's, here's how you bring into history to life, which Means This Podcast Will Kill You. Great example. Oh, so smart. Learning about that kind of stuff where it's like, oh, often we put a mental block up. Yeah. Where it's like, oh, history, I, that's boring. It's like, it's so not boring. It's So not boring. It's not. I'm a big fan of history. I really am. And that is everything we know about the woman who was possibly the first serial killer. Kusta Poisoner of Rome. Wow.


That was great. Thank you. Thank you Ali for I, if you wanna dip into Roman, the Roman Empire every once in a while to tell me about it, I am here for it. Okay. We ha we have to, there's a whole, there's a whole time period. Thousands and thousands. Thousands of years. Thousands of years ago. Okay. Well good. I'm glad you liked that. Yeah, that was great. Thanks. Wonderful. Alright. Well we did it. We got some beautiful, this has been a like, huge well-rounded episode and That's what we're like, you know what I mean? It's like I feel like we're able to get in there and really produce. That's right. Everything is handed to us as we walk in the door. Every single thing is thought through for That. A DH, adhd because we were born with it.


Maybe can't hand that to me. Cannot, can't hand that to You Can't print that up on a, a copier in a, a different part of the building. I've never seen. No, you Can't. No. Well, thank you guys for being here and being part of this. So appreciative. Yeah. We really love it. And one last thank you to all our ceramic Ceramicists Ceramicists artists. Yeah. For our ninth anniversary, Including Emily, AKA pottery mama Missy, AKA young Yenta Sam Regal with that beautiful mug and Lindsay Cook with the altered moments figurine. Oh, so every good. I've just been like talking to you this whole time and listening to you with these beautiful things behind her head and I'm so distracted and I keep just going, oh, You know what we do is take these and put them down here Yeah.


And put these things up here so these guys get a little time in the sun. Yeah, right. Definitely. We're interior designers. We Are. And we're gonna fill up these shelves with all of the beautiful, it's just so nice that we have the kind of listeners that, and you guys have been like this from day one. Yeah. That like, we go like, Hey, can we have a thing about something? Hey, will you teach details about Real Empire? Yeah. And then it's like, boom, Here. That's my specialty. Yeah. Boom. And I'm funny and creative. Yeah. They're, it's incredible. And like the response, the ceramic response is to the point where the post office is kind of mad us. I knew they Would be. It's wonderful. Yeah. Just like your the early days. Yeah. When George would go to her post office Box and they'd be like, what's murder?


They get mad about the word murder on things like, listen, Listen. It's been around for at least since lo Casta time. Truly. So Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our Managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com.


Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite Murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


ID tech. The first and most trusted tech camp is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people the coding and creating people, the fire breathing shell spinning BattleBots people the just as happy building games as they are playing them. People. At 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country, ID tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, game design and more. Visit id tech.com and Use code ID tech to save $150 on a week. That's guaranteed to be a highlight of summer


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts, amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.