
This is exactly right.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality, and go anywhere attitude or a test Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


So when we last left, you the facts. Were heating up. This is my favorite part. Are we going to break the case? No. We're planning our next all-inclusive beach vacation@cheapcaribbean.com. Actually, this is my favorite part. At cheap caribbean.com get more sand for your dollar. With our beach favorite sale score $175. Instant savings on bookings of four nights or more to the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Aruba, and The Bahamas. I've got my passport right here. Offer ends April 1st. Visit cheap caribbean.com.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing. And this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite murder. That's a Georgia Hard start. And that's sick, Karen. Kill Gareth. And this is how you make them fucking. Have you seen, I don't know how we haven't talked about this yet. The fucking husky who has an Italian accent. Yes. Right. Oh my God. Nothing has brought me more joy in my life than That guy. The best. Right? The best. I feel like if there's any animal that's about to break over into human speaking, Huskies will be first. They're so close. They're they're borderline. They're like, it's parrots, which I watched so many videos of them talking to, they Literally are Talking. And Huskies, if you haven't seen it, just Google Italian. Husky Huskies are the Parrots Of The Future.


And that's clear to all of us who care about TikTok. Yeah. Don't you believe in evolution? Everyone? Sorry, breaking news. Do you know that I am off of TikTok? Why? What Happened? 'cause I accidentally, the day that they said they were quote unquote banning it. Yeah. I went and deleted the app. 'cause I was like, I don't wanna stare at that anymore. I don't wanna, I don't wanna just look at it and not, you can not be able to access it. Did you cancel your account or you just cancel it back in? I Deleted it off my phone. Oh. Oh, okay. 12 hours later I'm eating dinner with Bridger and he goes home on the reinstated TikTok. And I was like, wait, what? And so then I go to put it back on my phone. Cannot. You can't, can't. Because they're like, fuck you and fuck you. Fuck you. If you, if you like ditch them. If it's basically the general practice of fuck you if you're American at this point.


Oh Well, yeah. I mean, that's great. Come to Instagram. We're a happy family here. It's less chaotic. Here's the thing, it's just like I have to transfer high school's senior year. Right? Last Quarter. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That makes Sense. So it's like, Hey guys, are we gonna be friends? No, no, no, no, no, no. But everyone wants someone new and exciting. We're all bored of each other over there. Okay. So I immediately have to post bikini pics 'cause I don't know. Okay. Can I tell you the last thing I posted? What? A slow motion reel of Vince taking a chicken pot pie that he made me on Friday night and upending it on a plate and handing it to me. Oh. With some dirty song playing in the background. Like that's all it is there.


We're having fun With the kind of, let's get it on. Feel Kind of like popped up, you know, everybody popped up. You know that one like this, which I, I wanna sing so bad. And I, as I was walking into the office, I was like wanting to sing that song. And I was like, that's actionable. Don't sing that to your coworker. You even in the parking lot, it's questionable. Totally. Definitely not Pass the doorway. Look that song up too. If you need a, if you need a fucking jam to jog too, Can you give me the musician that performs it? Oh, It's fucking, it's too live crew. Yeah. Like nothing Is better. And the song is called Pop That Pussy. That's the fucking name of it. So I'm not No, no, you didn't write it. You're just rapping it. I wish I Had. Yeah. Hey, speaking of rap, have you watched the Martha Stewart documentary?


Not yet. I, I kind of was meant about it and then I watched it And then you were not, And then it was like very interesting. Yes. That's what all I've heard is very interesting. Amazing. Like, almost like the story behind talk about Instagram. It's kind of like, yeah, she's all about pictures and presentation, but there, there's the First influencer they're saying and I, it's so true. She is. I remember being in high school and there used to be an American Express commercial where it was Martha Stewart lining a pool, the bottom of a pool with American Express cards. Like it was a craft project. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, who's that? My mother was like, oh God, she's some woman from the East Coast.


Like eye roll. Eye roll. Yeah. And it was like she was, but, but it was almost like how to be perfect, how to have a perfect life. How to be perfect. That's what the whole thing is about. And it's also like a little disturbing 'cause she's clearly like a little bit of an opt automaton, what is the word Robot? Yeah. A little robotic. Sure. Little like, I guess sociopathy kind of like, because you have to be in that business. Yes. Or to be, to get where she is in this world. Yes. But it's also super impressive 'cause she's of badass and has like taken some hits and just got back up. You know, She's still growing those tulips seasonally. It's interesting.


You should watch it as a CEO yourself, an entrepreneur. I think there's some parts And parts and someone heading to jail for Sure. For insider trading. Yeah. I do think you'll, you'll identify with some parts of it. Multiple people have told me many women who work very hard in business and who have kind of seen some shit have told me the same thing, where it's just like, you just gotta see her version of it. Yeah. Which is cool. There's definitely parts you'll identify with. Yeah, for Sure. Yeah. Yeah. What have you got going on? Mostly the muffin parts. I already told you I've been kicked off TikTok. Right. So like, that's it. I feel like I'm forced into like now I'm spiritual or something because we something I literally sit on them at the patio table in my back patio in the morning and kind of like stare off like, well I guess this is In a good way, a Better way to spend time.


Yeah. My sister and I were talking about it. You can tell it's not good for your brain to watch things for 10 to 60 to seconds to maybe three minutes that Are this. Yeah. Over and over and over again. And just flipping, flipping, flipping. Yeah. That it does something to your dopamine. Kind of like your set rate of satisfaction. Absolutely. So I think that's good. But I am so scared about the just absolute loss of information, shared information between Twitter being gone and which it is completely gone. And the Twitter we all knew, and the thing that was important about Twitter was it was started by journalists. Right. Shorthanding News and like, so everyone else that was there, you know, later stages we're all just kind of like hangers on.


But it was news based and sourced. We need that kind Access to information on all platforms and from all places. Yeah. So that we can then make a decision for ourselves. Yes. And you're worried about that not being available to everyone And the fact that it is not, it absolutely cuts into people being able to organize people being able to have realtime reactions to things. Yeah. Like it just is holistically as I kind of skip around on my phone going, well Blue sky, I mean I'm, you know what, let's all make the best coast to blue sky for sure. But God Yeah. Dark. Well, we're here waiting for you on Instagram with open arms and a chicken pot pie, slow motion chicken pot pie.


I mean, that alone is a huge, that was one of the most perfect invitations you could offer me. What Else is there? I just, I guess I was always picturing of people like, here's us at the bikini party. Oh, here's, here's me and my bikini again. Bikini from the back. Like, that's what it always felt like that to me. I Don't get a lot of bikini content that's not Okay good. What I follow. And that's not what's offered to me. So, and you don't feel pressed to post bikini? Are You fucking kidding me? That's what it's been in my head the whole Time. No. Everything I post is like chicken pot pie adjacent. It's not. It's not. Or like dog and cat stuff. Okay. It's not like that. Okay. It's like, you know when you're in fifth grade and you think the sixth graders are super cool and then like you become an adult and meet one of those sixth graders and you're like, that person was, I don't know where this is going.


Oh. But we're the fifth. Do you wanna just talk about fifth grade? Yeah. I'm in, I don know entirely. Do you know what I mean? Like you, you're like, wow, that's person's so much cooler than me. And then like with TikTok and then you meet them later in life and you're like, why did I put that person on a pedestal? Everything was great here in fifth grade. Yeah. I don't, it's all normal. Well, because that's all, it's basically the social media trap, which is wanna be a part of things. Think we'd be doing a good job being part of things. Maybe stick your toe in and test that out. Yeah. I did that with TikTok. Yeah. And not for you. No. But you are more of a I have to be doing it. I was such a lurker on TikTok. Yes. I didn't do it.


I barely interacted at All. Yeah. It made me feel inadequate. Whereas with Instagram, I'm like, I can talk to the phone in front of my mirror and, and it's fine. It, I don't need filters. Right. I mean, I need filters, but I don't use filters. Oh, I thought you were gonna do a big take to camera just now. The way you spun around it was like, yes. Am I Right? She's doing a bit. I just suddenly year nine I start doing fucking, I don't need, I don't need filters. And then turn around and blow your nose into camera. Jesus Christ. What is this? Who knows. You know what it is? It's a true crime podcast. That's right. We have news, we have highlights from around the world. Is this where you should come?


Hey. Nope. The answer's no. Maybe. Should we do some synomics real Quick? Oh my God, Yes. Your face just lit up. Yes. Yes. So last week, because we asked you guys for ceramics For our ninth anniversary gift for Ninth anniversary gift. Yeah. We, we showcased some on the podcast. It was a huge hit. We have so many more. We're gonna do a video hopefully soon. But in the meantime, we wanted to just like do a couple more really quickly because apparently you guys freaking loved it. Yeah. Everyone's just thrilled. So Everyone loves it and it's, it's fun to be like, Hey, would anyone do this? And then Yeah. With this listenership, the responses we get are like the best. Hell yeah. And then some. Right. Watch This. Watch this. And like, we bought a fucking electric Lazy Susan.


We can't, guys can't go to waste. This is show business investment. Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen. And also, if you wanna see what we mean by an electric lazy Susan, you better get over to that YouTube page. Yeah, go to the exactly right. YouTube and check it out. Okay. I'll read it to you while you do it. Yeah. This is from an artist named Cassandra. Her IG handle, her Instagram handle is wester wald pottery. W-E-S-T-E-R-W-A-L-D. She and her husband run, that's The handle I was gonna use. Forget it. She and her husband run Westworld pottery, which her dad started in 1975. Whoa. Second generation pottery. I know. Her dad was a ceramics professor and pottery expert.


This is gonna be fucking good. And he passed away in 2022 after a battle with COVID. And she says, quote, I hope you enjoy the anniversary Crock and the mugs. I know my dad would be getting an absolute kick out of My favorite murder being stamped onto one of his pots. Oh, they have our names. Oh, This is real. That is fucking, this is ridiculous. The real deal. This stoneware is hand thrown, decorated and glazed at 2,250 degrees Fahrenheit glazes, lead free microwave and dishwasher safe. Oh. So it's these, it's a beautiful like crock, like a jug kind of a thing with this gorgeous like, what would you call that?


It's very vintage. This Floral design. Yes. Beautiful blue floral design. It's very vintage looking. If you've ever seen Pottery Cell on Antiques Road Show, it's one of these. But a big one usually. Yeah. Where they're like, this is been in the corner in my kitchen forever. Oh My God. And then the mugs have our names stamped into them with S-S-D-G-M. I'm sorry. 'cause you're supposed to put this on the shelf behind you. I'm taking this for No, That's yours for sure. That's yours. This is the most, this is my new mug. This is absolutely beautiful. Okay, Let's put it up. Let's, it's kind of like breathtakingly beautiful. It is. Cassandra, thank you so much. Great job. Weald Pottery. Weald pottery. It's Like so touching. It's like a family thing. I know. That's amazing.


Gorgeous. Yay. Okay. This one's small. Okay. I'll start reading this one. Okay. And you get ready to do the pull. Okay. We're, it's covered up with a cloth, with a silk cloth. And we're gonna rip it off. It's a little phallic shaped under that cloth, I guess. What part of the body this has been shaped after? It's a little Phallic Thrown after. The artist's name is Tina Kane, A KAT Potts Pottery Instagram handle at Teapots Pottery. And she teaches pottery classes at MCs. Clay Studios in Clearwater, Florida. Why don't you rip it as she says. Yeah. Hope you enjoy your ninth anniversary prize. It's a microphone. Oh no, It's beautiful. It's, wait, Is it a, Oh my God, it's a microphone.


Pot bong Pipe. Look. Oh My God. It's a, hold On. Oh my God. It says, hope you enjoy your ninth anniversary prize. It's one of my favorite pieces. Typed smiley face. Yes. I make all the standard mugs, bowls, et cetera too. It's a pipe shaped like a microphone. That's so like clever. That is brilliant. It's a microphone and it's a, and you can smoke pot out of it after you record the podcast. Or legal tobacco in your state whatever. Or family. That's amazing. That's hilarious. Amazing. Tina Kane, thank you so much.


Wow. Okay. Do you wanna read this one? Okay, I'll read this one. Okay. This is from an artist named Chris Shema Instagram handle Shima. S H IMA, Shima ceramics. Chris says, my company consists of myself and my assistant Jaron. And we almost exclusively listen to MFM in the studio. Ooh. And then it's, then let's do it. It says, I make sculptural mugs by hand. Meaning I sculpt an original by hand, make a plaster mold of it, and then cast slip mugs from it. Whoa. I hadn't looked up yet as a Homa, as an homage to MFM. I made these stay outta the forest skull mugs. Happy ninth anniversary. These gorgeous whoa Skulls. And they're glazed on the inside And they have stay outta the forest etched on the back.


It's like outside is skull bone feeling inside? Beautiful. Yes. Glazed Mug. Karen. I think all the big meetings you take from now and you need be casually sipping. Oh, is, and then I do a lot of, is that, so Is that So drinking outta the skull, Like all the people that we've fucking dealt with that you need to talk to out of a skull mug. I'll hold it in the eyes. Is that so? That's beautiful. Have you seen Martha's Stewart series? You could Cima Shima Ceramics. Incredible Work. Just incredible. Gorgeous. And And signed. Oh wow. Beautiful. They over the force. These are Beautiful. I mean, I can't get over the talent. I Can't either. Like It's real Professional. They're professionals.


It's they are. And they're giving things to us. 'cause we demand it that they do. We said, please. Beautiful. Amazing. I love those. I can't wait to do an actual, like a live stream that we were gonna do and show the rest of them. Oh Yeah. There's still time to send yours in you guys if you're like, shit, I didn't finish in time. Or If you got really mad because you're like, oh sure. The ceramics people get to do something. Right. But what about me over here with my hook rug abilities? You want a hook rug? I mean, I, I like lots of things. Okay, great. I like when people put their creativity and brains towards something. It's like a, it's like a hometown. It's like can be fucking anything you want at this point. It can like you, you decide. You choose.


Yeah. Okay. No rules. Beautiful. Thank you. Alejandra. Alejandra. Amazing job. Alright, Well before we get to the stories, should we do some highlights? Let's talk about our vaunted network with all of our wonderful podcasts on it. Especially the newest podcast that we have. Our brand new film podcast. Your movies. I love you. They just debuted here on the exactly right network. On the second episode is now out and on this one, Millie and Casey take on the trope of the manic pixie dream girl and discuss the 2004 hit film garden state. Wow. Yeah, I wanna know about that because like when I was younger I was like, I'm a manning pixie dream girl. And now that I'm older, I'm like, take your medication.


I mean, what choice did anyone have in the seriously the two thousands though? Seriously? It's a terrible, it's a terrible trope. It was a hilarious at the time trope. Because I remember being like in my twenties at that time, you were watching a lot of stuff. You had justified that you as a person who had at least been around the block like one and a half times Yeah. Are just like, this is full bullshit. Yes. What are you talking about? Or Like these character, these female characters that are made to service the male's storyline. Yeah. Or you know, in a darling adorable way that has no thought of its own whatsoever. And like you were saying before, like oftentimes those girls were not this wonderful force of nature. Right? They were people who needed medication and or that were just trying to live their life.


And some dude is like, right, I'm going to project everything I need. Yeah. Onto you. And now I'm mad at you for not being that person. Fucking 500 days a summer in a nutshell. Anyways, this is not a movie podcast. This is not that movie podcast or any movie podcast. It's not. And then This week on, that's messed up An SVU Podcast. Kara and Lisa cover an episode from season five entitled Manic. Hey Dun Don. Over on I said No G comedian, Reka, Shanker, disobeys Bridger with yet another unwanted present. Mm. Will it ever end? Poor Guy. And Nick Terry has done it again. Yeah. Ugh. With a brand new episode of MFM Animated. It's called Sleep German, which is inspired by mini. So three 20.


Head over to youtube.com/exactly right. Media, please subscribe while you're there to check it out. And remember, the dream man won't get you if we stick together. The dream man won't get you if we stick Together together. Head turned to the side. So creepy. Also, just a quick update So you guys know if you're listener, short time, long time. We like to take our MFM logo pin, which is just the classic MFM logo pin, obviously, that we sell in the merch store In black and white. And we dedicate like a a period of time to certain charities. The money from the sales of that pin will, will go to. So the last one was the National Abortion Fund.


We sold 192 pins with that one. So you guys raised almost $2,000 to donate to the National Abortion Fund, which is incredible. Amazing. So this year we are dedicating the money from the black and white MFM logo pin to World Central Kitchen. Of course, founded in 2010 by Chef Jose Andres. World Central Kitchen is the first to the front lines providing meals in response to humanitarian climate and community crises. Their relief team has been here in southern California supporting the first responders and the firemen and the families affected by the fires providing nourishing meals To donate or learn about other ways you can help World Central Kitchen. Go to their website, w ck.org.


We're really excited to support them. It's like, you know, such an incredible cause. Yeah. And then if you were just thinking of shopping around, you wanted to get a little pin for your lapel than the money that you spend goes to a really good and at this point, very, very worthy cause. Right When you're buying your, here's the thing, fuck everyone mug. Throw in a black and white pin. Get a pin going. Hey, Put it on your leather jacket.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to out less and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye.


Goodbye


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's A science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, epigene and melatonin themes already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Girlies like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A Nice hot drink. And you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer. Yet. For a limited time, Try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited Time. Go to shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/murder and Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Okay. This is what I'm excited to do. It's a big one. And it's really interesting. You know how when we go on tour, we'd go to a city and on stage before we tell a story, we would like be like Clearwater, Florida. What are you doing? Like admonish them because they have so many fucking murders to choose from. Oh Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well If we ever go to this place, we're going to admonish them. 'cause this takes place in Adelaide, Texas, Australia. Oh, Oh, Is there in Adelaide, Texas? I think so. Okay. Yeah, because Australia can go head to head with the US when it comes to terrifying murdered and disappeared children, unfortunately.


Oh, there's the Mr. Cruel abductions and murder that I covered in episode 1 24. Of course the Beaumont children, which I'll mention later. And then there's this one. This is a haunting 50-year-old unsolved case about two children in Australia who are abducted from a sports stadium. This is the story of the Adelaide Oval Abductions, which I hadn't heard of, but I think everyone in Australia knows about. I haven't heard of it either. Yeah. Can I ask, is this a cold case? Yeah, but there's a lot of suspects. Okay. Okay. And like a lot of other cold cases that like link them. Okay. Okay. I originally found this on the Crime Stoppers South Australia website.


The main source I use for the story is episode 1 63 of the Australian True Crime podcast that we all know and love. Case file, Case fi. First of all, did the case file host ever come forward and be like, it's me? Nope. Still anonymous As far as I know. That's so Australian and cool. So cool. Like I don't want all the accolades. And meanwhile we're like, put us in the magazine. I've never said those words. I've never said them either, but there we are. Times Square has seen us a few times and that's like not on us, you know? That's True. Well, it's a different thing. Yeah. Because case file is essentially as close to basically newspaper reporting. Yeah. As you can possibly Get. It's very serious.


Yeah, definitely. And the rest of the sources can be found in the show notes. So Adelaide is South Australia's capital. It's known by some to be a beautiful coastal cosmopolitan town with a small town feel. And it's also known by other people, including a lot of Marinos who emailed us about this case as the murder capital of Australia or the serial killer capital of Australia. Like, Hmm. Lots of dark shit has happened here. Yeah. So here we are. It's August 25th, 1973, and we're at a sports stadium called the Adelaide Oval for an Australian football match between the North Adelaide Roosters and the Norwood.


You wanna guess what they're called? Ale berries? No, that's not right. But the Norwood red legs would also have been hilarious but true. Oh, the red legs. Yeah. So we're not gonna get into it, but Australian football isn't also known as footy. It looks similar to rugby slash American football. There's just, who cares? It's not, this isn't Part of that. I care about Rugby. Okay, fine. Then the rules are different. It's played on an oval shaped field similar to a cricket field, which means nothing to me. It's a smaller stadium. It looks like a college football stadium. So like, you know, not massive scale down. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And it's the 1970s. So most of the space is standing room only.


So spectators arrive early and they don't give up their spots like you would at a parade. Like even if you go to the bathroom, you're gonna lose your spot. So they get there early and they stick where they're at. Yeah. There's also grandstands on the west side of the stadium where people can sit and that's where Less and Kathleen Ratcliffe are sitting with their two children. David, who's 13, and Joanne, who is 11 on that August day in 1973. Here we are. Yeah. The family are huge Red Legs fans and they come to nearly every game. There are a lot of regulars in the crowd. And the Ratcliffe soon connect with a woman named Rita Huckle, one of their friends who they see often at the games. And that day, Rita has brought her granddaughter along to this game.


She's a 4-year-old named Kirsty Gordon, and it's the first time she's ever brought her granddaughter to a game. So the game begins at two 10. And even though there's an age gap between Joanne, who's 11 and Kirsty, who's four, they immediately take a liking to each other. Remember when you were like a preteen and a little kid thought you were the coolest? Yeah. And it just made you feel so good and like, you know, like babysitting. Yeah. Then you got to be like the camp counselor. Yeah. And you're like, come over here and we'll have fun. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, to this day, if a little kid likes me, I feel like special. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So I think it was kind of that sort of thing. So they spend, like most of the game playing together, Australian football games are played in four quarters, and between the two halves there's a longer break.


And so Joanne, her parents totally trust her. She's a very mature 11-year-old and she's been to tons of games at the stadium before. So they let her go back and forth to the bathroom on her own, but only during the beginning of the quarters. Not during the halftime when there's the big rush. Yeah. Like they have a a sense of, you know, they're 11-year-old in a crowd and they're careful. Yes. So during the first quarter, Kirsty needs to go to the bathroom and the Ratcliffe and Kirsty's, grandma Rita, agree to let Joanne take her. The bathroom's about 300 feet away from their seats in a concourse area under the grandstand. They go to the bathroom, they come back, it all goes well, no big deal.


And they continue to play while their families watch the game. So then about 3 45 in the third quarter of the game, Kirsty needs to go to the bathroom again. And there's still plenty of time before the break to go between quarters. So the families, you know, let the two girls go. This time though, after 20 minutes, they're still not back yet. Joanne's father Les goes down to the concourse to look for the girls thinking they're probably playing somewhere between the seats and the bathroom, but he doesn't see them. He asks a woman to go in the ladies room to call for the girls. They're not in there. And about 12,000 people have come to the game that day. But also the stadium always opens the gates during the last quarter.


So people from the general public who don't have tickets can enter for free and just watch the end of the game. And because it's a close match, a lot of people show up that day. Hmm. And the beginning of the fourth quarter sees a huge, like, chaotic influx of people in and around the stadium. Like we went to that football game, soccer game in England. It's chaotic. It was insane. Yeah. Like being a little kid and they're just, yeah. So even though the girls haven't been missing for very long, they're both very responsible tr and trustworthy. So the adults are already alarmed and springing into action. And this is actually kind of rare for the 1970s. Right. Like completely, They'd Be like in trouble and angry at them or just not even know that they were gone for that long 20 minutes and they're worried.


Yeah. That's great. Yeah. For seventies numbers. Yeah. Usually it's like, oh, they must have gone to a neighbor's house. Like totally weird. It just was not in the consciousness at all. Right. So that's great. Yeah. So frantic, Kathleen, who is 11-year-old Joanne's mom, she goes to an office in the stadium and immediately is like, can you make an announcement for the girls to come back to their seat? And the administrator overseeing the match refuses saying the stadium has a policy against making mid-game announcements because it could disrupt the game. He recommends she talk to the police and sends her off. Although right back in his office hanging out with him is a police officer. He doesn't even bother.


So he sends her out to some other police and find instead of come in here. The police. Yeah. Like that's how flippant he was. Go back to your seat, I'm sure, I'm sure they'll show up. Yeah. Wait there. The Rat Cliffs and Grandma Rita spend the rest of the game looking for the girls. When the game ends at about 4 45, they return to the office and ask again that an announcement be made. This time the administrator makes the announcement. He says over the PA system, quote, Joanne Radcliffe in Adelaide Oval, come back to your mother and father end quote. Like, no details. Not only is this wording of the announcement super unhelpful at this point, everyone is leaving the stadium in mass. And so all the noise from that completely drowns out the announcement.


There's no emergency to it either. You know what I Mean? Right, right. Did You ever get an announcement called at the grocery store on you by your mom? Oh no, because my mom never let go of my neck at the grocery store. Literally as We, it could have been your hand As we entered. As we entered, she would go, what are we gonna get today? And her hand would very lightly go to my neck. Now was was that because I was such a wonderful, responsive and listening child? No, she had to hold me by my neck everywhere I went like, Oh my God, where are we gonna go? And then she would kind of very lightly direct me if we were gonna turn and go down this way about way. Brilliant. Brilliant. Yeah. You weren't her first rodeo. She was like, I know how this goes. I was, well, I was, you know, I was a real reflection of the times.


Sure. 75, what's Up? Yeah, that's right. The family searches the whole stadium and then they call the police. They the police are that 10 minutes after the game ends. But at that point, almost all the spectators and potential witnesses have Left. So frustrating. And so kind of like, it's just how all of these are. Yeah. We're knowing what we know today. Right. The, it's just like gigantic mistakes at the ear. Yeah. At the earliest time. Just all the missed opportunities to actually get ahead of this. Yeah. But the police do Thankfully take it seriously immediately. They set up roadblocks in the areas surrounding the stadium, you know, but everyone's pretty much left and they begin an extensive search for the girls. Meanwhile, Rita, the grandmother of Christie now has to call Kirsty's parents who are out of town along with their 2-year-old daughter Catherine, and say, like your daughter, your 4-year-old daughter's missing from me, taking her to the game.


Like how horrible. Horrible. So Kirsty's parents, Greg and Christine Gordon immediately head back to Adelaide, which is about a three hour drive all night. Searchers comb Adelaide and boats pass on the nearby river Torrance with search lights, and they turn up absolutely nothing. The next morning the search continues, police search, the riverbank divers search the river, and the river is even partially drained. Meanwhile, as he aids in the search for his daughter, Joanne's father, Les breaks down and passes out from grief. And no trace of the girls is found. The story becomes national news.


And Les Joanne's father, he's really big. And the whole family's like really big about getting the word out. Public statements. They're just like devastated, obviously. And like, don't ever give up. Yeah. And the story becomes national news. Descriptions of the girls are widely circulated throughout Australia. Police put out a call for information and that's when a horrible narrative begins to emerge. So a 13-year-old boy named Anthony Kilmartin had been working at the stadium on the day the girls were there. He was selling concessions in the crowd at the beginning of the third quarter. He saw what he sure was the girls come down the grandstand steps toward the ground level.


Anthony then went into the concourse under the grand grandstand and saw the girls again on their way to the bathroom. This time he thinks he saw them being followed by a man. Now why would he remember this? You know, ordinary moment. It's because of what happens next. He sees the man bend down and pick up 4-year-old Kirsty and then Joanne, 11-year-old. Joanne immediately reacts badly to this. He says, Joanne starts chasing the man grabbing at his coat and kicking him in the shins just fighting him. The man calls Joan a bitch and tells her to go away and they scuffle. And while he's still holding Kirsty, the man's glasses get knocked off.


And when he bends down to pick them up, he also grabs Joanne by the arm and pulls her along as well. They all exit through the stadiums southern gate with Joanne still trying to fight this man off. And Anthony, it's 1973, Anthony's 13 years old. He thinks he just saw a father trying to get his daughters to leave when they don't want to. Yeah. And this is one of the things we talk about all the time is like, don't mind your own business. Now we know. Don't mind your business. Go figure out what's going on. If you're wrong, then you apologize and walk away if you're not great. But as we just talked about in the, in like the last episode, talking about domestic violence and how that is, this kind of, for so long, especially back then, and it's really hard to understand now, but it was so dark ages back then growing up.


Yeah. That was back when other people's parents could hit you. Other people's parents could slap you in the face if you were Jesus. If you were at their house and they, you did something they didn't like. Yeah. It was so different. Yeah. And so to see a dad, you know, do kind of whatever as meanly or violently or crazily as they want, it wasn't this kind of like, it wasn't as shocking as it should have been. No. For kids at that time, you saw, saw a lot more. Well, the problem is adults saw them too later. I mean, that's what immediately infuriated me. Yeah. It's like a 13-year-old boy wouldn't know what to do. Right. What the fuck were those people around thinking for one second?


Yeah, I know. You feel so awkward, like butting into people's business, especially when there's an angry person in the mix. You know, not you Yeah. People in general, but like, you'll never regret doing something. You'll only regret not doing something. Right. It's, it's, yes, totally. I just, as a person who was raised by the ultimate, but in lady, I don't, I have empathy for people who are raised by people who are like, no, no, no, no, no. Because it's a very, very absolutely scary thing. Some people are scared to just be like, Hey, I'd like another diet Coke totally much Less. Or this isn't what I ordered. Yeah, Sir. Are you, do you know this girl? Right. Like it takes so much, especially for women to do it.


Yes. Where you're just like, oh, you're gonna take on a violent man. Totally. Or even question one. Yeah. It's just like the things, it's almost like get a buddy, get a con confrontation buddy. Yeah. Go. Or an employee that's there. Yeah. And go ask a question. That's so funny. I'm a but in person as well. Shot. You're not gonna be surprised. But Janet, my mom is a butt in person. Ah, Yes she Is. But I definitely have made Vince uncomfortable before by being a butt in person and like Sure. He, you know, that's not how you act. That's not what you do. Right, Right. But you never know. You never fucking know. Well, and also I think it's the people who do it, they do it for a reason. They've seen stuff.


Right. That's True. There are people who maybe aren't as inclined because it's easier for them to imagine everything's fine. Right. And I think I was raised by two people who know for a fact, nothing is fine a lot of the time. Yeah's. Like When you get told, don't get involved. It's like you're already involved. Yeah. So See it out to the end. I mean, Carry pepper spray everywhere you go, Just grab a confrontation friend. I really feel like idea, I just made that up, but it actually could Work. Can we have best friend necklaces that's say confrontation friend on it? You're my best confrontation friend. You don't have to say anything. Just stand behind me. Yeah, it's a lot. I just need Your backup. I, I need my, We need bodies here. You need to be my wing man for the confrontation.


Right. So this kid for the rest of his life, you know, has to live with knowingness. He witnessed. Yeah. He Was traumatized by what he witnessed, But he didn't know. Yeah. So he, yeah. So he believes, he had just seen a father whom he describes as a lanky man wearing glasses and a wide brimmed hat arguing with his two daughters who like maybe just didn't wanna leave the game early. And he just goes about his day. He forgets out the whole thing until he hears about the girl's disappearance. And once this kid, Anthony reports this to the police, Joanne's family confirms that this is exactly how their 11-year-old daughter would react. She is known to be protective of other kids. She once hit another kid with a wooden plank because he was bullying her brother.


And they're adamant that she wouldn't have left Kirsty behind if something bad was happening to her. You know? No way. It's just, ugh. Your heart goes out. It's Horrible and heartbreaking. Yeah. In addition, Kirsty's parents say that their little girl is exceptionally shy and would never willingly go off with some stranger, you know? So it all adds up that this is an abduction. So there's also this story, another witness, a man named Ken wooing is at the stadium, is the stadium's assistant curator. He says at the end of the third quarter, at about 4:00 PM he saw two girls. He believed to have been Joanne and Kirsty outside the stadium. There's this whole thing about like, there were these straight kittens and some kids were trying to coax out the kittens.


And there's this weird guy around them. The timelines don't totally add up. Like we think Anthony's story is a hundred percent true. This one, like if you piece it in time-wise, it makes sense, but only if it happened before what Anthony saw. Okay. So it's possible as well. Police put out a composite sketch of this man, and of course ask that he come forward So he can be eliminated. But nobody does. Police put out a call for tips. And more than 400 people come forward. And there's a lot more details in the case file episode about witnesses and possible sightings. But I'm not gonna go into all of them. There are some credible tips, including a few people who saw a man with a similar description with two little girls.


There's also a ransom call to the family that's believed to be a hoax and is never traced. A $5,000 reward is announced for information leading to the recovery of the girls in today's dollars. That would be worth about Australia. I don 5,000 Australian dollars in the seventies. Would it be like 50 grand, 28 grand? Oh. For two missing little girls who have been abduct abducted from a stadium, potentially the, the public is a little like, what the fuck? Yeah. That's really low over this. Right. So that's partly because of what I'm gonna tell you next. Mm. So there's this brazen daytime kidnapping in a very public place.


It's obviously terrifying for the public. Right. Which is why it's partly such a big deal. It's like, it's not, it's just so brazen. Right. You Know? But it's also alarming in the fact that it's not unfamiliar because there's a recent case in the area that still looms large in everyone's mind. And people wonder if there's a connection. About 10 years earlier on January 26th, 1966, three siblings had disappeared from a town celebration in a public park beach area in Glen El Australia, which is just outside of Adelaide. Very close. This is the Beaumont children. We never put out an episode about this case, but I, I'm sure one of us covered it when we were Australia touring.


And we definitely probably both read about it. Yes. In our choices of like, should we do this one? Definitely as we like did research. But I, it's a big one. I remember. Not ev not details obviously, but like, just remember the idea. Yeah. And it comes up a lot. It's come up recently because there's always new leads. Again, it's a cold case. So this happened about 10 years before the girls were kidnapped from the stadium. So the Beaumont children, it was Jane who was nine, Arna who was seven. And Grant Beaumont, who was four. They'd all gone to the beach on their own that day, the three of them, which is Australia Day. So there was a lot of people out celebrating and witnesses recall seeing three children in the company of a tall man with like light hair and a thin face.


Suntan medium build Asian his mid thirties. And that's a very similar description to the man from the stadium. The children were playing with him and appeared to be relaxed and enjoying themselves. Like maybe they knew him and were seen walking away together from the beach. No big deal. But they were never seen again. And their disappearance has never been solved. And people have always believed that these two cases are linked. And case file covers the Beaumont children in episode 100 of case file. Over the years, multiple men, a disturbing amount of whom have been convicted of other crimes against children in the area, and Australia in general, have emerged as possible suspects in this case.


And a lot are tied to the Beaumont abductions as well. There's a group of men known by the media as the family who are thought to be involved in a pedophile ring during the seventies and eighties who are responsible for the kidnapping and sexual abuse of a number of teenage boys and young men. This is a fucking disturbing case. Case file covers in episode 1 66. There's so many gruesome details I'm clearly not gonna get into. Only one of those men from the pedophile ring has ever been tried and convicted for these crimes, or even their name brought up in the media. This man named Bevin Spencer Vaughn Eum was sentenced in 1984 for the murder of a 15-year-old boy named Richard Kelvin, who had been abducted near his home in Adelaide.


This man is now considered a suspected serial killer, and his name comes up in connection with the Adelaide oval abductions, mostly because of the testimony against him by an anonymous informant. Hmm. And this anonymous informant was like part of this ring and still gave this information. Hmm. So it's not just like, I don't know, it seems more credible because of that. Well, right. Yeah. Yeah. And this anonymous informant says that Bevin Spencer von Eem once boasted to him that he had taken the children and dumped the bodies in bushland south of Adelaide. These allegations have never been sustained, but this dude is pure fucking evil. And it's a very disturbing case. Yeah.


In 1999, a man named Arthur Stanley Brown is charged in another awful cold case on the 26th of August, 1970, which is just three years before the abductions in the stadium. Sisters Judith, who was seven, and Susan McKay, who was five, disappeared from a suburb of Townsville, Queensland less than 10 minutes after leaving their home, and were later found murdered two days later. This man was not convicted because of a hung jury and was not given a new trial because he was in his nineties by the time he was charged. Remember it happened in 1970 and he wasn't arrested until 1999. So they considered him too senile to stand trial.


Hmm. Although some people think he was faking it. Now, this occurred in 1973 years before the abductions of Joanne and Kirsty. These locations aren't close. However, he bears a resemblance to the descriptions of the man in the wide room hat. And he's also considered a prime suspect for the Beaumont children disappearance. A witness from that day near the stadium identified him much later as the man, which is, you know, not very reliable, but he's a potential suspect. And then Joanne's little sister, Susie Wilkinson, she believes that it was a different third suspect. This is a man named Stanley Arthur Hart, and he's known as a pedophile.


He lives in the area. He's a devoted supporter of the North Adelaide Football Club, which was one of the two teams playing Adelaide Oval on the day of the abduction. So it's very likely he was there seven years before they were taken. He had been charged with six sex offenses against an 11-year-old girl in 2009. His own grandson gave a written confession saying that he and his grandfather were at Adelaide Oval on the days the girls disappeared. But he was three or four years old on the day of the game at the stadium. And when he wrote this confession in 2009, he was in prison for charges for crimes against children. Oh. And so, authorities initially dismissed these claims, but private investigators for the Gordon and Ratcliffe families take them very seriously.


This man, the grandfather died in 1999. And In the late two thousands, private investigators searched a property in a rural area about two hours north of Adelaide that belonged to the grandfather following a hand drawn map that this grandson had provided to them. Like he was adamant that this is, it was his grandfather. This map leads the investigators to an underground tunnel, which contains two steel barrels. They call the police in. The police returned to the site, they determine that the barrels had traces of blood in them. Some reports also claim that the investigators found a scrapbook with newspaper clippings about the abduction as well as children's clothing on the, like, it's just all this shit that you're like, test it, test it, test it.


It hasn't been tested fully. Right. It's just, it doesn't make any sense. Well, it's always those Things with a, it goes into like investigation and then Right. You don't hear about it. Un unless they solve it. That's exactly what it is. And then the other thing is that Anthony Kilmartin, the 13-year-old concession worker, he sees a photo of this man, the grandfather and the hat he used to wear, which they also find out his house. And he believes it's an exact match of the man he saw at the game that day. Hmm. Which seems a little more credible to me since Seems like it be burned into his memory. Ab Absolutely. This, you know what I mean? Yeah. Back in 1974, after the disappearance of the girls, both the Ratcliff and the Gordons welcome baby girls into their families.


So Joanne, her little sister Susie, who they never got to meet, she goes on to be one of the biggest champions for solving this case. And she still is. She continues to push for answers today. She's about 50 now, and she is the last living member of Joanne's immediate family. She is determined to see the case solved. The family moved outta Adelaide in the eighties and Susie says, quote to the very day we left, mom would leave the front light on in the hope one day Joe would come home. My niece now leaves her front light on. It's just something that's carried on through generations end quote. And Susie actually runs an organization called Leave a Light on. And they advocate for missing persons and their loved ones.


I know in a recent Women's Weekly article, Susie said that she thinks about her sister's bravery often. And she says, quote, people forget that she was only 11. She was given the responsibility of looking after Kirsty. And she stuck by that even if it meant sacrificing herself. Oh God. I know. Little Kirsty, 4-year-old Kirsty's parents. They've been generally less public over the years. But they do speak to the press occasionally. Christie's mom, Christine said in 2017, quote, what is closure? Do you need to have a body? Do you need to have a funeral? Do you need to bring her home to us? She is home because she's here with us.


End quote. And that is the heartbreaking story of the Adelaide oval abductions. Oh my God. I Know. But it could, I, I think it could be solved. It sounds like there's a lot of material there. Yeah. To be processed and tested and Yeah. And looked into Definitely. There's actually a GoFundMe being run by an investigative journalist to have those barrels tested more thoroughly. Wow. That you can go check out and Yeah. Police haven't, haven't thoroughly tested those barrels. It's just Wild. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Sorry for another cold case, but Well, hopefully they're just getting put on a pile of things to be taken care of.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. And also, I think, I think you're right in the way that this, it is really important to talk about them. 'cause there is action that could possibly be taken that needs to still be taken. Definitely. Yeah. I mean, they're just, cold cases are just the stories we tell that haven't gotten their answer yet. It's not that that's it, it's the end of the story. It's an unsolved mystery. Like it's just still waiting for the last Puzzler piece. And so maybe when we tell these stories, people will pay more attention and it can happen. Yeah. I'm purely speaking for my own frustration. Yeah. And difficulty of of, but you're right. That's, that's the important piece. I mean, I wonder why we have such differing opinions about them.


Like I won't, I won't even start The Puzzler 'cause I don't care about finishing it. Ugh. You have to finish The Puzzler. What is wrong? I'd rather think about The Puzzler, Puzzler over The Puzzler and then watch tv. I don't care. It's Be, but I think I've explained the piece of the puzzling that works. That is what I'm in it for, which is you stare at something long enough and after a while it's like your brain goes, put your hand here and take this and put it here, and suddenly you don't know why. You knew that this was the piece that went there. And if you do that, I find that if I do that long enough, it's this weird, like suddenly the, the momentum of of it's just building suddenly starts to go and then it's putting itself together.


That's what feels Like to me. That's why I wanna tell the cold case stories. It's 'cause like, I'm like, Karen, my friend, you're interested in this too. Like, let's Put these pieces together. Yes. Let's like, you know, make our eyes all soft and Yes. See where the last piece goes. We could do this. Yeah. You know, I don't know. Just to me It's, that's what you're saying to all the people listening your eyes. Put the pieces together. Yeah.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma, agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, epigenic, and melatonin Beams already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Girlies, like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A nice hot drink and you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer. Yet. For a limited time, try Their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off. For a limited time. Go To shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's Shop BE m.com/murder. And Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Contrary to popular belief, since the birth of man women have also existed And yet it's so hard to find bras and shapewear that don't feel like a punishment. Enter Honey love. Honey Love is an independent female founded brand specializing in brass, shapewear, and intimates designed for real women's bodies. Because all honey love products are intelligently designed by women who actually wear them. They recently launched the cross flex bra, which is designed to support you all day from your workday to your workout. Honey Love Brass are supportive and wire free thanks to bonding technology that lifts without underwire. You deserve a bra that's lightweight and comfortable without sacrificing support. A great bra is the foundation of any great outfit. Start every outfit with honey, love and elevate your style. Treat yourself to the best brows and shapewear on the market. Save 20% off honey. love@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use our exclusive link to get 20% off honey love.com/mfm to find your perfect fit. After you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please show support for the show and tell them we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style with honey. Love. Goodbye.


I'll accept that. Thank you. And I will take that. And with that acceptance, I will turn this car around, please, God. But it's not any less sad or difficult, but there's a little, a little shiny light in it. Okay. And it begins on the morning of January 12th, 1888. What? Here in America. Okay. In a sparsely populated part of central Nebraska. Okay. Near the small town of Ord. Do you know what else happened in 1888? Something I should know. Lincoln Civil War. Was it Civil War? What is it?


Just Like I, first of all, I will never test you on history. Will never test you on history. Should I know this? Well, not, I mean, not particularly, but it's the year the Jack the Ripper killings happen. That's What I, yep. There we go. All eights. When did Lincoln get shot? That's none of our business. We were failed by the American school system and therefore we don't have to look back. Right. It's not my fucking problem. Okay. So on this winter, mourn a 19-year-old teacher. 19-year-old teacher. No. Named Minnie Freeman is walking to her tiny schoolhouse where she teaches 13 of the local homestead's children, ranging in from in ages from six to 15.


Okay. The school house is a one room sod house, and a So house was a thing they used to do out on the prairie because, you know, they didn't have any supplies and they just kind of had to do their best. So that means that a so house, usually definitely the roof and sometimes even the walls are constructed from packed dirt and prairie grass. Yeah. Are you watching that show, that new show with Betty Gilpin? I did watch it, but so the show is American Primeval And it's based on, I think based on the Mountain Meadows massacre That you covered, which I believe I covered, You definitely covered. No, no. You covered that on an episode. Right? I remember it on a not live episode.


Not live. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So here we are. So here we are. But it basically, is that where it's people living on the open, Perry Settlers homesteaders making what they can. So like there was some of the, I saw picture Alejandra and Marin found a picture of one of these sod houses, and the one I saw, it was like the walls were made of like piled up rocks. Yeah. And then the windows were kind of built into the rock, the holes where they left. And then the roof was sawed and flat. But then there's also the ones where they build them. This is very Laura Engel's Wilder, where they build them kind of into the ground so that they're like protected. There's all, there's all kinds of ways they were trying to do that stuff.


But what we're saying is there was no like western Yeah. Wor horse town or anything like that. It was like there are no supplies here. Yeah. Situation. So the sod house is a common structure found on the frontier that settlers can quickly build to live or work in without basically the luxury of their usual building supplies like, oh, I don't know, wood and nails. So mini sod schoolhouse has a stove in it. Not, we're not sure if it's wood burning or coal burning, but it was like what? Like a central stove. It has a couple windows and it has one door and that's it. Okay. So it's not fancy, but of course it completely serves its purpose as a classroom.


And while it's probably drafty, it's of course better than any alternative. Yeah. Which is learning outside. And of course the warmth is especially important in the winter of 1888, because this one is actually a brutal one. We are at the tail end of what's called the Little ice Age. Hmm. Where one of several years long periods where the entire earth is colder than average. And then that leads to more intense winters across much of the us. Interesting. Yeah. So even though it did snow a few inches the night before the weather on this day, January 12th, 1888 is very mild.


So by the time Minnie's walking to school that day, it's gone from snowing the night before to climbed all the way up into the forties. Hmm. So that's much, much warmer than a typical mid-January day in the 1880s. Okay. For our friends everywhere besides the us this is all Fahrenheit. And I do apologize 'cause the impact of the weather I'm gonna be announcing right now is gonna, there's gonna be a math delay for you. Yeah. So, so it's this like kind of kind of unseasonably warm weather. That's probably why no one realizes a cold front is about to hit and leave an unsuspecting population in the wake of one of the deadliest winter storms in recorded history.


This is the story of the devastating schoolhouse blizzard of 1888, also known as the Children's Blizzard. Oh shit. Yeah. It's never good when they name it after Children. No, no. So the main sources used that Marin used in the research today are the Children's Blizzard, which is a book by author David Laskin. And that book is heavily cited, also an episode of the Radiotopia podcast this day in esoteric political history. And it, the episode is called The Children's Blizzard, and then of course, multiple articles from the Omaha Evening Bee newspaper from 1888. Wow. Maren goes all the way back and the rest of the sources are in our show notes.


So here's a little scene setting to start this off, talking about weather back then. Of course, as human beings, we've been tracking weather since basically we understood what was going on around us. We love it. It's our hobby. We love it. Fun to talk about. By the end of the 19th century when the story takes place, scientists are doing what's of course, compared to today. Pretty basic meteorology. The United States has an organized weather service that's been around since 1870. It falls under the purview of the US Army because of the Army's reputation for being meticulous and disciplined. So basically weather forecasting works this way back then.


Hmm. Mondays through Saturdays at military bases and outposts across the country. US Army Signal Corps officials collect weather data temperatures, air pressure, wind speed, et cetera. And then they send it via telegraph to forecasters at a central office in Washington dc. Those forecasters in DC analyze that data. They make predictions, they send the information back to the signal core, and then those forecasts are printed in newspapers. You lost me at, here's how it Works, here's how it works. The weather goes out. So obviously the Telegraph makes all of that. Sure. Like fast and possible at the time.


But compared to today, this is like one of the slowest ways to get any kind of news or information. I Don't know though. Dallas reigns, it's gonna rain tomorrow and it fucking never does. Or it does and doesn't, a Lot of this, it's fun to gesture. Dallas will call you out. We all love a green screen and yeah. Full props to Dallas Reigns always and forever still working, I believe. Still doing it. I think so. Legendary. If you're from somewhere else and you have never heard of the legendary Los Angeles weatherman, Dallas Rains, Get with It. Get on board. He's one of the greats. I used to, in my studio apartment when things were very dark, I would get nice and high and watch the 11 o'clock news.


And I was always positive. Dallas Rains was high along with me because the stuff he would say, I'd be like, this is hilarious. I'd be like, get you Dallas. Like why is this weatherman like saying this weird shit and making me laugh so hard? Probably. Okay. So all this in mind, January 12th, 1888, in this same mild morning where Minnie Freeman is heading off to work, army forecasters in DC are sending out reports via telegraph warning of impending severe weather across several states, including Nebraska, of course, which is where Min is, Minnesota, Iowa, and what's then known as the Dakota Territory. Okay. Because this is still before radio in America, the way important news is communicated when it can't wait for the next day's newspaper is Frontier Settlements hoist a flag to alert residents of emergency weather situations.


Uhoh problem is that homesteaders out in a place like central Nebraska. Yeah. Live nowhere near each other or a central community. Sure. So if people aren't nearby when those emergency flags are hoisted, right. They just don't know. And it's all kind of word of mouth. Yeah. So Minnie and her students experienced this abrupt and shocking weather change around three o'clock. Right. Basically when the school day is ending. So the temperature on what was a warm like morning and into the afternoon, suddenly plummets almost 70 degrees.


Holy shit. And goes from the forties to minus 20 below zero. No. Yes. That's not fair. And then of course the sky opens up ice and hail begin to pelt the sod schoolhouse and hurricane level winds kick up, dude. So now basically it's a strong wind that just keeps on building, and then ice and hail and last night's snowfall all start getting blown around. They're all in the pit moshing together. That's right. All together nasty trio. So suddenly across a huge swath of the Midwest, countless people are caught in extreme weather.


A school boy named HG Purcell, who lives in the Dakota territory. Now South Dakota describes the situation like this. We were all out playing in our shirt sleeves without hats or mittens. Suddenly we looked up and saw something come rolling toward us with great fury from the northwest and making a loud noise. I never thought about that part of it. Yeah. The storm rolls in and is like, it rolls in loud. Totally. It looked like a long string of big bales of cotton that looked to be about 25 feet high. The phenomenon was so unusual that it scared us children. And several of us ran into the schoolhouse and screamed to the teacher to come out quickly and see what was happening.


End quote. So it's hard to overstate the shock people experience on this beautiful morning that basically it lured people outside many to go run errands on foot or tend to their land. Or in the case of children walk to school without their warmest winter coats. Right. Some without shoes. Oh dear. Or at least some in just in basically off season. Yeah. Shirts and sleeves, whatever. Yeah. So then now they're out of nowhere caught in. Whether they're completely unprepared for authored David Laskin reports, quote, even in a region known for abrupt and radical meteorological change, the blizzard of 1888 was unprecedented in its violence and suddenness.


One moment it was mild, the sun was shining. The next moment frozen hill had broken loose. Mm. So it's the end of the school day, as I said, when the weather suddenly turns So young Minnie, who's the sole adult in charge 19, 19 years old, she does not think going outside is a sensible option at this point. Hurricane forest wind gusts are now pummeling the tiny schoolhouse, and they blast the door right off its hinges as the younger students go and huddle around the Woodburn stove to keep warm mini and a couple of the older students try to prop the door back up. It almo almost immediately blows back down.


So Minnie goes, finds some nails, and she nails the door shut. Okay. So for the time being that's held in place, but now Minnie has to plan her next steps. She and the students all live at least a quarter of a mile from the schoolhouse. So she's trying to figure out is it less risky to dismiss the children and hope that they make it back home, or keep them inside to wait out the storm in a schoolhouse that isn't exactly structurally sound. Yeah. Has a dwindling amount of fuel for the fire and basically doesn't have any food. No. It feels like the place is just gonna melt around them. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So teachers across the Midwest go through the same horrible dilemma because like many, they teach in shoddy buildings or Saudi buildings that are of course not equipped handle weather this extreme.


And many teachers believed that the better option that day was to dismiss their students and send them home in the storm. Yeah. Minnie decides, no, she's gonna hunker down and ride the storm out with her kids in the schoolhouse, but she's just praying this, the schoolhouse can make it. And as she's doing that, a gust of wind picks up the roof of the schoolhouse and blows it away. Shit. So now as the snow and hail and ice are pouring into the schoolhouse, Minnie has to make a new plan fast with the front door. The only door nailed shut. She starts wrangling her students and throwing them out the window to get out.


What? So there was a legend that Minnie tied all the kids together with twine, but that detail has actually been disputed by at least one of her actual students who went through it that day. Great visual for like the legend of the story. Yeah. And actually very needed once, and I'm sure it probably came up later once people heard the stories of what happened to the kids that did go home Right. By themselves or even in groups. So Minnie's plan now is to walk her students to her house, which is about a half a mile away. It doesn't sound that far, but in the middle of a blizzard it would have been painfully long. Yeah. And they're white out conditions, so it's hard for them to see any more than like a foot or so in front of them.


If any child takes even just a few steps away from the group, they could be blinded by the snow. Yeah. Turned around and then just lost Jesus. On top of that, the snowflakes in this storm are extremely fine and icy. So as they land on the children's faces, they're just freezing their eyelids shut. Oh man. And minis. Minis as well. Also, the sheer amount of these flakes in the air causes the snow to get stuck in their throats. It makes it hard to breathe. Survivors liken it to breathing in large amounts of flour or sand. And David Laskin notes that experts have compared it to quote the smoke and ash rolling through the canyons of lower Manhattan after the towers of the World Trade Center collapsed on September 11th.


Wow. I never thought about that. Like the snow. You couldn't inhale it. Yeah. I never thought about that. Right. Like completely blind you, but then also like seals your eyes shut with ice like you're just going against, But you can't take a deep breath without the snow coming into your mouth. Right. And now it's Jesus. They also make their way through shirt, colors, pants, waistbands, even shoes. So the children are drenched, freezing. Yeah. Constantly slipping and falling as they walk. The wind is battering them. It's actually painful. And Minnie will later say, quote, I've never felt such a wind. It blew the snow so hard that the flakes stung your face like arrows.


All you could see ahead of you was a blinding blowing sheet of snow. Dude. So there are several well-known and very tragic stories that came out of this storm. For example, across the state in Seward, Nebraska, an 11-year-old girl named Lena Becki is dismissed from school. And as she walks home in this storm, she becomes disoriented. She will wake up hours later, still outside, frozen to the ground. But Lena Heroically musters the strength. She breaks herself free and she manages to crawl back to her own house even though she can't feel her legs. What the Fuck?


And in the end, Lena survives. She just loses one of her feet to frostbite. Wow. She saves herself. Yeah. She's frozen to the ground. That's insane. And she like wakes up, still alive Up a miracles like we're doing this, we're getting home. Yeah. Girl. Up in Holt County, Nebraska, there's a 19-year-old teacher named Ed Shaik. She gets caught in the storm while heading home after picking up her paycheck. As the temperature nose dives, she becomes snow blind. She seeks refuge in a haystack, and she's forced to shelter there for 78 hours. No, before finally being found. Oh my God.


No food. No water. Just hoping, like hoping to live in a haystack. That's Too long. So she lives then, but then once she's discovered she has to go into surgery because she develops frostbite on her feet and she actually dies due to complications from the surgery. Mm. But survives like that time up in the northeast corner of the state in Plainview, Nebraska, another young school teacher named Lois Royce gets stranded on the open prairie. She's just run outta fuel at her schoolhouse. So she attempts to make it to the nearest home, which is only 200 yards away with three students all under the age of 10.


But because of the whiteout conditions, Lois and the children can't see where they're going. So they end up walking past the house and then they just keep walking. No. And the children, of course are freezing. None of them can go any further. So they just stop in the open prairie mid blizzard. And they're just kind of stranded just in not knowing where they are, speaking generally about the children who get stuck outside that day. David Laskin notes quote, it's hard to fathom how children who walk to and from school a half a mile or more every day became exhausted to the point of a collapse while walking a hundred yards that afternoon. Yeah.


Hard to fathom until you consider the state of their thin cotton clothing, their eyelashes webbed with ice and frozen shut, the ice plugs that formed inside their noses, the ice masks that hung on their faces. Lois does everything she can to keep her students warm, using just her body and her cloak. But the children die as they're pressed against her. Oh. And somehow she survives, but she has to have her feet amputated because of frostbite. Oh my God. So all of these tragic stories are from Nebraska, which is especially affected by this blizzard. But the storm touches much of the United States. According to the Minnesota Post newspaper quote, though upper Midwesterners lost the most, the blizzard was truly a nationwide phenomenon.


Ice skating was reported in San Francisco on January 14th, which is Ladies and gentlemen. Unheard of. Yeah. Along with frozen water mains in Los Angeles. Wow. Fort Elliot, Texas registered a seven below zero temperature on the 14th, and for the first time in anyone's memory, parts of the Colorado River in Texas froze over. Damn. So it was extreme and insane. So back in central Nebraska, Minnie and her students are still out trying to find their way through this blizzard, trying to make it to any kind of shelter and Minnie's doing everything she can to keep her students moving forward.


Elements of her story are spotty, summer disputed. For example, we don't know exactly how long her trek lasted, or how long she and the students hunkered down before the children were reunited with their parents. Even their destination is a bit unclear. Some sources say the group successfully made it to Mini's house, which was the initial plan. But according to an article that ran in the Omaha evening B, just days later, they say that they instead ended up at one of mini's students' homes, which is a bit closer to the schoolhouse than Minnie's was. Either way they made it. Wow. It's the important thing. It's like the idea that a Minnie makes this plan where she's like, fine, we'll just go to my house. And then like somewhere along the way, I bet you some kids like, Hey, there's my house.


Jesus. That's how I like too. That's how I'll write it. Totally. But after several hours, once the blizzard finally subsides Minnie and the children see the full extent of what has happened around them, not only has the storm destroyed buildings and created massive barn sized snow banks. Oh my God. But it's also claimed many lives for the parents of mini's 13 children learning that their kids made. It would feel like nothing short of a miracle. One that Minnie herself is solely responsible for the Omaha. Evening B describes the scene as one of the students as reunited with their parents reporting. If the eyes of a loving mother filled with tears as she pressed her little one to her heart, they were not dried.


When she gave the brave young teacher Minnie Freedman and embrace in which was embodied all the love and gratitude within a mother's heart. It is safe to say that the subsequent reception of Ms. Freeman in all the homes whose little ones she had rescued perhaps from death, was equally as warm. Wow. So the extent of chaos, death, and disruption associated with this blizzard is huge across the Midwest. Trains are stopped in their tracks. Farmers lose the entirety of their crops and their livestock freezes to death. But then of course, there's the loss of human life. Experts say, we'll never know the true death count because the the population wasn't known as well.


Right. David Laskin estimates that they were between 250 and 500 victims of this snowstorm. Wow. Many of them being children who were either at school, hunkering down, or trying to head home after being dismissed. Yeah. Because of this, the snow storm is eventually nicknamed the Schoolhouse blizzard or the children's blizzard. More people will die in the days and weeks following the storm from things like pneumonia or frostbite or gangrene from frostbite. As the word of this terrible event spreads beyond the region, an overwhelming sense of grief is felt by the entire country. And that's when this feel good story of the 19-year-old teacher in Nebraska who saved her entire class, starts getting attention.


The Omaha evening B first reports on Minnie Freeman saying, quote, those who have braved the terrors of of a Nebraska blizzard need not be told that it required courage to enable a young girl to breast those theories. Having in her keeping the lives of 13 little ones and the happiness of 13 homes. Shit. Damn. Those who felt and suffered from the effects of Thursday storm need not be told that the act of that young girl was one from which strong men themselves might quail. Yeah. Me, me. Love you, Minnie. Soon more papers start to circulate Minnie story. Virtually overnight. 19-year-old Minnie Freeman becomes a much needed hero.


She's lionized, she's celebrated, she's nicknamed Nebraska's fearless maid. Ooh. And then over in Chicago, a music publishing company debuts a song about Minnie called Quote 13. Were Saved. Oh. And it goes a little something like this. Take It. Oh one and a two. Hell no. 13. We saved. 13. We saved 13. You always just do it. Hello. And Baby. The New York Times reports that she, that Minnie receives letters and gifts and more. The Omaha evening Bee actually describes her this way. They say, quote, Minnie Freeman is above medium height, dark hair, gray eyes, and a remarkably pretty girl.


She's said to be an excellent musician and a possessor of a charming voice, it's believed that Minnie receives nearly 200 marriage proposals. Damn. From Strangers After this story. Get it, girl. Right. They're like, she's brave. She's pretty. Yeah. Come work on my farm, essentially. Come have lots of children. Yep. Bear my children and do all that for me. Yeah. Meanwhile, over in dc, government officials are trying to figure out how to make sure that no American is ever caught off guard by such a huge storm. Again, this only gets more urgent when just months later, in March of 1888, another historic blizzard hits the Northeastern United States and Canada.


It had strengthened after working hours on a Saturday, which at the time Army forecasters didn't work on Sundays. So no one knew this storm was coming. It became the great blizzard of 1888 with parts of the Northeast seeing nearly 60 inches of snowfall and 50 foot tall Snowdrifts six. Oh my God. Five story building. Snow drifts, Uhuh. This storm claims around 400 lives, including 200 deaths in New York City alone. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. On the heels of these two blizzards, the federal government decides to restructure the Weather Bureau in 1891. It's moved from the Army's purview over to the Department of Agriculture, which has the reputation of being much more science minded, smart.


And they begin tracking weather across the country 24 7. Today the agency overseeing weather is the National Weather Service, which lives under the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. They still track the weather around the clock, and fortunately have the means to spread alerts and advisories to warn us about extreme weather events. What's the look on your face? They gonna shut that one down too. They gonna Shut that one. They're gonna shut That. Or who are they gonna put in charge of that one, you suppose? Fucking Cruella Deville. Like, let's, can we please have a government? Could competency be the name of the game? Why are we politicizing weather? These departments are important for this country.


Necessary even. And the idea that people running them should have experience. Ooh. Knowledge. A clear criminal record, A background in that Basic step have run, have been chosen by the people. No, you're asking too many. You're asking for too much, Karen. You're Right. Let me just conclude here. As for many Freeman, she stays active in her community for the rest of her life. First in Nebraska. Later when she moves with her husband to Illinois, she becomes active there. The New York Times notes quote, she was a political and social activist in Nebraska and Chicago at a time when female public figures were few and far between.


Get It, girl Minnie Freeman becomes the first female member of the Republican National Committee to represent Nebraska. Hmm. She's part of a group that creates its state seal. She's even appointed as a delicate to different political conferences by two Nebraska governors. Wow. When asked about her heroic adventure during the schoolhouse blizzard in 1888, which earned her so much fame at the time, she matter of factly, tells the Omaha Evening Bee that quote, I feel that too much has already been said of an act of simple duty notoriety. I do not desire. End quote. Humble too. It's like case file style. Minnie Freeman passes away in 1943 when she's in her early seventies.


Wow. And that is the story of Minnie Freeman and the schoolhouse blizzard of 1888 and the survival of her 13 students that day. Wow. Wow. They made it. Wow. Wow. Good job. Thank you. Thanks. Too many free men and all of the teachers of America. Yes. Thank you for your service Of your, what you believe to be a simple act of duty. Right. But oftentimes, and especially in 2025, America is much, much more. Yeah. We all know That. And so overlooked. But we appreciate you. We Do. We do over here. Hi. Hell yeah. Tell your sister-in-law and your fucking mom that we appreciate you Here.


Call My sister and tell her 'cause she doesn't listen. Oh Yeah. That I appreciate her. Carol Craft. Do you mind calling Laura and telling her she's getting a shout out. Thank you for being a teacher, Laura. Thank you. All right. We did it. I guess we did. What do you think? I love what we did. Yeah. We really did it. And I love what our, all of our listeners did. Yeah. Today. Yeah. Thank you for last week, last ceramics. We love it forever. Thank you for listening and being a part of this, this craziness. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production.


Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana sce. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow The show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This is Rob Parker from The Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus, the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


So when we last left, you the facts. Were heating up. This is my favorite part. Are we going to break the case? No. We're planning our next all inclusive beach vacation@cheapcaribbean.com. Actually, this is my favorite part. At cheap caribbean.com get more sand for your dollar with their beach favorite sale score $175. Instant savings on bookings of four nights or more to the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Aruba, and The Bahamas. I've got my passport right here. Offer ends April 1st. Visit cheap caribbean.com.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.