
This is exactly


right. This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today. Visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


This message comes from. Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Wanna Pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where Designer shoe warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers, obsessed with the shear trend. Try it with mesh flats, peeling boho comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.


Hello, And Welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia HeartStart. That's Karen Kilgar. We're your sincere podcasting friends. Hey. Hi. Hey. Happy Valentine's Day. It's pretty much Valentine's Day. I mean, in your world it probably is. It probably is. What are you doing for Valentine's Day, everyone? Hey. What do you like about Valentine's Day? Not making reservations for restaurants that are packed that you don't wanna go to anyway. And everyone's miserable. Including, especially the servers. The servers, the couples, the singles. Everybody loses on Valentine's Day. Stay home. Stay home. Nothing's ever good enough.


So Cool. When's the last great Valentine's Day that you've ever had? Great. What do we mean by great? Well, Maybe like an early peak one. You don't have to include like adult relationships, but kind of like, I honestly don't think I remember a single Valentine's Day. Yeah, there was a KFC on once, but it wasn't Vince, so who gives a shit? Right. You know, that was more just like somebody that thought of a good, bad gift. Yeah. What about you? Well, yeah. No, no, no. Great ones. I'm sure there was people that made nice efforts along the way. Sure. I was really hoping you had a story about, and then someone was like, come down to the ravine with me and whatever, And they murdered me.


No Ravine. It's like the least romantic well Spot. We just had a ravine behind our high school. Oh, okay. Yeah. You know? Yeah. People would go down there and get high and have important discussions. Oh Yeah, we did that. We had like a wash like the LA River kind of a thing. Gone. Right. Which just still isn't romantic, unfortunately. Do You think that maybe all teens have that kind of heartbreak and disappointment? 'cause they think that's what's supposed to happen and it kind of is never really happening for most of them. Valentine's Day or ravines, Like Valentine's Day victories. Oh Yeah. Ravines are definitely happening for teens. I feel like until you're 29, you have high hopes every year for Valentine's Day. Yeah. You know, and then you just are like, it's not gonna, it's not gonna happen.


The idea that like you're, you are going to get a bouquet of roses from your secret admirer at your doorstep is I think the thing that is, yeah. Has kept this country alive. Up until this year. I met a dude on Valentine's Day and I do think our relationship lasted longer than it needed to because of that. Like, somehow it was like kismet and like somehow it was like meant to be. Because we met on Valentine's Day, however we had met on like February 16th. I would've been like a year in, I would've been like, nah, nah, this isn't working. That's Fine. Just a late winter Yeah. Relationship Instead. It was three years in. That didn't need to happen. I have to, you know, you know who you are And you me still need to apologize.


Well, here we are. Whoops. Is this celebrating or are we doing something to, we have something to celebrate. What? Oh Yeah, we do. Like what? What do we do? Oh Yeah. We have a little announcement to make. Speaking of hearts. Hey. And relationships. And Relationships. Oh my God. We wanna give you guys some exciting news. On February 5th, we announced our new partnership with iHeartRadio. It came out in the public. Yay. Yes. We are so excited to begin this partnership with them. This podcast journey. That means, yes, we will be at the iHeartRadio Awards this year, and yes, we will both be doing musical numbers individually. Did I Sign something? I don't think I, Yeah. Yeah. That's all in the contract. Oh shit, dude.


Full singing career starting for you right now. Ariano. Gne. It's Time. I wanna be on the wicked part two. You will. Okay. Well that's all I Care about. It's also in the contract. Alright, Great. Yeah. Yeah. So new, new beginnings, exciting, Positive relationship vibes. Yeah. We're all about as adults. Yeah. This, this little company that could exactly write media of ours. You know, we're just, we're doing it and we're trying it and we're pushing it and we're following through As one should in relationships as You should. But you know, it's still the little engine that could, as far as you know, podcast networks go. And we hope that in the next year or two we get to bring you guys some really fucking awesome new podcasts.


That's always the name of the game. New exciting ones that we like freak out when we hear pitch to us. And so that's the whole point of this. There really Are some exciting new podcasts that are coming out. So yeah, it's great Now that we have our feet on solid ground and we have our ad distribution all sorted out and we can just do business as huge. That's right. Now here's something else we need to talk about in terms of love. Okay. People who love us sent us, because we demanded it ceramic gifts for our ninth anniversary. Yeah. And we have gotten so many that twice we have featured these ceramics on this show. Yeah. Now so many that we think we might have to split off and do a separate video featuring just ceramics.


I think so. That's how many we've gotten. Yeah. But you guys like these ceramics too. So we just wanted to really quick read some comments from the internet with you guys looking at these ceramics that we've posted, because Those were lovely too. They all gave me a dopamine hit looking at all the beautiful presents we got. And these also so many like gave the same thing. So Yes. So here's one from Deanna M who says, while listening to Georgia and Karen unveiling and describing all the ceramic art, I just imagine the respective artists listening beaming with pride and probably shedding a few tears at K and G's excitement. We lift each other up. Heart emoji. Aw. Isn't that sweet?


That's So lovely. Yep. Well, Alex Whitney on Instagram said that, I thought this was the craziest merch drop for a second. Which someone said, I someone Which music? A TT said, need the microphone pipe. Oh my God. And like how great would that be if that was our new merch is just a line of pipes That we go into manufacturing ceramic, very large ceramic microphone shaped pipes. Why not? Yeah. I mean, we are not busy. No. Next stage of our careers. Come on everybody. A strain of murder. No weed would be great too. That's right. People were freak really freaking out over the precious moments. Figurine. Yes. And the PO log said, I came all caps running over to IG to see the ceramics.


And they did not disappoint what talented listeners. No. And then Korte gal wrote, please, I want the crock, the historical crock. We're using these mugs now. They're like part of, they're part of it now. This is just like every mug that I saw every mom drink coffee out of in the Seventies. You can smell the cigarette smoke that is comes with them. You can go to Instagram and check out all of the beautiful ceramics that have come and then stay tuned in the future for more of that stuff. Because we have to. We have to. There's so much We we simply must. We simply must. Now because it's a holiday and we are celebrating, the one way we really like to celebrate is by eating on Mike. And so we decided that once again, we're gonna try some of the weird Valentine's snacks that the, I don't know, the confectionary world decides to put out every year for Valentine's Day.


Insists on putting out weird. 'cause it can't just be good. No, it has to be weird. And I'm just reading the three that we have listed here. And I'm terrified. Yes. And I don't like, I don like the words that are going together and I don't like the feeling of my mouth already, but Oh, you're gonna have to eat five of each. Let's try it. Sorry. Then you Okay, let's do it. Alejandra, bring it in. Thank you. Oh my God. That's so cute. Thank you. Okay. The one I'm most scared of are these ones, the crabby patty gummies? Does that? It's just candy. It's not, isn't the crabby patty crab? No. Okay. It's just gummies. Yeah. Okay. That's fine. I can handle, it's like a little hamburger gummy thing, which I always thought was cute.


I always was sad that like hamburger gummies and pizza gummies that just look like that. You know, those like didn't take off until I was older. Yeah. Like just a little too old to like buy them for myself. And so I feel like I missed out a little bit, but here they are. Hey, 9-year-old Georgia. Get in here Hungry. Tastes a little bit like lipstick. You can't eat it like a traditional hamburger. Why not? I Did. Well, Tony, 'cause so many people from our staff said that their dream item to eat and myself included, was a crappy patty. Like wanting the real thing. That's right. So if that is what the real thing tastes like, that's kind of hilarious. Yeah. It's candy. Yeah, it's just candy. It's just delicious Gummies. All right. This looks like a Mac and piece of mac and cheese.


It smells as a gummy. Like gummy. Is that mac and cheese flavored gummy? I think it is. I'm trying to dig in there. Tastes like a, A sandbox. Okay. Huge sandbox. I mean, if there was, there's nothing mac and cheese about it to me. No, except for the look. It's A little bit like macaroni. Like just plain macaroni without the cheese Maybe, You know? But like I was thinking there was gonna be a really offensive kind of like Yeah. Nacho vibe. Yeah. I think it's orange flavored. I think you're right. You think it's weird that I really wanna save these cute little plastic tubs that they both came in for future use. Just in case you need them for something in the future. Yeah. Because you could put, maybe put little rubber bands for your hair in there. Sure.


Organizational. Alright, let's, you can organ organize with old candy things. Okay, last one. Worst For last. I'm actually saving this mac and cheese one. 'cause in general it's kind of delicious. Orange gummy. Yeah, it Is orange. You're right. No, no complaints about that. Now this is like, is this a trend? A Tabasco flavored cupcake? Apparently this is what all the kids are talking about these days. I don't wanna do this. Let's Just do it. Okay. Because I hate spicy stuff. It smells kind of good. Okay. Oh, my ulcer. That's a spicy cupcake. Oh Yeah. Here it goes In the back of my throat. Oh My God. It's kind of good. Ooh, what's it doing? I dunno.


It's got a kick. It looks like a red velvet cupcake. It's got chocolate vibes and spicy, which I don't fucking mind. You Like it? I kind Of, I don't like it, but I don't mind It. But you don't mind it. And if you were on your old TV show, how would you describe this? You take a bite into the Tabasco cupcake and you get, she Had sugar notes on that Immediate sugar, And then the back of your throat starts to burn. Starts To burn a Little. I mean, that was weird. It was like the tasting in the front was full on red velvet, frost Frosting velvet. Yeah. But the experience in the back was something terrible has happened in the back of your throat. Right? I'm not, not nauseous. You know, I mean, that's the idea is like Tabasco desserts work against each other.


Sure. And that's another installment of eating on a podcast. The thing people hate the most that we insist upon doing. I'm gonna cleanse the Tabasco cupcake with a little bit of mac and cheese Gummy. Mm gross. Mm. Well some suggestions for your lover on the, on this beautiful day. Give him any of those things we just ate. I bet there's someone who would love Tabasco cupcakes. Yeah. The guy that hosts hot ones. Oh Yeah. One of those kind of people. Totally. Well, Anything else? Any personal news before we move it along? I have a podcast recommendation. What is it? It's a true crime podcast called Beers With Queers. Have you heard of it? No.


It's an lgbtqia a plus related True crime podcast. And they have two episodes where they do interview with the Trans Dough task force. Oh cool. Which I think is so important. It's episode one 16 and one 17. So I just wanted to mention those and check that podcast out. Beers with queers. Beers with queers. Yeah. The host Jordy and Brad are so, so funny. And it's just a great True Crime podcast. So make sure you check that out. Nice. Oh, I have a little something. I wanna talk to a very, one very specific Marino. Her name is Gloria Evans. She goes to Cal State Dominguez Hills apparently for two years in a row in Mr. Pope's class. She has at the beginning of the year, told everybody that her favorite thing is this podcast.


And the first year she did it, Mr. Pope, who is my very old friend, chip Pope, said to her, just So you know, I know one of those hosts. And she was like, no, you don't. And then basically just didn't believe him. And then I just saw Chip at a party. George and I were at together and she was in his class again and she again told everybody that this is her favorite pod. This is her favorite thing. This podcast. Yeah. And so then he Chip. Chip just told me that kind of in passing. And then I was like, well, I'm gonna set Gloria Evans Strait. Sounds like she's one of the leading marinos out there. Certainly at Cal State Dominguez Hills. Yeah. So Gloria, I know Chip Pope. It's real. We all know. Everyone knows Chip Pope.


He's legendary in the comedy community. Truly. And so are you for loving our podcast enough that you would tell people in a brand new class that you would take, But we appreciate you not trusting authority though and being like, Mr. Pope, no, you don't. Like we get that. Yes. We get that like immediate, what's the word? Distrust. Yeah, totally support that. Right? That like snap judgment of like bullshit. Good for You. If you're gonna immediately come and tell me the thing I think I want to hear most, I absolutely doubt your what? What you're coming at me with. And it wasn't just any party, by the way. It was Chris Fairbank's 50th birthday party. That's right. It was so fun. So good. Everyone who was anyone was there.


It was Great. It was very fun. And Chris made a step and repeat so that people could go take pictures at the party. And the background said 50 years of Fairbanks, but it kind of looked like the Academy Award step and repeat. And then he made a plexiglass Getty images floating thing so that when you took this picture, you had a Getty Images watermark on your picture. Yeah. So fucking Brilliant. The man is an artist. Yeah. Happy birthday, Chris Fairbank. Happy birthday. Okay. ERM highlights real quick. Let's do it. We have a podcast network. It's called exactly the Right Media. Here are some highlights. This week on Buried Bones, Kate and Paul cover the Death of investigative reporter Don Boley, who was known for exposing organized crime in Phoenix and who was killed in a 1976 car bombing.


Tune in to hear how his legacy still impacts journalism today. Wow. And then over on Ghosted by Roz Hernandez, Roz slides down the banister to welcome the comedian Rosebud Baker. They discuss a haunted Toys R Us spirit babies, and a wild encounter with a medium at a comedy club. And then over on Rewind with Karen and Georgia. That's you and I. Oh my God. We're traveling back to recap episode 32, which was the episode where we covered the tragic death of the singer Selena and the now infamous Zan K chicken murders. On that show, we bring you all new case updates and insights and secrets and Easter eggs. You should be checking out. Rewind. If you're not, it's just got everything, Gloria, get over there.


And then there's a lot we don't know these days. I think you and I'd be the first to admit, but one thing we can all agree on is that there's never been a worst time than now. That's True. Hmm. So in honor of that, we're relaunching the, this is terrible. Keep going. Design this time in navy blue with white lettering. So grab your unisex shirt, a ladies tee, a zip hoodie, whatever you want, because really it is terrible right now. And we absolutely need everyone to keep going. Yes, please keep going. Please. Yes.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to last and outlive back by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available offroad features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And Managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's. Built in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye.


Goodbye


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, Yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's A science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apogen, and melatonin beams already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Girlies like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet like, that's all I need. A nice Hot drink and you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer yet. For a limited time, Try their best selling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's Shop BEA m.com/murder and Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye.


Goodbye. All right, you're first. I am first today. Okay. So I have a feeling you're gonna know this story, maybe because I've talked about parts of it, but it's the story of two infamous British gangster brothers who achieved full hero status just a few years after their rise to fame. They were charming, entertaining nightclub owners who rubbed shoulders with the biggest stars of their day and became celebrities themselves. They were also hardened criminals who used intimidation, violence, extortion, and murder to claw their way to the top of London's crime world. And the swinging sixties social scene. Ugh.


This is a story of the notorious cray twins. Holy shit. Do you know this? Yes. And they've been brought up a lot in the podcast, but we've never covered them. I guess that's, Yeah, I think, I think I'm doing this now because I, we were talking about Tom Hardy Right. And the movie legend and all that stuff. So it was like, oh, well actually let's just go back and Yeah. And cover it. Yeah. So the main sources used in this story today are the book, our story written by Ronnie and Reggie Cree and Fred Dage. Also the book, the Profession of Violence, the Rise and Fall of The Cray Twins by John Pearson. And an article by writer Duncan Campbell that ran in The Guardian in 2015 titled The Selling of the Crays.


How Two Mediocre Criminals created Their Own Legend And the rest are in our show notes. So it all begins in October of 1933 when Reggie and Ronnie CRE are born into this world. 10 minutes apart, Reggie first then Ronnie at the family home in the Haggerston neighborhood of East London. Okay. In 1938, the Cree family left that home and moved to Bethal Green. Big long pause. 'cause I was so positive. I was like, it couldn't be that easy to to pronounce. At the time. London's East End is gritty, overcrowded, and many of its residents are trapped in the constant cycle of poverty and unemployment.


The Crays parents are East Enders, violet and Charlie Cray, who already have a 7-year-old son named Charles Jr. When the twins arrive. So by 1939 as World War II is kicking off, Ronnie and Reggie are six years old and their father Charlie is gone much of the time. Reggie will later say quote, my dad in those days was nearly always on the run, usually from the army, but also occasionally from the police. During his years on the run, it was difficult for him to make a proper living. So he would occasionally have to resort to a bit of thieving in the like. Sure. You know, just a touch. We've been up in there. Meanwhile, the twin's mom, violet is a loving and attentive mother who instills in her boys a deep respect for family.


Even in the most desperate times. As London is bombed and the family's evacuated and money runs low, she somehow shields her children from the serious difficulties of everyday life during World War ii. Yeah, that's, sorry, Reggie will later say, quote, my dad, being away meant a hell of a lot of responsibility for our mother, but she did brilliantly. She kept the family together. She kept us clothed and fed. Though how she did it, I'll never know. She was the kindest woman in the world. She never hid us. Not even when we've been right. Little bastards and the cray twins are right. Little bastards from the start. So this is a quote from the craze walking tour information page on the website London Walks, which is walks.com.


Oh, they nailed that one. Yeah. They must have got it early. Quote, the east end of London in the fifties and sixties was a hard place to live. Legendary photographer David Bailey came from the East End at that time and he said quote, quote within quote, if you came from the east end and you wanted out, there were only three things you could become a boxer, a car thief, or maybe a musician. Wow. End quote. To give you a little perspective of what it was like there. Luckily Reggie and Ronnie got into a lot of fights with neighborhood kids, and so as expected as they entered their late teens, they also get into boxing. Both their father and grandfather were boxers and their older brother, Charles Jr.


Is the one who actually teaches them the ropes. So he is too, for a while. Boxing seems like a promising career path for them both, especially Reggie who was said to be an exceptional athlete and very meticulous and thoughtful in the ring. Ronnie, on the other hand, is more brutal and unpredictable, and these two boxing styles actually end up mirroring how people will describe the craze personalities. Reggie being the brains, Ronnie being the muscle. Hmm. So that said, both brothers are talented enough to participate in local youth championships and their fights even get some press attention in the London newspapers. They actually even fight each other a couple times. Ooh, That's kind of A twins.


Yeah. Boxing each other, I Haven't thought was like a, you know a A good sell. Yeah, like a how fucking See these guys look exactly the same. Yeah. Fun little human interest moment. Beat the shit Out of each other. They do it anyway at home. Then in 1952, the craze get drafted into the army, but things spiral almost immediately. When they show up at the reporting station, they refuse to cooperate, punch a corporal and end up fleeing. Can't do that. No, you can. No. So just as their father had done throughout their childhoods, the brothers spend much of the next two years awol from the army or getting arrested and serving short stints in military prisons. As they do, they meet countless other men with criminal records.


And these relationships spark the twins interest in criminal activities and the promise of easy money. In 1954, when both boys are 21, they finally serve all their time and are dishonorably discharged from the military. At this point, Ronnie and Reggie's lives have completely changed their criminal records, effectively bar them from the legitimate boxing world. So their one career path is now entirely cut off, and it's around this time Ronnie starts to struggle with his mental health. This is a big part of the movie, the Legend movie, which is that these weren't just like kind of blood thirsty, you know, sociopathic gangsters. Yeah. Reggie was kind of a businessman.


He was very strategic about what they were trying to do. Ronnie was schizophrenic. He was a paranoid schizophrenic. Oh wow. He didn't know it and he was dealing with the kind of effects of that. Yeah. It was basically that age, the onset of paranoid schizophrenia. Wow. He will later remember it by saying quote. I can joke about it now, but it was a bad time for me. For a while. I was treated at a mental hospital, but I stopped going there. I still wasn't right. I kept getting these urges to kill people because I was convinced they were plotting to kill me. Wow. Yeah. Scary. Which also must be hard if you are starting to be a bit of a criminal or thinking of it, right? Like nothing is like, don't do that.


It's like kind of part of your profession in a way. Yeah. And it's gonna kind of escalate things where it's, yeah. So that's the kind of context playing out in the background. As the twins head back to Bethal Green and soon pursue some legitimate business. There's an east end billiard hull called the Regal, and it's just kind of past its prime. The paint is chipping, the interiors are dingy, and it basically has a seedy enough reputation that like insurers won't insure it, but the crazy, see, it is a perfect investment. So they stop by one day and then the next, and then suddenly there's a strange uptick in violent activity at the regal. Unruly guests start infiltrating the place, they destroy the furniture, smash glasses threaten to burn the building to the ground.


And although the craze deny having anything to do with this sudden influx of bad business right at the regal, it all suspiciously works in their favor. They offer the billiard hall's beleaguered owner five pounds a week to take over the business, which would be around five Pounds in 1940. Now it's 50. Like it fucking matters. Like, I'm gonna be closer. You might get Close five pounds in 19 late forties, like the mid fifties, mid fifties, mid fifties. It's like what I like to call it. Right. $150 a week Close, 1 67. Holy shit. Yes. Because you also made the the switch from dollars to That's a great job. That's why Thank you. That's why it was so hard.


According to writer John Pearson quote, the day their offer was accepted, the violence stopped as mysteriously as it had started. Could you imagine that? So the craze give the regal a long overdue makeover. They repaint and redecorate it, and soon it starts drawing a new crowd of patrons for the first time in years. Unfortunately though, this includes members of a local gang who waltz into the regal and demand money from the craze in exchange for protection. No, not from the cra No, you don't say that to the, Not to these boys craze, but it, but it, they weren't known. So it was kind of like, oh, you, you think you're gonna have a billions? All right. Okay. It's, this is called a protection racket. And in Reggie's own words, this is how protection rackets work.


Okay. And he would know a gang would offer to protect clubs, pubs, shops, and the like from other gangs in return for a fee, which is, when I was reading this part, I was just like, oh, this is The mob And Peaky Blinders. Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Later days. It's just like all the same thing over and over. Peaky Blinders later days. Oh, classic. Often, of course, the business was not in any danger from those other gangs, but if the owner of the business was to make this point and refuse to pay the protection fee, he would generally find that his business had been burgled set fire to, or generally smashed up. By then, of course, he was more than ready to pay his fee. Very few business owners went to the law because if they did, the matter became personal and they themselves would become the target of the gang.


Right. And the law was like on the take, probably you Most likely. Yeah. According to what I've seen in Peaky Blinders. Absolutely. Listen, we have infiltrated the mob before and we, so we know, we Know also Tom Hardy also on Peaky Blinders. Cute. Do you want him in the craze movie legend? Do you want him in Peaky Blinders? You want him in every movie? Yeah. Want him? So the craze, were not at all scared of this gang or their threats. Of course. In fact, when these gang members show up demanding their protection money, the brothers don't just say no in front of their patrons and God and everybody. Ronnie grabs a sword and chases the gang out of the regal.


A sword. A sword. I say, wow. This is when the craze have their light bulb moment. If they're tough enough to run off the local gang running a protection racket, why not just become the local gang running a protection racket? Yeah. So they do, they form a gang known as the firm, and they begin running their own East end protection rackets and armed robberies and arson and black male schemes, and they get rich doing it. I think the name for a gang in the fifties naming it, the firm is so cool And visionary. So cool. So good. Just need to say that Credit where credit's due. Yeah. So as Ronnie and Reggie run this gang, they also opened more nightclubs in 1957, they opened the double R and homage to their first names.


Hmm. Then in 1960, they acquire a popular West End Club called Esmeralda's Barn. Let's go back to the drawing board on that one. If we could See West End, does Barn mean something else in British fifties then? Now you know. Yes. It means a A means a trunk, a boot, A boot, A lift, a flat. They basically harass and extort the previous owner of, of Erdas, and then they just take over themselves. Then in 1963, they debut the Kentucky back in East London, and soon after its opening, the Kentucky serves as a filming location for the movie. Sparrows Can't sing your favorite film. I Love it.


That movie, early Sixties hit, Ronnie and Reggie are invited to the film's premiere and they host its celebrity filled after party about this. Reggie says, quote, it was on that night with Ron and me done up like dogs dinners in our bow ties and dinner jackets and surrounded by the rich and famous that I realized that we were well on the way to making it to the very top. I felt so powerful that night. I felt nothing was to stop us. So through the mid sixties, the craze open more clubs and they become the center of London nightlife, and they're becoming celebrities in their own right, but their public image is complex. It's well known that Ronnie and Reggie are involved in all sorts of illegal activities, that they're wildly brutal to those who cross them and that they're gaining the firm rules.


The East end. They're also running what's called long firm frauds, and this involves setting up a fake business, ordering goods or merchandise on credit, then shutting down that business and stiffing the seller and offloading the goods that they didn't pay for for a quick profit. Sure. But these crimes and the craze, criminal infamy not only doesn't scare customers away, their notorious reputation enhances their popularity. They seem dangerous, which is enticing to some customers. Duncan Campbell writes, quote, this cross-fertilization between crime and show business exemplified in the US by Frank Sinatra's relationship with the mafia had benefits for both sides, prestige for the gangsters edgy, cool for the stars.


Can we like, I wanna make clear though, they don't look like Tom Hardy, right? Like Tom Hardy. I don't know what he played, but he played them in the movie. Yes. That's not what they look like. The picture I saw of the crazy, they look like boxers. They look like they've had their nose smashed a bunch of times. It's like if Alan Rickman had been a boxer Yes. And was terrifying, But also like very concerned with like slicked back hair. Yes. And fifties like cool suits, sixties cool Suits. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. They were, I very image savvy. Yeah. They style themselves after characters in American gangster films. They dress in double breasted suits with their hair slicked back accessorizing with big chunky rings and gold cuff links. They even form a friendly relationship with powerful members of the American mafia.


Okay. So they're going for it. Yeah. But as hard as the twins work to push a very specific gangster image, they also buck social norms by openly engaging in relationships with other men. Oh, right. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. Being an out gay man in this era is very rare. Wow. It homosexuality at the time is against the law in England. But Ronnie lives openly as a gay man. And actually that part of the movie legend is really funny because he is Ronnie being the big tough guy. Yeah. He also has this kind of like, he's very like, takes the world as it is and very, you know, like of the moment. So anytime anyone tries to like insult him or try to infer that there's anything wrong with what he's doing, yeah.


He's just like kind of confused. Like, I don't know what the your problem is. Wow. Okay. Yeah. I mean, that's just the way it's played in the movie, which made me laugh really hard. Yeah. Or he is just not having it. Really. Yeah. And Reggie, who eventually marries a woman named Francis Shea, he's more often described as bisexual. Hmm. So I feel like basically they just do what they want. Yeah. Like weirdly progressive. Yeah. And they're very strong, tough guy. Brand that they've created is great for business and kind of goes, you know, it just plays and enables them to do whatever they want. Essentially. They're not, clubs are increasingly popular hangouts for glamorous clientele like James Mansfield, Tony Bennett, Frank Sinatra, even Judy Garland went there and became a close friend to the Cray Brothers.


At one point, she actually introduced the craze to the Beatles. Judy, who knew she was the link, the link between Wow. The craze mother actually invited Judy Garland to tea, and while she was there, Judy sang somewhere Over the Rainbow for her shit. But this is according to Duncan Campbell, the writer, this was the quote from, from Violet Cray. Judy was a frightened little thing, too skinny. That was her verdict on having fucking Judy Garland in her house singing. Yeah. Wow. Legend. Legendary, tough lady. I mean, violet. Yeah. So for years, the craze seem untouchable. When police look into their crimes, the investigations always stall because witnesses are simply too afraid to talk.


Sure. But of course, nothing lasts forever. While Ronnie and Reggie's rise to the top of London's underworld is swift. By 1966, tensions between the craze and a South London group of gangsters called the Richardson Gang come to a head while these two gangs typically steer clear of each other's business. Ronnie later claims that the CRAs had spies inside the Richardson camp, and those spies eventually report back that one of the Richardson's gang associates, who was a guy named George Cornell, who used to be in the firm. So he was like an ex craze gang member that went to the Richardsons gang. George had been talking about a plan to move into the crazed territory.


Ronnie also admits though that this rift with their ex-colleague was very personal with this George Cornell, because he says, quote, the trouble might still have been avoided, but then Cornell did the most stupid thing he'd ever done in his life, in front of a table full of villains. He actually called me a fat poof. Ooh. He virtually signed his own death warrant. Yeah. You can't do that and quote, you gotta be careful. Yeah. Like in front of everybody, into a person where it's just like, oh, okay. Well then there you go. Yeah. So as you can imagine, things escalate from there. On March 8th, 1966, members of the Richardson gang, including George Cornell, shoot up a pub that's frequented by members of the firm.


Ronnie and Reggie aren't there, but one of their associates is killed. So one night later, Ronnie's out drinking when he learns that George Cornell is posted up at a pub called The Blind Beggar that's also in the East End, and it's also in the firm's territory. So Ronnie walks over, walks up to George at the bar and shoots him in front of basically all the patrons that are in there. Shit. George Cornell dies later that night after the murder. Ronnie says quote, I felt fucking marvelous. Jesus. Well, don't, don't call him slurs then. I know, and certainly don't call him fat. I don't know why I'm expecting like a gang to be like, I didn't like it. It's like, no.


Course. He fucking felt that though. He didn't give a shit. No. You would just be fucking traumatized into infinity if you had to shoot so Fucking totally. Months pass, Ronnie faces zero repercussions for George's murder because again, no witnesses are willing to talk. About a year later with a rivalry between the craze and the Richardson gang, continuing to build Reggie Brutally murders a low ranking member of his own gang over basically a small debt. This man's name was Jack The Hat Viddy. I'm gonna start calling you The Hat for sure. Please do The Hat. If you could just wear a little hat all The time. Always. Jack is baited into a basement. He's told there's a party down there that everyone's going to never Go to a party, especially In the basement.


When he gets down there, he instead finds Reggie and Ronnie waiting for him. Reggie pulls the trigger to shoot Jack the gun jams. Come on. So Ronnie holds jack down. Reggie pulls out a knife and repeatedly stabs him in the face, throat, and chest until he bleeds out on the floor. Oh, What a bummer. And Jack McVitty's body is disposed of and never recover. Wow. So that's where all the like glamor and glitz and kind of like superficial stuff really, really melts away for me. Yeah. Where it's like, oh, that's cute and neat and Tom Hardy. Yeah. And hooray. But then it's like you, you could do that. That's Fucking brutal as shit To someone in your own gang. Right. This murder is seen as a terrible, needless and very sloppy move, and it alienates the craze from members of their own gang.


It's also out of character for Reggie, who's typically more of the strategic and thinking One years later, he blames this decision to murder Jack on his poor mental state because his beloved wife Francis had recently taken her own life. Oh no. Yeah. Still No, no, no. Oh no. For her. Yeah. Oh. Strictly like the Oh, no stops. Yeah. Firmly there. So both the murders of Jack McVety and George Cornell happened in front of witnesses over at Scotland Yard. There's a detective named letter, quote unquote Nipper Reed. Oh, Nipper. That's your new nickname. Is it The Hat Nipper and The Hat Nipper And The Hat. That's our new Tuesday show.


No, no kidding. So the nippers are determined to bring down the craze. Essentially in 1968, Ronnie Reggie and about 15 members of the firm are arrested for various illicit activities. Reed's plan is to bring them all in and then flip someone from the inside. He holds separate interrogations with each gang member and offers them legal protection in exchange for their testimony about the murders of Cornell and Mick Vidi. And the plan works. After about a decade of getting nothing but silence, Reed is finally able to turn members of craze own inner circle who are finally willing to speak in court.


The twins 1969 trial is a true media sensation. Oh, I bet. Thanks to all the damning evidence and most crucially, the consequential testimony against them. It ends with both Ronnie and Reggie being found guilty of the murders of George Cornell and Jack McVety respectively, as well as all the unprovable crimes that no one would or could talk about up until that point. Yeah. The Razer sentenced to life sentences in separate prisons. They're both 35 years old. At their sentencing hearing, the judge tells them, quote, in my view, society has earned arrest from your activities, but they don't get arrest from the craze activities.


Instead, Ronnie and Reggie maintain a very public profile once they're in prison. Duncan Campbell reports that quote, once jailed, they devoted their considerable energies to their image as gang gangland. Stars always open to visitors from the outside. Huh. The twins are able to generate a decent income by feeding stories to visitors who would then sell them to British tabloids and then bring the money back to the craz in jail. Oh, That's smart. Right. They also have more elaborate ways of capitalizing off their imprisonment. In 1985, for example, Ronnie gets engaged to a woman named Elaine who's been writing him letters during his incarceration. There's always these Elaine's.


These Elaine's, By this point, Ronnie's been transferred to Broadmoor, a famous London psychiatric hospital. We have talked about on the show many times Ronnie and Elaine decide to get married at the facilities chapel. But there's an ulterior motive here. Oh, It's not what, I mean, it could have been the greatest Valentine's Day of all time, but no, it's not real. When the tabloids catch wind about this upcoming wedding, the Sun offers 20,000 pounds, which is nearly how much in today's US dollars. 20,000 in the eighties. Yep. Equals 350, A hundred thousand.


Damnit. Let's try. I was trying to send it to you. Thank you. I was gonna say pathologically a hundred thousand dollars for the rights to cover it. Ronnie accepts the offer, takes the money. Presumably we don't have proof. And then interestingly, his marriage to Elaine is over within a few years. Yeah. I mean, he worked the sun for him. That's kind of great. Totally. That's a lot Of money. These guys are really good at being kind of Robin Hood esque. Yeah. Except for the murder. Right. Ronnie Cree dies of Broadmoor in 1995 at the age of 61 after a heart attack. Reggie Cray meanwhile bounces around to different prisons until the year 2000 when they release him on compassionate grounds because he's dying of cancer.


Wow. Reggie dies a few weeks later on October 1st at the age of 66. Today, the Cray brothers are buried side by side in London next to their parents. And even after their deaths, the Cray twins continue to fascinate the public. And their twisted underdog story has inspired a niche industry of books, movies, and TV shows, and true crime podcasts. This includes the 2015 film legend where the great Tom Hardy gives a dual blockbuster performance as both brothers in one movie. If you haven't seen it, it really is the best. I Haven't, I'll Watch it. It's just, it's also just a really, like, in my opinion, beautifully directed film. Yeah. And very compelling. But it's just so good and he's so different.


The two brothers are so different. Yeah. And to play both of them, that's gotta be a challenge. It's cool. He's not just a pretty face. He's not, let's just start crying. There's also a 1990 film starring Martin and Gary Kemp as the Cray Brothers. It's called The Craze. And if you're not old then you probably don't know. The Kemp Brothers were the bass and guitar players for the band spanned out ballet. Oh, wow. Yeah. So they were kind of already famous British. Yeah. And then somebody wanted to make the Craze movie, and they're like, those guys are brothers. They're bad asses. They wear jackets really well today. The Crave brand remains strong. Many continue to capitalize off of it. There are now gangster walking tours in London that roll through the areas where Ronnie and Reggie used to hang out, including London walks@walks.com.


Go ahead. Hey, and get your craze walking tour over there. Full circle. And the pub, the Blind beggar where Ronnie killed George Cornell also benefits from the connection to the craze reporter Duncan Campbell notes quote, you can take a selfie in the place where Cornell was shot, and the pub sells crazed DVDs for 20 pounds and a craze walk booklet for three pounds. Wow. Not only that, but I, in looking on that website, found that there's a walking tour called Darkest Victorian London, which I beg anybody that can get to it to please take and then write into, oh, My favorite murder at gmail.com, and tell me everything about the darkest Victorian.


That's your dream walking tour. There's also, there's also a virtual walking tour of Jane Austen's bath, which I want. Wow. Can I just sit, or do I have to actually walk like on a treadmill? You have to walk on a treadmill in your own home. Like Virtual means. I can virtually walk too, or I have to Walk. It's just kind of virtual, like, you know. Yeah. Think about walking while you, okay. While you watch it done. And that's the story of the Notorious East ender twin gangsters, the craze. Wow. I just have the best idea right now. So like you get a treadmill and it has like the walking tours of like the like beautiful. Or the walking hikes and the mountains and the forest and all the beautiful hikes you can take. Yes. Why aren't there like Ghost Tour treadmill walks and like, you know, Jack the Ripper, like neighborhood treadmill walks So that your heart rate keeps going up.


Yes. And keeps going up. Oh my God. Brought to you by My favorite murder. Boom. Yeah, let's do this. Poor man's copyright. Don't try to do it. Don't fucking doing it. Take it. But it's also like you're on a treadmill, but then like a ghost from Scooby-Doo kind of just flies through. It's right. Yeah. That's a great idea. It's great. Sorry. That was so good. Thank you. Thank you. Good job. Wow. Thank You. Thank you, Tom Hardy. You've done it again. You have, it's all Tom Hardy's fault, and we appreciate it. That's right.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, Yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend, packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin, and melatonin beam's already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Girlies, like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A nice hot drink. And you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer. Yet. For a limited time, try Their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's Shop BEA m.com/murder. And Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start Getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Contrary to popular belief, since the birth of man, women have also existed, And yet it's so hard to find brass and shapewear that don't feel like a punishment. Enter honey Love. Honey Love is an independent female founded brand specializing in brass, shapewear, and intimates designed for real women's bodies. Because All honey love products are intelligently designed by women who actually wear them. They recently launched the cross Flex bra, which is designed to support you all day from your workday to your workout. Honey Love Brass are supportive and wire free thanks to bonding technology that lifts without underwire. You deserve a bra that's lightweight and comfortable without sacrificing support. A great bra is the foundation of any great outfit. Start every outfit with honey, love and elevate your style. Treat yourself to the best brass and shapewear on the market. Save 20% off honey. love@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use our exclusive link to get 20% off, honey love.com/mfm to find your perfect fit. After You purchase, they ask you where you've heard about them. Please show support for the show and tell them we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style with honey. Love. Goodbye.


Alright, well, here's one that a lot of people are gonna be mad at me about, that I'm mad at me about. Okay. 'cause the timing's bad and it's bad story and it's on. It's on. I know It's about to happen. You're like, and this is the American Revolution. This is the Civil War. It's something that is a lot of us who have anxiety. It's on our minds right now. Even though this is a story from over 45 years ago. This is the story of the Deadliest Aviation accident in history. I know Alejandra called me last week and was like, are you sure you want to cover this?


And I'm like, let's just do it. But let's talk about what's happening currently too. Yeah. You know? Yep. So we don't shy away here, except sometimes we do. Well, I mean like we do what we can do week to week. Right. All right, let's do it. Yeah. Let's dig in. This story is wild because it's a story of chance. Like so many little things, human error, the weather, like things you could not control all lining up in such a way that this one event occurred and it results in a tragedy that ultimately claims the lives of 583 people. I know this disaster also led to some major changes in the way international aviation works.


That said, safety experts have been warning for years that there are still gaps in the systems. And that another tragedy is likely their warnings have only just recently come to fruition in the recent American Airlines crash in Washington DC Mm. We'll talk about at the end, this is the story of the Tenor Reef airport disaster. Do you know it? Yes. Yep. Did you watch the Nova episode called The Deadliest Plane Crash? It's like I survived. What year Was it from? It's 2006. It feels Old. I may have, yeah. Yeah, I bet you did. 'cause it totally reads like an I survived episode. Okay. And it's so hard to watch and the rest of the sources can be found in the show notes. That was the main source I used when I watched it and cried.


But then I was like, Vince, I shouldn't do this this week. Right. And he was like, I'm not worried about it. And I'm like, oh, it's just us who have anxiety. I mean, I think it's that piece where the, a lot of us had the little factoid in our heads every time we flew, which is Right. It's more common to have to be killed in your own bathroom. Yeah. And a car accident that's cars are less safe than airplanes. Right. But I think when we see any kind of air disaster in the news, it shakes that kind of totally like comfort that we hold onto very, very dearly Right. On top of there this kind of governmental crumbling vibe. Yes. Which then you're like, well that's gonna, you know, it's easy to then begin to write what's gonna happen.


Yeah. And I think that we also feel some kind of control when it comes to stepping into our bathtub or getting into a car, we at least have a little bit of control over what's happening. And in an airplane you give it all up. And so it's scary. Very true. Et cetera. Just like to remind everybody that one step you take off the bath mat and there's a little water on your, it's like tile floor. I did that the other day and caught myself. I was like, I could have like, just cracked my head so hard. And it was like, like a Fast totally One that I then caught and I was like, Oh my God, thank God I caught myself. That's Terrifying. Yeah, Everything's terrifying guys. Everything Is terrifying. We can do this. Just walk slowly, you know, keep the ground dry.


Yeah. Carry a beta blocker. You don't have to take it, but just like knowing that it's in my purse does help sometimes. Okay. Also, we're getting on a plane next month. You and I. So sorry about that. We're Going to be doing this a lot. It's people. 1 million people are gonna get on planes today. Yeah. And be fine. Someone's flying right now and they're like, I'm just gonna listen until I can't anymore. Yeah. Jessica, stay with us. You've got this. Okay, so let's talk about the Canary Islands. They're a chain of southern islands off the coast of Northwestern Africa. As you know, however, there's Spanish territories. This is clearly a bit contentious with everybody. There have been several movements for independence over the years with disputes of who controls some of the waters around the islands.


Regardless, we're not getting to that today. The islands are a hugely popular tourist destination. You've heard of 'em, right? I have. Because there was those murders. Oh, That's right. Recently. Regardless. So the islands are sunny, they're tropical. It's tropical weather pretty much year round. And they are home to hundreds of beach resorts. And waterparks a beautiful place to go. When you hear British people talking about a sun holiday, they're probably talking about the Canary Islands. Like they go there a lot. So here we are on the island of Grand Canary on March 27th, 1977. It's shortly after 1:00 PM at the Grand Canary Airport, which is the main airport servicing the island.


So it's a pretty sizable island and airport and a bomb explodes in the departures area. Oh. So this is just one of those little moments. It has nothing to do with the plane crash. It's gonna happen later. It's just a chance thing that leads to the next thing. Right. A group called the Canary Islands separatist movement takes credit for the explosion, injures eight people and the group threatens that there will be a second explosion that day. So that's the first thing that happens. The airports evacuated, obviously. And all flights that are scheduled to land there are diverted. Hmm. Most of them are diverted to the much smaller Los Rodeos airport on the neighboring island of Tene.


And it's about a 25 minute flight between the two islands. Los Rodeos has only a single runway. It's very small. One large taxiway and four much smaller taxiways branching off of that. So it's like the Burbank airport compared to like LAX. Right. You know, and it's not designed to accommodate the number of aircraft that have now been diverted there because of this unexpected explosion. Also, it's a Sunday. And so there are only two air traffic controllers on duty at this smaller airport. So among the flights that have been diverted to Los Rodeos are Pan Am Flight 1736, which flew out of LAX. Yeah. You know, all this. Do you know this one?


Well? No, no, no. I don't know. I don't know like that. Okay. Yeah. That was a Boeing Amazing. No, it's just that it's like those, the plane crashes from the seventies feel like Yeah. A lot of them were PanAm. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Or like when it's like when you hear the phrase PanAm flight and then a number, it's like it gives me Yeah, agita. Totally. So it had flown out of LAX, made a refueling stop at JFK in New York. And then the other flight was KLM flight 4 8 0 5. That one originated in Amsterdam. And that was a charter flight for a tour company called the Holland International Travel Group. So both planes are, as you just said, Boeing seven 40 sevens, the first wide body plane designed for commercial travel to be considered a jumbo jet.


Hmm. And they have a distinctive upper deck as well. Yes. Which we don't have anymore. Right? Upper Decks? No, the, I've gone on planes recently that had upstairs. Wow. There was something. I flew Italy probably. Yeah. I was upstairs when I flew home from Italy. Yeah. It was a biggie. Huge Jumbo jet. So like those were the only two jumbo jets that went to tenor reef that day. Everything else was smaller, but you know, they weren't supposed to be there. Right. The pilot of the KLM flight, the Dutch flight is Jacob Van Anton. He is one of the most senior pilots at KLM. In fact, he's the airline's chief pilot and is in charge of training new pilots. He's like the best of the best. This kind of old or senior pilot.


He's so well regarded in the industry that he is featured prominently in KLMs advertising. Mm. Like when they show like these are the people who fly you. It's like this guy is like the face of It. Did you get to see a picture of him? Yeah. He's like a, you know, older gray zdi type For sure. Nice. Yeah. I feel like of all the populations of people on this planet, pilots would have the least amount of patience with me. You know what I mean? Why? Because they're just so like, you know Yeah. Kind of like all business. All business Kind of very logical. Yeah. Like almost like engineers. Are they engineers? I mean they might be. They should be.


There's no extra chitchat it feels like with them. No extra words. 'cause there's just like, yeah, because They're like logic. Logic. But then like I would be on there just like, Oh my God, if you've ever seen anything weird and and they would just be like, I don dunno what you're talking about. Yeah, yeah. There's no chitchat. You're totally right. So he, he's definitely that guy. However, If we're wrong about that, write in pilots. Let us know if we're wrong, please let us know. But I will say about this guy though, and you'll like this, he, everyone says he is a warm and friendly guy. Oh great. And that he insisted that his coworkers call him by his first name instead of addressing him as captain. So like he's fucking down to earth Chill. Chill. Good at what he does. Maybe he'll tell you about that. One time he saw a UFO The weird thing in this guy.


Yeah. Like he's so likable. Okay. And the first officer copilot, he's pretty green and he's currently being trained by Captain Benza and almost everyone on that flight is Dutch. Many of them are families going on vacation. And among the Dutch passengers are several tour guides who are from the Netherlands originally, but now most live on the Canary Islands. And they're like, they're coming with the group to the Canary Islands among them as a young woman in her twenties named Robina Van Land. Shot both flights land at Los eus around 2:00 PM you know, they've been diverted. As I keep telling you, the passengers from the Dutch KL flight are allowed off the plane and into the airport while they wait, which is kind of crowded, but at least they're getting off the plane.


And it's here that Robina makes a split second decision. See her boyfriend, like newish boyfriend lives on tenor reef where they had to land where they were diverted. So she decides to stay on the island and go see him. She's close friends with the other two Dutch tour guides on the flight. She tries to convince 'em to like come with her, we'll make a night out of it. We'll have some fun. But they've already made plans to see friends on Grand Canaria. And so they're like, we're just gonna wait till we're allowed to get back on the plane and go go back to the island. Like they wanna get this whole trip over with. So the passengers on the Pan Am flight from la, they have to stay on the plane. Unfortunately, nearly all of them had departed from Los Angeles and they had already made that stop in New York.


So at this point they've all been traveling for about 12 hours. Oof. And you know, probably really shitty conditions back in the seventies. Right. Lots of cigarettes, Lots of smoking, Lots of cigarette smoke. They're anxious to complete this final 25 minute leg of their trip. They're like, can we get this over with? Among these passengers is a 27-year-old woman named Joni Holt. Joni is a former police officer and has a three-year-old daughter back home in San Diego. She's divorced and in a relatively new relationship with a man named Jack. And she and Jack are about to go on this like trip of a lifetime Together in this new relationship they're in, they're going on a two week cruise through the Mediterranean and actually a large proportion of the passengers on that flight are supposed to go on the same cruise.


It's scheduled to leave from Grand Canary and make stops in the Canary Islands. Morocco, Sicily, Athens. Like everyone is just ready for this flight to be over so they can move on with their lives. Yeah. So Joni and her boyfriend have splurged on first class tickets for the flight and the luxurious Pan Am 7 47 has a first class bar area on the upper deck. Wow. That upper deck you love at this point on the journey, Joni and her boyfriend have befriended their seat mates. Something I don't ever do. No, No. God No. You shouldn't. Once they've been diverted to tenor reef, some of those seatmates invite them upstairs to the lounge to hang out. But Joni and Jack decide to stay downstairs in their seats.


They're just like, they wanna be where they're supposed to be when the flight's supposed to take off. Like they're ready to freaking go. Yeah. So they don't go upstairs to the bar. Remember that flight to Australia that had a bar in it? You won't remember that, but Vince and I remember That. Was it behind where we were sitting? Yes. Yeah. That was so cool. Yeah. So first class has a dedicated crew and among them on the Pan Am flight are best friends Suzanne Donovan and Joan Jackson. These two young women try to coordinate so that they work on the same flights together. That's how much they enjoy each other's company. So at about 5:00 PM the Grand Canary Airport has been secured and reopens.


And so flights are allowed to begin taking off for that 25 minute journey. Now the two air traffic controllers are gonna have to play a game of Tetris to move all these unexpected planes around to give them space to take off down that one small runway that they have. Then at the same time, one of these other fucking bits of chance happens, a thick fog begins to roll in. I know. Fucking fog. The airport is 2000 feet above sea level, which you know, means it's prone to thick cloud cover at times. And there's another issue. The center lights on the runway aren't working. Crucial.


Crucial. Especially if you have fog. Yeah. But Oh my God, yeah. Yeah. At this point everyone has been stranded at Los rodeos for about three hours. They're anxious to get into the air. In addition to this, the Dutch KLM crew is in danger of timing out, which basically means that everyone working that flight would have to stay a certain amount of hours at that, you know, airport before they're allowed to fly again. And like there's not room for that on the island. They're all fucking over it. Like let's, they just like kind of are in a hurry in a way. They wouldn't be normally. Yeah. And so because of this, maybe not everyone is thinking every step through the air traffic controllers instruct the KLM flight to taxi to the end of the runway and then they're supposed to wait for the pan and flight to follow behind it and get behind it to take off after it.


All the other planes at the airport are on the taxi or a holding area because these are the two big planes. But there's interference and the radio transmissions aren't clear. There's also the language barrier issue. All of the communications are being done in English, but the air traffic controllers and the KLM pilots don't have a standard aviation centered knowledge of the language. The air traffic controller's first language is Spanish. The KLM flight crew's first language is Dutch. And so the two groups are just not working with a standardized aviation English vocabulary. Just the limited amount of English that they both happen to know. Okay. So obviously things are gonna get mixed up.


The Dutch speaking pilots on the KLM flight taxi to the end of the runway as they're supposed to. And then Captain Van Zanten says, okay, we are at takeoff. And then the air traffic controller say, okay, standby for takeoff, I will call you. But because of the radio interference, only the okay is audible in the KLM cockpit. So no one had actually given the KLM flight clearance to take off. But Captain Van Zain must have misunderstood as he initiates takeoff, he basically goes down to the end of the runway, they have to do a U-turn and they're supposed to wait for the other flight to go down and go behind it. But it's still driving down the runway. Right. They're like basically facing each other. The transmissions are choppy and in the Pan Am flight that's still taxing down the runway.


They don't hear everything but they still say quote, we're still taxing down the runway. But this transmission overlaps with one from air traffic control. And in the KLM cockpit they only hear high pitched noise as they're playing barrels directly at the Pan Am flight, which they can't see through that dense fog. Oh God. So it's just barreling towards this other plane while all this is going on, the passengers in first class on the pan and flight, they're kind of aware of what's going on. Joni remembers feeling nervous about the maneuvering that they had to do around the KLM flight. She remembers that her boyfriend joked quote, don't worry if they hit us you won't feel a thing.


End quote. But the KLM crew does hear the next transmission when the tower tells the PanAm crew to report when they're clear. And so one member of the KLM crew then asks the radio while they're at full speed taking off if this means they're not clear already. Like clearly in that cockpit as well, there was some confusion like with everybody To be asking while you are taking like mid of like, oh we're doing the thing, are you saying we're not clear? Right. And the captain who's like thinks we're clear and taking off is like old school season captain. So like questioning him is probably like not something most people do. Yeah. So that clearly was his way of being like, this isn't right.


So then the Pan-Am flight comes into view of the KLM flight that's trying to take off. And the last recording recovered from the KLM cockpit is Captain Vanzant crying out as he tries to pull up and take off to avoid hitting the Pan-Am flight. So he just like fucking tries so hard to pull up. But they had just gotten a bunch of fuel on the plane too. Yeah. Which made it heavier. There were about eight seconds when the two planes are visible to each other and in those eight seconds the captain of the Pan-Am flight named Victor Grubbs says, goddammit, that son of a bitch is coming. And he tries to steer his plane off the runway to get it out of the way. So sorry, they're both taking off at each other. Essentially the Dutch Flight is taking off quickly in the direction of the Los Angeles flight that's just taxiing and coming slowly forward.


Okay. Yeah. So they're both coming towards each other. And then, but one is the Dutch flight is actually going really fast. Yeah. And trying to take off, Oh my God. Right. Despite the KLM flight trying to pull up and the Pan-Am flight trying to veer away, it's no use. The KLM flight just gets off the ground, but slices right through the upper deck of the Pan-Am flight resulting in an instant explosion. Oh God. I know. The KLM flight remains airborne for a few seconds before crashing to the ground in a fireball. There are no survivors from the KLM flight, which had 248 people aboard. Wow. So meanwhile, at first Pan Am first Officer Robert Bragg doesn't think their flight has been extensively damaged.


They're the one who got hit that were taxiing because all he could feel was a bit of a of shaking. And then he realizes that all the windows in the cockpit are gone. And in this model of 7 47, the cockpit is on the upper level. So Robert turns around in a seat and sees the tail of the airplane, meaning the entire top part of the plane had just been sliced right off. Oh my God. I Know. Just turns around and like he could see the tail of the plane from the cockpit. He says quote, we had 28 people in the upstairs lounge. The lounge was no longer in the plane, it was just a big hole there. Oh. End quote. That's the lounge that Joni and her boyfriend had considered going up to, but instead had stayed in their seats.


So Joni had felt the plane veer to the left before the impact. And the next thing she remembers is this horrific scene of devastation around her and destruction. There's debris and small fires everywhere in the cabin, but next to her, her boyfriend Jack is also still alive. They're both injured but not horrifically so, and together they climb over the debris to a hole where one of the plane's doors used to be and seven 40 sevens are high off the ground. It's about a 12 foot jump from the door to the ground. And a man is already down there telling Jonie that he'll catch her. So she is able to jump from that hole to the ground. And meanwhile Jack starts to help a flight attendant get other passengers to this door to get off of the plane.


Hmm. At some point terrifyingly part of the plane collapses, but this actually makes the jump lower so it's easier to get people to the ground. So they help get people off of the plane, which is incredible. And eventually Jack also gets off the plane and is reunited with Joanie. I know. Oh My God. Among those who have also survived the impact are best friends Suzanne and Joan. And they both instruct the people who can make it to the door to leave everything behind and they help them get off of the burning plane and eventually they have no choice but to get off as well. Once on the ground, Joan, the flight attendant thinks they're going to walk around the plane and find more survivors who have exited through the doors. But that doesn't happen.


Some passengers do manage to get out over one of the wings of the plane, but the majority of the people on the flight are either killed on impact or suffocate in the fire of those on the Pan Am Flight 331 people die and only 61 survive. Oh My God. However, 61 survivors, I mean miraculous. Completely miraculous. Yeah. I told you you'd hate This. I mean it's awful, but it's just so unimaginable. It's just so kind of like the way you're describing it where it's like that is literally how it would be where you're sitting there, you hear this weird noise. Yeah. All of a sudden you're like, I guess there's things that are on fire. I better leave. Like you're in full shock. Yeah.


It's just wild. Totally have been like on the thing and staying conscious and getting off the thing. Yeah. You probably like got your purse with you 'cause you just are like just totally in shock. Yeah. Get up and go. Yeah. So in the aftermath, large memorial services for both flights are held. The Dutch service for the KLM flight is held in a hangar to accommodate more than 300 caskets, which is I guess staggering to see them altogether. And those who died in the Pan-Am flight are buried in Westminster, California. The only person who should have been on that KLM flight who does survive is Robina. Remember the tour guide who stayed behind on 10 Reef to see her boyfriend at that point?


The two had only known each other for four months, but they go on to get married and and in that 2006 Nova documentary, they say they've never separated since that day. She's like, love saved my life. Yeah. Oh, I know. And then 2007, a memorial to the crash and its 583 victims is dedicated at the airport and tene. So this tragedy leaves the aviation industry reeling and leads to major changes across all major airports and international airlines. There's this now a standard protocol for simple universal English phrases. No air traffic controllers can use words like Okay.


Or Roger. Those words are not used anymore. Hmm. No one says the word takeoff unless permission for takeoff is being given. Pilots and air traffic controllers only use the word departure before that. Ooh. So, because they're like, like hold for takeoff. You don't say that anymore. Yeah. It's like you can't say the word takeoff until you're, 'cause it's kind of what happened is it just got a little confused. The Misunderstanding. Right. Right. So you won't hear that word unless it's allowed. Well, flying is still statistically very safe as you and I know. Yep. Just a few weeks ago we saw the first accident involving a major US carrier in 16 years. Yeah. This came after several close calls in 2023.


In the span of a few weeks, there were three near misses on American runways with planes almost colliding. I Know. I hate it. I just wanna stay home. Go ahead. Can I? Sure. Oh, thank God. Safety experts had cautioned that these misses should be taken as a warning to address issues like understaffing among air traffic controllers and modernizing warning systems. Unfortunately, these issues have not been addressed completely enough. And on January 30th, just this past month, a Black Hawk helicopter collided with an American Airlines flight that was landing at DC's Reagan airport. 67 people were killed. There were no survivors as we know.


And in fact, while the victims of the crash were still being pulled from the Potomac, Trump blamed diversity hiring in the air traffic control industry for the crash. And look, the Yes, we can totally get into politics here. I'm obviously no expert, but it's important to bring this stuff up. And I'll just quote an ex-US named a money resists who said, quote, on your second day you won, fired the head of the Transportation Security Administration two fire, the entire aviation security advisory committee three froze hiring of all air traffic controllers four fired 100 top FAA security officers.


Now, many argue that these changes wouldn't have led to such immediate consequences that would have affected this crash that happened on the 30th. And at the time the air traffic controller was filling in for a coworker and doing a job that was usually performed by two people, which of course points to the above understaffing issues. Yeah. But you can't argue that they more than likely, will eventually affect those things. Here's What you can argue, in my opinion, is that it has nothing to do with DEI. Right. That, that idea that immediately blaming it on this buzzword bullshit thing Publicly. Like what a, what a dangerous thing to say. Well, But that they're just constantly pointing to people of color and women Yeah.


And these, and it's like immediately. Right. It it like that, that is just so wildly irresponsible. You just kind of have to separate it from everything that happened to go. It's too bad there isn't leadership that doesn't measure their words and think about the effect of those words when they're talking about something this horrifyingly tragic. Right, right. Absolutely. And that is a story of the tenor reef airport disaster, the deadliest accident in aviation history And seemingly like one that all of those things coming together. Yeah. All of those, it's almost like there's no world where there's blame. Right. For all of those things being on the table at one time.


Totally. To, to me that's like, if you wanna blame anything, you blame it being 1977. Right. And you know, however, there are things you can put into place that like, you know, looks out for those, let's call them acts of God or whatever. Or misunderstandings Yes. Or misinformation or security issues or communication issues. Like let's put those into place instead of just fucking Well, and once they've been put into place Right. Let's not take them back out of place and somehow then pretend that we never needed them in the first place. Right. Right. Whoa. Told you, You really got in there and kind of faced, you really faced down I did a a demon.


I did. You did it. I did it. You did it. We did it. I mean, it's almost like that love story of Robina and her boyfriend. Yeah. We can pull that out and just have that be the theme and say that's a beautiful thing that sometimes happens among horrible circumstances. Yeah. Like that's the, that's the little bright piece of it that we couldn't look at, is that she wanted to see him so bad and she went and ran into his arms and Never left. Never left. What's the positive piece about the story of the craze that we can romantically pull out? Oh, there's no happy ending sometimes and that's okay. Hey, look, it's the, the happy ending is that we're willing to face the bad endings.


Yeah. And Valentine's is here, so, so go get some KFC. Yeah. Eat as much chocolate as you feel like. Yeah. It's your day. It is your day. And also stay Sexy and don't get murdered. I said don't get married. Oh my God. Happy Valenti. Everybody. Don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana sce.


Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This is LaVar Arrington from two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places


It's tax season. And by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


This Message comes from Greenlight Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automated allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.