(2s):
This is exactly

(3s):
right. Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality, and go anywhere attitude or a test Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places

(1m 9s):
This message comes from. Greenlight ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.

(1m 40s):
This season, let your shoes do the talking designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat. DSW has you covered. Find a shoe for every you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance, and more. Head to your DSW store or visit dsw.com today.

(2m 26s):
Hello. Hello. And Welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia HeartStart. That's Karen Kiff. We say this every time. You Guys should know this by now. Say it along with us, but put your name in and both parts. Aw, I love that. That's Becky Milligan. And That is Clarissa Streeter Knows it. It all. That's Not a name. Yeah. Teaches You all. What's the Clarissa Show from Clarissa? Explains it all. Explains it all After that show. I was too old. Yeah, you were. I was the right age for that. Did she explain it all to You? She explained it all to me. She had great fashion sense and She really, what would she explain on a weekly basis? Like how it Socially Yeah. Or like, moms are tough, but in the end they like are have your back.

(3m 9s):
Or like, it's tough when bullies or whatever, you know, it was like that kind of thing. Okay. But it wasn't like corny. No, it's like Daria kind of. Or it's just like cool when hear something weird. Yes. And creepy. Yes. Oh. Maybe a Little sad about me or you? Neither of us. Okay, great. Yeah, just that Happened to me. Oh, it's weird. Okay. This counts as being about you. Okay. Okay. Okay. So when we got back from the fire after evacuating, we were home a couple days. Everything was weird out, you know? Yeah. Like the sky was weird and there was ash everywhere. It's just like a creepy time. The city was like empty. And so I'm walking cookie on our lawn, our front lawn, and I look down a little further up.

(3m 50s):
There's like a plastic bag on the ground on our lawn. And I like approach it and it looks kind of like a, just a baggie, like a, a coke. Like a big bag. You know? Like someone had dropped like a brick of coke. Yeah. Half a brick. Sure. Not a ton. And just So you, you don't have an idea. Sure, sure. In today's, in today's money, A brick is not enough. Right. Brick's too much. It was like half a brick. Brick's too much. Yeah. Half is not. Okay. Yeah. So I approach it and I real, it's like messy. And I realize it's cremains. Like it's clearly cremains of something. There's a sticker on it and there's teeth marks in it. What? And so what we figured out is that while these fires were raging, a coyote must have dug up some sweet person's Sweet pet.

(4m 37s):
No, that passed away. No. Carried it to our house and left it on our lawn. So that was fuck. And like this is like during, when the fires were happening. So everything is horrible. Yes. So that was like, it felt like an ominous sign. Absolutely. But You could, but I could kind of make out the, like the, the stuff on the sticker that was clearly from the place where the animal had been cremated. So you are positive it was an animal? Yes, Because the name was Frida. It just said Frida. Are you positive? It's not a person. It Says guardian animal aftercare on the sticker. Sorry. I just needed the confirmation. And it looks really old. Like So you can't make that out. So it looks like it's been buried for a while. And so we, I could kind of make out, this is me doing my fucking best sleuth thing ever, by the way.

(5m 19s):
Sure. I could kind of make out the name of the person. And so we called the place that where the animal, they called the place on the sticker and they're like, we are so old school, we just have like files. This probably from a long time ago. So we tried, we asked our neighbors like, do you know this person's name? And they don't. So I, and I just wanna return it to them because like if I came out and like, let's say I had buried one of my beloved pets in my yard and it was a fucking dug up. So they might not live there anymore, but I think I should give them, give the, give it a new burial. Right. You could do that. That'd be really nice. Yeah. Or you could take it in the middle of the night and throw it over someone else's fence. Let them have a fucking problem. I'm, there's options.

(5m 60s):
I'm saying Yeah, you Should score. I mean, I have video of the coyotes playing in that area that night. So like that didn't already happen. Thank God You're positive. Someone didn't just like that over a fence. I'm pretty sure That's really disturbing. Isn't that And quite so Sorry. Something I told, but, but it's also like sweet in a weird way. Well, I'm glad your coyote story is sweet. 'cause mine, oh, they almost killed blossom. That's right. That's That. Just recently. I feel like the coyotes are really under the gun. Oh, I saw one today in the street. I mean, they're, everybody got driven down 'cause of the fires. Yeah. Like it is not good in terms of poor, you know, actual wild animals. Yeah. But it's also not good in terms of little white terriers just trying to act like she, they're in charge of their domain.

(6m 44s):
My dog blossom at five in the morning needed to go out because she could hear the coyotes. And then she got bit, and it was crazy because this is the same blossom who survived a killer bee sting. Oh, that's right. She has been up against it. This dog She needs, she's an indoor dog I Think. I think so. I think she's becoming convinced. She, it Could have been like if she were a little smaller, they would've carried her Off entirely. Fucking Thank God. Also, she makes this insane sound, which is what happened when my cousin Stevie's dog Betty attacked her. She makes a sound that scared everybody for like an hour. Like a scream. It's a scream. And then she gets away. So she's kind of, I respect her.

(7m 25s):
Absolutely. Just Start Screaming. That's we, we've talked about a lot of times. A lot. You can apologize for screaming. You can't apologize for having done nothing when you should have been screaming. That's right. Right. You really have, you really landed on something there. So I'm gonna rebury it. I'll, I'll let you know what happens. I'm gonna have like a little ceremony In your own yard. Yeah, That's nice. Just to like in case, since we can't find the person. Yeah. Give Frida her final resting place. Sweet Little Frida. Frida Sounds like a, like a Pomeranian name, doesn't it? Yeah, it does. Or Shihtzu. Yeah. Frida just running that house. One of those dogs that runs the house for sure. For all day, for no reason. Or she is like a real nice kind of like one of those, like a chow German shepherd mix.

(8m 7s):
The Fluffy one. Yes. Where she's kind of like fluffy and God, this Dog tiptoeing. Who is this dog? Maybe She's a Persian cat. We don't fucking know. Oh, that's True. What a frida's. A bow constrictor. And we're Like, oh, Be like, get that outta my fucking house now. So it's just been sitting, I walk by it every night. She's been sitting on my like a lawn table. Just like problem to be solved. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Gotta do something about that. Oh, I know. So hard to lose a pet. I know. Sorry. That was No, I mean, it's interesting at what's interesting, it's not me saying Yes, I'm still watching Seinfeld Season eight. It just gets better and better every episode.

(8m 48s):
Are you watching the show called Apple Cider Vinegar? It's on Netflix. Perfect. I can switch right over from Seinfeld. It's like Right. They'll be right next to each each other. Love it. Oh my God. It's a true story. It's a dramatization about a gal who just completely one of those lied about having cancer on the internet and made a career out of like her saving her own life through nutrition. Yeah. And it was all a scam. But it is a true story. It's a true story. Yeah. Wow. I have to watch that. Oh my God, I, yeah, those ones are my favorite because I do feel like it's like Sama. Yes. Which if listener, if you haven't listened to that podcast, please stop this one immediately. Yeah. And run over there. Because these stories of people like that are so I could all day long, I want to hear them.

(9m 29s):
They're just like, how did you, you started off, you had a real threat to your life. It traumatized you in some way. Right. And that, but then also something else happened to you. And That the way they describe it and this show does that, it's like you kind of feel empathy. This girl's clearly like of course does monstrous things, but you understand her initial motivations. Yeah. And that's just what you need. But then after that, it's just a whole Fucking mess. I can't, I can't imagine what it feels like to have love just outpoured toward you when you say, I have this thing. Right. They show that it's like, yeah. Bananas. Yeah. Ooh, apple cider vinegar. Yeah. Check. I'm on that. Should We get to something upbeat and funny because Yes. We got some letters, Right?

(10m 10s):
Or emails. One would call them Handwritten missives. Long hand, long form missives about how I covered the Tenerif airport disaster last week in episode 4 67. And we had all kinds of questions for pilots and airplane people. And so I guess we got some answers. I'm so frightened. Okay, I'll go first. Okay. This is called, I Promise Pilots are friendlier than you think. Hello all. I was listening to the latest episode when Georgia covered the 10 wreath airport disaster. It's a devastating case. We all study extensively as pilots. And like George said, the air traffic phraseology has now been standardized to avoid such an accident from ever happening. That's great. That's good to know. Yes. But Karen, it says, I promise we're far more patient than we seem because you said, what did you say?

(10m 56s):
I don know. It's something like, I can't Remember. You said, I think, I think pilots would've no patience for me. Yeah, yeah. And like, oh, that's right. That's right. Right. Yeah. Like they're just so organized and calm and by the book and They have next steps. Yes. They don't wanna talk to you about your My little stories. Right. Yeah. I promise we're far more patient than we seem. We're not all engineers. And as much as we take our jobs very seriously and communication is kept to the essential during critical stages of flight, I've yet to meet a fellow pilot who wouldn't talk your ear off given the opportunity. Oh, neat. That's nice. Okay. Flying is an absolute privilege and most of us are so humbled by the fact that we get to experience it, let alone do it for a living. Wow. Oh, and then it says only 6% of pilots worldwide are women.

(11m 37s):
I have had the honor of being taught by some incredibly badass female pilots, and I'm proud to have joined the ranking. We always need more women in aviation and stem in general. A little shout out to the young women listening. You can do anything, show those boys how it's done. Yes, Yes, Yes. Thank you for everything you do. You've kept me company during my many hours commuting to and from airports for training. Welcome A welcome reprieve when I need to switch off learning mode. S-S-D-G-M-N-N. Thank you. How great is that? N like was like, okay, I'll get into this conversation with you. Yeah. And all young women. Yes. Yes. And while I'm here, Let me teach you a thing about well, which is very meaningful. Yes. Because that's a person and who is a constant handler of shit.

(12m 20s):
Yeah. Yeah. May we all be Up there with the greatest. Alright, Well I have one too. Okay. I don't know what it says. Okay. Let's see. Ale. Alejandro gave us both one to read to each other. Exactly. No instructions. So Here's mine. The subject line is, can confirm Pilots have no patience for you, Karen. Then it says lighthearted two minute read. I love it. Karen, on the last episode, 4 67, you said, I think a pilot would have no patience for my personality. Oh, there it is. There's the quote. Perfect. And I can confirm you're probably right because I'm a Karen and my dad, who was a pilot for 30 years didn't put up with my bullshit either. It sounds like someone else's firefighter or father named Jim. There's a lot of these dads out there, and I'm glad we're finally talking about it.

(13m 2s):
There are no bullshit Dads. My dad, captain Craig, flew for major domestic airlines before and after nine 11, and is a real hard ass in the best way. You'll be happy to know Georgia, that pilots in general are very meticulous people and not willing to be rushed through procedure for anyone. Love it. For example, my dad does a walk around inspection of the car before he gets in all caps every single time. Oh My God. My dad does the opti when he's leaving the car, he checks every door handle. Oh Yeah. Three or four times. Just lock it down. Oh, dad. Okay. Even when Le just leaving the grocery store after running a quick errand and has very rigid rules about safety and then in quotes, like talking, this car's not moving until everyone has their seat belt on.

(13m 46s):
A hundred percent. As you can imagine, little teenage Karen and me and Captain Craig didn't always get along so well. But now that I'm an adult and he isn't teaching me standard operating procedures for making my bed and debriefing me about Friday night parties, we have a great relationship. Oh my God. Debriefing me about Friday night parties. He also makes me feel much calmer about flying. I frequently text him when I see scary plane stuff in the news, and he is the first to reassure me that flying is very safe and gives me the inside scoop on any positive changes happening in airline safety. Stay sexy and don't BS around pilots. Jana. Jana, can we get your dad's phone number so we can also text him when things happen? Please. Could We start a segment with Captain Craig called Airmail and he just like maybe every week sends us a an email that says, Hey, I listened to the last episode.

(14m 32s):
Yeah. This is what I would've done differently. Totally. And like, but here's also why you shouldn't worry and like everything's gonna be okay. Yes. I want reassurance too, not Just about air flight Yeah. Or anything. Just general Captain Craig stuff in the World. Debrief me and inform me about, And let's have some Friday night Parties and calm me down and, and we'll be there too. And let's, of course N is invited as always. Yes. And was here first. That was amazing. That was great. I love it. You guys always write in when you have thoughts and feelings. We might not read them, but We appreciate it. Thanks, Alejandro. That was so good. Yeah. All right. Should we talk about the network? Yes, Definitely. We have a podcast network. Did you know it's called exactly Right Media. And here's what's going on This Week on bananas. Kurt and Scotty are joined by comedian Shir Zamata to talk about the world's most bizarre and hilarious news stories.

(15m 17s):
She's so freaking funny. She's so cool. Over on This Podcast Will Kill You. Aaron and Aaron go on a deadly deep dive into the death cap mushroom. Ooh, God. They're good. Yeah, they're good. Speaking of toxic Bridger welcomes actor and comedian Vinny Thomas on I said, no gifts. I Have to say, that was just purely an Allison joke that I could not stop laughing at. Vinny Thomas is one of the best comedians around. Of course, we love Bridger Weger. Yes. Nobody's toxic. Nobody but everybody. And despite bridger's explicit instructions, Vinny arrives with an unsolicited gift. See what happens next. By listening to I Said, no Gifts. That's right. When you're done with that, you can go over to rewind with Karen in Georgia. That's us. Hi. This week we traveled back to September 8th, 2016, recapping episode 33 called What about Mimi?

(16m 1s):
Where we covered the Jane Mixer case alongside the co-ed killer. And we also covered the unbelievable survival story of Jennifer Morrie. So in honor of the rewind episodes, we've stocked one of our most iconic t-shirts. It's one of our earliest, our good friend Kat Solans T-shirt design. Here's the thing, fuck everyone. I meant to, to wear the sweatshirt because I stole one. You did. Because it is my favorite design in the merch meeting. And, but I couldn't find it because I think it's in the wash. Oh, no. It's available as a mug or crew neck sweatshirt. It's a great way to tell all, all the parents at pick up what you really think. And it's inspired by episode number 28 of Rewind and Karen's telling of the Terry Joe duos survival story.

(16m 43s):
Incredible. So get that mer My favorite Murder dot com. It's such a good little picture of a little blonde girl sitting on a raft by Herself. It's unbelievable. It's a, it's a total fan. Fave, just The greatest.

(16m 55s):
Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.

(17m 57s):
A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster with Squarespace's builtin SEO tools. With meta descriptions and autogenerated site maps, you'll rank higher and search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye.

(18m 56s):
Goodbye,

(18m 57s):
Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's A science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi Magnesium, L-theanine, apogen, and melatonin beams already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep, helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia, girlies like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A Nice hot drink. And you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer, yet. For a limited time, try Their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's Shop BEA m.com/murder and Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye.

(20m 10s):
Goodbye. Alright, You go first This week. All right, I'll Go first This week. Okay. This is just one of those awful stories that we hear all the time. It's one of those unfair stories about someone doing a bad thing and then instead of taking responsibility for it, doubling down and trying to evade that problem via murder. Like Selena's story that we told on Rewind recently. Yeah. You Know, this is the eternal human problem, right? Everybody does it. It's not to the person. It is a human condition of the shame you feel when you do a bad thing or a wrong thing. So you're like, I, and I can't feel the shame anymore. So what I'm gonna do right, is give somebody else this shame.

(20m 51s):
Right? And that'll work. Right? The problem is it never does. It doesn't. So today's story is about a murder that rocked New York City, right in the middle of the summer of 2020. Remember that when everyone was still reeling from the early days of Covid. So I don't remember this because I think that there was just so much going on in the news. Yeah. The main sources for this story are reporting in the New York Times and a really beautiful tribute to the victim written by his sister, Ruby Sole. The rest of the sources can be found in the show notes. So it's July 14th, 2020, and we're in the lower east side of New York City, which as you know, these days is cool. It's a desirable high-end neighborhood. A 30-year-old woman is riding the elevator up to her cousin's apartment.

(21m 34s):
Her family had asked her to check on him since they hadn't been able to get in touch with him. Always bad. The cousin that she's going to check on is named Faim Sole, and he's 33 years old. Faheem is an entrepreneur and has found really great success with several startups. You know this one, the most recent is a motorcycle delivery app that's widely used in Nigeria. He was born in 1986 in Saudi Arabia where his father was a professor at the time. The family is originally from Bangladesh, then they moved to America when Faheem was four years old. And then it's the classic struggling financially for years while EM'S father finished his PhD So he could make a like a life for his children.

(22m 18s):
That classic immigrant story wanted a better education, better opportunities for their children, and the lengths and struggles they go to achieve that. So Faheem is a born engineer and is always tinkering with things from an early age. He's one of those kids, my brother was totally like, you get a clock and you take it apart Yes. Immediately to see how it works and then you put it back together. Yeah. I was not one of those kids. Me either. No. He learns to code and begins launching little tech startups in his teens. Wow. The first one is called Monkey Do, and it's quote jokes, pranks, fake poop fart spray, and more for teenagers. Wait for sale. Yeah.

(22m 58s):
It's the, it's, yeah. It's a prank store online. Yeah. That's okay. Can I just say that The Magic Shop, it was a magic and pet shop in my hometown. Yeah. The Pet Stop. And they sold Magic And Pet Shop Magic and Pets, and they sold all that stuff in there. So there was like birds and nothing. I think the guy had a monkey for a little while. Yeah. Adrian, what the fuck? Adrian. And my sister and I talk about the monkey a lot because it was, yeah. But, and, but then basically during their like late seventies, early eighties, yeah. They need to kind of expand just that like they're not making their all their money on selling like a lizard once a week. Right. And so they start getting, remember those rubber masks that like you could get a Reagan mask. Yes. And they're very lifelike.

(23m 38s):
Yes. Like they just started all these rubber masks, Like pranks and jokes and Pranks and the gum. And my next door neighbor was a real trickster 12-year-old. Yeah. And So he was always like, would you like a piece of gum you've never seen the brand of? Right. And so that is like, I just love that because that is that age and that like what's ne what's necessary right now A stink bomb. Right. What do I wanna create and make for other people? This is exactly it. Garlic gum. Right. And it's, and it does, it's a really good indication of his personality because this is exactly what he is. Like, he's bright and funny. He's carefree, he's curious. Smart. Obviously very smart, obviously. Yeah. And the website performs really well. And he actually monetizes it with ads.

(24m 18s):
And this is when he's 13. So this is like the late nineties when shit like this, we didn't, no one knew to do stuff like this yet. Right. And a 13-year-old is co coding himself. Like I think his parents were freaked out when he got his first check and they're like, what is this from? And then he like showed them and they're Like, all right, my business, my Business Welcome At 13. Yeah. So amazingly Faheem makes enough money through these kinds of ventures to put himself through college. Wow. So that American dream, his parents had paid off. It's already happening. Yeah. In the house. Yeah. Yeah. After college he finds more success in the prank space with a playful website for generating prank calls. So clearly he's fi, he likes to have fun, but also Like find tapping into an niche where exactly what are me and all my friends truly passionate about tricking people, Prank calls, tricking.

(25m 2s):
Like, it is that thing of like find a need and fill it. Yep. Totally. So he did that. So good Faheem takes the money he earns from this venture. He wants to now steer away, is getting a little older from the prank world into more serious ventures. So then he completely pivots and does a 180. Now he's like, look, I wanna give other people the opportunity that my parents gave me by moving to the US and getting an education. I wanna give that to other people. He just completely pivots from this prank world into becoming this like altruistic person. Yeah. He wants to give other people the opportunity that his parents gave him. And So he finds enormous success with a ride app based in Bangladesh, and then with an app called Goana, which is a Nigerian motorcycle delivery app.

(25m 46s):
And it gives people in Nigerian, all these people, so many opportunities that they didn't have. Hmm. His company later stated quote, he believed young Nigerians are extremely bright and talented individuals who would flourish if just given the right opportunity. Hmm. So the Soleil family is just obviously bursting with pride over Faheem, and he's known to be particularly kind and generous. So he's 33 years old and he's close to his family. He had recently gotten his new grownup apartment in the Lower East Side. He's also recently gotten a dog, which is a Poms ski named Layla, who he adores just looks like a little husky. It's so cute. And these photos of him with the dog like smiling, he's just this like beautiful, bright smile, open face, kind eyes.

(26m 33s):
He's just this like clearly beautiful person still, despite being an adult, EM'S father checks in with him every day to make sure he's remembering to eat. Because like people, like my brother who are obsessed with computers and tinkering, they'll just work through the night. Yeah. And we'll forget to eat. Yeah. Like my mom used to have to take my brother's keyboard, computer keyboard with her to, to work in the morning. So my brother would go to school. This is like elementary school. So EM'S apartment is in a small luxury condo building with only seven units. There's no doorman and there's only one apartment on each floor. And it's the kind where the elevator opens to the apartment instead of like a hallway. Yeah. And you need a key to select your particular floor in the elevator. So when em's cousin gets off the elevator in his apartment and takes a few steps in, she makes just the absolute most horrific discovery.

(27m 20s):
You can imagine this. This Story is so awful. Yes. And I definitely remember reading about it during quarantine. Yeah. And having it be that kind of very surreal and very kind of isolated experience. Yeah. Of like taking it all in and just awful. And the headlines that they used were particularly horrible. And that's one of the things his sister says in this tribute she had, she wrote for him on online, you can read it online, that these, like she's flying across country to like identify her brother. And these like grizzly headlines are all she sees on her computer. Was it like New York Post? Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Because the cousin finds EM'S torso on his living room floor.

(28m 1s):
As she walks in, she flees the apartment, calls the police, and when they arrive, the police find EM'S head and limbs in a garbage bag. They also find an electric saw still plugged into the wall, and they find cleaning supplies. And it looks like the scene has already been significantly cleaned up, but it looks like someone's in the middle of cleaning up the scene. So EM'S family is very close knit, and they're absolutely obviously destroyed by this news. And this is the summer of 2020. So because of Covid restrictions, Ruby has to identify EM'S body from a picture, and she just didn't want her parents to have to do it. So she agrees. And she writes, quote, I began to caress his face on the computer screen with my index finger as tears poured down my cheeks.

(28m 44s):
I just wanted to tell him, I'm so sorry. Faheem, I'm so sorry. Faheem my poor sweet brother. My heart. The medical examiner finds that EM'S cause of death was from multiple stab wounds to the neck and torso. Again, EM'S building has no doorman, but there are security cameras in all the common areas. So when the police look back at this footage, they see Faheem returning to the building on July 12th after going out for a run, and then a man in a black suit wearing a black N95 mask in black gloves, who appears to be already inside the building when Faheem walks in, follows him into the elevator. And when the elevator doors open into EM'S apartment, the man in the suit uses a taser to subdue him and then drags him into the apartment.

(29m 27s):
Oh. At first, at least one police source tells the press he believes this to be a hired hitman. They believe that this person was still in the process of trying to get VA's body outta the apartment the next day when his cousin came over to check on him. But the impression that this was the work of a professional quickly changes when police realize that shortly after the murder, the killer had used one of EM'S credit cards to take an Uber to a nearby Home Depot to buy extra cleaning supplies. Mm. Surveillance video from the elevator shows the man coming back to the apartment with this equipment on July 14th, the day EM'S cousin would later come by, the footage shows him vacuuming inside the elevator. And I didn't know this, but he was vacuuming inside the elevator because there's a chip that's deployed when a taser goes off that identifies the taser.

(30m 16s):
Oh. Like a little chip. Did you know That? No, I did not. Isn't That wild? Yeah. I mean, that makes sense, right? It's like it's a weapon. Yes. Someone needs to go be able to go and find like Right what, where it was, where it happened. Totally. Like it's a weapon. It's pretty Brilliant. Then after the vacuuming, he disappears into EM'S apartment to begin cleaning the scene and dismembering the body. And then while he is doing this, it turns out that the battery in the saw runs out. And that's why the murderer left to get a new, to go to Home Depot to get new battery. And I, by the grace of God, somehow this is the point that Ham's cousin comes into the apartment to check on him. Because what would have happened if she had come in any sooner?

(30m 58s):
Any if that battery hadn't died? Oh. You know, I mean, it's like, it's a horrible situation, but you know, to look at one positive thing that that didn't Happen. Yeah. Thank God. Yeah. So then police learn something that quickly makes the whole investigation fall into place. They figure out that Heim's former assistant, a 25-year-old named Tyrese Hasil had resigned the previous year. He did. So right before Faheem realized that Tyrese had stolen $35,000 from him by setting up a bogus company and embezzling funds through payments to that fake company. Tyrese had originally been hired to keep em's, personal finances in order.

(31m 38s):
So he had access to all this information. And after learning about the theft, Faheem confronted him and then actually declined to press charges and said he wanted to work out a repayment plan with Tyrese. That was the kind of person he was. He was very generous and he was willing to like work with him. Yeah. So he wouldn't get in trouble. Well, He probably knew him as a friend. Yeah. I mean, that's a very close relationship. Totally. Well, Faheem didn't realize, or what he was possibly about to find out in July of 2020 was that Tyrese had actually continued stealing from him in a separate scheme, even after he didn't work for him any longer. In fact, Tyrese repaid Faim with EM'S own stolen money from the second scheme.

(32m 22s):
Yeah. This one involved fake PayPal charges. Tyrese had actually stolen an additional 400,000 from Faheem. Wow. Wow. So in 2020, Tyrese had been becoming afraid that Faheem was about to discover that additional theft, which was obviously much larger and probably was going to get him in, you know, legal trouble and had been plotting for months to kill him, to prevent getting caught. They find that he had made two other attempts in the recent past to kill Faheem. Whoa. Yeah. But he like that he didn't go through with them. Not that like he would've noticed. Once the police uncovered these two schemes, they realized Tyrese is the man from the surveillance videos, and he's arrested on July 17th.

(33m 5s):
So just a couple. They, they went after that quick. Yeah. Just a couple days later, he is arrested at an Airbnb in Soho, which is about 10 blocks from EM'S apartment. And according to the New York da, Tyrese had started working on the plot that he went through with about a month in advance. In June of 2020, he bought contractor bags, a Swiffer mop, and the battery operated saw. He also contacted a real estate broker asking to tour a vacant apartment across the street from Faims. And somehow he was able to make a copy of the key to that apartment and installed a Nest camera So he could track EM'S movements from across the street in the apartment. That seems really advanced. I know. In terms of that, this kind of planning, it's clearly not a crime of passion.

(33m 49s):
Right. Clearly not. Somebody like you snapped because someone was so awful to you. Right. It's just like very methodical, But also not a professional killer. So it's also very more methodical than you'd think it would be. Yeah. So then on July 13th, Tyree followed another resident in Def EM'S building at 8:30 AM and hid in the package room waiting for Faheem to leave and then returned from his run. So after the murder, he took an Uber to Jersey City getting rid of some of the evidence in trash cans there. And he returned the next day to finish cleaning up the apartment and to dispose of EM'S body. And that's when he ran outta the battery for the saw. Hmm. So he, when he came back from getting the battery, he saw the police outside the apartment and fled.

(34m 30s):
And then he went, and then he went through that night with lavish plans he had made for his girlfriend's birthday party that he was throwing. Wow. Like just pivoted and went through a party. Yeah. She didn't know what was going on, by the way. Sorry, doesn't it just, just thinking about it now. 'cause that happened so often where it's like the crime scene's there and then the killer comes back for whatever reason. Yeah. Doesn't feel like while the police are still there having discovered a crime scene, that they should be posting people like a block and two blocks away to be tracking every single person that comes and immediately goes Away or not like, or just to have a stake out and not immediately like fly In. Yes. The Nest camera up in the old Airbnb. Right.

(35m 10s):
No, that's a really good point. It Just, or should be in the future because it seems like this is a thing that happens. Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. That's a really good point. So Therese's charged with first degree murder, grand larceny, and burglary among other charges. He's found guilty on all charges in June of 2024. And in September of 2024, this past September, he's sentenced to at least 40 years in prison. Hmm. EM'S family are of course still absolutely devastated by the loss of their son and brother, EM'S sister in her tribute writes that quote, sometimes it still doesn't feel real that Faheem is gone. And sometimes it feels too precisely like the cruel, heinous and unbearable reality that it is letting me see nothing but darkness and feel nothing but piercing pain in every quadrant of my heart end quote.

(35m 57s):
And that is a story of the senseless greed, fueled murder of Faim Salay, a self-made, brilliant, kind, and forgiving young man whose family will never be the same. Good. I know. Also, I only knew about that story up until a point. 'cause you're right When it broke, it was like this awful thing. And then it was like, and then here's another bigger scarier. Right. Awful thing. And yeah, it's, And it was such a quick turnaround too. It's like they got him immediately and then it was just waiting for the trial. Yeah. Good job. Thank you. That was, that was really good. Thank you.

(36m 36s):
Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.

(37m 37s):
Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. REI Magnesium, L-theanine, epigene, and melatonin beams already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Girlies like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A nice Hot drink. And you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer. Yet. For a limited time, try Their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's Shop BEA m.com/murder. And Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start Getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye. Goodbye.

(38m 52s):
Contrary to popular belief, since the birth of man, women have also existed And yet it's so hard to find bras and shapewear that don't feel like a punishment. Enter honey love. Honey Love is an independent female founded brand specializing in bras, shapewear, and intimates designed for real women's bodies. Because All honey love products are intelligently designed by women who actually wear them. They recently launched the cross Flex bra, which is designed to support you all day from your workday to your workout. Honey Lab bras are supportive and wire free thanks to bonding technology that lifts without underwire. You deserve a bra that's lightweight and comfortable without sacrificing support. A gray bra is the foundation of any great outfits. Start every outfit with honey, love and elevate your style. Treat yourself to the best brows and shapewear on the market. Save 20% off honey. love@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use our exclusive link to get 20% off honey love.com/mfm to find your perfect fit. After You purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please show support for the show and tell them we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style with honey. Love. Goodbye.

(39m 57s):
Well, I'm going to tell a horrible story as well. Yeah. Okay. This is how we do it. Yeah. But mine is definitely very, very different than yours. Okay. And also, you might remember, it's from 2005 and it was a bit of a, a cultural moment, at least in Northern California where I was, you couldn't get away from this story for a little while. And recently our writer, Alison Nasti, reminded me of it and she sent me this article that basically we'll talk about at the end that started this, where I was like, oh, I have to cover this. I completely forgot about it. What is it? So it's March 22nd, 2005. Okay. And I'm just gonna set the scene for you, please.

(40m 38s):
President George W. Bush is waging war in Afghanistan and Iraq. Oh Yeah. Martha Stewart has just completed her prison sentence for insider trading and the Hillary Swank boxing movie. Million Dollar Baby Wins best picture at the Academy Awards. Yes. Just put yourself back there. What a Year. I had the tiniest bangs you've ever seen. Oh, I mean, just Little tiny bangs. Oh, I think I was at a baby bangs face only because I had stopped drinking. Meanwhile, over in San Jose, California, something very gruesome is unfolding. It's just before 7:30 PM and a woman is seated in the dining room at a Wendy's ready to enjoy some of their fresh hot chili for dinner.

(41m 19s):
She picks up her spoon, dips it into the bowl, and then takes what will be the most consequential bite of food in her entire life. What, as she begins to chew her mouth full of chili, she describes feeling something quote crunchy in her mouth. It just feels off. So she spits the item out to inspect it. That so-called crunchy item in her chili appears to be a human fingertip. No. Yes. Tip or nail tip. Hold the entire tip. Basically The finger is what we will be calling it from now on in this story. Holy Shit. Not just one of those. Oh, I cut the top of my finger off with a knife and it's bleeding, but it's still my finger. Like I sending message Tip.

(41m 59s):
It's, it's the top of a finger. No. Oh my God. These are the very first moments in what will soon become a national media sensation and a costly PR crisis for one of America's biggest fast food change. This is the story of the Wendy's severed finger event of 2005. Oh My God. It's, it's not ringing a bell yet. Really? Okay. No. Amazing. Okay. So the sources Marin used to research the story today are a Snopes article by writer David Mickelson and several articles from the Associated Press and from the San Francisco Chronicle, most of which were published in 2005. And the rest of our sources are listed in our show notes if you wanna go see and read.

(42m 43s):
Okay. So Wendy's San Jose, 2005 7:30 PM A woman just spits out a fingertip and is quite understandably freaking out. She starts telling the other diners to stop eating their food as she shows off the small finger. It's about an inch long. It does have a fingernail on one end. I love her type. That's not just like, Oh my God. She just starts fucking screaming about it. Stop eating, stop eating, stop eating. Good for Her. And then she rushes up to the restaurant's employees to tell them what's happened. And as she does, as the San Jose Mercury news later reports at least three people in the dining room become physically ill. Sure. So you're sitting there eating and then someone's like, holy shit, there's a finger in my chili.

(43m 27s):
And like that's totally the first time most of them had ever seen a severed finger before. Absolutely. You gotta hope You're Yeah, for sure. Yeah, you're, I didn't think about that at all. You're connecting all these things and then you're just like, and I have just taken a bite of whatever. Totally. This is horrific and I love it. Okay, good. But some of the Wendy's employees seem to be in disbelief. One patron will later tell the Mercury news quote, they told us it was a vegetable. The people from Wendy's were poking at it with a spoon. Oh. End quote. But I mean, what are they supposed to do? Yeah. This is wild. Yeah. This is like, what are, how are you even saying that this is real? There's no way this is real. I mean, I guess it could be Homi if you look really blurry, if you don't have your glasses On, hominy doesn't have a fingernail on it.

(44m 9s):
That's Very true. As far as I know. I shouldn't just say that kind of stuff. I loved it. She Really should fact Check. I'm going to someday. Okay. So it's very understandable why these employees are questioning what's going on. They, they are the ones that made the chili. They made it at 2:00 PM in the restaurant, or they assembled it. Right. I'm made is probably generous, but I'm not exactly sure. But they make it there as usual every day. So no one on the staff was involved in any accidents. No one lost a fingertip. It doesn't make sense that something that shocking is found in the chili. Yeah. From their restaurant. But not everyone was in denial. Someone in that restaurant called the police, and the police arrive alongside officials from the Santa Clara County Health Department led by a health officer named Dr.

(44m 54s):
Marty Fe. Dr. Che at seven 30 on a weeknight, he's at home Ring. Ring ring. Real Boring, getting ready for bed crossword Puzzler. Yeah. Nobody like his life. Isn't that exciting? No. Then the fucking call of a lifetime comes in. Yep. And he like puts on his half glasses. Yes. And he says, I've got a feeling that they need my services. His Wife puts his cape on his children, kiss him Goodbye. Dr. Marty Scheib is about to roll. So at his command, the fingertip is quickly wrapped up in damp G and sent off to the medical examiner's office, who is now tasked with determining whether or not it is indeed a human body part.

(45m 35s):
Next, Dr. Fester Scheib shuts down the restaurant until he and his officers can figure out what in the living hell is going on. Great. The prepared chili that's on site, which had been made at two o'clock that afternoon, as I said, is hauled off for inspection, as are all the ingredients that the restaurant has on hand to prepare any new batches of chili. Right. Yeah. So they just take all the chili fixins, which you know, are a plastic Bag. It's just, I was just gonna say that like they don't chop in fucking dice. That shit's just going from a bag to a heating thing. Right. I can't say for sure. I really wish I could call my friend Erica Sobel, who I went to high school with, and she worked at Wendy's great. For years, and she listens to this podcast. Erica, text me please if you know anything about the preparation for the Wendy's chili.

(46m 18s):
I should have thought of that. Of course. You know that people, that people listening right now are going to write in and tell us about their fast food. Oh my God. Send us your fast food experiences, the grossest ones, But especially Wendy's employees. Yes. We, we wanna hear from you in any way you would like to share with Us My favorite murder at Gmail. Okay. But I have to say this. Well, you'll see I won't give anything away right now, but, so it doesn't take long for Dr. Fester and his team to figure out that finger was in fact not severed in the restaurant. None of the employees show any signs of trauma or bleeding, and they don't find any other health or safety issues in that kitchen. Instead, the situation seems contained to that one Diner's Cup of chili and presumably the larger batch that that cup came from.

(47m 0s):
Sure. She's the luckiest woman in the world, or the least unlucky woman In the world. Yes, exactly. So a few hours later this Wendy's is given an okay to reopen. Right. No, thank you. I mean, Give it a night closer for the night And then later that night, the local news reports on this story, but it's not given hardly any airtime at all. And they end up by saying the report is unconfirmed. So it's basically just word is that Yeah. But the next day the medical examiner confirms what everyone was dreading. The object in the chili is not a vegetable or a prop of any kind. It is a human fingertip. And when that information is sent to the health officer, Dr.

(47m 42s):
Fester, he is the unenviable task of informing the public. Hmm. Because when the finger was discovered, they made the chili at two, the finger was discovered at seven 30. That means countless customers could have purchased and eaten from the same batch of Chili. No one's ever eating chili again in that town. I mean, it was truly, that is what happened for a while in northern California. Yeah. Because it was just the imprint of it on everyone's mind. That's so cruel. It is the thing of like, it doesn't, it's like once the story hits, it kind of doesn't matter. Yeah. Whether or not it's true. Absolutely. Kinda like gossip. Yeah. So Marin wrote, writes to me in parentheses, note to Karen, I haven't been able to find a source that specifically states how many customers purchased the chili that day.

(48m 30s):
Yeah. It's always in vague terms. And I'm like, no more than four. Absolutely not more. Like there's who? Nobody. No one. I bet you when the chili first came out in like the eighties, people were like, what a great substitute. But You could put it on a potato bake, bake potato. You can put it a potato, you can have it with a salad. Yeah. I think by 2005 people are just like Chili. I, I don dunno. Yeah. I could be wrong Again, Wendy heads let me know. So Dr. Fester Scheib makes a public statement where he reassures anyone who ate the chili in that timeframe from this specific Wendy's that they're probably fine since the fingertip was presumably cooked at high enough temperatures to kill bacteria and viruses. Then I just picture him being sea and popping it in his mouth to be like, it's totally fine.

(49m 14s):
Chew, chew, chew. It's Aaron Brockovich with, then you drink the water, then you, if it's so fine, you drink the water. Exactly. You have some chili from yesterday, Marty. Oh. So he advises anyone who may have eaten that chili to check in with their doctor just in case Imagine having to run that press conference. Oh, just the waves of horrified barfing. Oh My God. Oh my God. It's Just like, stand by me at the old pie eating contest. Okay. Now that a public health official is confirming the initial reports, of course then local and national news picks up on the story. The San Francisco Chronicle actually sends a reporter to the Wendy's in San Jose to interview diners.

(49m 54s):
And one woman who happens to be eating a bowl of chili when she's approached by the reporter, tells the reporter she'd heard rumors about the finger, but she assumed it was just an urban legend on The news that night. No, a Four day old. Yeah. Urban legend. That's denial. Yeah. She liked her chili. She Loves her fucking, maybe we just didn't know about Wendy's chili This week. It's so good that you'll eat it even after When you're like, probably not a finger though, right? Yeah. And Not, and they took care of it already. If, if it, you Know, that's a new batch, Why didn't they pull all the chili off their fucking the market? I Think they were like, there's no way this happened. Okay. So, you know. Yeah. Okay. So another diner hadn't heard the news at all until she got to Wendy's and overheard employees whispering about it behind the counter.

(50m 38s):
Guys Love it. Shut up. She tells the reporter quote, I actually did check my food with my spoon again. Was that food Chili Poking her burger with his food? Chili's being eaten. There's even a customer who walks in fully aware of the situation and jokingly asks the staff quote, where's the finger at? Oh. And then I just wrote in all caps, I love him. I know it's a guy and I love him. But in the first wave of reporting the story, one key detail is always missing the name of the woman who discovered the finger in her chili. Sure. She explicitly asks not to be identified or described even. And reporters honor that request. Hmm.

(51m 18s):
But of course, her identity can't stay secret for long as this story gets wider and wider and reporters find out that this woman's name is Anna Ayala, and she's a 39-year-old woman from Las Vegas who was in San Jose visiting relatives. Okay. While Dr. Fester has been trying to give the public peace of mind about any physical effects of consuming the contaminated chili, the psychological fallout, of course, is uncontainable. And he knows this firsthand because he's the one that has to call Anna to give her the bad news. He's been checking in on her since the night before, which is when it happened. But now he has that confirmation from the medical examiner.

(51m 58s):
So he asked to tell her that in fact, it was a human body part in her chili. She didn't want anyone to know like her name. Because it's the same thing when you win the lottery. Like your family's just gonna come after you for body parts, the way they come after you for money Or, or they're just like constantly like, Oh Yeah. Oh God. She chewed a finger. So he later says, quote, I had to confirm it to her that she had indeed put a piece of human finger in her mouth. She kind of lost it. Yeah. End quote. Totally understandable. Absolutly. So, within a week of her gruesome experience, Anna has completely dropped the pretense of anonymity, and now she's making the media rounds. She gives an exclusive interview to Good Morning America where she says that she's considering filing a lawsuit, and she talks about the emotional distress of the whole ordeal.

(52m 44s):
She tells them, quote, the thought of, you know, just knowing that there was a human remain in my mouth. It's disgusting. Yeah. It's tearing me apart inside. End quote. So at first, of course, there's this outpouring of sympathy for her, and of course a widespread discuss toward Wendy's and their chili. And then over the next couple weeks, Anna's story dominates national headlines. It fuels endless late night jokes, which Was The culture back then. I'm So glad. That's not really like a thing anymore. Yeah, it's, it was so tasteless. It was so con. Well, I mean, it was just expected at the time. Yeah. Yeah. It was just like, yes, this is gonna happen and it's immediately gonna be this, the joke fuel and Yeah.

(53m 25s):
You know, everything's up for ridicule. Yes. It also though, tanks, Wendy's sales. Sure. Especially in Northern California. Sure. I was there. This is the truth. You didn't need it. No. No one, everyone just was weirded out. Yeah. But Wendy's is not sitting idly by just watching all this happen. They, as a corporation, of course, are looking for answers. This is big business. Yeah. And they're not just going to sit there and be like, we're so sorry. Yeah. They make all their San Jose staffers take a polygraph test to show that they played no part in placing the finger in the chili. Wow. And then they hire their own private investigator to look into the matter for themselves. Damn, Wendy. Yes.

(54m 5s):
Most importantly, the company posts a $50,000 reward, which they'll later bump up to a hundred thousand dollars. For what? For any information about how a finger could have wound up in their chili. Oh. So they think it's fucking sabotage? Hell yes. And They're ready to pay Answers. They're like, for, what's the, what's the whole story? 'cause this seems weird. We have a lot of checks and balances. Yeah. That's one, that's one angle. Nobody, not one employee at our restaurant knows what the fuck's going on. Right. It, it was not them. No. We stand behind them now that we've polygraphed them. Right. And just FYI in 2005, a hundred thousand dollars would've been 160,000 in today's money. Damn. You need that. This is so big.

(54m 45s):
Lebowski with the toe, right? Yeah, it Is. So anyone with information is asked to call Wendy's anonymous tip line. Damn. Which their private investigator is actively screening themselves. Ugh. That was like the best gig he's ever gotten, ever To be on the Wendy's severed finger tip line. Oh my God. Severed finger tip line. Okay. So now in tandem with Wendy's efforts, there's also an official police investigation into where this finger could have come from. And there are six detectives working on this case. Ah, Can we get those on a murder case? Please? Could We have some sexual assault paid attention to? It would be great If we could get those kits tested.

(55m 27s):
Okay. But again, and I think we all know this now, in 2025, literally 20 years later, that when a corporation has an issue, that that is what's focused on this is a money making venture. And this is not thousands of dollars. This is hundreds of, this is millions of dollars probably. Yeah. So the thing is no one can figure it out. The employees at the San Jose Wendy's location have all been ruled out a deeper dive into the restaurants. Supply chain also turns up nothing. There are seven different suppliers involved in producing Wendy's chili. Not a single one has reported any recent workplace injuries. Hmm. That said, there are some clues early on. The medical examiner notes that the fingertip is not decomposed, meaning that it was likely severed recently.

(56m 12s):
He also points out that it looks torn off possibly by manufacturing machinery rather than cleanly cut gross, suggesting that it could have come from a workplace accident. Okay. And then with its neatly groomed, still intact fingernail, the medical examiner also suspects this finger belongs to a woman. Okay. This information gets the police Exactly. Nowhere. They fingerprint that a fingertip, and then they run. So, sorry. Oh my God. I almost spit that water out. They fingerprinted the fingertip Who had to hold it and touch it. And were they yelling the entire time? Oh my God. No. Karen, the medical examiner is a professional. They're professionals. They deal with this constantly.

(56m 53s):
It's not that big of a deal to them. They run those fingertip fingerprints through national databases. No hits clean. Okay. Clean record fingertip. Wendy's, meanwhile is now on the defensive. They bring their own forensic expert to consult with the medical examiner specifically on whether the fingertip had actually been cooked with the chili or added afterwards. Mm. Their analysis concludes that the finger had in fact been added later. Okay. Dr. Fester loops back into the tell reporters quote. The possibilities are still all out there on where and when the fingertip came into the chili.

(57m 35s):
So they're going to like the health department. Yeah. The, everybody's going back to the press over and over, like updates and like, here's what needs to happen now. Totally. People need to, the story needs to be controlled in some way. Yeah. With each new bit of information that comes to light, Wendy's feels more reaffirmed that they have done nothing wrong and that they're being set up. The corporation's senior vice president of communications at the time, Denny Lynch, tells the New York Times quote, someone put something in a bowl of chili, but it was not us. We don't know what happened, but we know Wendy's is innocent. End quote. So Anna Ayala meanwhile is not backing down. Yeah. Her attorney immediately shoots back saying quote, obviously something slipped through to put it lightly.

(58m 20s):
And this is a strict liability type of case. It is a product liability case, and a consumer doesn't expect to find body parts in their food end quote. So while all of that's playing out in the media, behind the scenes, the Wendy's tip line is active. And in a matter of weeks, they reportedly received nearly 300 tips. And some are so bizarre, they end up making the news. Oh my God. For example, one comes from a 59-year-old Nevada woman who'd recently lost a finger to a leopard at her exotic animal compound outside of Las Vegas. What, which is again, where Anna lives. Yeah. The woman says she last saw her finger on ice at the hospital, but has no idea where it ended up beyond that.

(59m 3s):
Someone's selling finger tips to No, it doesn't track. Doesn't, It doesn't make a lot of sense. No, not, I'm not getting from A to B. This lead certainly adds more color to an already weird case, but the police quickly shut it down because the woman's lost finger in the fingertip found by Anna look entirely different. How do you, you fucking tell two fingerprint. Come on. You want me to tell you? Yeah. They put eight fingertips in a lineup. They're all wearing turtlenecks. Which one was in your mouth? Do any of these look familiar? Long fingernail, little bitten fingernail. Little Quirky smile one's got dimples. Smile. Hangnail smile. Okay. Then a new tip is called into the Wendy's hotline Ring. Ring Wendy's fingertip hotline.

(59m 43s):
But it's not about the finger, it's about Anna herself. Anna, this caller claims that back in 2002, Anna scammed her by selling her an $11,000 trailer that she, Anna, in fact did not own. Oh, no. Of course, this has nothing to do with the Wendy's incident, but if it's true, it could maybe shed some light on the character of the person that is at the center of all of this. Okay. It's not a great look for Anna. So around the same time it comes to light that Anna had been involved in an unusually large number of lawsuits. Oh, no, you can't, we can't do that. No, no. People, people are onto you. The thing about lawsuits is it goes into the permanent record Yeah.

(1h 0m 23s):
And the public record. Yeah. And like most people have zero to one. Yes. You Hope. You'd hope. Okay. So the AP reports, quote, investigators have found 13 civil actions. Wow. Involving Aila or her children At times. It says she has settled cases for cash payouts before the lawsuits have gone to court. Yeah. That's, that's the scam right there. So now here we are also, some of these lawsuits are very shady. In 1999, for example, a car dealership sued Anna and her then boyfriend accusing them of writing a bad check to buy a car. The same year Anna sued that dealership claiming a wheel fell off of the vehicle that they had sold to her. Her case was eventually tossed out, and she reportedly never repaid the debt.

(1h 1m 8s):
Hmm. So she got a car. Yeah. Yeah. Tried To accuse them of like, the wheel fell off. He almost killed us with this thing. They're like, you didn't pay for it. Yeah. It all gets settled outta court. Okay. Now, people are wondering if fan of plan, the whole incident with the hopes of reaching a big settlement with Wendy's. Oh, now the standing up screaming thing makes a little more sense. It kind of go, then you're like replaying it in your mind. Yeah. The movie starts again. Yeah. You see the scene in a different light. You do. Suddenly it's raining outside. Okay. The police investigation and media coverage begin to shift in that direction. And all eyes are now squarely on Anna Honey, On April 6th, only about two weeks after Anna discovers the fingertip, quote unquote, police get a warrant to search her home.

(1h 1m 50s):
When reporters catch wind of this, they swarm Anna's property hoping to get a statement. And she calls out to those reporters from her front door saying, lies, lies, lies. That's all I am hearing. They should look at Wendy's. What are they hiding? Why are we being victimized again and again? Okay. Drama queen. I would like to, I wish we could hold up performances side by side and see who's more convincing. 'cause I feel like when people are cornered like this, and then they're like, no, we're just gonna double down and go bold. Yeah. Yeah. It's some of the worst acting you've always ever seen. Why Do people think that they can get away with shit like this, though? Like, they just think they're smarter than everyone, right? Yes. Yeah. But you're not. No, it's like actually kind of dumb. You think you're smarter than everybody, but also you think you're a really good actor.

(1h 2m 32s):
Yeah. You think you're a believable actor and a good Liar, which is just like, no, no, no. And yet just eight days later on April 14th, so she's like, why am I being victimized? Oh my God, everything's a lie. Oh Yeah. Then her on the April 14th, her, her lawyer tells the Associated Press that Anna is no longer pursuing legal action against Wendy's citing quote, great emotional distress. Mm. Because of the investigation and all the media Interest. You know what, I'm gonna drop it. You know what? I just, I don't even care. Forget it. I don't even like want your chili. You're, You're just being mean to me. So I guess I will give up this lawsuit where you put a severed finger in my chili. Yeah. I don't need a lifetime supply of chili. Like just, I just, I'm fine, I'm fine.

(1h 3m 13s):
Just get It. Storm out of the kitchen. You started this fight lady. About a week later on April 21st, both Anna and her husband Jamie, are arrested during a raid on their home. Shit. There's a colorful detail in the Chronicle story that covers this, where they say that Anna is reportedly watching me, the Fs on video when the police arrive. Okay. Just To really Paint that picture. That's like someone's PR was working overtime, or they're like, what movie were they put that in P paint. The whole picture. Marin included that, and she was like a useless yet colorful detail is how she phrased it. So Anna's hit with two charges, felony grand theft, connected to the allegations that she sold that trailer that wasn't Hers.

(1h 3m 56s):
Oh. Bad thing's coming back into The picture. Oh, they'll pull that right back in just to get as much stuff against her as they can. Okay. But the other one, and more importantly, is the attempted grand theft for allegedly spreading the finger hoax at the expense of Wendy's business. Her husband Jamie, is actually arrested the same night, but totally separate. He is not involved in that. As far as they know, he's arrested for failing to pay child support to his former partner. Hmm. So Anna's held on $500,000 bail, and the plans are in motion to extradite her from Nevada to California for the Wendy's fraud alone. She's facing up to six years in prison and $2.5 million in restitution, which would be worth more than $4 million today.

(1h 4m 37s):
Whoa. So at this point, the case against Anna is mostly circumstantial. Prosecutors need more concrete evidence to secure this conviction, and the biggest missing piece is the owner of the fingertip. Where Are her children? F Oh oh. I didn't even think Of that. Oh, I was thinking the fingertip belonged to one of them. Oh, Well, figuring out where it came from could be the key to proving Anna's involvement on May 4th. Another tip comes into the Wendy's hotline. The caller claims to know exactly where the finger came from. He names a man who recently lost part of his finger in a workplace accident in Nevada, who just so happens to work with Anna's husband. Oh shit.

(1h 5m 18s):
Marin's chosen to keep the fingers owner anonymous since he was never charged with a crime. Okay. So I support her in that choice. Yeah. Says San Jose police head to Nevada to question this man. And sure enough, he's missing a finger, which he explains he lost in an on the job accident not long ago. Then he drops a bombshell. He admits that he sold his severed finger to Anna's husband for a hundred dollars to settle a debt. Well, Well, you didn't question why someone wants your fucking severed finger. Look, he wants that debt off the books. I'd just be like, sure. I would fucking sell my severed finger, wouldn't you? Absolutely. Yeah. I mean, no questions asked, I guess n qa.

(1h 5m 59s):
So, but not only that, Jamie allegedly told them that he and Anna planned to plant it in food. Yeah. And according to legal filings, Jamie even promised him a cut of the eventual settlement. $250,000 as long as he kept quiet. How many night lights have they had that night though, dude, like he didn't, I, I'm on this guy's side Like I am too. The finger guy was kind of like, well, I, this horrible thing happened to me. Yeah. I don't have the top of my finger. They said they can't put it back On. I got my one 50. Fine. Yeah. I owe this guy big time. Yeah. He says he, if I just give him the finger and then maybe a little more later on, I don't know. Yeah. And then as it unfolds, he's like, oh, Jesus Christ, I have to call These people. This is, this is too messy. Thank God there's a tip line one 800 frosty.

(1h 6m 40s):
Oh my God. Call now. Okay. So now authorities soon confirm with DNA that the finger belongs to this man. So now the case against Anna Ayla and her husband Jamie, is solid. In September, 2005, at about six months after the whole saga began, the couple pleads guilty to conspiracy to file a false claim and attempted grand theft. Jamie's sentenced to 12 years while Anna gets nine, although later the nine is reduced to four on a legal technicality as a part of their sentencing, the couple has ordered to pay Wendy's more than $20 million in damages Come on, which Would be over $30 million today. But the company agrees to let them off the hook for this money as long as they never attempt to profit off of their hoax.

(1h 7m 25s):
Damn. They should have put them in their commercials. That would've been fucking hilarious. It so wouldn't have as a person who was there, as a person who was there having to kind of like grapple with this weird Like Yeah. Like I know it's not, but, But also is this, is this how We Are this vulnerable? Yeah. To just kind of Anything anyone wants to tell us anything. Okay. Even though Wendy's is ultimately vindicated, Anna and Jamie's scam cost them dearly. The New York Times reports quote the claims and the mass of news media attention it brought, caused the individual franchises in Northern California to lose 20 to 50% of their sales.

(1h 8m 8s):
According to the affidavit, Wendy's estimated it has been losing a million dollars a day since the incident was made public on March 22nd. So in a desperate attempt to win customers back, Wendy's launches a free frosty weekend promotion. But the financial hit goes beyond corporate losses business at, at this San Jose, Wendy's drops so drastically that several employees lose their jobs or have their hours cut. Oh. Over time though, Wendy's more or less moves on. So do Anna and Jamie who eventually serve their sentences. We don't know much about their lives post the Wendy's hoax, especially for Jamie, who ha returns completely to a private life, never hear from him again.

(1h 8m 53s):
But in 2013, Anna's back in the headlines that June, her 26-year-old son accidentally shoots himself in the ankle with a gun, which he is not allowed to possess because he is a convicted felon. But instead of just telling the truth, he and Anna file a false police report claiming he was shot by an unknown gunman. An officer working the case later tells a BC news quote. They gave pretty specific information to the point we actually thought we had a suspect. Hmm. We interviewed this person. We conducted various forensic testing as far as gunshot residue goes. So we treated it like the real deal. Yeah. End quote. Eventually under police questioning, Anna Sun admits that they made the whole story up.

(1h 9m 33s):
They are both arrested and ultimately convicted on charges related to filing the false report. So then again, for years, things are quiet until July of 2024 when the New York Times publishes an article with the innocuous title, Harris Narrows Gap against Trump Times. Sienna Poll finds it's a standard piece on the latest 2024 presidential polling until people find buried within it. A quote from a 58-year-old San Jose woman that catches their attention. Oh no. She tells the times, quote, I'm a Democrat, but I've changed my mind after everything that's happened with Joe Biden's administration.

(1h 10m 14s):
I mean, the border situation is out of control. End quote. That woman is Anna Ayala. Oh. It doesn't take long for people to put two and two together. A senior editor at the Atlantic screen grabs the Times article and tweets quote, the latest NYT poll writeup quotes the woman who was convicted of planting a severed finger in her Wendy's chili. Oh Jesus. And of course that goes viral. And the New York Times now fully in damage control mode issues a retraction saying quote, the times removed comments from one voter in an earlier version of this article, after learning that the person had been convicted in an extortion scheme in which she made fraudulent claims.

(1h 10m 54s):
Okay. End quote. So with that some 20 years since the first grabbing headlines alongside that quote, crunchy fingertip, this bizarre story of Anna Ayla comes to rest for now. Anyway, that tweet and then the accompanying article is what Allison sent me when she was like, Hey, and just in case, just ke, you know, keeping up with stuff, did you know that this was going on? Oh my God. And that's when I sent it to Marin and I was like, Oh my God, we have to tell this story. Yeah. And that is the story of the Wendy's severed finger hoax of 2005. I Still have so many questions. I know. Was it Actually ever in her mouth? Did she have to go through that question?

(1h 11m 35s):
Was there a crunch? I bet. No. There's no way you would do that if you Fake napkin. Yes. Yeah. Fake bidding. Fake Spining. Already in the napkin. Already in the napkin. Unless she went all the way with It. Well, you kind of got it. You know, when you tell a lie, it's best to get as close to the truth as possible. How close? How close is, Are you willing to get No, not that fucking close way. Did anyone get the award money? That's what I wanna know too. Oh, That's right. Like so many questions. Yeah. I wonder. Well, but I think the person whose finger it was, if he called the tip line, he should Get the money. No. Should he? No, He was part Of it. I was. He. He Wasn't. Think of the diners. Think of what? The diners who heard her screaming.

(1h 12m 16s):
Yeah. And began projectile vomiting. Oh. In that Wendy's dining room. Think of what they Yeah. Would want. Okay. They should get the money. Let's get them the money. I mean, Chili For us, we could Yeah. Lifetime chili. I know. Yeah. Fix it. That's how you reverse it. It's all so upsetting. Oh Man, that was one for the ages. That reminds me of one that like, if you're going on a road trip with someone who doesn't listen to My favorite murder, play that one. Play this one for them. Yes. You know? For sure. Just Like, just Do it. I mean, I feel like there was like, when we do that and just go through, it's like not just hometowns, but just like, do you remember weird stuff from your childhood? It's like that's how like thinking of those stories where I was like, I remember when this happened.

(1h 12m 60s):
And it was, we would make jokes as we would drive by a Wendy's. We were constantly at like, Let's talk about it. Yeah, Please. I don't think I ever stopped going to Wendy's Though. Why would you? It's fine. It's so good. There's no fingers. Well, that's the show, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah. Thank you guys for listening on your road trip. We appreciate you. Now that I'm thinking about it, this should I have done a warning at the beginning of this story. Oh, What about chili? No. So great. That's fine. Do you hate chili? Don't Listen. It's called My Favorite Murder. So like, if you can't handle a finger chili story, then Get out of our kitchen where we're chopping off fingertips, left, right, and center. We love you. Stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Bye.

(1h 13m 47s):
This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.

(1h 14m 14s):
This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For a liability, get a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque in towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.

(1h 14m 47s):
It's tax season. And by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers. With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.

(1h 15m 47s):
This message comes from Greenlight Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.