
This is exactly


right. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer Experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now, when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


at the Hyundai Getaway Sales event. Get deals. So right, it almost feels wrong. Now's the best time to get that Hyundai car or SUV you've always wanted. Plus, every new Hyundai comes with America's best warranty and three years, or 36,000 miles of limited complimentary maintenance. Don't Think you can get away with all that. Think again, but don't Wait. The Hyundai Getaway Sales Event is going on now. So visit your local Hyundai dealer today. It's a great day for a new Hyundai. Goodbye.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For liability, get into tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia HeartStart. That's Karen Kil. Gareth. And now we're going to podcast at you. Ready? Here it comes. Begin. Begin again. And Now Act and act. Act like you can podcast. What do you got? I have nothing. Oh, well then great, because I have plenty for you. Okay, great. Let's do it. Last week I told a very disturbing story of a woman who claimed to have found a finger in her chili at Wendy's. Oh. We'll, never forget, I mean, none of us shall ever, but in that story, I name checked my friend Erica Sobel, who I went to high school with, and as I expected, she texted me.


Okay. Because she is a, not only a day one listener, but she is a a week to weeker. Nice. Giving it to give out a different title to people. She, she texted me LOL crying, laughing face. Thank you for the Wendy. Shout out. Yes. I worked at Wendy's for years, sophomore to senior. Wow. All of high school. Her parents were those like, you will go out and get a job and learn reality. Amazing. For the the record, we had very strict food safety training. When this story came out, I knew it was obviously bullshit. Hmm. She's a Wendy's believer. Yeah. She wasn't just an employee. Like If you work somewhere that long, you can, you're gonna hate it if it sucks. Yes. You know, you're gonna jump on any story.


That's totally, that's like hooray. And she was like, absolutely not. No way. She said, as I recall, the chili was made in the afternoon. Burgers were grilled, fresh, never frozen. And we saved the patties that didn't get sold in a certain amount of time to chop up and add to a bagged pre-made chili mix. I read that somewhere too. Someone else said that of like, it's the like sad hamburgers that didn't make it onto a hamburger bun chopped up into the chili. Yeah. Which makes perfect sense. It does. They're using every part of the buffalo, which is, it is not buffalo. No. People love chili. This is so funny. Erica. People love chili on the baked potato taco salads, chili fries, Taco salad.


There's dump a big piling hot fucking spoonful of chili on it. But right onto some iceberg. That sounds good. I I did you know they had chili fries? I had no idea. No, but it makes sense if they have fries and chili. I mean, and then it says, I got a text from my murder. No cousin in Baltimore early this morning. She was dying. You mentioned my name. Oh my God. And then the very last text is, oh. And just saying, I never ate the chili. Also, when did she send that Friday? Because you didn't respond to her. No, it's, there's no response. Well, the First thing was Yeah, I saw it and didn't have her number in my phone. Oh, okay. So immediately was like, oh no, none of my business.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I am the queen of like, what's this link you just sent me? Oh No, you have a, you have a toll ticket you never paid. I don, I better pay it. Literally. Did you do that? I didn't touch the link, but the toll ticket thing. Yeah. Toll ticket thing was like haunting me where I'm like, 'cause it's, I'm always going over the San Rafael bridge when I go home. Right. And you're not allowed to like, you just have to run it. And then they send you the, the okay toll because We do the one 10 to the free to the airport. There's that easy pass. Oh Yeah. Which Is like golden. Yeah. So I was like, oh, maybe I, and I'd been to the airport recently and Vince was like, fucking, no, don't click on it. Don't go nowhere near this you guys, It's a scale.


Everyone's like, no shit. But like, yeah. They're like, But it's Like, thanks grandma. Oh. As if Like, yeah, as if like the toll place would be like it's sent from 1 3 4 at Hotmail. They told me that I have to pay my Right. Yeah. Or just like, oh, I guess they're making their employees use their personal Hotmail accounts. Right. Oh, well here, I'll answer. You Don't trust anything. You guys Trust nothing. Yeah. But, but please trust random gifts. What is This? Well just see. Okay. Karen just gave me a big gorgeous fucking gift bag with gorgeous fucking tissue coming out of it. Yeah. Okay. Really beautifully expertly put Together. Yeah. Which means you didn't, you're saying you didn't do it. That's Exactly right. If you're impressed that it looks like a wine bottle gift bag, you Paused.


Like, I'm not, now I'm not trying to instill you, but I'm saying if you Yeah, you if you said it was nice. Okay. What is this? It's a can of something. A can of Wendy's chili. Did you know they made that? No. Who Gave this to us? Allison Went and found it. Allison Nagra. Alison and Alejandro I believe. But I think Allison was the one that searched for it to See. I had no clue that they canned Wendy's chili. I'd eat that. Let's, I would eat this. And like any kind of hesitation I would have about not eating it is false is from a fake story. Right, right. Which sucks. It sucks. It's gonna be frustrating. But then yeah, you're just always gonna have toe or finger, I guess.


Yeah. And fucking chili in your mind when you can go there. I mean, I guess thought you'd really enjoy though, that you can actually get it in can't. I'm so happy for that. Thank you. I'll eat that. Anything else you that you've been looking at or absorbing? I've Been reading books. You love a book? I love books. But like, there's not much going on. Well Then let's just get into the show. Shall we? Like regular true crime podcasters. Okay. Why? Wow. That was a quickie. Before we tell you our stories, we're gonna give you some highlights from our Varium podcast Network. Exactly right. Media. That's right. So for example, this week on Buried Bones, Kate and Paul dive into the chilling tale of John Wesley Elkins, the infamous 13-year-old who murdered his father and stepmother in 1889.


Whoa. And over on Jean. Need a Ride? Karen and Chris welcome. The always hilarious and delightfully witty Solomon Georgio. Love Him. And speaking of Karen, she joins the Banana Boys this week to talk about some of the world's most outlandish headlines. How fun. And this week on This Podcast Will Kill You. Get ready for a hard hitting discussion about sildenafil the medication used to treat everyone's favorite dysfunction. Erect erectile ECT dysfunction. You did want me to say it along with you. Right? Everyone said it with me. And just So you know, we've restocked the store with all your favorite merch. Like for example, did you miss the chance to buy one of our legendary crow shirts? Well, ka ka, this is your signal that they're restocked.


Can I, can I give you the way that Allison wanted you to say it? Oh, over here it, I, I was supposed to remember it. I forgot. Oh, well ka. Well I'm glad you did it and not me. 'cause I'm not doing that. You can do a crow impression Only when not told to. Okay. You know what I mean? Yeah. I get it. Like, I don't like to be told how to crow. Totally understand. Also, get ready for summer with a stay sexy. Don't get murdered muscle tea. You can warn the followers in your life with just rudder's. You're in OC Cult Design. Those are now in available in both unisex and women's teas. There's so much going on over there. Don't miss out. Go to My favorite murder dot com.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So How do you find the perfect piece? Easy. You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user-friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look At that near dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You may love the finer things in life like soft, cashmere, silk, and effortlessly chic fashion. But your bank account probably doesn't always agree. Fortunately, We have Quince. With Quince. You can get quality Luxury Essentials without the hefty price tag, like their Mongolian cashmere sweater starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I Feel like I need to apologize to people. 'cause I have one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters in the dark gray, and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter, where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times. And I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for $50, Quince cares about us. It feels like. It's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We Should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear different ones every day of the Week. I mean, I absolutely will Give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go To Quince dot com slash MFM for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh. But the best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard Outdoor protection, SimpliSafe monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah. I turned my on even when I go to walk Cookie, like mine is always on. Right. Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't. I don't think that's something we can ask for. But I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye.


Okay, you're first. I'm sitting back. Okay. Sit on back. Because when this story was first pitched to me, and I think it was either by Marin or by Alejandra Keck, our producer, I couldn't believe, like, I think I'd heard like inklings, I guess is the right word of this story around a little bit. But I'd never like gotten the full scope of what we were talking about. Oh shit. So this story begins in France in 2020 as an online community of web sleuths is hard at work. Okay. Love them. Love it already. What a kickoff, right? Oh, so this community is in France.


They call themselves the fourth I corporation. And they're currently doing what they do best, which is combing through news reports and interviews, building out timelines of specific crimes and calling sources around the world to verify their information. Like What a dream. What a dream to do. Like fuck crocheting. This is what I wanna do with my fucking retirement. Excuse me, listener. Sorry. She did not mean that. I didn't Mean fuck crochet. I mean crochet while you do this. Yes. That's all I meant. Yes. Yes. Oh my God, I just pissed off so many fucking people. Oh my God. Etsy just exploded. So the Fourth Eye Corporation does all of this in hopes of untangling what is at that time a very murky backstory around one man, a well-known French author and criminology expert who began his career as the former owner of the Parisian Bookstore, the Third Eye.


Okay. Right. So this is the fourth Eye Corporation looking into the third eye. Got it. Like fourth generation or fourth. Fourth wave feminism. Exactly. Got it. Just like that. Just like it. And the Third Eye was known for its crime and mystery collection. So this man that owned that bookstore has built a successful career catering to the people Exactly like you and me and the members of the Fourth Eye Corporation. And many people listening to this podcast right now. But now his career has made him the focus of this group of people's research and investigations. But for all the wrong reasons. Oh, this is the story of the rise and fall of True Crime Charlatan Stefan. Oh, I'm excited.


Have you heard of any of this? Not, not a fucking moment of this. Really. No. Okay. Like maybe it'll get familiar, but right now. Okay. Uhuh. It's a fresh one. I love that. Okay. So the main sources used in Marin's research today are an article by Lauren Collins entitled The Unraveling of An Expert on Serial Killers, which ran in the New Yorker in 2022. So this is very recent story. Yeah. Okay. Also, an article by Scott Sayer entitled, what Lies Beneath The Secret of France's Top Serial Killer Expert. I get it. With lies. It's 'cause It's lying. It's lies. Lies, belief, lies. And I wonder if Lies was like in Red Lies or Italicized. Yep. Exactly. Laying to the side.


That article was in The Guardian in 2021. Both of those sources are heavily cited in this story. So thank you Lauren and Scott. The rest of the sources are in our show notes. So we'll start at the beginning, long before the fourth I Corporation exists. This is Stefan Borg's origin story. He's born in 1953, a decade after the end of World War II to very wealthy and socially connected parents. The Burgiss huge apartment has a a view of Lark, the Tri I've heard of it. And A staff and a staff of domestic servants that work at the families beck and call. Damn.


Very specific upbringing. Yeah. Especially after World War ii. I don't think a lot of people were wealthy. Yeah. Then, right. Okay. In Europe. Yeah. Yeah. True. So young Stefan describes an idyllic childhood where he bounces around mid-century Paris sometimes spending entire days at the movie theater, watching films back to back. Now when I got to that part, I was like, but they only play one movie at a time at the movie theater. It's not tv. Right. So I'm like, Is Is this even true? Back to back of one is still back to back, just Back to back of the same movie. You're just like heroin Maude again. Again. That is a great movie. Yeah. So Stefan loves movies so much that by his late teens, he's doing everything he can to break into the Parisian film world.


Okay. He's especially drawn to genre film, like horror, science fiction. And eventually he connects with the publisher of a genre zine named Elaine Schoff. So he starts writing for Elaine and the two become friends in 1975. Elaine is working tirelessly to launch a film festival and Stefan is helping out his assistant until it comes to light that Stefan is, has actually been contacting filmmakers behind his boss's back pretending to be his boss in the hopes that he can acquire enough films to create his own competing film festival Guy. Get your own ideas, get your own gimmicks.


It's almost like get Get your contacts, copy His gimmick. Right? Or is that your only choice? Like you kind of don't know what else to do. Yeah. 'cause you don't have any ideas of your own Journalist. Scott Sayer later reports quote Elaine cut ties with Stefan immediately. Stefan's festival took place, but flopped. Oh Damn. Well, yeah. You can't just do it and be like, no, mine. Yeah. My competing festival. Yeah. Okay. So this of course is a bad look and a bad move also in genre film. It's not like all of film. It's very specific, I would imagine a smaller set of people.


But Stefan shakes it off and heads to the US hoping to break into Hollywood once here he reportedly gets some work writing pornographic films. I Bet that was so easy back then. I mean, they are very plot driven and can be a lot like Memento at times where you, it's so, Am I coming or am I going? Literally, is it linear? Is anything linear? Are you The pizza man or the plumber? Those are the two choices. Yeah. When he eventually returns to France, he comes back with what one friend calls stars in his eyes about the United States. He's also got suitcases stuffed with comic books, memorabilia, and countless stories of meeting actors and directors.


But Stefan also returns with a much more tragic and disturbing story. He tells his inner circle that while he's in the US he meets and falls in love with a woman named Elah, the French pronunciation of Helen Elah. Then one day while he's at work, Elah is murdered and as Stefan tells his friends, quote, cut up into pieces. What year is this? Around 75. Okay. Hmm. Stefan says he was the one who discovered her body. Oh my God. He's around 30 years old at the time. Okay. So of course this horrible, devastating and traumatic event that happens while he's alone in a new country.


Sure. But despite all that, Stefan starts working at a local secondhand bookstore, the Third Eye. And he loves it so much that he soon buys it outright and basically becomes his own boss. The third Eye bookstore is a hub for people that are into true crime and genre fiction in Paris. Ugh. Can you imagine? No, there's gotta be a cat. Tell me There's a cat. There's gotta be a cat and an array of scarves and berets that you would kill for Smoking indoors around all the paper. Oh. Oh my reeks. Did you the new and who would be the question? Good one. Thank you So much. Finally using my French education of two years St.


Vincent's High School. So Stefan is such a fixture in the shop that he inspires a few writers to create characters that are kind of based on him. Nice for their books. He also becomes a go-to translator for books written by famous English language crime and horror authors like the author Robert Block who wrote Psycho at the time. Stefan is earning a reputation for his truly impressive and encyclopedic knowledge of serial killers into the 1990s. The people around him start noticing that he's becoming borderline obsessed with the topic. Scott Sayer writes that quote. Initially, his friends found it amusing, or at least inoffensive, but it soon grew tiresome.


He spoke of nothing else. Wow. End quote. I can't talk shit on that. Can I? I Mean, there is no judgment here, but only in this one small part of the Story. Yeah. But it's interesting because the concept of serial killers basically kind of broke In the late seventies when Ted Bundy, like there were some big stories that broke. Yeah. There was spree killing, there was multiple murders, but they never understood actual, the way we understand them today. Serial killers, Which I think has to do with the team from Mindhunter. Right. Going in and basically trying to, as the FBI study them and talk about it and be like, there's something here to Right.


There's a pattern. There's a difference between a spree killer and a, a serial killer And a crime of passion right there. This is a different thing and we need to delineate these are people that are planning. Yeah. And doing it for a totally different reason. Totally. Which was very compelling. I mean, that is why that whole genre kind of came up in the eighties and nineties the way it did. Yeah. But in the early eighties and nineties in France, basically that conversation hadn't really come to the cultural four yet. Of course, France had its own history of sadistic and repeat offenders, but the idea of serial killers being their own category of criminal that can be profiled by law enforcement hadn't hit the mainstream yet.


Okay. So Stefan is arguably on the forefront of this type of thinking. In France years later, a prosecutor will tell the New Yorker that quote, he was one of the first people in France to say that serial killers weren't only in America. I Sure. So Chan is dedicated to this budding obsession. He's known to record newscasts about murders, accidents and natural disasters, which he keeps in an ever-growing VHS collection. Weird. He also a masses, pictures of corpses and cadavers that he likes to show off to guests. No, thank you. Not in the least, but I do wanna remind the audience listening, especially the younger people.


This was right the time before YouTube, the time before the internet. Yeah. There was a kind of like, especially in the standup comedy world, it was seen as underground. Yeah. But it was essentially like, here's the things people aren't talking about. Or here's the things that people, you know, that is taboo in some way. Well, Well, I say I, I rented faces of death multiple times. Right. What was the blood on the asphalt? My boy high school boyfriend and I, we just fucking sit and watch on a Saturday night. Right. So I have nothing to say Until it was organized in this way where it's like, it's actually, you're not like the worst person in the world for having this curiosity about what is taboo and scary. Right. And horrifying in our world.


Yeah. Like as human beings. Yeah. So I'm saying you're not, at the time though, society said you absolutely Are. Absolutely. Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. So Stefan has this unnerving habit of telling shocking and disturbing stories about murder in social setting. No, stop. It just, you can't do that. We learn. We've learned that. We've learned that by doing it. By doing it. That is starting a podcast about it. It's our origin story, truly. For sure. But for example, Stefan like to tell how his mother's first husband was decapitated by Nazis. Jesus. So sometimes we're just trying to make a connection with other people quickly. Yeah.


And efficiently, you Know, and we don't understand social cues and that's understandable. Yeah. And you're kind of looking for people who are like, this is horrifying. Are you also like compelled yet horrified by it? Are you my people? Are you my people still? I'm like, if I was at that dinner party, I would be like, this isn't what I'm, this isn't my interest. No. But it is Stefan's interest and he has found it. And he figures soon he would like to figure out a way to combine that, this interest and obsession with his first love of cinema. And in the early 1990s, after Silence of a Lamb comes out and is like a, basically a worldwide hit, it feels like this is the right time to produce a documentary about serial killers.


Okay. So Stefan reaches out to a, a film producer named Carol Karenge. So this will mostly be Carol's project. But she's excited to work with Stefan because he is becoming known in certain circles as a, basically a budding expert in this topic. And they seem, the two of them seem in alignment on their tone of the movie. They do not wanna sensationalize serial killers. Instead, Carol says, quote, we wanted to know if over time these killers had come to understand the harm they'd done if they'd questioned themselves. Interesting. Okay. Yeah. So during the production of this, the crew travels to the United States first to Quantico, where they managed to land an interview with famous profiler John Douglas.


Wow. And then down to Florida, where they're given access to interview two convicted serial killers. I bet you can guess one of them. Ted Bundy. No Close though. Who's the one that loved Talking Odds Tool who basically confessed to every murder. And we don't even know if he was a serial killer. Right. No. The other is John Gerard Schaeffer, who I literally just covered recently. He's the cop that was, that actually started killing young women. Right. Remember him? Yes. A hundred percent. So those are the two interviews that they get in Florida. Then they go to California to meet with Ed Kemper. So if you wanna hear me cover John Gerard Schaeffer's story, that's episode 4 46.


The title of that episode is I'm Michael Kane. Do you remember that? Yes. O Toole gets covered in George's story about the disappearance of Adam Walsh in episode 2 42, which is called Spoil Orama. And Ed Kemper is covered in episode 39. Wow. Early episode 39. Yeah. Which is entitled Kind of Loco. So Ed Kemper specifically seems like the perfect interview subject for this film because they're interested in whether or not these murderers have come to question what they've done. And as Scott Sarah points out, quote, Kemper was thought to have grown exceptionally introspective and regretful.


He could provide the analysis that they wanted. But Carol's too scared to meet with these killers in person. Definitely Never would want that. No. In my life. So she and Stef write out the interview questions together, but when it comes time to go and meet in person, Stefan and a cameraman are the only ones that go into the prison. I also think these killers would talk and have a different experience with a woman that isn't as entirely authentic. And I just wouldn't, I wouldn't go there. Absolutely. Yeah. So Carol gets the tapes and then listens back to these interviews. And when she does, she's horrified to learn that Stefan went completely off script and in the worst possible way.


No, He was not remotely interested in whether or not these men had come to regret their actions. Instead, he asked them inappropriate salacious questions that seemed designed to produce the most disgusting answers in the most detail possible. Oh No. For example, he repeatedly asks Ed Kemper about his quote, fantasies of decapitating women. Carol also learns that Stefan brought several copies of a very violent book that Schaeffer wrote for him to autograph. No. So this documentary is eventually completed with the title and investigation into deviance. So he's like fanboying over these serial killers.


Yes, exactly. Okay. And Carol just never talks to him again. Good for her. She will later say quote, I saw Stefan change when he had the killers in front of him. It was as if he was sitting across from his idols. Yikes. Yeah. Ooh, that's so chilling. When she was listening. That's a movie itself. Yes. Yes. It's like her finding out this person, Oh my God, yes. That she's supposed to be like co-producing a documentary with Traveling in a foreign country with and Oh Yeah. So Carol cuts him out of her life. But this behavior does nothing to slow Stefan's rise shortly after an investigation of Into Deviance Airs. And while he's still working in French film and tv, Stefan publishes his first book on Serial Killers focusing on Jack The Ripper.


He'll spend the next two decades publishing more than 70 true crime Books. Too many books. It's Take a break. So many books, learn How to crochet. We're Back. I'm just so Yep. From now on. Smart. I'm so hard on crocheting. You're Like the most positive. Crochet Positive. I'm just gonna crochet when I'm podcasting for the rest of my fucking life. Stefan's becoming the go-to expert on criminology in France. He isn't just writing or working on documentaries anymore. He's now giving talks to law enforcement officials, analyzing high profile cases on TV shows and positioning himself as a serious authority on how serial killers operate.


If He was a woman, it would be fine, you know? But it's, there's something, 'cause I clearly know where this is going. Oh, for you personally. Yeah. I thought you were being sarcastic. 'cause it's like, this is such a great example and it reminds me of the staircase of the blood spatter expert. Yeah. Where there's so much assumed no one asked the question. Right. I'm sorry, how did you become an expert on something? Right. Where Did you get your education? Where is this coming from? Yeah. And because now you're on TV telling experts Yeah. How to do It. It's nefarious. So at the time, Stefan seems to have the credentials to back it up. He claims to have personally interviewed dozens of the world's, most notorious serial killers and name drops.


Some of the most notorious, like David Berkowitz and Charles Manson. And sometimes he shares harrowing stories from these encounters. For example, he says, John Wayne Gacy once grabbed his ass during a prison interview. Hmm. And that during his conversation with Angel of Death Killer Donald Harvey that you covered at our live episode one 10, our live show in Columbus, Ohio. Wow. Yes. We've done, we've done all of them. We've Done a lot of shows. Yeah. We have. So Harvey murdered dozens of patients working at as an orderly at a hospital. Yes. Stephan claims Harvey confessed to 17 additional murders when he talked to him.


Hmm. So he got him to confess. Yeah. The way experienced detectives and investigators Could not, could not, He even claims the FBI respects his expertise so much. They invited him to an exclusive training program at Quantico where he learned the ropes from John Douglas himself. He's confusing it for silence at the lambs. He's, He's confusing everything. Yeah. Like his whole life with everything he's ever read. Yeah. Which is very much like, oh, you and your little bookstore. Right. Reading all this stuff, absorbing it, loving it. And you need to be part of it. Yeah. And then becoming part of it. Yeah. So for years, no one publicly questions any of this expertise, but there are people in Stefan's private life that don't believe anything he says.


Friends will later tell writer Lauren Collins of the New Yorker, that the Quantico training program, for example, triggered rounds of knowing laughter among us, because we all knew it was absolutely Bogus. Oh shit. Yeah. Then there's also the issue with the story of Ellan, the woman he claims he was dating in the US who he claims he found brutally murdered for years. He's been privately sharing this story with friends and family. They are skeptical, but of course who's gonna question a story like that. Right. And there's no internet to fucking look that shit up on anyways. Exactly. So they're like, mm. But okay, Stefan had never shared it publicly until the year 2000.


Yeah. See, a guy like that would've shared it publicly if it were true. Right. Like he wants as much credit as he can. Yes. There's no reason to keep it quiet if you're like that much of a narcissist. Right. And there's no way that a narcissist who loves like serial killers had that experience. Right. Right, right. Because without talking about it Publicly. Right. Exactly. Without going wide and being like, now I wrote a book and now I did this thing. Me. Yeah. So now that he's a well-known by the year 2000, a well-known expert in serial killers, okay. He starts to claim it is Alan's murder that got him interested in this topic. And then he has a picture that he shows off of the two of them together.


But he doesn't have his own story straight in some media appearances, he'll call her Eileen saying she was his wife, not his girlfriend. Later she'll be downgraded to quote a very close friend. So this story also seems suspiciously one dimensional when he salacious notes that he found her body quote, mutilated, raped, and practically decapitated. Oh my God. End quote. And that her killer was ultimately caught in currently sitting on death row in the United States. Other than those two facts, he doesn't have much to say about her as a person. Yikes. Got like the jinx vibes.


Yes. Right. Completely. Yeah. Somehow, despite those discrepancies, the story only adds to his popularity and credibility in the field. Right. It more or less explains his eccentricities and it turns him into a sympathetic character. Like this is why he's so obsessed, which he is stealing from Dominic Dunn. Right. But I mean, like, it didn't happen in that order, but Dominic Dunn having to go through the murder of his own daughter and then write about Yeah. The crime, you know, for major publications is it's, yeah. All these things are, everything is like stolen here, stolen there. Yeah. And why would anyone catch it? Like most, most, like day-to-day people have not had an experience like that.


So when they hear someone talk about it, they wouldn't be like, why would you make that up? It sounds awful. Yes, Completely. Stefan even starts communicating with survivors of violent crime. Lauren Collins notes quote, they saw him as a kindred survivor, someone who could be trusted to treat them with integrity because of his personal experience. Wow. But it turns out everything about Stefan Berg's life and his career is worth scrutinizing. And in a particularly troubling example of his questionable character, Stefan uses his reputation as the bereaved loved one of a victim to meet a woman named Dina. S Dina was just 14 years old when she was abducted and raped by a man who would then go on to murder seven women.


Oh my God. So she, as a 14-year-old girl, escaped the clutches of a serial killer Jesus. Her trauma from this attack, of course, I'm sure was Yeah. Manifested in a million ways. But one of those ways was a very intense fear of spiders, which somehow Stefan learns about her. He invites her to dinner at his house one night, and when she arrives, he begins showing her graphic crime scene photos. And then at one point, as a funny joke, puts a plastic spider on her shoulder, Dude fucking straight to jail. Right. Dina will later say quote, I was paralyzed. And he was laughing.


I think it gave him pleasure to mess with my mind. Ew. So I don't know if we're dealing, I don't, you know, we always love to. I love to for sure. Yeah. Analyze and like diagnose people. Totally. To me that is sociopathic. Yeah. That is goes beyond, that's Closer to psychopath. Yeah. Too. Let's, if we're gonna diagnose someone, let's go all the fucking way. Let's Do our famous double psych diagnosis of sociopath, psychopath, because they're, They can't, they could get more at us. They all the same for another diagnosis. You know, they're gonna be mad at us for one diagnosis. We might as well fucking go all the way. Slap 'em all on there. Yeah. And just being a jerk. So also just that horrible thing of you have basically lured Yep.


This woman there, because she thinks that like there's she, you're a famous person, you're an author, whoever. You're gonna spend time with this person and talk about what they've gone Through. Yeah. You've wanted to be with this person. It's a thing of like that every fucking woman has ever experienced of like, oh shit, I trusted the wrong person and now I'm in their home apartment. Yes. Their, whatever it is. It's like, oh no. How do I get myself out of this? And then when I am so paralyzed and horrified that you put a plastic spider on My shoulder, you know my fucking vulnerabilities so Well, 'cause you're A, then you just say, it's only a joke Monster. Right? Yeah. Come calm down. Ugh. Monster style. Yeah. Yeah. So a few years later, Stefan publishes a graphic novel featuring Dina's story of her assault.


Nope. No, thank You. He does it without permission, without even warning. And what she takes legal action, she get actually gets the book pulled from the market, but the damage is done. Dina will later say quote, it was like being defiled a second time. Oh be, but that's not the end of Stefan's troubling behavior. And I think this is maybe a step up. So he is a big bolster and a big bragger, and he starts bragging that he somehow managed to get a hold of John Gerard Schafer's remains What His crem remains, I guess. And that's the serial killer whose autograph he got, right? Correct. So basically Stefan claims that after Schafer's execution, that he somehow managed to get ahold of his remains Like, Like UPS was like, here you go, And you've got a hookup in the what?


Like, what are you talking about? You need to sign For it. What The fuck? Any jail that would put someone to death would not be like, and I guess would just be real free and easy. Right. You'd think it would have to be the close Next Of kin. Next of kin. Thank you. Right. Okay. So he says he has them And he starts teasing that he's going to give a small portion of those remains to anyone who buys his new book. Oh dude. That's disgusting. So still, and despite this, Stefan enjoys a mostly positive professional reputation. I think it also points to what a strange time, especially the late the nineties, In the late nineties where that was when like John Wayne Gacys paintings started getting really popular.


This Is what was going on before we started this podcast. I feel like even up until then, where it's like we are not into true crime the same way that other people are into true crime. Yes. I think it just shows how, how different the obsession was. And I think what everyone assumed you and I were obsessed with, when really it was something totally different. And Thankfully this podcast has shown that. Right. Thankfully, the whole trend of true crime kind of coming to the fore and basically being like, instead of following the story after the fact, it's much more, why are we talking about this in the first place? Right. So we're now, it's 2019 and we are several decades into Stefan Bogans career. Okay. And so 2019, someone makes a French True crime Facebook group, and someone on that Facebook group writes a post basically arguing that Stefan Burgis while pro prolific is a bad writer with questionable talent.


And then they go further and they basically cast doubt on his entire background. Who is It? We never find out? Hmm. Although, and then I wrote, surely the arguments ensued. Right? Yeah. 'cause that is what Facebook is for. Right. Fighting with bots. And so from there, basically 30 skeptics begin a separate private chat to dig deeper. And this is the, basically the beginning. This is where the fourth eye corporation is born. Got it. Because at first these web sleuths suspect plagiarism, so they start combing through Stefan's books to crosscheck them against English language sources. Okay. So they have to do this like in a different language.


Yeah. Because the thinking which is so smart is the language barrier would make it easier for him to steal from other people's books. Totally. They also spend hours pouring over Stefan's writing, reaching out to people who he claims he's collaborated with, contacting the prisons to verify his supposed jailhouse interviews and scouring the internet for recordings of lectures and public appearances that he'd given throughout his career. Oh man. Fact checking is a bitch. I mean, and there's, so it's, it's decades of a career to fact check. Yeah. The fourth I corporation eventually concludes that isn't exactly copying and pasting other writers' words. What he's doing is stealing their life stories and passing them off as his own life story.


Yeah. As one very disgusting example, he claimed he was once splattered with maggots and body parts while visiting at a crime scene as a helicopter lifted off nearby. What there is a grain of truth to this story, but it's the account of a renowned South African forensic psychologist who it happened to. And that South African forensic psychologist is a woman named Mickey Pistorius. Mickey Pistorius is actually the aunt of Oscar Pistorius, the famed Olympian who murdered his girlfriend. Yeah. Which is very odd. And those things are weird.


Really connected. Yeah. Yeah. The point is, it did not happen to Stefan. He only read about it. Yeah. Okay. So members of the Fourth Eye Corporation are now looking for anyone who can confirm any of Stefan's jailhouse interviews with notorious murderers, which is what he's built his entire career on. They believe that Stefan, who claims to have interviewed around 80 murderers, has actually spoken with less than 10. Some of the, his details in those conversations also seem ripped off. For example, when he talks about meeting Charles Manson and David Berkowitz, the stories are suspiciously similar to John Douglas' stories. Yeah. And what he wrote about in Mind Hunter.


Right. When members of the Fourth Eye Corporation reach out to John Douglas to confirm whether Stefan was trained at Quantico, Douglas replies, quote, Bois is delusional, and an imposter guy was spicy. Fuck. I love that guy. I know. I know it's good. But he's basically just like, no, that's all bullshit. Yeah. Then there's Stefan's story about the woman who was murdered, or Eileen. He called them both names. Members of the fourth I corporation pick up all the bread crumbs that Stefan has left about her, where she lived when she was killed. The idea that her murderer is currently on death row. They scour records to find a victim and a convicted murderer who fit all of the timeline, all of it.


And they cannot find anyone this loose. Eventually conclude there is no Ella and or Eileen as for the photo that Stefan has shared of the two of them together, the S sleuth believe that the woman in the photo could be an adult film actress named Dominique St. Clair, who Stefan may have met while he was working in porn in Southern California. That that suspicion has not been confirmed one way or another. This Lume also find out that Stefan does not, and has never had John Gerard Schaeffer's remains in his possession. A weird brag.


Yeah. Not true and weird. Like, good, I'm glad that was a lie. For sure. You know, because what a disturbing fact that would be if it wasn't. Yeah. So these are just a few of the things the Fourth Eye Corporation members end up digging up. There are way too many to mention today. As one fourth eye member will later tell the New Yorker quote. As soon as we started looking, we found more and more inconsistencies. In any case, in 2020, the fourth I corporation takes their findings to the public. They post YouTube videos that debunk Stefan's background and expertise bit by bit. They also reach out to different French media outlets hoping to spread the word as the New Yorker puts it.


Quote, Stefan's story wasn't so much a house of cards as a total tear down. Yikes. So obviously this is a major PR crisis for him. He's quickly able to get the fourth Eye corporation's video taken down by filing some sort of a copyright claim. But by now the word is spreading. And French reporters are starting to pick up on the story. About a month after the fourth Eye Corporation drops their bombshell report and not long before the Coronavirus shuts down the entire world. Right. Stefan announces he's shutting down his Facebook page. I'm out. Yeah. Forget it. Yeah. Everyone's rude. He claims this is to quote, devote himself to the most important project of my life.


End quote. He does not specify what that project is. And then in his sign off, he suggests that there's a conspiracy against him, but he never directly comments on any of the allegations brought by the fourth Eye corporation before long journalists are reaching out to give Stefan the chance to explain his side, but he keeps digging himself into a deeper hole. On one hand, Stefan acknowledges his flare for exaggeration and says quote, I'm sorry that I lied and exaggerated things, but I never raped or killed anybody. Jesus. That's your fucking bar. I mean, that's the bar you're setting. Yeah. Does that is not relevant in this conversation, sir.


Yeah, that's a big yikes. At the same time, he starts changing the details around the La Eileen story yet again. He now claims she was a bartender in Florida named Susan Brest, who is indeed the victim of serial killer Gerald Stanno. But as Lauren Collins of the New Yorker will soon report, quote, the dates of Vicar's murder and her killer's arrest didn't align with the Eileen story. And even a cursory glance at photographs of the two women reveal that except for both having blonde hair, they didn't look much alike. Okay. This is his most egregious and disturbing lie. And the fact that he tried to cover it with a real woman's murder will be his final sociopathic Hail Mary move.


Now it's 2025. Stefan Bergo has lost his credibility and lives a mostly quiet life in Western France. He has made some media appearances in the last few years. He still seems to be trying to explain himself, but as filmmaker Ben Seow, who recently made a mini series on this scandal, puts it, Stefan's story is a cautionary tale about living a lie in the internet age. And of course trying to deceive hard boiled marinos. That's not, that's not what he actually said, But, oh, that have been great. But Hard boiled true crime fans. Yeah. Internet sleuths. Yeah. The like Cell cow says this quote, it's not hard to build something fake, but it's much more difficult to have it persist.


Where Stefan is unique is the endurance of it. 40 plus years. It'd be harder in the modern era with the amount of research available at our fingertips, the amount of skepticism within the true crime community to have such an enduring con, you can rise, but that Icarus fall comes sooner. But certainly people are gonna try. We are in the era of scams and that's not going anywhere. Yikes. And that's the insane story of disgraced serial killer expert Stefan Bogan. Fucking never like heard a peep about it. Crazy. Right? Yeah. So wild. Ugh. It's like the motivation is just so confounding, you know?


Yeah. The kind of like, it'll be okay if I just say this one thing I, or I need to involve myself more or, or it's not legitimate somehow, or like, but like why would you want to put yourself in those shoes? Yes. It's yeah. Ing. Fascinating. Yeah. Great job. Thank you.


Spring is just around the corner, which means it's time for a spring cleaning. I hate spring cleaning. Why can't it be spring? Avoiding whether You plan on doing stuff or just laying around your feet. Deserve to be comfortable with Bombas, Bombas. Socks, slippers and underwear are designed for next level comfort. The Secret is they're high quality fabrics like Marina wool, which is soft, warm, and breathable. And for all your other spring cleaning chores, Bombas has the cushioned arch hugging pairs that'll keep you comfy while you spruce up the house. Okay. This is really embarrassing, but I was hanging out with some girlfriends the other day at one of their houses and I almost said to my friend, wow, those socks are cute. Where are those from? And they were Bombas like, I didn't say it 'cause I was like, calm down about socks. And she's also a nursing new mom, so obviously comfort is very important to her. Yeah. Like that says everything you need to know. They Really are. It's weird when you talk about socks being comfortable and then you wear Bombass and you're like, there's the the arch support I've needed this whole time. Totally. And Bombas is going international. Enjoy worldwide shipping to over 200 countries. Head Over to Bombas dot com slash mfm and Use Code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. Bombas dot com slash mfm And Use code MFM Goodbye. Goodbye


Spring is in the air Fresh flowers, crisp mornings, that first warm breeze through an open window. It's the time of year when everything smells amazing. And thanks to Pretty Litter Your Home Can Too. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight, low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ships free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean, a huge thing of kitty litter shipped to your door alone is an amazing convenience and perk. But then the fact that Pretty Litter helps you track your cat's health and make sure that your cat is doing okay as it like takes care of odor in your home. What more do you want? Yeah. As someone with an older kitty cat and looking at you Mimi, it is like such peace of mind to know that if songs are on her kidneys, I'll know immediately instead of like months in the future when she shows me some other sign. Pretty Litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free Cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You know, I love the idea of cooking. Wait, is there a second part to that? No, I just think cooking as an idea is really nice. Oh, Well, hungry Root can turn your idea, Karen, into reality. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionists all wrapped up into one. They take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored to you. Shopping, planning and cooking Food really can be simple and stress free. Just tell them about your goals and preferences and they'll fill your cart with personalized recommendations that get smarter as they learn more about what you liked or didn't Love All of Hungry Root's recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less. Being able to make something in 15 minutes or less is quite a claim. My thing about cooking is it takes so much work, it takes so much prep and I'm not that good at it anyway. So it never feels worth it when you get to the end. But Hungry Root makes it feel like it was all worth It. It does. And you're gonna love Hungry Root. Take Advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to hungry root.com/mfm and Use code mfm. That's Hungry root.com/mfm code MFM to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry root.com/mfm code mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay, so this story is totally different. Great as It should be. Yeah. This story is one from the kind of dark underbelly of British history. Oh, this is one that I think you're gonna like because it could totally be like a series that you'd watch. Okay. A British, what are they called? Procedural. Yes. It's Got British stuff going on. Can I say that anymore? So this infamous heist captured the nation's attention and kept everyone guessing for 50 years. Oh. This is the story of the biggest rail heist of all time. The Great Train Robbery. So the main sources I use for the story are reporting from Smithsonian Magazine, the British National Archives, my favorite archive, and the British Transport Police Archives and the Guardian and the rest of the sources can be found in the show notes.


I guess my favorite archives are the British Transport Police Archives. They've gotta be up there. They're so, they're just, they're dated, they're times, yeah. Like if you're gonna be an archive junkie, like you say you are. Right, right. You've got two, you've gotta put them on the top three for sure. I mean, it's, what do you want? Transport? It's there, British, it's there, police stuff there. Right there, right there. And so this is one of these stories. Great. From those archives. Perfect. Here we are. It's 3:00 AM on August 8th, 1963. And we're on a British male train heading from Glasgow, Scotland, which we love to London. The train is nearing the end of its 450 mile journey, which usually takes about five hours and it's approaching a red signal or like a stop sign stop signal.


Near the village of Chettington, just darling, which is about 30 miles north of London. So this train is called the traveling post office. It's not just carrying mail from one place to another. Most of the trains, 12 cars are actually full of postal workers who are actively sorting letters and packages while in transit. So think like Santa's workshop, but Postman and fucking mail. Yes. This is the efficiency of this idea. Yeah. Is amazing. Like don't do it in the warehouse and then put it on the train. Do it on the fucking train. Do it on the train. Fuck warehouse. It's mail. It just keeps coming. It's always gonna Be there. Were they always on the train or the one special trip? No, This is a normal thing.


This is like how this train, the mail train worked for Sure. So there could be a person that be starts working at the post office that's like, I'm obsessed with trains. And it's like, guess what? You get both best of both worlds. Right, Bro. Okay. Okay. Except for this, this night. Oh, right. Is not a good night. Okay. Okay. So they're sorting, they're actively sorting letters and packages. Well, in transit. And at the very front of the train, there's one additional car. So there's 12 cars and there's one additional car holding high value cargo. Most of this cargo is fucking stone cold cash. Great. On an ordinary day it would be carrying around like 300,000 pounds, which would be worth about, let me tell you. I'll tell you this one and then you can guess the other ones based on this.


Okay. So 300,000 pounds normally, which in today's money and dollars would be 8 million. Oh shit. So a lot of fucking money. A ton of money. But this is the first journey following a bank holiday. One of those British fucking bank holidays, which just means it was closed the day before. So a lot more cash is built up. This particular train is carrying about two and a half million pounds, which would be worth Fucking 30 million, 71 million. Fucking Dang. In today's US dollars. Okay. Probably not next month's. US dollars or next year's. US dollars. Look, We can't look to the future anymore. No. Only the past and only in England.


So we do, it's Called escaping. And this cash belongs to several large banks, blah, blah, blah. So the red signal at Chettington is unexpected. 'cause it's supposed to, there is a like, you know, a signal red and green like go or don't go, obviously. And it's usually supposed to be green, but the train sees that it's red. And so it slows and comes to a stop. And the train's co engineer, a man named David Whitby hops out to see what's going on. Why is it red? When he gets to the signal, he sees that like a, just a regular old glove is actually covering the green light and the red light is hooked to an external battery making it light up when it otherwise shouldn't. Right.


Still doesn't totally understand what he's seeing. And So he heads over to a call box to call the rail line to ask what's going on. And that's when he sees the lines to this phone box have been cut. And then someone grabs him from behind. Oh, and the heist begins. The Heist is on. Yes. So the person who grabs him says, if you shout, I will kill you. And then several other men materialize, all wearing knit masks. They walk David back to the front of the train and reboard with him. And the trains engineer, a man named Jack Mills, actually tries to put up a fight, which like, it's not your money, bro. Don't put up a fight. Yeah. But we know that now What year was It again? Not that it's his fault. 1960.


63. 360 360 3. Okay. So he tries to put up a fight and then one of the thieves, and this was totally unplanned. And they, they did not have guns at all. Like they were not there to shoot the place up or kill anyone. One of the thieves then brutally beats him. Mm. Jack Mills, the weapon he uses is sometimes described as a wood cudgel, sometimes as a rubber kosh, and sometimes as an iron crowbar, which is kind of like a club like weapon. But regardless, Jack suffers a head injury. And once he's subdued the group of thieves buying the, the two engineers together, like kind of warning them, like stop fighting. Like some of these people are crazy. And it turns out there's 15 hijackers in total.


Oh shit. Yeah. Okay. So like one of 'em Gotta be a little, Little Off. Little mad. Yeah. Little Maybe Seen some shit been around the bend. Yeah. So the thieves then detach the first two cars, which is the high yield car. And the engine from the back 10 cars where there are people sorting mail, they don't even know what's happening. And the plan is to get these two cars kind of down the line. But up front the thieves are having trouble operating the train and getting these two cars to fucking move as they're supposed to. One of the robbers had apparently practiced on an engine, a train engine, but it was a different engine. So he, it's like different Model Bottle rocket.


It's like, I've never tried to pick this lock before. And it's like, well, Yeah, It's a fucking lock. Right? You said you could pick locks. Yeah. You have to be generally good at like a hot wiring things. Yeah. And more than one thing, Not just your one kind. Right. So the thieves actually have to revive poor Jack Mills who had just been fucking beaten, unconscious and tied up and they're like, Hey bro, sorry about that. Can you show us how to drive this train? This poor dude Was Jack Mills like go to hell. No. I mean, I think he fucking figured out not to fight with them. Yeah. And then in the meantime, other members of the group start working on entering the secure high value car.


So the high value package car is secured by iron doors, which once shut and locked can only be opened from the inside. And the cargo in the cars is being guarded by four men, but they're unarmed. The iron door is the only security precaution and the, but the thieves are able to use these fucking tools. We don't know exactly to breach the doors and open the cars. So, sorry. They just had four guys in there like warning people against like, you don't wanna be in here. Yeah. But they didn't do guns back then. You know, nobody did. And I don, they do there, but Some judo expert, like, can't they get anybody that's gonna Yeah. If they don't use weapons. Oh, right. I'm just saying why have guys in there. Totally, totally. Then just like let them go work on some other part of The drink. Yeah. Give 'em some pepper spray or something.


At least Something, right? Yeah. So exactly. You're like, why aren't these secured better? And actually by 1963 when this happens, some of these high value mail cars had been equipped with alarms, but the ones on this particular train are older and don't have that technology. And that is one of the many clues that will ultimately point to the thieves having had some kind of inside help from someone in the postal service. Right. So after breaching the door, three of the thieves come into the car, two holding clubs, one's holding an ax, which is like, I wouldn't juujitsu add a guy with an axe. Yeah, no. You know, It's too W ax is a as a weapon, hand to hand is too wild.


Yeah. It's not a fair fight. They're followed by more men, all of them wearing masks. And they immediately subdue the four guards and push them to the back of the car. And while this is happening, other thieves are still at the engine. They get the train moving and they move at about a mile further down the line where their getaway vehicles are parked. So all of this happens really quickly, like within 10 minutes. And once they stop the train again, the thieves then form a human chain quickly unloading 120 sacks of cash from the car to the waiting land rovers, their getaway cars. Then the masked thieves tell the workers in the car to sit and wait for 30 minutes before calling the police. Then they drive off into the night.


At the time, those like 15 ish thieves had no idea how much cash was in the bag. It's only when the dust settles and the investigation begins that it becomes clear that the total that they had stolen had been about 2.5 million pounds, which would be worth about 71 million in today's money. Oh my God. So the fact that the thieves told the trained personnel to wait 30 minutes actually winds up being another clue that the investigators can use. The case is assigned mainly to Scotland Yards flying squad. They're named because they fly between London's boroughs to solve major crimes. And since we're talking about fucking episodes, we've covered shit on before.


Sure. So I talked about the flying squad in episode 4 46. I'm Michael Kain when I covered the Hat and garden Jewel heist that happened decades later. Just a legendary episode on this podcast. Yeah. So lots of heists, lots of Michael Kain, the Most Michael Kain you could get in a podcast. What more do you need? So as soon as the flying squad are called to the scene, they are like, well, if they told him to wait 30 minutes, only 30 minutes, that means their fucking hideout is probably close by. So they knew they'd be off the roads in about 30 minutes. Mm. So the press learns about this story very early on. The brazenness of this heist causes a huge sensation. And remember that this is post-war recession era England.


So people are actually like cheering them on and kind of excited. It also reminds 'em of an old school like gangster caper from the 1920s. Yeah. You know? So I think people are like, good for them. Yeah. Go take that money. Get that money. Redistribute that money, please. Yeah. Steal the money from the banks they stole from us. We don't care. Yeah. Okay. Right. So on August 13th, five days after the heist, the investigators get a break when a farmer calls to report suspicious activity at the farm next door, about 30 minutes from the train in Buckinghamshire, England. He's seen people coming and going. Which is weird because the farm's supposed to be put up for sale. So you gotta never underestimate a nosy neighbor.


Like they'll, they'll talk Especially like a country style. Yeah. Where you, you kind of need to keep an eye out because there's like a quarter of a mile Right. Between you and anywhere. It's Better to hide in an apartment block it seems like. That's right. Where like people mind their own fucking business. That's right. And people come in and out every day and you'll never see them again. They see masks all the time. That's right. Or if you're wearing a ski mask, why don't you just go to a ski resort and hide there? Oh man. The pandemic was great for people doing heist properly, right? Mm. It was great for people who had just gotten Botox and needed to cover their bruises. I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't know from experience, but No, you're not pulling that exact example for any specific reason. Nope.


So when police arrive at the farmhouse, it's deserted. But there are signs that people have been there very recently and left it in a hurry outside the house. Police find many empty mailbag next to a three foot hole and shovel. And they also find the getaway land rovers parked on the property. So like they were tipped off and fucking ran. What? Sorry? Just the, no, the visual. Like, so they went and put all their stuff in a hole and then the cops were coming. So they went and dug, dug it back outta the Hole. Yeah. They're just like, empty these bags quick. Oh shit. Hurry up inside the house. Police find more clues. It looks like the group was gonna stay there for a while. That's what their plan was. And there's an old school photo of like, you know when you see like what people buy at the grocery store in, in fucking England in a week.


Like what family spend? And it shows you like they have that Yeah. Of this and I love it. So There's, I love those. So there's some cans of beans. Yeah. For breakfast. Yeah. They love eat beans. What else? They love beans, toast. So they need some bread. Yes. They need sausages. Yes. Just to blink some links like drape 'em all around the kitchen. Right. And here's a part of that. So the fridge and the pantry are totally stocked and most of the H surfaces had been wiped clean of fingerprints. Smart. They found a fingerprint on one thing You didn't name because I don't think a potato, no, not a potato. I think British people would be embarrassed about this. A bottle of ketchup. Oh, British people don't like ketchup. Or do they only not like ketchup on fries.


Oh, they don't, they don't normally eat ke or they didn't. Right. Traditionally Ketchup's embarrassing that you got caught via a condiment that like is it, I don't know. I just, it stuck out to me It should have been malt vinegar. Yeah. It Was like something like, you know, brown gravy or something. Like That's more them. Yeah. It's like of course ketchup fucking told on you. Yes. Like loud mouth American ketchup was Like, right. We've never liked you and here you are. What about over here? Fucking snitch. But imagine how glorious it would've been if there was just like one thumbprint on a potato and they found it. Can you thumbprint a potato or you fingerprint a potato? It would implicate all the other people that either touched shop for or farmed that potato.


Right. And the potato, because it's got kind of a thumb printy. Okay. And a personality. Stop it. The other fingerprint they found is from a game of monopoly. Yes. And they think they were playing the monopoly with real money. The real money they had stolen. Just like classic. That's Classic Thieves. I'm so sorry to say. That's a great celebration of your heist. Yeah. Now we play monopoly with real money. Totally. Yeah. Totally. So these fingerprints lead police immediately to a suspect named Roger Corddry. He had just rented an apartment in Bournemouth, a town on the southern coast of England. And when he's arrested, police realize that he's hiding a car key in his rectum. Oh. Oh no.


Oh hey. The key unlocks a car that holds his share of the cash. It's just like an like nobody gets away. Like this is an immediate, I hate to tell you this, like some people have some luck here and there and I'm gonna tell you all about 'em. But like that's just an immediate, It's a key shit Show. Yeah, exactly. And actually this relatively small amount of money is most of what winds up being recovered from the heist. So actually not a lot of money is ever recovered. Oh, well then it is successful in some ways it's, they All split it up. Who knows what this guy, Roger doesn't give anyone away. He does not snitch. I mean, if you're gonna put a fucking key in your rectum, you're not a snitcher. You are Ready to get the job done for the job at hand. Yeah. Yeah. However, from the fingerprints and knowing who works with who, police quickly arrest 11 other people.


When they piece everything together, they learned that the mastermind of a whole robbery is a career criminal named Bruce Reynolds. And word of wisdom that they're all career criminals. So fine. And Bruce is fucking in the wind. No one can find him. He seemingly left the country. However, most, although not all of the thieves are charged, convicted, and sentenced mostly for about 30 years. Hmm. While police are still working to track him. And two others down, among those who are caught in this initial sweep is a man named Charlie Wilson. So after being sentenced in April of 1964 to 30 years, he escapes prison. And this was a big sentence back then for them.


Especially 'cause they didn't use guns. Yeah. So like, I think there, there were example, like you can't, you know for sure You can't. Well 'cause it's post office So you can't That's a federal. Yeah. I'm assuming here it is. Right. So over there it probably is. It's like a tough on crime kind of a thing. Right. And don't think that you're gonna get your friends together and start heisting. Right. 'cause we'll really make your life hell. But He escapes from prison. When a gang of three men break into the prison and get him out, there's a couple prison breaks going on Out outside in is a pretty badass prison To break in. It has to be easier than breaking out. Right? Yeah. I don't know. I mean, yeah. I guess maybe. Well Charlie escapes to Canada with his family is recaptured four years later because his poor wife like finally calls her parents at home.


'cause she probably misses them. Mm. But guess whose phone is tapped? Yeah. Those parents. Like that Sucks. You can never call your like parents again. Yeah. That does suck. And it's also such good policing on Right. Their on Scotland Yards part. Thank you. Scotland Yards part. Yeah. Like Liverpool's, what it called because Yeah, of course. Of course. For the, so four years later Yeah. There's still a tap. Yeah. I wonder when. Yeah. You gotta, It feels like here they're always like, sorry, we did it for 48 hours by Totally. Yeah. Totally. So they're able to track Charlie Wilson down, he's put back in prison and eventually he is released. He moves to Costa Del Soul in Spain, which is popular with British criminals because of a lapsed extradition treaty.


And eventually he's killed there by a hitman in 1990. Oh My God. So let's give a movie about his life. Please. I feel like the movie is called Sexy Beast. Right. Even though it might not specifically be Right. That's such a good movie. Well, Charlie isn't the only member of the gang to escape from prison. A year later, in July of 1965, a man named Ronnie Biggs scales a prison wall and manages to escape basically in the back of a garbage removal van. Mm. And this guy, the more I read about him, the more fascinating he is. Ronnie Biggs. Yeah. Ronnie Biggs didn't give a fuck. Yeah. There's a photo of him in his wheelchair at the funeral for one of these guys as an old man giving the like two finger Fuck you. What? What? He's An old man. He looks like he's from The Exorcist and he is giving a fucking middle finger, a British middle finger fight Like hell, Ronnie Biggs, He's good Fight like hell.


So He, once he escapes, uses some of his money that he had made from the, the heist to get plastic surgery to change his face. Amazing. Then he, Jesus, I know he travels all over and then he ends up in Brazil where he gets married and to like this young stripper and eventually has a son. And in Brazil this makes him exempt from extradition. Wow. But I think they were actually in love 'cause she fought for him the rest of his life. I believe it. They sound like a, just like a firecracker couple. Yeah. Okay. In 1978, he does the vocals for a sex pistol song called No one Is Innocent.


However, I have to say that Johnny and Sid had left Sex Pistols by then. So like how, how was sex? You know? And it's also sounds like your British dad trying to sing a sex pistol song at karaoke. It's not okay. You know, it's fine. Yeah. But it's not. Yeah. What producer thought that concept was gonna really Right. Get it. Get him a hit. But I think the, the point was like he was a celebrity. Like everywhere People knew people Loved him. Yeah. So in 1981, a British group of ex soldiers tried to bring him back to the uk, but because of this legal loophole, he's able to return to Brazil. He lives fairly openly like a celebrity until 2001. And then he returns to the uk. He's an old man, he's re-sentenced.


He serves time until he's clearly about to die. And he's released and dies in 2013 at the age of 84 without ever showing remorse. Yes. Hence the British. Fuck you. He just didn't give a fuck. And sorry, do we think that his cut of the money is somewhere? He might have spent it all and that's why he came back to the uk? I don't know. He was like, Yeah, what? There's ran out and I Had my fun. Yeah. I don know. I dunno. So I had mentioned this guy, Bruce Reynolds, who had just taken off and was in the wind. Mm. He spends the first six months after the heist moving quietly around in England, waiting to get a fake passport. Then he flees to Mexico where his wife and son join him and they live in Mexico and then Canada until 1968.


And then their money runs out and so they return to the uk. Bruce is arrested in 1968 and is sentenced to 25 years in prison. Bruce is, this is just a rando like note like you had in yours. Bruce's son, Nick is a member of the band Alabama three, who wrote the song, woke up this morning, which is the theme song for the Sopranos. Oh, What? Just randomly. That's a great piece of trivia. Oh My God. That's trivia night at your local pub that we just fucking gave you. Yes, that's right. So you owe us a pint. And Also that's an intense trivia night. That's the deepest deep cut where It's like, but someone knows that. Okay, first of all, do you know Ronnie Bigs? Right. Okay. Someone on your team.


That's why you have to have diverse team. That's right. People you wouldn't hang out with in normal life. Yep. Because they know weird shit and they won't stop talking about it. That's right. About music. That guy will get you a free pitcher, But also just like valor. Yeah, true pub valor. Yeah. And you appreciate it. You're cool. Yeah. So years later, Bruce Reynolds will say that he was motivated, of course by the money, but also he wanted to do something big and stunning. And he'd been inspired by the 1950 robbery of a Brinks truck in Boston. And he said, quote, we wanted to do something as spectacular as that. We wanted to draw our line in the sand. It's the same madness I suppose that drives people to Biac on the north face of the Iger end quote, which basically means set up camp on a fucking mountain that you just like to like It's an adrenaline, it's an adrenaline rush.


Yes. But instead you're getting money instead of frostbite. Yeah, I know what I would fucking Pick. I know for sure. Yeah. Wait, which one frostbite? No, Absolutely Not. Exactly. I also, I don't Need to lose a toe. Have you seen these feet? They're my fucking money maker. All that up. That's your safety net right there. Exactly. But also it's that idea I think because there is a romance to it and there is that kind of like, you know, we, they didn't have guns. They weren't there to hurt people. They Weren't supposed, no one was supposed to get Hurt. It was, we've all seen the movie. Yeah. A thousand times. We're just like, we're gonna do one last one. Yeah. We're gonna get that money. We're gonna, we're gonna get our cut because we know that in life, it's not like we're gonna go back to school and get a new Job.


Yeah. And no more small time, you know, street criminal. Let's fucking do something big. Yeah. And get it. Yeah. So eventually Bruce Reynolds and a couple of the other crew members who had initially evaded capture are caught and sentenced. So in the decades following the Great Train Robbery, there is one enduring mystery, which is who was the person on the inside who helped the gang know which train to strike because of that, that thing that the bank holiday having twice as much money as it was supposed to the next day where to strike it and how like, and you know also the, the train that didn't have alarms on it, like they had, there was an insider for sure.


And this person only ever communicated with three members of the gang, which is smart. All of them who claimed not to know his name and everyone referred to him either as the Ulsterman or the Irishman. Ulster basically means Northern Ireland. Yeah, you knew that. You're so Irish. I knew that. But then when I went to call dairy dairy, I looked at the map, said London Dairy and everyone, You lost your Irish Passport. I lost every anything that I've ever had. And I think about it constantly. And when I see clips of the show Dairy Girls, it makes me go, because it's happening again. It's all happening Again. Yeah, no, I feel it. I feel you. But not this time. Nope. It's all different now. 2025 baby.


But however, it's also a term some Irish people take issue with. So Like Ulsterman Ulsterman. So yeah. Yeah. Fair, fair warning. I'm Jewish. Leave me alone. Okay. It's not until 2014 that the identity of this insider is ever revealed. So it's at this point that another of the gang member, a man named Gordon Goody who had served his sentence, he was like off the grid. He would not talk to people. He's living a quiet life in Spain, a countryside with his wife and five dogs. He's like, I don't wanna talk about this anymore. But he comes forward eventually in a documentary called A Tale of Two Thieves. So this guy, Gordon Goody says that the insider who helped them, basically he gives the documentary filmmakers as much information as he has and they're able to track down this person.


The only information he has is because when he was one of the three thieves going to meet this insider to get information from him, and they had met in Kensington Garden in London. It was a warm day. And this insider went to go get everyone ice creams, which is like so darling, right? Yep. But he dropped his glasses case and Gordon Goody said when he picked them up, he saw the name of the insider in the glasses and always remembered it. And so the documentary makers hired two private investigators to search through like who had worked at the post office back then, you know who had that name and the name was Patrick McKenna.


Mm. And who looked like what Gordon Goody remembered. And so they were able to find this guy named Patrick McKenna, who had been 43 at the time, who was older than most of the crew. He didn't, he wasn't on the train, he wasn't one of the robbers. He just gave them information for money. And by the time Gordon Goody comes forward, he's like, Patrick McKenna had already died So he doesn't like feel terrible about it. Right. So when the documentary filmmakers reveal this to Patrick McKenna's family, they are flabbergasted and also like, well he wasn't, he didn't have money. He wasn't a rich man. He was a quiet churchgoing man. He like simple life. He didn't even have a car and he worked at the post office until his retirement. And so they're like, well maybe he felt guilty and donated the money to the Catholic church.


Hmm. Maybe the money got stolen from him. Like that is a mystery of like, what was Patrick McKenna's motivation and what happened to the money? Wow. Which like, ugh, to be his grandchild. I Know. Tell me everything because That's what I think of all these heists where it's like the people that get away or you never hear about it again. Yeah. It just means that there's like some apartment Yeah. Somewhere that Doesn't know it Has on the, like on the east end of London. Yeah. Or they know fully and it's just like we don't spend this Yeah. In any weird, showy way. No, it's just like you just pull down a gold bar, you bring it in. Yeah. Or you get it changed out. Right. And you very evenly and calmly, slowly don't Be flashy. Flashy is so obvious.


No. Especially when you like live a, you know you're a post office person and then suddenly you're driving a Mustang like, yeah, come on Guy, just break it down. You can't get that in 20 years. You can't get, can't get in five. No. Now the other mystery is who of the 15 person gang beat the train engineer Jack Mills later most of the thieves will say that they didn't agree with the decision to beat him so brutally. It was not in the plan at all. And they were, and they very much regret it. Jack Mills survives his injuries and mostly physically recovers, but he's clearly traumatized. And then he sadly dies of leukemia in 1970. It's just like tragedy after tragedy.


Yeah. And Gordon Goody doesn't snitch on the guy, but basically by process of elimination, you're able to tell which of the thieves beat him. But there it's nobody that I've talked about today. He says that Jack Mills getting hurt was his biggest regret from the heist and that those he's been in touch with from the heist in the decades since feel the same. He says quote the fact the driver was hurt. That's the thing I regret. Nobody was going to get hurt. We were gentleman robbers when Jack Mills fell and hit his head. We all looked out for him, which is like, did he hit his head or did he get hit in the head? Yeah. Right. Did get his head beaten in. Right. Charlie bandaged it up for him and Tony gave him a cigarette and sat with him.


We knew it changed everything. I was choked, choked. End quote. Oh. But other than that, goody has no regrets. And that is the story of the biggest rail heist of all time. The Great Train Robbery, they Got away with it. Oh, I like that story a lot. Who would you cast in it? We already know. I mean Pie in the sky because It feels like they were, if if the one guy was 43 and he was the oldest. Yeah. Then we get to go into a full, is Palm Mescal one of the leading people? Well, We got Irish and English people. So like we can kind of Take from Hi Barry Kean, Kien baby. What's his name? Ke Ke Keegan. Oh.


You know who'd be Kegan? I think Kegan. Yeah. Something like that. Who'd be good as Andrew Garfield? No. You know the hot priest Andrew Scott? Yes. Just put him anywhere. I don't care where, let him let him be on the flying squad. Like that would be hot. Let him be the 43-year-old. That's like the voice of reason. All the boys, you've got the youngsters. Totally. Except he dropped his sunglasses case, you know? Right. Can you imagine? I'm gonna go get some ice creams. He's the type to get ice creams and he is the type that actually writes his name in the sunglass case. Yeah. Like that little patch of white words. It's like it found please return to shit. And he's like, I might be a, a major criminal, but I'm also kind of a nerd. So go ahead and return these glasses.


It shows what a mastermind he is. That's Right. That's right. Wow. Meanwhile, I won't put my name on the suitcase tag that you absolutely need. If you wanna get that suitcase returned when the airline has lost your suitcase. Or you can put an air tag in your suitcase. Oh. And keep track of that shit yourself. Oh, that's true. Right? I Don listen, we're giving you all kinds of tips. We're telling you how not to get scammed. We're Trying to teach you how to get away with a Great Train Robbery. And we wish you would. And we wish you a merry Christmas. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye. What Elvis, do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production.


Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana sce. Our researchers are Marin McClain and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder. Goodbye.


This is LaVar Arrington from two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to out less and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun in sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all inclusive package to Ocean by H 10 hotels. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, Yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.