
This is exactly


right. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer Experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now, when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


at the Hyundai Getaway Sales event. Get deals. So right, it almost feels wrong. Now's the best time to get that Hyundai car or SUV you've always wanted. Plus, every new Hyundai comes with America's best warranty and three years, or 36,000 miles of limited complimentary maintenance. Don't think you can get away with all that. Think again, but don't Wait. The Hyundai Getaway Sales Event is going on now. So visit your local Hyundai dealer today. It's A great day for a new Hyundai. Goodbye.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I Force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia Heart Star. That's Karen Kil Gareth. And today we have some very special guests to show you. They are luminaries in the True Crime Podcast space. You probably know them from their work on the Amazing podcast, the Opportunist. And now they have a brilliant new podcast that's gonna be living right here in our little universe of exactly right media. It's called The Knife, and it premieres on March 27th. We're so excited to have Peisha Eaton and Hannah Smith here with us. Yay. From The Knife. Yay podcast. Yes. Woo. This has been so thrilling, so exciting. We finally gotta tell everyone, and now you're here on the Network.


Welcome. It's the best feeling. Yeah. We're so excited. So excited. Yay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. When you guys came with this idea, we were, it was like a hard Yes. Immediately, of course. What made you guys come up? Like what was your, 'cause you came off the opportunist, you still wanted to do true crime, but this is like kind of heavier, darker stuff. Like what made you wanna get into that, that world a little more? Yeah, So, you know, we had a lot of time doing the opportunist to sort of think about what it is that we like about the stories that we're telling. And we spent a lot of time focusing on these bigger, seasoned stories where we're interviewing eight to 10 people, which is, you know, fantastic and a, you know, and a great way to tell stories.


But patient and I would talk a lot about an interview that we did with like one victim of a crime that would stick with us, and we would end up having to cut so much of that in order to serve this bigger story. And we would talk about like, but this could be a story in and of itself. This could be an episode. And so when we decided to do a show together, we thought about that and wanted to do like more personal, intimate and more in depth stories with people whose lives have been impacted by a crime. And so that we can hear the whole story from the incident all the way through the aftermath and just really sit with those stories and give them time and space.


Yeah. Yeah. It became really apparent that when someone was the victim of a crime, that crime was then like, what's the word? Reverberating throughout their life. Even when we would talk to people where something happened 10, 20 years before, it was like still just so recent for them in a way. And that felt really powerful to us. And also just the freedom to tell stories that weren't in such a specific lens, like on our last show, which was really cool, but also left us with like, we'd send each other articles and it's like, oh, it doesn't fit the show. And we didn't wanna be bound by that anymore. And we just thought, I wonder if Karen and Georgia would hear this pitch.


Yes. And we were like, hell yes. Hell yes. Well, Hannah, when you were on My favorite Murder, I think it was like three years ago, or wasn't that Covid? Oh my God, It's, that's a long time ago. A Blur 25 years ago. That was one of our most popular episodes. Oh, of course. I have listened to every episode of The Opportunist, which I know you also produced and worked on too. So, yeah, I mean, you guys, the second Danielle was like, oh, Hannah Smith and Pat Eaton have a pitch pitch. We're just like, the answer's Yes. We don't if they have a podcast about popcorn, the answer is yes. Oh, well that was our next pitch. We're so happy to hear that.


Yay. Yeah. Yay. I glad we pick this one. Yeah, exactly. We're Going hard for kettle corn. Yeah. Ooh, Dude. Very controversial. Did You guys meet on the Opportunists? Is that where you first started working Together? We Did, yeah. Yeah, We met on the opportunist. Yeah. I emailed the CEO of the company that thought that, you know, oversaw the opportunist, owned the, that show. And I was like, I wanna work in podcasting, but I've never done it before. Like, would you, can I interview on something? And I ended up getting an associate producer interview on the show. Didn't get it. Yeah, That's right. Oh, Hired, I was like, no way. No, I was Not. I, yeah. I thought I did not make the decision, But know, persistence is everything.


Yeah. And yeah, from, from then on, I, so I joined The Opportunist in April of 2021. Yeah. Yeah. And so I, I did the first season, So you came on season two and, you know, I had been, that was like the biggest break of my career at that point. I'd been working in podcasting since 2017, and I had also been thinking a lot about like wanting to creative partner. You know, I worked, I'd been around people that had creative partnerships, had really like, you know, envied that and, and hoped for that. And Paige came to start working on the show. And even though it was like her first foray into podcasting, she'd worked in film and television a lot. She's, you know, a great writer and was doing this career transition, which is something that I had also done into podcasting a few years before.


So it just, as soon as we met, it was like, oh, we're both like on this same trajectory and we're fascinated by the same kind of stories. And it was just this instant sort of feeling of like, Oh Yeah, we're, we're gonna be making things together. And so it's just so exciting that now we're doing that with our own show. It's real. Yeah. I Love that. It's the best thing ever. Yeah. Yeah. When I first started working with Hannah, you know, I was just an associate producer and I was like, can I just start giving feedback on scripts? And so I was really comfortable with that working in scripted tv. And so I was just like, here, Hannah, here's an alt for all your narration. Just take it or leave it. Yeah. And eventually it was like, yeah, okay, I like that. And from there, you know, the show was a success and we were like, we wanna make something else, but we don't have any time.


And then all of a sudden we did, Hey, yeah, I love that you guys have this like, perfect, this combination of the like podcast, like wanting to be in podcasting and then the pandemic kind of overlapping and it's just this like, really cool, I don't know, like this like drive that you both had that just, you made it happen. Yeah. You made, and it's just so impressive. And like, I'm, it's so cool. It is. I, I was gonna ask, you got rejected the first interview I did. Would, did you go back immediately? Like, I would if I, yeah. Didn't get, I remember interviewing at The Warehouse when I was 17, and I didn't get the job, and I'm still still really upset About it.


I, you know, I was like, I, I wanted the job and I remember being disappointed, but I also still had a job at that point. I was working at a production company that was under a, a pod at Warner Brothers. And I, I wasn't in like, okay, I need a job right now. Which was helpful, but I also, you know, at that point was like, there are other podcast jobs and so I started applying and I didn't get those either, But it, It gave me hope. 'cause at that point, podcasting was like, you know, there was this boom that happened. Yeah. Because especially with the pandemic, being able to make things remotely was everything. You can't do that in tv. Right. And so I just kept applying and actually someone from that company reached out and I interviewed again and, you know, desperation and I got the job.


Yes. But you had experience by then. 'cause you did the really cool thing of just, and I think this is, we can totally relate to of just like, well, then I'm gonna do it on my own. Yeah. And you did that and, you know, prove your point that you are like, this is where you should be. Right? Yeah. It was like this moment for me of, I had tried really hard to like, make it as a TV writer, and I had been in a couple of comedy rooms and that was so exciting. I was a writer assistant, then I got my first credit and I'm in the WGA and then nothing. Right. Yeah. And it, that was just, you know, I, I wanted more control over being able to like, get a job if I was working really hard and getting better at it. And so podcasting gave me that. So yeah, I found a missing persons case. I spent all my extra time working on it, and I just kind of taught myself how to like not be offended when someone hangs up on you and Oh my God, asks the right questions and like, find people's information online.


You guys are so good at that. I'm so impressed. And it like, makes me sweat listening to you guys talk about like, cold calling people. Yeah. But you both do it in a way that is like so kind. You don't spring things on people. You don't have that everyday like predatory thing that some Journal Yeah. We're not trying to like get people. Yeah. We're not trying to Gotcha. We can get some information out of you. Yeah. You know, we really want people to feel comfortable and open up to us, but it does mean you have to get a lot out in like 20 seconds before they're like, I think this might be a spam call and hang up on you. Yeah. Yeah. My area code is like Maple Valley, Washington, and they're like, excuse me, who you live in Los Angeles, click.


You think that helps that it's like Washington. It's not, you Know, only if it's someone in Washington, but sometimes it is. Yeah. It's, it's a, I think it's just you have to get a little more comfortable with being hung up on people telling you not to call back and just accept that, like, that's their prerogative and it's part of it, but most of the time people will hear you out whether or not they agree to interview. And that was something that was really exciting to me. I'm like, I get to just be nosy. Yeah. Yeah. This is unbelievable. I love this. But then when those interviews actually take place in your first episode, in your interviewing Darrun about her attack, there's this amazing part when I was listening to it for the first time, where she's speaking for a while and, and getting people to really talk about these experiences is I'm sure a very delicate thing.


She's talking and talking and then you ask one quick question. I was like, she's there, Hannah is there. So you're, it's like you're not directing it, you're not interrupting or anything. Like clearly you are leading that conversation in this way where you're allowing people to kind of open up to you. Is that, how did you learn that skill? I don't know how I learned that skill. I think like, maybe, I'm not sure. I mean, sometimes our interviews go for a very long time, and sometimes I'm like, well, maybe if I were a better interviewer I could really accomplish this in one hour instead of two and a half. But I just think like listening to people being able to like, you know, just create that space and let people talk about an experience that they've been through that sometimes is like very traumatic and, and hard for them to talk about.


But one, one thing we've also encountered a lot is that, you know, especially like a lot of times when we'd interview people who'd been scammed, they would say things like, wow, you know, people in my life knew that this happened to me, but like, no one's really taken the time to sit down and just let me like tell the whole thing. And that feels good that we're able to let people do that. We're able to hear their story as well as share it with the world. And yeah. I mean, that's a meaningful thing to me. So, yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I Mean, before we do an interview, we, you know, do a, whatever amount of research makes sense for that story and have questions prepared.


And sometimes we ask two of these questions because the, they get answered on their own. But it's really like, what is something that we think is really interesting about this person's story or their, the way that they reacted to something that happened to them. And so those kinds of questions are always top of mind when we're listening. But I think it's also, we tell them before the interview, like, we want this to be your story. We're gonna help guide you through telling it. Because, you know, jumping around through time, oh, I remembered this thing that happened and we wanna be there to help them, but, and make them feel comfortable. But you know, we try really hard to just keep it as authentic as possible.


Yeah. Yeah. You guys have some really, it's a hard job. Your first episode with Darrun is so, I mean, emotional. It's this awful attack that she, I mean, fought back like a badass, but experienced are like, tell us more about the season and then the episodes that you guys are gonna be doing. Is it just kind of more of these incredible cases? Yeah, I mean we have, you know, that's part of our drive for doing this kind of show is all manner of stories. And you know, we have people like Darrun who, you know, they're on a, a morning run and something awful happens to them and they're fighting for their life. And then there's the aftermath of that. We have people who are in a domestic violence situation with a spouse and the complications of that because you own a home with someone, you have children with someone, and how do you get out of that situation?


Or how did this person get out of that situation? And then, you know, we love a scam story. Love a scam. Yeah. Cult story, cult stories. We have a wrongful conviction story coming up that is really powerful. Great Identity theft. We're Gonna try to cover a lot of different types of crimes. Our really, like, unifying theme is the approach that we take to storytelling. And just hearing firsthand from someone who, whose life was altered because of a crime. It's Cool. Amazing. If you were forced, and you might be to do a different podcast of any genre, Not popcorn aside, I mean, yeah. We've got the popcorn one on Right, right.


On the decks that's being, that's in development now. But have you ever thought of doing, just going completely out of the genre and doing anything different? Lander pump rules? Yeah, maybe. I mean, I could talk about anything. Bravo. Yeah, for sure. But no, I mean I, we have just spent so much time at the, like over the last year and seven months working on True Crime podcast. I it would feel so unusual. Yeah. But yeah, I, I could talk about anything. Bravo. That's what I can, you could bring That to the table. I could do a survivor podcast Style Up Survivor. Yeah. It's a good show. So television maybe even though we watch different television, very Different television, there's some slight overlap with within True Crime.


Really. Yeah. Yeah. But that's true. I've been trying to get Hena to watch The Real Housewives, for example, to No avail Hasn't happened yet. I feel It doesn't happen. Fight The good fucking Yeah. Well, but the off record episode is a little bit different. It is kind of, it is new for you guys, right? Something that is a little more like chatty and, and less fully produced, fully journalistic. You wanna talk about that for, For you guys listening, we have, they have the episode, full episode of The Knife and then the off record episodes are kind of the, it's almost like the Kind of like a mailbag episode. Yeah. Or like a recap episode from the, the main episode Or like a more info. Yeah. You know, we've sort of like to think of them as it could be a lot of different things.


We love the idea of mailbag, answering listener questions and being able to interact with people in that way. We also, you know, we are gonna talk a little bit about the conversations that patient and I have making True Crime podcasts. Like we have so many conversations to do with, sometimes it's like cold calling people or ethical conversations about how we portray different stories. So we're gonna have some of those conversations like on mic so that, you know, listeners can be part of that. Great. Also tell True Crime Stories. Yeah, true Crime Story is also an opportunity for us to tell stories where we, we didn't get the right interview, but like, wow, this is a fascinating story and now I get to tell Hannah all about it and maybe we've like had it on our list for a while, but no one had a, had time to do a deep dive until now.


Yeah. You guys are like, I swear you feel like a parallel universe us, but you guys have a lot more homework To do. You do. And you actually do your homework and you do your homework. You do. You guys are like really smart. It's chronic at this point. We're like, okay, we need to make this one really quick and easy and then eight hours later. Yeah. But I'm hoping like part of the off record is an attempt to get away from that, to have like more conversations with each other without having to do tons of homework. Yeah. But we'll see. Yeah. Well I do think the audience will be so fascinated because that is the piece that you never get from like a limited series or the series that are more journalistic and a little more formal and need to be.


But it, I, I just love that idea that you guys kind of like, yep, we can do that and we can do this and then you can tell us what you thought of that and then we're gonna do another one. It's like a really fun, kind of like backstage feel. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun for us to talk about it 'cause we love the job so much and also just this like, hybrid of journalism and storytelling and we're not investigators, right. But we are like making a podcast and I think that's, you know, maybe a lesser known skillset for Sure. Yeah. And you guys did, you did it in such a cool way, as I said earlier, just the way you were like, I wanna be in podcasts. Or like, I know you guys were listening to Serial when it came out and it's like, oh, this is a thing we can do.


And I feel like we had the, had the exact same thought of let's just start it, let's do this. And I think that's really like, It's empowering. Inspiring. Yeah. Yeah, totally. I think people are gonna really love to hear about that.


You may love the finer things in life, like soft, cashmere, silk and effortlessly chic fashion, But your bank account probably doesn't always agree. Fortunately We have Quince. With Quince, you can get quality Luxury Essentials without the hefty price tag. Like their Mongolian cashmere sweater starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I feel like I need to apologize to people. 'cause I have a one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters in the dark gray and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter, where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times. And I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for $50 Quince cares about us. It feels like, it's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We Should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear different one every day of the week. I mean, I absolutely will Give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So How do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look At that nearer dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or More to claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A RTI c.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh. But the best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard, outdoor protection simply saves monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras Use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe as offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know, a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah. I turned my on even when I go to walk cookie, like mine is always on. Right. Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't, I don't think that's something we can ask for, but I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


In your years of research and having to do those deep dives, and I know it's, you know, depending on the subject, but is there anything you've ever uncovered, learned a factoid, like something crazy. I just always picture you guys working at like late at night with one light and you're like, you know, on LexiNexis, like trying to figure stuff out. Like do you, you can you just like recap one moment where you had like that kind of journalistic Nancy Drew discovery or anything? There have definitely been things said on preliminary calls where we're just getting some background information where we're like, we have to level with them. We're not gonna touch that.


You know, like, that's not gonna come up. And if you, if it comes up in an interview, we're not gonna, it's not gonna make the episode. Whether that's maybe, you know, something that we don't agree with value system wise or accusations, you know, people have very different experiences within a a crime story and we'll really get fired up about it. And So, you know, figuring out how to make sure that person feels heard, but also we wanna do it right. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean there's the research and then also there's learning things from conversations with people just because like, you know, there's the headline and then there's an article and then maybe there's a longer form article if you're lucky.


And then, you know, I'm like, okay, where's the documentary or where's the book? Or where, you know? Right. And then you hit like a, a stop where there's just nothing more Like a Reddit thread maybe. Yeah. Maybe there's a Reddit thread and you know, I've, I think like I've always just been like, what's, what, what, what else? Like I just have more questions. And so then through, you know, finding someone who was like, Oh Yeah, that was, you know, I, you know, yeah, I was there, whatever. And I knew that person. And then, oh great, well you talk to me and then, you know, having a two hour long conversation with that person, there's so much that will come out. Like, I'm thinking about like season three of the opportunist we did with the Cat Cult, and Which I found that story by Googling quote cult plus sign cat quote end quote.


Yeah. And I'm like, I wonder what's out There just for kicks. Oh, it's so fun. Love it. And this one little article came up and I was like, I don't know if I should pitch this to Hannah. Is this too much? She's like, I love it. Like, this is the exact kind of story I want to tell Genius. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And then when we had a conversation with Mary who is married to this man who used to be married to the cult leader during the interview, she revealed to us that there was an attempted murder involved with the story where she had befriended this guy years later who was her, you know, assassin essentially, that the cult leader had tried to convince him to kill her and her husband and he didn't.


And then years later they became friends. So that was a moment where this whole other aspect to this story opened up. Wow. And we're like, wait a minute, what? Like, there's also like, you know, a potential attempted murder here. So there's, you know, that that was a big moment, but there's a lot of moments that happen like that. Yeah. That's amazing. How has it been, like in your line of work, how is law enforcement communication going for you guys? It seems like that would be a tough one. It, it is and it's not. It's like if there's a case where you know it's case closed, someone's been convicted, sentenced, usually there's law enforcement who will happily talk about it because it's maybe something they consider a career accomplishment and maybe it is.


But if the case is still open, it can be a lot more difficult. And you know, when we do those interviews, they can still be very useful for information, but you're not gonna get someone to like reflect or give you anything beyond, you know, a very like right by the book answer. And that can be challenging. But I would say overall pretty good. I do wanna know more about the interviews you do with the people involved in the case. The first off record episode is so incredible about these missing teens and you got friends to talk, you got family to talk. Yeah. I mean that's like, and you went, you went there in person too. It's like, that just has to change everything.


It did. It changed everything. You know, I went to the DA's office and you know, sat down with an investigator who had previously been a detective on the case when he was earlier in his career. It was incredible. I got to, I fell in love with it because I met so many people I would've never met. And you know, I got immersed in this story and really got to understand how current it all was for them still. Right. You know, their, their friends had gone missing, you know, 20 years earlier. And there's talking about these memories that are so vivid for them and also unpacking it with me for really the first time for a lot of them because it was a small town and the same theories had circulated.


And I just thought like, this is such a privilege that these people are taking this complete stranger into their home. I had a little Olympus recording thing that I got for like 20 bucks and I'm, you know, they're just talking to me and they didn't care that I had no previous podcasting experience. They only cared that someone wanted to hear their story. Yeah. And that really hit home and was like, I'm, I'm so motivated to do this now. And then, you know, I got, I got my job on the opportunist, got much busier, wasn't really sure how to end the story. I was so new to it. And you recorded Like multiple episodes and put them together? Yeah.


I don't remember how many, but I, I'm one of the few people that have the privilege of listening to it and it was really good. Amazing. But the case was still insolvent. You didn't have, you weren't sure how to end it. I wasn't sure how to end it. And I also felt conflicted about some of the tape because you know, there were two missing teens. Jeremy Bechtel and Aaron Foster and Jeremy's family was very open with me. Aaron's family was much less. And I started feeling conflicted about putting so much out there without their support. And that was something I was thinking a lot about. I didn't have the confidence in my storytelling ability that I have after having done it now. But it was just so interesting to like, I'm gonna get case file access to a case file.


I'm gonna get to go ask these people questions. And you know, I didn't, I didn't break news with this story, but I was able to sort of piece together enough to be like, I know that they left that party. And I know that after that party they went to Aaron's house and I had only ever heard or read that they had left that party and never been seen again. And that was enough for me to be like, sometimes it just takes like, not a professional, but like fresh eyes Totally. And energy into doing something. And I didn't solve that case. They did. And they, with the help of this YouTube diver exploring the nug, Spoiler, spoiler, Spoiler. Oh Yeah.


But it was so amazing because I had built so many relationships in that town that when as they're literally pulling the car up from the river, people are calling me. Yeah. And I was like, oh my gosh. And so then I felt this weight of like, well I now have all of these relationships with Jeremy's family members, I need to call them. Right. And like, did you inform them? One of them, I informed him because no way. He had been calling me and we had been playing phone tag and then it felt strange. And I just said, I don't have any details. I've just heard that Aaron's car was found in the river and you need to call Sheriff page. And it's incredible.


Yeah. It was, you know, I didn't wanna make those phone calls certainly. No, but when you're talking to people every day for a long time, they're wanting to talk about it with you. Yeah. And it was just a great experience. And also I think with missing persons cases, for me there's that hope. And even though, you know, after 20 years I think hope dwindles. But I really liked that aspect of it. And that was just, it was exciting. Yeah. It's So cool. As a cold case junkie, I I really was just, that story was incredible. Yeah. Well and also it's, that's such a good point that like when something happens to people, a trauma, like all of a sudden just your child is gone, you're, you know, they're just, there's no explanation and people help you for a little while and then just nothing, the idea that, that you are left to process that or just, or not because you don't get any answers.


It's not the same as like there's a death in the family. It's just, it's a total void. And like, you know, you describing it that way, it's like, it must be incredibly powerful to have someone come and say, I care about what this is and I wanna help in some way. I do. That is what I love about the true crime community is like, there are so many sincere, sincerely caring like professionals and non-professionals that are like, what can I do? What could I look up online? Like what could I research? Yeah. And it also was very eye-opening in the way of like, it's easy to say, oh, you know, why didn't the, why didn't local law enforcement do more? Obviously they didn't run away to Florida.


They, they left a paycheck behind like all of these like quote unquote like obvious things that had happened or not happened and blame. But when you talk to all of these different people, it's like, you know, well wait a minute that that office had one computer at the time. Right. So that means these notes are handwritten and then typed out and how many notes are you taking if you're writing something by hand? Totally. And what does this game of telephone really look like? Even if you're trying your best, what was the training at the time? It wasn't. So then it was like, okay, I have to take a step back because it's not one person's fault. It wasn't like, there were a lot of things that should have gone differently and didn't, but it made me take a step back and think about how little you really get from reading an article.


And I just wanted to know more. Do you have a story like that of something that's happened where you are just getting involved, kind of turned, turned things a little bit that's like that maybe journalistic satisfaction that you get to have Sometimes. I don't Know if I have a story quite like that where that, where it gets solved a missing person's case. I mean that's pretty incredible. Yeah. But certainly like, you know, we've talked to people that have reached out to Hannah from just knowing her from the opportunist and said, well what about my story? Can you look into this? And you know, I think that is a cool place to be. Like, someone thinks that I care enough to look into this and like actually do some research.


And I think that that's a also a really like great thing about being able to connect with listeners. Yeah, absolutely. And I mean like, you know, I've never, yeah, I've never solved a case or anything like that. That's season two. Yeah. That's coming. But you know, just being able to bring it to like people's attention. Yeah. To continue to keep attention on these things as we were just talking about, I think means a lot. And you never know what that can do. It's like, you know, peisha didn't solve this case, but the fact that there was so much attention on it, I don't know. It keeps it fresh in people's minds. Totally. And you just never know like what that could lead to.


So that's what I usually tell people when they're like, I have this, you know, case and well I'm not able to solve it. I'm not an investigator. But we can certainly tell that story and then hopefully that will help you connect to other people or resources to, you know, hopefully make some leeway there. Yeah.


Spring is just around the corner, which means it's time for a spring cleaning. I hate spring cleaning. Why can't it be spring? Avoiding whether you Plan on doing stuff or just laying around your feet. Deserve to be comfortable with Bombas, Bombas socks, slippers and underwear are designed for next level comfort. The Secret is they're high quality fabrics like Marino wool, which is soft, warm, and breathable. And for all your other spring cleaning chores, Bombas has the cushioned arch hugging pears that'll keep you comfy while you spruce up the house. Okay. This is really embarrassing. But I was hanging out with some girlfriends the other day at one of their houses and I almost said to my friend, wow, those socks are cute. Where are those from? And they were Bombas like, I didn't say it 'cause I was like, calm down about socks. And she's also a nursing new mom. So obviously comfort is very important to her. Yeah. Like that says everything you need to know. They really are. It's weird when you talk about socks being comfortable and then you wear Bombas and you're like, there's the arch support I've needed this whole time. Totally. And Bombas is going international. Enjoy worldwide shipping to over 200 countries. Head over to Bombas dot com slash mfm and Use Code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. Bombas dot com slash mfm And Use code MFM go Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air Fresh flowers, crisp mornings, that first warm breeze through an open window. It's The time of year when everything smells amazing. And thanks to Pretty Litter Your Home Can Too. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ships free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean, a huge thing if Kitty litter shipped to your door alone is an amazing convenience and perk. But then the fact that Pretty Litter helps you track your cat's health and make sure that your cat is doing okay as it like takes care of odor in your home. What more do you want? Yeah. As someone with an older kitty cat and looking at you Mimi, it is like such peace of mind to know that if something's going on with her kidneys, I'll know immediately instead of like months in the future when she shows me some other sign. Pretty Litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's Pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy Pretty litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You know, I love the idea of cooking. Wait, is there a second part to that? No, I just think cooking as an idea is really nice. Oh, Well, hungry Root can turn your idea, Karen, into reality. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped up into one. They take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored to you. Shopping, planning and cooking Food really can be simple and stress free. Just tell them about your goals and preferences and they'll fill your cart with personalized recommendations that get smarter as they learn more about what you liked or didn't. Love All of Hungry Roots recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less. Being able to make something in 15 minutes or less is quite a claim. My thing about cooking is it takes so much work, it takes so much prep and I'm not that good at it anyway. So it never feels worth it when you get to the end. But Hungry Root makes it, it feel like it was all worth It. It does. And you're gonna love Hungry Root. Take Advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to hungry root.com/mfm and Use code mfm, That's hungry root.com/mfm code mfm to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry route.com/mfm code mfm Goodbye. Goodbye.


You guys have that thing that I think that people who are into true crime like we are murders, which is this like curiosity about the way humans work and the way these decisions people make affects their, like everyone's life around them. And they can hear that in the podcast. This curiosity that you guys have that's so, so pure and I totally identify with it. Yeah, Totally. I mean I think that it, that so many people who love true crime feel that way. Right. And it makes me think of actually this episode of a podcast that you sent me years ago. It's a criminal episode. We know You too. You all love criminal the best as well.


Yeah, so good. And she was interviewing Errol Morris, you know, he was talking about crime stories and always just stuck with me. He talked about like the heart of crime stories is just humanity. Yeah. You know, it's, and I just, I just agree with that so wholeheartedly. You know, in all of these stories, of course there is some incident, some dramatic incident, right. But like within that there are stories of people surviving or people seeking justice and the complications of what that looks like. What does that even mean? Yeah. And how people hurt each other and how people try to heal and what that does to an individual person and to a community.


I mean, it is just humanity. It's like how we all live together and that is just endlessly compelling. Yeah. It makes me think of the episode and the opportunist. And look, the opportunist was great. Congratulations. Your new podcast is amazing. Thank, thank you. Thank you. But I, you know, I just have the, the memory of you talking about the people who invested in the guys who were claiming that they were going to go find the this sunken treasure boat. Oh Yeah. And so it's that kind of story where it's like this is not a murder, this is not, you know, one of those kind of stories. It's a, it's a scam story that as it went, it just became more and more heartbreaking as I listened to it of like these people who it's like, it's easy to go like, oh, well you made a mistake, or that was a dumb investment.


And it's like these guys went through and just methodically drained the bank accounts of retirees and like just destroyed these families. And that was just kind of like, well, too bad for you. And I'm sure that there are people who like, when, if they go through an experience like that, being able to hear somebody else be able to say it and have, you know, the validity, like be able to give it the gravitas it deserves of like, this is horrible, it should not be happening. We should have systems set up. Or how do you, what are the next steps you take when someone doesn't just, you know, rip you off, but like you lose all your money and You never think it's gonna be you. Like ever, you know, we've probably never interviewed someone and been like, oh, I could see how that happened to them.


It's like, no, that could be all of us. Like, yeah. No One is like, well I kind of expected that to happen To me. Right. Gullible, You never think it's gonna be you. Yeah. And I think there's also this like self exploration that happens where you're like, when you, when that feeling creeps in, like something's not right here. This other part of you is in survival mode being like, everything's fine. Yeah. I'm sure it's okay. It's all gonna come together. And like those two voices are battling it out in your head until there's this point of no return. And you know, that's not someone being naive all the time. That's just like life. You have to trust people sometimes.


Yeah. And you know, maybe a gold bar at the bottom of the ocean sounds farfetched, but it's not like this random person knocked on someone's door and said, I know where to find, you know, a sunken treasure boat. It's like this is a trusted person in the community supported by another trusted person in the community. And that goes a long way for people, Which makes it all the more evil. Yeah. Oh that was a tough one. That was tough. Yeah. It's very satisfying that we get to host a podcast where there's the potential where obviously there's the relation of there's a crime and then somebody gets to tell their story, be a survivor, be, you know, get their voice out there.


But then that someone listening at home who might not have any of that support or any of that kind of platform gets to relate or have somewhere to go or a next steps kind of plan. Yeah. And just feel seen like, wow, a version of that happened to me and, and here's someone talking about it in a way that's not pejorative or demeaning. It's just like, that could be like, I'm not, you know, the only person this has ever happened to. Something's not wrong with me. Right. Someone did something wrong to me. Yeah. And you know, that like goes back to even, even when I was, you know, researching that case in Tennessee, it's like this, this idea that someone feels heard becomes really important in the work that we're doing and is I think something we don't wanna lose in our storytelling.


Yeah. I think that's impossible for you guys to lose. I think that's just second nature for you. It's so cool. It's definitely like the most fun I've ever had. That's great. It's exactly what I wanna be doing. Yay. I love it. It's so exciting. It's so, I feel like people are gonna really, Oh my God, really love this podcast. I just, we've, everyone that works here has listened to it. It's just like, it's a hit. It's fucking hit. It's a hit. It's just so great. Yeah. Great job Guys. Thank you much. We're so excited to be here and you know, you all have supported us so much too. You know, shouting out the show back, you know, when we were doing it and always being like just cheering us on and that we always saw that and always meant a lot to us. And So, you know, it just feels like a really great place for us to be.


It just feels right. And so we're really, we're happy to be here. Does it feel exactly right? It feels Smash together. Okay. Then you just need, you just sign your life away right here. Yeah, Exactly. Yay. Yay, Yay. Honestly, and I mean like, you know, this is business, but also we adore you guys. We love the work you do. Yeah. We're so proud of the show that you've made and the fact that we get to put it on our network. So thank you so much. Thank thanks For being here. Wow, Thank you. Yeah, thank you so much. Yeah, that's, it's the best feeling ever. Yeah. Yeah. That's Good. So The Knife launches on March 27th and new episodes are up every Thursday. Please listen And don't forget to go and follow rate, review, subscribe, support, show up, and on Instagram and Blue Sky, you can find them at The Knife Podcast.


Thank you guys. Yeah, Thank you guys so much. Thank You so much For having us. We're so excited. Yay. Okay. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our managing producer is Hannah Kyle Creighton. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Lianna Sachi. Our Researchers are Marin McClain and Allie Elkin. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com. Follow The show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite Murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs and stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. PayPal. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool


For some of us. Personal finances aren't just personal. They include a lot more people than ourselves. Loved ones neighbors, the communities we call home and the causes we hold in our hearts. At Thrivent, we help plan your financial picture with the bigger picture in mind. Because even though our business is helping guide your finances, our ambition is to make it mean so much more. Thrivent, where money means more. Connect with us@thrivent.com at.