
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row, all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


When your to-do list feels endless, let Audible turn it into a mini adventure. You'll Be the Robinson Cruso of vacuuming. You Can dive in to never Flinch by Stephen King. Or you can get hooked on Mad Love an audible original that keeps you guessing with every chapter with Thousands of titles and originals. Audible keeps your brain entertained while you tackle real life. Start listening and discover what's beyond the edge of your seat. New members can try Audible now free for 30 days and dive into a world of new thrills. Visit Audible.com/murder or text murder to 500 dash 500. That's Audible.com/murder. Or text murder to 500 dash 500. Goodbye.


Did You know an American Home Shield warranty helps protect items in your home that you use every day? If Covered parts of your hvac, electrical, plumbing, or appliances break, American Home Shield will fix or replace them no matter their age. You can save on a new plan today. Our Listeners get 20% off. Any plan. Visit Ahs.com/mfm to sign up and see promo details. See ahs.com/contracts for coverage details, including limit amounts, fees, limitations, and exclusions. Goodbye.


Hello And welcome To my favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard Start. That's Karen Kill car. We're Dressed for Easter. I keep accidentally doing that, Like dressing for holidays For Easter specifically. Oh, I just think I have a lot of pastels in my Wardrobe. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, I feel like Easter was a huge holiday in 1962. Yeah. What did you guys do? First of all, fuck you. I was born in 1970. That's not what I meant. Wow. That would've been so shitty if I was like, really? What'd you guys do back there when you were married to the astronaut? What you used to like to do for fun on Easter? It Was a bigger deal. I think it still is though.


I went to the park near my house and there were like three different camps, like doing all the Easter cookout thing. Right. And hiding things. I think, I mean, separate from it being a religious holiday, I do think it is the most fun second only to Halloween or Christmas, obviously. Yeah. But like, it's like a mid spring fun thing for kids that I remember looking forward to it just because it had been like, what are we going, when's the next thing where we get to like have a kid time? Totally. Well, that must have been nice for you Christians. Yes. God, we Christ it around all and died eggs. But we did. It made me laugh because, so the hospitals are the family that we grew up next door to, who we spend every holiday with and did like, I have pictures of my Uncle Steve with a cigarette in his hand pointing to where the eggs are hidden, because I'm like three years old.


Yeah. And just the, the youngest. So we always did Easter together And we would go and dye eggs a little like the night before in the barn, blah, blah, blah. And my cousin Stevie did that with his daughters and Nora and whatever. But of course everyone's like, Nora's a senior. Yeah. His daughters are out of the house. So my sister calls because they weren't gonna do Easter 'cause it was just a bunch of adults. And my cousin Stevie called my sister. Ben goes, we have to do Easter. And she was like, yeah, okay. And he's like, you, we were, we're not just gonna not do it. Just we have to keep doing it. And she's like, okay, can I wear my sweat, sweat pants? Just, it's like getting through it. It's like since 1972, right?


63, our families have gotten together and somehow been like, yes. Yeah, today's the day. Yeah. Here's some eggs, kids, Whatever. It's funny because chocolate, same with Passover, which involves hiding something for the kids to find an egg. Same thing. It's like so clearly. Yeah. All these things. But the difference is, and the reason we're not as excited about Passover is the hours it feels like of storytelling and like prayers and shit. Before you pray over the wine, you pray over the this, you pray over the that it's like, can we fucking eat? Like everyone hates It, but, but then the youngest gets some lines. Yes. The youngest gets some lines. And That's the day I was turned onto Judaism as a religion and a lifestyle As the youngest. For a long time it was pretty fucking, that's where I shined.


That must be why I'm so good at this. It probably is. Yeah. I'm a performer. I'm a natural performer. And did you know your lines, or did you have to read them out of a book? I read them because it looked very like studious. Yes, that's Right. I'm Special and Jewish. And you're like, these are all the things that I will be Yeah, look at me. This was about me special And studious. That is a really weird parallel though. I never thought about that. The Passover is, it's Based On Yeah. Jewish Easter. Yeah. Essentially. Yeah. Or Easters. No. 'cause Christian Passover came first. That's right. And full respect to you and yours. Thanks for the idea. Thanks. Ours has a lot less bloodshed. You have more candy.


It was the one sun as opposed to any sun. Right? All the suns. Well, I'm wearing this because I think it's, I unconsciously put it on because I'm listening to Miranda Gil's new book. It's called All Fours. Oh. And so I just cosplayed as her today completely on accident. Okay. But Here we are. Do you like that book? Yeah. I love the book. She's an incredible writer. But it's one of those things where it's like, this is definitely gonna get you depressed. Oh yeah. So like, are you ready to get in that head space right now? And I don't know what the answer is, but You're gonna find out. I will. You're gonna find out midway. Yeah. So that's, that's what I'm doing. Have you heard, I can't believe we haven't talked about this, about Valerie the Dachshund.


I thought you were gonna talk about the corrections corner that we have. No, I have not heard about Valerie. The dd. Before we get to the bad stuff, let's just talk about the good stuff, which is kind of, it's good and bad. Valerie, the Dachshund went with her family on a trip in South Australia to Kangaroo Island. They did some camping. Okay. Valerie Got loose and it's been like 16 weeks and she keeps getting spotted, owning this fucking island, somehow surviving. She won't come to anyone, but she's like taking over the island and thriving and surviving And basically doesn't wanna be found. I don't know. It won't come to anyone. And her owners are devastated. But it's this kind of thing of like, shit, man, she's fucking, She's like living free, living The island life.


Yeah. I mean, it's like pretty impressive. She's just this like, you know, sporty little low rider who's just fucking tearing across. Is she like hanging out with kangaroos or is that just the name? I Don't know. I don't know who she's hanging out with. I don't know what she's eating or how she's surviving. I don't know where she's sleeping, but she doesn't look emaciated. She looks like there's something going on, or she's like made a pact with the other animals there and they're like, they've taken her in. You're Gonna help me. I'll be the personality hire. It's me. It's me. The dachshund. Valerie, I'll definitely make your party more fun. I can't help you. Valerie in HR Are clean. That is, I immediately pictured her for some reason standing on the edge of a Cliff. Wind blowing ears. You know, just like Elizabeth Bennett in Pride and Prejudice.


Exactly. Oh God. She's just like, finally, it's the life I wanted Domain, my kingdom. I Don't know if she's like a hero for our, our ages. Like, get the fuck, run away and fucking go live on an island. Do what you want, Valerie. Yeah. And to all the Valerie, the dachshunds out there that are listening right now. Girl, find your kangaroo island. Get Your kangaroo island, whatever it is, and Run around on it. And live, breathe. Don't come back for any call or Text or anything. No, no. It's so like Cookie, you'd go tweet, treat and she'd be at your fucking feet in two seconds. Yeah, maybe. Maybe That just reminded me what this morning blossom was barking like a lunatic, which I'm like, is this your new thing in the morning?


Yeah. I looked over, there was a puppy coyote trying to come up onto the patio puppy and I ran over to make sure, and there were four other ones. Like grown ones or puppies? Puppies. But like, And you adopted them all Bigger than Blossom. Oh My God. And there to make friends so they can eat her later. Oh shit. Anyway, the coyote drama will not end in my backyard. Oh My God. That's terrifying. It was like a little pack. What? And it did look like cute stray dogs. Yeah. And then I was like, these are the, no, these are the dogs that, that eat dogs. That'll Trick you. Yeah. It takes like four of them right now. But in the the future, it'll just take one. You know, I've never seen pride and prejudice. I know, I know.


I know. There's so many people fighting right Now. I don't wanna fight. I don't wanna fight. I, it's not, there was no like decision made, really just, I'm not that kind of girl. And so it never came up. A girl with a heart and a brain And sense and sensibilities. You, You truly will Love it. I know. I will. Like, I don't know. It's taking me so long. Well, and also Matthew McFadden. Yeah. Everyone's favorite part of succession. Oh yeah. Is the romantic lead. I just heard a whole thing about his hand twitch, and I'm like, why? I have to see this. I have to see it. Here's what I'll say. First of all, I literally just watched it yesterday. Wow. Okay. It is cinematically one of the more satisfying movies that's ever been made. It's not just like, it's not just a Jane Austen bridge Flick kind of type of thing.


Truly not. Okay. There's so much in incredible acting. So many of the best of the best British actors are in this movie. Yeah. Brenda Ble as the Irritating Mother Will Free Your Soul. Okay. You'll love her so much. I guess it's just like, I know I'd be a peasant back then, so why do I wanna watch fucking Rich people traipsing around for real falling in love? I know I'd be a peasant or I'd be a scullery made or I'd be, you know, something, something dirty, something Shitty, Something with like, my fingernails were always Gross. And like you have a lot of like liver paste under your fingernails. Yes. Yeah. And like so many children for some reason. Yeah. So like, why I don't, I don't know. For some reason, Like right now, today I don't.


But, or back then, I absolutely Would have. Yeah, you would've been required to Definitely Give it, you know what, just put it 15 minutes on your timer. Yeah. And then start it and see where you end Up. Okay. I know all of it. I know that. Okay. Yeah. No one get mad at me, please. No, no. But there's a bit of a, the, the warning of like, oh, this is somehow historical or it's gonna be dry in some way. Yes. It's not. Okay. Okay. I mean, the only reason I watched Bridgeton and I liked it, was because you told me there was something really dirty the first season. I was like, I gotta check this out. Should I, so tell me there's something in sense and Sens stability. There's like a, like a Skin Max scene. Okay. But it's pride and prejudice, first of All, that's what I meant. Skin and sensibility. S sensibility.


It's, yeah. There's an in the really intense fingering scene through at Three Quarters the way through. Is that what you wanna hear? Yes. But it's Really like locked eyes. It's insane. Dr. Shocker comes, comes around and just blows everything outta the water in this Tiny town. So in Victorian It, and then it goes back to normal. It's so weird. And It's very, it's very strange. Stop It. Let's do this podcast. Let's do a corrections corner and then know, knowing Full well that we're gonna have to do another Corrections corner for what I just said about Jane Austen book. Okay. But this one makes me laugh really hard. Okay. Because I think our audience now knows us so well. Yeah. That they're like, I know what you meant. Of Course, of course you don't know this, but I will be nice and tell you I love that. Like, I think what you meant was Yes.


Like trying to, like, we can't think of a word and they know what we're trying to say, And we Don't also truly, and I dunno how many times I have to say this, when I just say stuff, I, that is what I'm doing. Yeah. There's, in no way did I think that as you were retelling me, the Amistad trial, that when you were like, John Adams, blah, blah, blah, that I, that my response was going to be historically accurate from an educated mind. Right. Any of those things. No, no memory. Well, so in the story from last week, the Amistad trial, which is episode 4 76, I explained that President Van Buren appeals the decision for the Amistad party to return home. And then I say that the abolitionists ask former president and current Massachusetts Congressman John Quince Adams, you know him, I say to represent the group in court.


My response is, of course, Paul, Jim Paul Imadi. That's your response to everything. It really is. Like, they don't always, we always cut a lot of that out, because otherwise his whole show would be just talking about Paul Imadi. But, But still Referring to his, you were referring to his TV miniseries. John Adams. Yeah. Well, Stephanie, a listener emailed with the Corrections corner. John Quince Adams is the son of John Adams. It's actually a very common mistake. And then Elizabeth Dot Gray on Instagram also caught it commenting. I'm so sorry. But Paul Giamatti played John Adams. John Quince was his son, played by the hotty. Hot, hot Evan Moss Backrack, who has one of those, like, why he's so hot without being hot.


Looks like Walton Goggins. Yes, exactly. I'm Like, why am I so attracted to this person? Well, I was gonna say, because Evan Moss Brock, who is the brother from the Bear of course, And from girls the fucking incredible, his character was incredible. Oh. And a total piece of shit in girls. It was so good. Yeah. But also he has a little bit of Vince in his face to me. Oh, when I first watched the Bear, I was like, that guy looks like Vince. And he has, Vince is like coloring too, the blonde. Oh my God. You're totally right. Tall And like the soft eyes of like, the eyes of a person that's going, what are you doing, man? Yeah. All the time. Who Knows your actual, like he knows what's behind what you're doing. Yep. And you can't trick him. No. Yeah. No, That's real. And he is gonna use it.


This guy though, he looks like he's gonna use it against you in the future. Right. Vince won't. Vince is like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna help you book a hotel with this information that I have about you. This is how I know like to do something really nice for you. But this guy's like This guy. I'm your drug dealer. Careful. You should be careful. So that's Corrections Corner. Anyway, did that help all your history students? We drove that one right into the wall. Well, listen, here's what's important. We have a podcast network and there's a lot of stuff going on. There Is, it's called exactly right, media. Yeah. Here's some highlights. Yeah. This become Buried Bones. Kate and Paul had to 1924 England for part one of a, their two part series about a young couple faced, one of an unplanned pregnancy and a police force faced with an open and shut murder case until a new discovery changes everything.


Oh Yeah. And then over on The Knife, our newest show that we're so proud of, Hannah and Peisha, bring you the story of Jennifer Thompson, a college student who survived her brutal assault. She did everything she could to help identify her attacker, only to learn years later that the wrong man had been convicted. You should be listening to the Knife regularly. It's so freaking good. They're so great. Also, they just got featured on iTunes in the, like, the, the Knife as a podcast just got featured. That's new and noteworthy. Oh my God. Go take a look at that. Hell yeah. And you will see also very new, very noteworthy podcast that we love so much as Ghosted by Roz Hernandez. This week, Roz is honestly stunned when iconic actor and comedian Mo Collins, who I love the most incredible, the funniest.


She shows up with a real life haunted house story that has everything, a poltergeist, a ghost, a portal, and a very freaked out real estate agent. Mo Collins is incredible. So funny. She's A natural. Finally on, I said no gifts. Two times Survivor contestant Zeke Smith, disobeys Bridger with a gift of, of course, by bringing him a gift, even though the podcast is called, I said, no Gifts. They don't care. And they just keep bringing him gifts. They chat about processed cheese, airport renovations and the universal Truth of dust. Shit. What could it Be? That's heavy. What's the universal truth? It's just everywhere and it we're made of it. Oh. It's like in our, in our, it's Our skin pores. It's also stars. Oh, also, here's a special announcement for anybody listening who lives in the Chicago area.


Two of our podcasts are coming to the Den Theater in Chicago. Yay. So first, the Banana Boys are performing their live on May 8th. And then I said, no G is taking the stage to record a live episode on May 23rd. So go to the Den Theater laugh, then you can come home and listen to your own laughter A few days later on. I said, no gif fun, have fun. Go to the den theater.com. Those two shows are, I feel like all the shows on our network. But those two specifically are so good. Live. Oh, Yes. Like You'll have the best time. Go by yourself. Bring a first date. It'll like, it'll be fine. Yes. Both, whatever. It's both of those. You're, you're completely right. Both of those shows as something to do. Right. One night Right. Will deliver in every way. Absolutely. Yeah.


And an exciting March news, this week's episode of Rewind was originally released right after the 2016 election. And we said, then our infamous quote, this is terrible. Keep going. And so we're re-releasing some of that merch that, Karen, if you, if you're watching this on our YouTube page Exactly right. Media, you'll see all this fucking incredible. Oh my God, that T-shirt's Great. Right? Is that mine? I knew you would love that. We brought it back. We have made a gigantic tote bag that you can root around in forever. You guys are tote people. These Sweatpants, which I told the story the other day. I wore my own merch out because these sweatpants are so comfortable. You don't wanna take 'em off. I Have the fuck you. I married ones and they're like the softest I've ever, they're so soft, so Soft and very casual that it's, this is terrible.


Keep going. It's just kind of right up on your hip. I Might take these, I Don pretty look. And then of course, the mug. The mug, the best mug giver. And I love this color combination Blue and light blue are my dark blue and light blue are my favorite combination. Real nice. Very Good. So go to exactly right store.com And you can see all of it and get whatever you feel Like. That's right. And You know, with all the protests that are basically happening every weekend now. Yeah. Just remember that this was a saying that you and I came up with. One of us said, this is terrible. The other one said, keep going, going keep going. It's from our 2016. Yeah. After the election episode. And so we're relaunching it now for these terrible times that we live in to just bring people some sort of Comfort.


You know what I said? I said, Sally forth to Vince today. Oh yeah. Yeah. He's like, what are we gonna do? And I'm like, Sally Fourth. Yeah. Got to, And it felt real and right. Yeah. You have to listen to Gold Gym, The home gym, Good old home gym.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris. The cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap. Or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ioni nine. It's Hyundai's first, all electric SUV with three rows. Finally, space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful Iion nine rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ionic nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to squarespace.com/murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Temperatures are starting to rise, which means you're setting your baseline level of sweaty right now, and it only gets worse from here. That's exactly why you need clothes that breathe look good. And we will keep you together until September. That's Quince. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen, shorts and dresses, starting at $30 plus luck, swimwear and Italian leather platform sandals. The Best part. Everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, Quince gives you luxury without the markup. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. It's that time of year where the weather's changing. And I realize how few short sleeve shirts I have, and I truly logged on to Quince this morning. They have all these beautiful linen shirts, all these beautiful cotton shirts, stuff where you're like, I don't wanna be hot, and this is gonna help me so much. Beautiful linen in the summer is my favorite. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye.


All right, you're first. That's right. So my story this week, and I remember when Marin and I were talking about picking it as a story, because this documentary about this story came out in 2007, and I saw it very soon after. And it's the living proof of like, it was a different time, even though it was only 2007. It seems recent, but the story I'm about to tell you and the way it was kind of presented at the time compared to how it probably would be presented now Yeah. Is pretty crazy. Yeah. There's a lot to be grateful for in terms of where we are right now, even though it's terrible And we have to keep going. Yeah. Also, there's some, there's some good stuff.


So let's start at the beginning. It's the morning of June 15th, 1959. Okay. It's right before my first birthday and 22-year-old Linda Riss, who's a beautiful woman. A lot of people say she looks like Elizabeth Taylor. Wow. She actually just kind of has a little baby face, and she's very kind of glamorous. But I'm sure Liz Taylor was like the height of beauty at the time. Yeah. So they're just saying she was just an attractive woman. Yeah. Yeah. So Linda's about to leave her Bronx apartment where she lives with her mother to head into work in Manhattan where she works as a receptionist. But before she can do that, the doorbell rings, Linda's mother asks, who's there? And from the other side of the door, a man calls out package for Miss Linda riffs.


So that's not weird. Linda's used to getting gifts either from her dotting fiance Larry, or from friends and family who are sending them gifts, because Larry and Linda just recently announced their engagement. Got it. In fact, their engagement party had been the night before. Right. So the idea of like getting sent something to the apartment wasn't weird. But as Linda opens the front door to see what she's been sent, she only sees the delivery man for a flash, and then she feels what she thinks is boiling water having been thrown in her face. Oh God. Her mother screams in horror as Linda starts screaming in pain, her eyes are burning, her skin is burning. She's rushed to the hospital where she'll learn that, of course, that liquid was not hot water.


It was a lie fuck. Right. So if you don't know, that's the chemical that used to be used in soap and cleaning products. It's very caustic in its raw form, And that means it can burn human skin. And the obsessive delusional man behind this attack seems committed to making Linda's life a living hell. This is just the beginning of a long and twisted not love story. Yeah. Kind of the opposite of a love story that's presented as a love story. Yeah, of course. And was at the time, the details of which will feed the tabloid press for decades. Wow. And in the early two thousands becomes a documentary called Crazy Love. This is the story of Linda Riss and Bert Pash.


I think I've heard of this one. I think you have. Yeah. So the main sources used today are the 2007 documentary, crazy Love directed by Dan Clore and Fisher Stevens, the actor. Yeah, you. You Guys definitely saw that, but it's been so long. Yes. Yeah. It was like a very early at that time, a documentary, which is like, can you believe this story? Right. And it was kind of reflective on can you believe what the tabloids used to be like? Or what these things, you know? Yeah. What used to fill up our daily media. Yeah. How we were Okay. Talking about certain things in ways that were just completely inappropriate. Yeah, exactly. Having the media kind of present the stories, and this is what you will think of this now. Right? It's like when they call it a crime of passion, where it's like, that's not a fucking thing. Right?


Yes. It's not a thing. Okay. So the other sources are the book, A very Different Love story by Barry Steinback and several articles from the New York Times archives. And the rest of our sources are in the show notes. So the story actually starts two years before this lie attack in 1957, when a very successful 30-year-old negligence attorney named Bert Pash sees 21-year-old Linda Riss standing alone in a park. And Bert will later say quote, I thought she was the most magnificent, gorgeous looking female I had ever seen. Okay. She was so proud looking the way she carried herself with her shoulders thrown back, her head held high, her long, dark brown hair just stirring in the breeze.


Literally, from the moment I saw her from 30 feet away, I fell hopelessly in love with her. So he's at a zoo explaining Yes. Animal, The female. The female of this, of the species. Species. She's proud, right? She's proud with long hair. Her Fur is long And yes, and luxurious. I also think it's kind of sad because you were not in love with her. Right. You were infatuated, you're Attracted to her probably mostly sexually. Right. And you don't know her as a person at all. Right? So he introduces himself to Linda. He wants to win her over. So he begins to send her flowers and gifts. It's a clear case of love bombing, and he's got the money to do it. He takes her out to the city's swankiest nightclubs, they rub elbows with celebrities.


He takes her flying in his airplane. Yeah. It's just a classic kind of like, I'm gonna invade your life. You're the thing I want. I'm gonna get it. Right. Whirlwind. Let's do this. Yeah. As charming as Bert seems at first, he's also emotionally volatile and manipulative. He's constantly pressuring Linda to sleep with him. She won't do it unless they're married. Then he goes on to accusing her of having sex with other men behind his back. And he's so nonstop and confrontational about this fact that Linda, this is such a like time and place horror show. Linda goes to her doctor to get him to confirm her virginity for Burt. Oh my God.


Yes. How old is she? 22. Wow. Yeah. That's creepy. It's super creepy. And it's like, so a guy in a park comes up to you Yeah. And just won't leave you alone. And now he owns your fucking body in life. Yeah. And now you're answering to him in this way because he has a plane. Right. Or because he'll take you to cool places. Right. I mean, it was the setup back then. Yeah, that's true. It was, the whole idea is like you get pretty enough and then you get these things. Yeah. And whatever comes along with that, you deal with it. Totally. Totally. Okay. So Linda's still very young. This relationship is very confusing for her. Bert is dazzling her with attention and affection and all the things his wealth can afford, but he also treats her terribly at times.


And then things begin to escalate to physical violence. So several months into their relationship, Linda then finds out Bert is married and has a young daughter. Oh shit. Yes. So that's when she decides she's had enough. This is not the romance that has been presented. Yeah. Or that she wants it to be. Bert swears to her that he's in the process of ending his marriage. He even shows Linda has divorce papers as proof. She's skeptical. And she will later say, quote, I never trusted Bert. I never trusted men. When Bert showed me a divorce decree, I wrote down the number and I had a lawyer check it. Not many girls would do that. Damn girl.


I feel like if you have to go that far though, it doesn't matter if it's real or not. Right. You know? Yes. And also, I'm sorry. So if you prove it is real. Yeah. The love's back on, right? Like He still lied to you about being married. Yes. That's the, let's focus on the real problem. Right. She's married. You don't have to have a huge excuse. Like the divorce papers are wrong to break up with someone. Right. Who just like, Not anymore, but back then. Right. Right, right, right, right. I think that's the vibe is like, this is your chance to get married, or this is your chance to land a, You know, a lawyer. Something amazing. Yeah. So Linda does her due diligence and it pays off. She finds out Burt's divorce papers are fake.


Wow. And he himself is a lawyer. So he just asked his secretary to mock up convincing looking documents. Right. So this is when Linda finally ends things, and not long after she does, she meets someone new, this guy named Larry. Larry is only a year older than Linda, and he doesn't have the money that Bert does, but Linda describes him as quote, a nice, easygoing guy. He's also described as quote, one of the most beautiful men she had ever Seen. Damn. So now she's at the fucking zoo. Yes. I'll have that koala. She's like, how about I get some of this? Yeah. And then also maybe money isn't the thing I'm really looking for here. Right. The young couple genuinely seems happy together, but burnt isn't ready to let Linda go.


He bombards her with calls and impromptu visits begging her to take him back. At first, she finds it sort of flattering because I mean like, yeah. And that is the the play. We are always talking about what women did or didn't do. Right. And whether they handled it right or not, or anything. And it's like, you're getting the full court press by this Right. Conman, and it's your fault that you're falling for it. We've all been 22. It's like 22 Hard. It's fucking hard. Oh. So at first, Linda finds all of it pretty flattering, but then she says, quote, it shortly becomes very stifling. Bert was relentless. He would not stop calling. He would not stop following me. It was a time of hell for me.


So Linda is forced to continue to reject Bert, and then Bert begins to spiral Soon. He's threatening to take his own life. He's also saying things to people like quote, if I can't have her, I'll see to it that nobody will. And Bert actually goes so far as to hire men to throw rocks at Linda's window, hoping that she will then turn to him for protection. Okay. Weird. Of course, she knows it's him. She's very freaked out by this escalating behavior. And so finally she goes to the cops. What's the chorus of this song? They don't help her. Right. Linda says, quote, the police officer at the desk told me that they weren't going to do anything, quote, because he's a lawyer.


So she decides to take matters into her own hands. She changes her phone number, which telling you it's, if it's 1960 something at this point changing her phone number is I bet you she had to like submit tons of paperwork. Right. To do that. Right. Big pain in the ass. Yeah. Then she finds a receptionist job, one block from the nearest subway stop. So she doesn't have to like, oh my God, expose herself or go all around. She even tries to file legal charges against Burt, but he retaliates by writing his own bogus claims, aimed at making the issa's lives miserable. Oh my God. He's like ready and willing and very able to weaponize the kind of legal system against her. Yeah, yeah. And in defense of himself, so now it's spring of 1959.


Oh, it's 59 when she has to, they just got phones. Yeah. And now she's trying to change her number. They're like, ma'am, We don't have anymore. It's still Murray Hill 3 5, 7 0 9 or Whatever. Yeah. There's no other phone numbers. We Don't have, it only goes up to 5,000. Right. Okay. So the spring of 1959, Linda and her boyfriend Larry, get engaged. And as you can imagine, Bert freaks out. Linda will later say a quote, that was my undoing. The minute I accepted a ring and got engaged, that's when Bert went ballistic completely. That's when he really lost it. So Bert shows up outside of Linda's house with a loaded gun, fully prepared to shoot Linda and Larry as they leave her home. But at the last minute, he changes his mind.


He will later admit, quote, it's not an easy thing to kill to shoot a person. I had to retreat Jesus Kind of making himself sound like a victim in that situation. Right. This is too hard for me. Right. Where it's like, this was your idea. Yeah. So instead of doing the dirty work himself, Bert decides he's going to outsource the job. That brings us back to the morning, June 15th, 1959, when the man, Linda thinks is a delivery person, throws lie in her face. So who The fuck could you get to do something like that? I mean, like this person is just a rando and is like, yep, I'll do that. Sure. I'll disfigure a stranger. And usually at the end of these stories, they disfigure a person for like $300.


Right. Exactly. So of course this horrible thing happens. Linda's rushed to the hospital. Her friend will later remember, quote Linda, just lay there unconscious with greasy medications, smeared all over her eyes and face. There were massive scars all around her eyes. Her cheeks and forehead were burned terribly. Oh, you bet. So when Linda wakes up in the hospital the next morning, she can't see. She's so distraught that her friends and family are afraid that she might take her own life. Wow. And they actually install bars on the windows of the hospital room. Wow. So it was so long ago that there weren't already bars on the windows of hospital rooms. Those windows could open.


Meanwhile, word of the violent attack on a young, beautiful bride to be draws the interest of tabloid reporters, which is kind of strange. It's like the lead up to like the National Enquirer of the eighties. Yeah. Yeah. But like, I feel like this, we've done versions of this, right. There's a lot of celebrity versions, whatever, but this kind of straight up a stranger. Yeah. It's the Sherri Papini that I think that it died. It's a Scoop. There's a scoop And we need it. Yeah. And this is like salacious. Yeah. It just doesn't feel like they do this as much anymore. Yeah. It's Complete. Okay. So Linda gives them a statement when they call saying quote, you read about these things, but you don't believe they could ever happen to you.


Why did it happen to me? I only hope to die. Oh, thanks. So she really gives them a quote. Yeah. I mean, they're looking for salacious and they're looking for a horror show and she gives it to them. Yeah. So from there, the media interest around Linda's attack grows and grows. And her story makes headlines across New York. Meanwhile, everyone who knows Bert Pash has the same thought. He has to be behind this attack. Yeah. Linda spends nearly three months recovering in the hospital, and she's placed under police protection after the fact. Although she regains about 80% of her vision in one eye, the, she's lost her other eye. Oh my God. As well as all her hair.


She has permanent scarring on her face. And the entire time that she's recovering in the hospital, Bert is continually sending her flowers. What the fuck? Calling her constantly and repeatedly asking to see her. Ew. So just relentless monster. Yeah. Yeah. Based on the descriptions from Linda and her mother, the police note that Bert was not the one who threw the lie in her face, but they're certain he's behind it. Of course, unlike before when Linda asked for help and got ignored, detectives are now working very hard to see that she gets justice. And then I wrote in all caps, now that she's lost an eye. Right. Like Right. She needed it a minute before that.


Well, also, it just is that thing of like, people not only didn't see the warning signs of like an obsessive stalker type like this. Yeah. It was romanticized. Right. It was like kind of in the media of like, isn't this sad for this bride? We're not talking about the guy at all. Yeah. We're not saying here's a well-known lawyer in, in this city. Yeah. It's just get the quote from her. Totally. So the cops just need solid evidence to secure Burt's conviction so that they can make an arrest. Right. Fortunately for the cops, Burt can't keep his mouth shut. Investigators secure a warrant to bug his law office and immediately catch him on tape, basically admitting that he orchestrated the attack on Linda.


So he's finally arrested on October 30th, 1959, along with the three men that he hired to help him carry out that attack. Yeah. So the daily news reports this Linda brought to the station house by her police, woman guard, identified the lie thrower, and then kissed every one of the detectives who had worked so hard. Aw. And quote. And then I just wrote in all caps, I don't like that at all. No, No. Maybe I Said like a thank you Maybe, but also just gross. It's gross. What are we doing? Yeah. So as Bert's trial looms ahead of him, his wife leaves him. I, right. It's so wild.


He's de disbarred. He's no longer a lawyer. It sounded like I said discard. It did. But I said disbarred. Yeah. Is what I meant in my heart. Of course, Linda hates him. So at this point, he has nothing to lose, and he starts acting like it. He tries to mess with everyone involved in the trial. So he starts filing frivolous lawsuits against the judge in the case, against the da, as well as against the city of New York itself. God, right. Before he's supposed to head into the courtroom one day, he takes the lens out of his eyeglasses and attempts to slit his wrists. But totally just superficial wounds. Yeah. According to writer Barry Steinbeck, this was Burt's attempt at orchestrating a mistrial.


Barry Steinbeck says, quote, he thought it would incapacitate him for several weeks, too long for the jury to be held. But it doesn't, the scheme doesn't work. Yeah. His, his wounds are not going to hold any trial back. So in July of 1962, Burt Pash is found guilty of soliciting the lie attack and is handed a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison. When Linda has asked for her thoughts on the sentencing, she says, quote, I didn't think it was long enough. I wanted him to rot in there. And the other men are sentenced as well. So Linda's discharged from the hospital in the fall of 1959. She tries to start over. She moves into a brand new apartment.


So she's not in the apartment where the attack happened anymore. She starts to go out in public. She wears stylish wigs. She always wears big, dark sunglasses. She has an artificial eye. Yeah. She basically is kind of trying to get back out there, but she has this future that she planned that's just fading away. Yeah. What happens to her fiance? Well, she, this is very, very sad, but she can tell, she feels like Larry wants to get outta the engagement. Oh. And that he's like, basically feels like he has to go through with it. Yeah. So she basically tells him, she's like letting him out of it. So she says, I don't think it's safe for you to be in this, because he's gonna do something. And like giving him, who knows, an out gives him an out.


He takes the out. Oh, ouch. Terrible way to find out. That's not your true love. Yeah. But how it is she, and she's right. Who knows what he's gonna do once he gets outta jail, it's not gonna be for a while. Yeah. But who knows? So Larry does argue at first, he promises to stay by her side, but he does eventually end the engagement. And Linda's in this spot now where it's just kind of like, so the person that I did wanna marry doesn't stay in. And then this, this guy that I kind of just dated and thought I was having a romance with is my nightmare. And this is just, these are my choices now. Oh, no. Yeah. So she does start seeing a man who seems interested in her.


They date for a while. He even proposes. But the man has never seen Linda without her sunglasses on. Oh. And so she's really anxious. She is objectively a gorgeous woman. Yeah. Obviously she's been scarred and, and you know, has figured there's damage because of that attack. Yeah. But this is a woman who's gorgeous enough and came up in this very sexist and very repressed time where a woman was raised to build her worth on how men, how attracted men were. Yeah. To her, that was life back then. Yeah. So this kind of anxiety and this kind of like, oh, I hope he still picks me, is pretty par for the course.


Yeah. Linda's friend suggests that she make arrangements to meet with her boyfriend, purely for the reason of having him see her without the dark glasses on. Oh, no. So here's what Linda has to say about that plan. She says, quote, lo and behold, he came up to the office one day and I was wearing my clear glasses. And apparently it kind of floored him. Let me put it that way. It was more than he expected. He couldn't handle it, you know? It devastated me. It hurt me, destroyed me. Oh gosh. She also says, you have to understand, I'm now a different person. I'm walking around with shades. I'm never taking off these shades. I'm not thinking in terms of ever getting married, it's just not going to happen.


I am now damaged merchandise. Oh, Honey. Yeah. So that brings us into the early seventies. And now Bert in his mid forties, he's doing time in Attica upstate. And he served about a decade of his sentence, and of course has learned nothing. He continues to harass Linda Jesus. She says, quote, Bert used to send me mail from prison pages and pages of letters. I used to change numbers like you would change underwear didn't work. It never helped. No matter what I did, there was no getting away from birth. Oh my God. He like wouldn't give it up. No. And also, no one's doing Anything. I know, I know. You'd think that he'd be like, he'd get a restraining order against himself. Yes. You know what I mean?


Like he wouldn't be able to send those, they intercepted them at the prison. Yeah. You Would think she couldn't call her something. It was Pre all those things getting set up where it's like, so don't let the guy in jail for attacking this woman, send letters to this Woman, her continue harassing her. Let's put it on the blackout list. Yeah. So in 1971, as everyone knows, because Georgia covered this on this show, there's a huge prison riot at Attica. And during that time, somehow Bert crosses paths with civil rights attorney William Kunzler. Kunzler is probably most famous for representing the anti-Vietnam War protesters known as the Chicago seven. But he also has a deep roster of notable clients.


And remember, Bert is a rich guy, an ex-lawyer himself. He has been giving legal advice to his fellow inmates, and that's probably how he met Kunstler. Either way, the two develop some sort of a relationship. And so then Linda's phone rings and she says, quote, one day, bill Kunstler gets on the phone and tells me how much Bert loves me and he wants to get back with me and all this crap. And I said, if he's so freaking interested, then why the hell doesn't he send me some money? I'm living like a present. I have no money. Let him show his good faith. End quote. Okay. So Linda's in her mid thirties, she has been losing vision into her remaining eye, and because of that, she can't work anymore.


Yeah. So getting money from the man who violently assaulted her is appropriate and seems normal. Sure. So counselor reports this message back to Bert who sees it as a win, of course. Because at least Linda's actually communicating back with him. Yeah. He Sees that as like an opening. Yes. So in the documentary, crazy Love Burt claims, this is when he starts charging for the legal advice he's giving to his fellow inmates. And soon he's able to send Linda around a hundred dollars a week. It's hard to tell exactly how much he sends Linda. He claims in the documentary he sends her $4,000, which is how much in today's money, in 72, 4,000, 19,000, 30,000.


Wow. Yes. So he's sending, he's sending her money, which to me is like kind of a good faith thing of like, yes. You took away her. Yeah. Her vision. Yeah. The Court should have probably, You know. Yeah. Okay. It should have been that. But this is prehistory. Sure. This is caveman times. So 14 years into his sentence, in March of 19 74, 40 7-year-old Burt PGE has a scheduled parole hearing, and Linda knows it's coming. So she writes to the parole board, she tells them to deny his request. She says she'd like to see him die behind bars. She actually writes, quote, I want him to come out of prison in a box. Wow. The judge grants him parole. No Bird is ordered to stay away from Linda as a condition of his release, Which she follows.


Story is over. Right? Yep. In fact, though, he, it's such a big news story that he has been released from prison that although he's not allowed to contact Linda directly, he suddenly has a better way to reach her, which is on the local news. Yeah. For the media. So literally a week after his, he's paroled, Linda's watching tv, and she sees a clip of him in an interview where he turns and looks directly into the camera and says, Linda, I know you're out there, Linda, I love you, Linda, I wanna marry you. Oh my God. Yeah. And now he's free. That's Awful. And if you are the reporter for the New York Post, totally.


Whatever it is. Gold. You're like, we're back on Gold. This is gold. It's gold. And it's, we're not even gonna think about morally if we should do this or not. No, no, no. 'cause we have to. Yeah. And ugh, it's been going on at this point for like 20 years. Yeah. This story is getting, giving so much. So Linda's 35 years old at this point, honey. It's 1974. Then in terms of single lady years, she's about 55. Right. In that statement, in the documentary, crazy Love a friend will simply describe Linda as having quote, no one on the horizon. Oh. So big concern for everybody at the time. Some of Linda's own friends, including the police woman who met Linda while protecting her from Bert before he was convicted, begin to encourage Linda to reach out to Bert.


What? Yes. So it's like they're saying, but he loves you so much. Yeah. What else have you got? Kind of, yeah, I mean, Like the, he's better than being alone somehow. Yeah. Yes. Get a dog, God forbid. Get a cat. You'd be an old maid. Yeah. You could have this guy. Yeah. You could have this guy. Yeah. So, and also she's, if she has friends and family saying that to her, and then she's also the one going through this deal with however she feels about her appearance. Yeah. And the change of it. So about three months after Bert is released from prison, that same police woman arranges a meeting between Bert and Linda.


Honey, at first it's awkward, but Linda also finds it at first disarming and then kind of comforting. 'cause she says, quote, in jail, they made a new man out of Burt. He was muscular, he looked good. I wore my clear glasses. And this is the, this hurts me deeply. Sorry, I'm still in this quote. But I wore my clear glasses. I don't think I could have revealed myself with clear glasses to anyone else. He saw no difference to him. I was still beautiful. Ive, the, the psychological trauma alone Yep. Is just so clear based on that. Yeah. And the, the damage that would be done to like feeling like you might be in love with a person.


Then you're like, oh, but I have this thing. And take your sunglasses off. And that person's like, bye. Yeah. Which is also just what everyone goes through in relationships. At some point you have some sort of Right, right. Symbolic sunglasses that you end up taking off. Right. And people are like, no way. Or Yeah. Or They're like, okay, but you're so damaged that you're like, but I don't believe you. And so I refuse to, I I refuse to allow it. Yeah. 'cause I just won't believe It. And this guy who has harmed her reputably has gotten her to that point where it's like, well then her, it'll just be me. Yeah. I'll be the only one. Broke her, Broke Her in, like worked this system to his advantage in the most horrifying way.


Totally. So Linda's convinced to give Burt a chance. And eight months after he walks outta prison for attacking her with lie, Linda accepts Burt's proposal and they get married. No. Yes. The New York Daily News runs the front. Wow. They lost their mind over at the media. The New York Daily News runs the front page, headline, quote, woman, weds man who blinded her. Jesus. Okay. Many years later, the New York Times reports on the many factors that lead to Linda's decision to marry her abuser. Noting this is the, this is the list of the factors, quote, A Christian sense of forgiveness, the advice of a fortune teller.


The fear that another woman would scoop up Mr. Pash. But mostly she cited her need to move forward. And then there's a quote from Linda saying, if you're gonna remain bitter and obsessed, it will destroy you. Okay. But you still don't need to. Okay. Tough misguided. That last line, of course, echoes Bert's own crazy obsession. But in his case, it seems to have gotten him exactly what he wanted. Yeah, It worked. So the surprise is that Bert and Linda stay married for decades. Jesus. They settle into a strange, sometimes combative, but apparently functional partnership. But instead of retreating to their own private life, they become media darlings.


The couple does the round on talk shows, they sit for newspaper profiles. They lean into the tabloid coverage that so often frames their relationship as a quirky, twisted love story. Instead of just a one long, strange cycle of abuse. Burt eventually starts working as a paralegal, and he even brags after their wedding, my income doubled the first week. Doubled, maybe tripled Gross. Super gross. So Bur knows how to stay in the headlines more than two decades after marrying Linda in 1997, he's arrested again this time for harassment. You heard that? Right? While Linda is recovering from heart surgery, Bert meets a woman and begins a five year affair with her.


Fuck you. So this woman accuses Bert of threatening her life, even telling her, he'd quote blind her like Linda, oh my God. If she ever refuses to see him. So when this story comes out in response, Bert insists he was never going to actually hurt her. I was just threatening this woman. Okay. Even though your record is one Oh. Of actually threatening to hurting. Meanwhile, Linda is of course furious, but stands by him. She tells reporters, quote, for all intents and purposes, he's been a good husband. He sucks right now. Are you crying? No. I'm just so Disturbed. I know. It's, it's horrible. Yeah, it's horrible and So sad.


It's So, I like one hallway going one direction. Yeah. You have to get to the end, which is marriage. Anyway, possible You have to. How do we, do you think that women of today have fully incorporated this lesson? That alone is better than this. I think a larger percentage of women now much larger, double triple, probably understand that. Yeah. But It seems recent. Yeah. That idea. It can't be there can't be that many. Yeah. I guess you, and I'll talk later. We'll talk after. Okay. So Bert gets arrested and has to go to trial for threatening this woman.


Linda acts as a character witness at that trial. How are you gonna Do that? Do you know she's gonna walk in in her sunglasses? Well, He hasn't done that much bad stuff since he threw fucking lie at in my face. Well, here's, it's a little, it's not as legit as it might sound, because Bert is his own Lawyer in this trial. So he's ultimately convicted of second degree harassment. None of none of their plan works. Yeah. He beats the stronger charges. So I guess that part does. He only serves 15 days in jail. For what? For threatening this woman from here. Life presses on for the two in 2007, when Bert is around 80 years old, and Linda is around 70 years old, they're, they become the subject of the documentary.


Crazy Love and director Dan Cloris tells the New York Times that Burt's Possessiveness was still on full display during the filming. For example, Burt could not follow the very simple orders to stay away from Linda during the shoots. Cloris says quote, she didn't want him there. She wanted to talk. I told Burt not to come back for seven hours every hour. His key would be in the lock, and I would tell him to go away. Mm. Just like, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Won't drop, won't. Yeah. There's no confound. So controlling. Yeah. Yes. The film's release prompts another wave of coverage on the couple, which results in a very telling line from the guardian reporter, Maryanne McDonald, who writes, quote, having spoken to Bert on the phone, I have taken an intense dislike to him already.


Creepy man. Nice. So in 2013, when Linda Riss is 75 years old, she dies of heart failure through sobs. Bert tells the associated press that that is, that's it for me right there. Associated press through sobs. Bert tells the associated press. Yeah. So did you just get right on the phone, right. With the ap? Right. He tells them, quote, this was a very fairytale romance. I'm sorry. I mean, I guess in like, fuck. Old school for fairytales. Yeah, Yeah. For grims. 16 hundreds German, Where children get eaten, Eaten and and cooked. And everyone's parents dies. Yes. Yes, sir. Hardcore fairytale. Yeah.


So over the years, Bert Poo G has expressed remorse for what he put Linda through even establishing a foundation in her honor for the visually impaired he pro. But he caused it. That's right. He caused, Yes, he caused, You can't, it doesn't work that way. It doesn't. Yeah, It certainly doesn't. Okay. He promised to leave that foundation 15, his $15 million estate. But instead, when Bert dies on Christmas Eve in 2020, at the age of 93, every penny goes to, who would you, who would you think The girlfriend who took him to court? A brand new one, A caregiver claiming to have been romantically involved with him in his final years.


Fuck. I mean, she got hers then. 15. How did he get $15 million? Well, maybe it was his from before. Yeah. Being a lawyer and he had some stashed away. He said his, his pay went up times three. Yeah. I'm sure they sold stories. I'm sure they got paid to be in places. I don't know. Okay. As of a 2021 reporting Bert's estate is the subject of a lawsuit, alleging that he had been coerced into changing his will ahead of his death. Unclear where that investigation stands today. But it's just one more bizarre twist in a saga that despite so much coverage, framing it this way, hardly feels like it can be called the love story. In fact, back in the late seventies when Linda Riss was asked by a reporter if she ever loved Bert, her answer seemed pointedly, elusive.


She said, quote, I don't even like the word. It's so hard to define. And that's the story of the crazy love of Linda Riss and Bert Pash. Wow. I wanna see a picture. Yeah. That's devastating. Insane. Oh man. Oh, she was so beautiful. Yeah. Wow. That makes me sick. So, Oh my God. Well, great job. Thank you.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip, and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris. The cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap. Or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first, all electric SUV with three rows. Finally, space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive, and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful ionic nine rear wheel drive. S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC Ultra Fast charger and CC S adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air, And that means open windows outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with simply safe With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But With Active Guard Outdoor Protection, simply say it's monitoring agents closely. Watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I Get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady, or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/fav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


If your idea of spring cleaning means getting rid of every single piece of furniture that you swore was temporary four years ago, article is here to help. Article makes it easy to create a stylish, long lasting home at an unbeatable price. And thanks to their online only model, they have some unbeatable prices too. Article offers a curated range of mid-century modern, coastal and scandy inspired pieces that not only shine on their own, but also pair seamlessly with other article products. This thoughtful approach to design makes it incredibly easy to mix and match, helping you create a space that feels cohesive and stylish. Article takes great care, and curating its collection, focusing solely on high quality, meaningful pieces that will stand the test of time. There's no filler. Every item is chosen for its craftsmanship, design, and lasting value. An article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get a choose your delivery time, and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye.


Okay, now it's your turn. Now it's my turn, and we're gonna take a turn. Okay, great. Not right away. This is about a not well known war that took place in Western Australia in the 1930s. Oh, that I, I mean, it's so not well known that we got one email from a listener about it in the Gmail. That's it. Okay. But I think it's gonna be your new favorite War. Okay. Because I know you have so many, I mean, yeah, it's gonna be, it's gonna be tough. I'd say my first favorite wars is mash. Okay. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna start cold and I'll tell you what it's Called.


Okay. In a moment. Okay. I'll wait. Please wait. Okay. Please hold. So we're in the aftermath of World War I. Thousands of veterans who are nicknamed soldier settlers move to Western Australia. And it's a vast area with a huge array of climates. There's tropical coast up North desert, and the interior, a Mediterranean climate similar to parts of California on the southwestern coasts. It's a fucking beautiful place We should all move to. We should. Don't you think? Remember we did like a tour, which was kind of southeastern. Yeah. We didn't go to Perth. We didn't go to Perth. Were mad. Mad. Dang. Next time. So the Australian government has bought thousands of tracks of land to sell to the soldiers at discounted prices in an effort to reward the men for their service with farmland to develop and profit from.


So they're trying to, you know, expand, give back. Yeah. Yeah. There are more than 5,000 soldiers who buy land under the scheme. And the problem is that the amount of land with good soil for farming in Western Australia is kind of low. So many of these soldiers are stuck out on tracks with low quality soil and a host of other issues that haven't really been thought through. In the end, most of these soldiers wind up raising sheep and planting wheat, which is what's most suited to the climate. And in the 1920s, there's actually a string of really good years. The wheat grows well, the farmers are insulated a bit from bad years by selling wool from the sheep. And everyone is making money.


Everything's fine. Then in 1929, your favorite great depression happens. The Great Depression, The great, the greatest, The Greatest Depression. I was falling asleep last night to the world, according to Kunk by Phil. A Kunk. Of course. So funny. It's truly one of the best books ever written, period. Oh, I thought you were talking about the TV show. You're listening to the book. Yeah, the audio book I was listening to. Yeah. Okay, got it. At first, when the Great Depression starts, the price of wheat stays pretty stable. Other prices for goods tank in Australia. So the government pushes a big initiative to get farmers to produce more wheat because it's selling. Hey, great, let's just do it. The slogan they come up with, for the farmers to grow more wheat is, you wanna guess, Hey G, it's wheat time guys.


Nope. It's, it's more complicated. It's just grow more wheat. Damn it. I should have had you on their creative team, God Dammit. The Australian Prime Minister promises the farmers that the government will buy the wheat at a good price. Australian farmers enthusiastically take him up on this offer, vastly expanding their wheat production. Hmm. Right by the, but by the early 1930s, there's a new prime minister that always fucking happens. Yeah. You never, you never plan for that Every time it happens. Yep. That's Joseph Lyons and the global price of wheat tanks, tanks for nothing. The government, You acted like you were reading off the page.


It was good one. The government, which already is facing a massive deficit, actually goes back on the previous prime minister's promise because they can do that. Yeah. So the situation is already fairly bleak at this point. By October of 1932, that's where we are. When that year's wheat harvest is supposed to start farmers in the town. I'm gonna get these wrong Australians, I'm real sorry, farmers near the towns of Campion and Wal Golin. That sounds right. Yeah. We're porting issue. So this area is one of the drier parts of the state, and it wasn't as well suited to farming already. Right before. The farmers are meant to start harvesting their wheat on this land.


A plague overtakes the farms and wreaks havoc on the crops. They trample. They devour their, more than a nuisance there downright pestilence of epic proportions. This is the story of the Great Emu War. Oh, wow. What Imu, All of a sudden these poor soldier, soldier farmers, gentlemen farmers, It's like an hard, not going great. They're Just trying to make the best of it. And suddenly they Tuck their wife into coming. It's gonna be great. We're gonna be farmers, we're gonna own land. It's okay. It's, you are afraid of birds. That's fine. There's hardly any birds out here. Yeah, No, no, it's totally fine. It's Australia. We could go wrong.


I mean, wild animal wise, not snakes. Careful Snakes. Crocs Are, and big shout out to my researcher, ally Elkin, for even coming up with this story because, so Good. I saw it and responded in all caps. 'cause it was so exciting, you know? Yes. So lemme tell you. So a little bit about emus, since I don't know how familiar you are with them. I, I could be thinking of kiwi, which is the small bird. You're, you're, it's not a kiwi. This is the large one that looks kind of like a ostrich. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So iVOS are actually native to Australia. And I wrote like Charlize Theron. Wait, that's not right, is She? No, I think she's South African shit. You know who I met?


I met Nicole Barbie. Nicole Kidman. Oh yes, yes. Barbie. I met Barbie. Margot Robbie, Margo Robbie. Fuck man, I can't even get that word. Don't believe a word. I Say you had so many choices. I did. Just blonde, beautiful actresses. Yeah. And I picked the wrong fucking one. They're the world's second or third largest bird. I couldn't tell Based on searching. Right. They're right after ostriches. So ostrich are bigger than them. Then there's IUs. Okay. IUs are considered one of the closest living relatives to dinosaurs. Yes. Right. Okay. Particularly to raptors. Oh man. Yeah. They're the only species of bird that has calf muscles. Ew. That's so creepy. Isn't that creepy?


And little like fighting Irish tattoos on those calf muscles. Exactly. Even worse. And they can jump seven feet high. They can sprint for short distances of 40 miles per hour. No, that's Fast. That is Very fast. That's like on the freeway. Yep. Here. And that's actually about the speed of an average race horse too. So they're fucking fast. Little shit. They're fast. Right. IMOs have a pouch in their throat that they use to make deep booming and grunting sounds for communications that are Me too. You know, I was gonna say that. This is you too, particularly during breeding season. Hey. And then here is where a note to Georgia Ali put a video of an IMU running to see how fast it could go.


And then I gotten a fucking rabbit hole of IMU videos. How'd it go? I wrote Zoomies. 'cause Iuss get Zoomies Iuss playing fetch with a little girl, dog and baby. There's a one with a dog and a baby. IMU playing. They're fucking adorable. Okay, so are do, is this like, people now have IMU farms? Yes. Like they're raising them like austros. Yes. Okay. So yeah. So I went down this rabbit hole. I saw them run. It totally looked like the beginning of Jurassic Park with all these long necks just like it. They're really fun. And I want one now. And you're, yes. I was gonna say, and you're like, but Vince, come on, just one more. Come on. We gotta Save the Emos. And actually, some Emos can be gentle and affectionate if they're raised that way from a young age.


But others can be aggressive and moody, especially if they're not socialized property. Ditto. And they may react angrily to being touched or handled. Hey, say what's up? Yeah. So they have tiny wings. So they're flightless, but they're known to migrate very long distances in search of food and water. In the past, emos typically moved through this area that we're in toward the coast without staying long before. But there's been a drought in 1932. And the creation of this new farmland has both cleared areas of vegetation and obstacles and has established new water sources for livestock in irrigation. It's the perfect place for emus.


So in this area, in this time period, guess how many migratory emus visit this area at once? I'm gonna go ahead and say, You don't have to guess if you don't want to. I mean, look, I don't wanna, I don't want to guess, but I have to guess. Okay. No, I really want to, I just, the One emu standing here, how many do you think fucking showed up for the great IMU war? 520,000 What? 20 Fucking thousand emu. Oh, no. Onto this like smallish area of farming. Because also they're eating that wheat That they're eating, eating the wheat.


Yep. They're drinking all the irrigated water. Water. They're like stomping. They're trampling. They're like wreaking havoc. Partying. They're fucking partying. This Is their kind of, what do you call it, burning man? It's a 1932 early burning man. Totally move Style. Hey, you meet me on the playa. Hey man. Be yourself. To put that number in perspective, ally, let me know that 20,000 emo would fill your typical arena where an NBA team would play. It's the exact capacity of the crypto.com arena. So imagine playing basketball and then you look up into the crowd and it's fucking just wall to wall emus. And they're like doing weird shit. Like they're gonna come down And You Right. They're like getting ready to they.


And they're dinosaurs. They're dinosaurs. The same amount of feathers as ostriches. I think so. Yeah. Yeah. They, they're similar to ostriches. They kind, you would think it was an ostrich. Yeah, you would. Yeah. You would. Yeah. You'd get it wrong And you wouldn't be stupid. Right. For it. Yeah. That's what we keep telling ourselves. Right. And to make matters worse, high tariffs imposed in the post-war and depression area have made wire netting prohibitively expensive. Oh. So they can't afford to fence out the emus. That's not a choice. Oh No. I know. So it's Literally a perfect storm. It is. So the farmers who are all vets, remember they're all veterans to World War I. Yes. They do the level headed thing and they write to the Minister of Defense asking to su asking to be supplied with machine guns to kill the emos as you do.


Well, the problem is, and I think we've talked about this a lot of like it's sheer numbers where it's like, yeah, if it was 500 emus right, they would be a little more reasonable. 20,000 of these birds, 20,000. And then, so maybe because the government has jerked these farmers around so many times with the price of wheat already. Like they, they kind of know they're in trouble with these farmers already. They want to appear like they're helping them. So the minister says yes to the gun request. But since the government of Australia has smart brains that think in a normal way, machine guns are tightly regulated there. Yes. Can you imagine? I mean, what a, what a world to live in. But also in the thirties they just, because the, the farmer soldiers asked for machine guns, why can't they just have regular guns?


Right. They wanted machine guns. I know it sounds more fun. Probably. They're probably bored outta their fucking minds at this point. And they're enraged And enraged. So instead, three specially trained soldiers are sent from Perth to the region to operate the machine guns. Okay. So like, oh, okay, good. Everyone doesn't get a machine gun. Great. These three guys get a machine gun. We'll send machine guns to you With people who can operate them. Good plan. And it's not just like a little machine gun that you can hold and operate and move around with. It's a huge tube that needs to be propped up. It has a wheel of bullets. It's like, you know, a World War I type gun. Yeah. The rest of the farmers are allowed to help shoot at the Emos, but they have to use boring old, regular rifles. Okay.


So the farmers also agree to house the three military specialists and to pay for the ammunition for the guns. It's not the greatest deal Plan or deal for them. Yeah. But I, you do have to do that thing where like after a while you're like, sure, but you did agree to do this huge crazy thing. Yes, That's True In But under what pretenses, like were they lies True. Where it's like, oh, you can farm this beautiful area, but it's Australia. So it's like it's all snakes and spiders. Yeah. They can't, the expectation couldn't have been Right. And no emos Easy breathing. Yeah. There was no c, no emo claws. No emo claws. We guarantee no large bird will come at you.


Un mass. Legit dinosaur. Yeah. Hoards of them. Yeah. Okay. So the army specialists are overseen by a man named Major Gwynne Purvis win. Aubrey Meredith is his name, Are his six first names. Yeah. Cool. And so he's, there're overseeing it. And then a cinematographer also joins the group to film the anti emo offensive. Okay. Which is great. Yes. Presumably because people in the Australian government believed it would be successful. They're like, let's send a cameraman out there. And this will be great propaganda for like what we do for our farmers. The soldiers arrive on November 2nd, 1932, and the war begins on the first day. They arrive a flock of 50 Emos is spotted at one of the farms.


So they set up their guns on some nearby high ground. The guns jam almost immediately and the Emos scatter. Ooh. The next day, the soldiers have a bit more success when they set up ambushes around water sources, but immediately proves to be very slow going between the rifles and the machine guns. The soldiers are able to pick off about out of 20,000 emus in one day. They pick off about 12 emus max before the rest of the flock has scurried out of range. Yeah. So in a day's work that's 12 emos outta 20,000. And that's a good day. It turns out, oh, the farmers in the military have woefully underestimated their adversaries. I I told you about how fast they are and I told you about how they have calf muscles.


So they're like, So they're cool. Yeah. Kind of hot. The soldiers that were sent to the farms, they start getting nervous. They've been instructed by one of their commanding officers to bring back at least a hundred emu skins because emu feathers are used to decorate the ceremonial helmets for a particular military unit in Australia. So this commanding officer was like, Hey, this is a great way to get a bunch of fucking Emos. But it's becoming increasingly apparent that killing any emu, let alone a hundred to bring back, is not going to be easy. Yeah. Because the iuss have now started to appoint their own officers Oh. Who act as scouts for the rest of the flock.


Yes. Yes. They're Fucking smart. They went back to headquarters and they said, sorry, those guys on the hill do not want what's best for us. No, something's going down. That's Right. One IMU work correspondent wrote at the time, quote, the emus have proved that they are not so stupid as they're usually considered to be because they do run around like fucking idiots. Like they do run around like they Look goofy Like turkeys, But doesn't mean they're dumb. No. He says, each mob has its leader, always an enormous black plumed bird standing fully six feet high who keeps watch while his fellows busy themselves with the wheat. At the first suspicious sign he gives a signal and dozens of heads stretch up out of the crop.


Dinosaurs, a few birds will take fright. Starting a headlong stampede into the scrub. The leader always remaining intel. His followers have reached safety. Wow. End quote. Shit. So fucking Papa bear is like, Hey guys, here they are also scatter. We've survived for hundreds of millions of years. So we got this. Yeah. We're fucking dinosaurs. No one panicked. Remember those cavemen I from back then? Remember those fools real recently, fool. They Barely made it. It's those guys. These are cousins of those guys and They think they're gonna kill us. They're after the first week of the emu war, it is reported that the group have used 2,500 rounds of ammunition to kill just 300 Emos.


Oh my God. And that's a generous estimate that comes from one of the military specialists. And You know, they fucking raise those numbers. Absolutely. So I'm gonna read you this quote. The one person who wrote toward Gmail about like, you guys should cover this story, it's really crazy. Is someone named Z Greedy. She, her and Z, greedy included a quote from someone named John p Rafferty that came from the Wikipedia. So here is that quote that is a agro included. Okay. Quote, the machine gunner's dream of point blank fire into Siri. Masses of emus were soon dissipated. The emu command had evidently ordered gorilla tactics and its unwieldy army soon split up into innumerable small units that made use of the military equipment uneconomic.


Meaning like you're wasting your fucking bullets. Yep. Meanwhile, in parliament, prime minister Joseph Lyons, remember him, is now facing questions about the expense of the EMA war. One of the members of parliament from Sydney asked sarcastically if any of the parties involved in the EMA war should be receiving a medal. Harsh. Yeah. And someone says, if anyone should be getting a medal, it should be the ous. Sounds Like a fun parliament. It's true. After two weeks, the Ous seem to have learned the range of the machine guns. They fucking, yeah. You can't, you can't hit me this far. You can't get me. I'm outta your range. That's What it's like when you can't leave the part of the couch that you have won. Right. And so then your sister just walked just out of range of like, well then I'll go get myself like a cookie.


Yeah. And you can't have one. Exactly. They set up shop in the wheat fields just out of that range and move every time the soldiers reposition themselves scatter when the farmers get close with the rifles. All this scattering and running is also causing the emus to trample more wheat than they would have if you had never started this fucking emo war after the most successful day of the war where maybe two dozen emus are killed. RIP, one of the military specialists examines one of the dead emus and finds that it has five bullets in its body, some of which are clearly old wounds from the beginning of the campaign. Oh shit. Which means that the IMOs are staying alive and running at close to full speed. Even after being shot multiple times.


Like they're fucking terminator. Yes. They're like, oh no, we're going to win this. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't that creepy? Like, oh, it's crazy. It's like sending a message with his body. It's looking more and more like the EMA will win the war until suddenly on December 2nd the war is called off. I think they're like, let's cut our fucking losses. Yes. This is insanity. The soldiers claim to have killed between 1000 and 2000 emus out of roughly 20,000 that were in the combat zone. And the emus seemed to become a part of life for the farmers at this point. Having bested the soldiers still in future years, the soldiers settlers will continue to request machine guns to fight off the fucking emus.


'cause I bet they're reproducing. But the Australian Ministry of Defense will turn them down every time. Instead, the soldier settlers are supplied with additional rifles and eventually they become more successful at fending off the emus on their own. Picking 'em off one at a time. Yeah. Yeah. Between the 1940s and 1960s, the farmers kill more than 200,000 of them under a bounty system. Oh, that's a lot. Peta doesn't like that. No, that's bad. I mean, They're so cute. Little babies are the They're so cute. I mean, can't it be like you just get rid of enough so that your stuff isn't at risk. Right. It always has to be this like, now they've killed 200,000. Right. And there aren't now they're endangered.


Yeah, exactly. Okay. So then later, eventually the price of fencing comes down and this becomes a much more practical way to deal with Emos than fucking killing hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of them. Then in 1999, emos become a protected species in Australia. Yay. And there are about 600,000 of them living in Australia today, which is considered a strong population. Hmm. So Good. They're back, baby. Good, good, good. All riddled with bullets and old wounds. Yeah. Oh My God. Yeah. Grandpa's telling the stories about how he survived the IMU war. Oh, they, they thought they got me with this one. I just kept running Major Meredith, remember him with a really long name. He goes on to have a story, the military career having already served in World War I, he also serves in World War II and in the Korean War with distinction.


But I bet that IMU war stuck in his craw. That's the one that Got him. Don't you think that's the one he fucking couldn't win? Yeah. And that is the story of the Great Emu War. It's totally insane how, you know, once see picture, it's so good. Here's A farmer with an imu, dead imu oh's. Pretty sad. He's all mad. He's A big bird, right? Yeah. That is a big old Bird. You know, he's saying crikey. He's saying, my calves please. My calves. Wow. All Right. That's, that Was great. Thank you. Thank you Ali for finding that in the depths of the internet. Nice one, Ali. Yeah. I really didn't understand what we were doing at the beginning.


No, but it was fun. What do You think was gonna happen? I don't know, but I'm really happy to hear like the idea that like here's how we're, we're, we're gonna use sheer brute force to solve a problem. Yeah. And then that problem's like, you're not going to though. No, that Doesn't work that way. That's always, I think a better, you know, it's good. It helps people evolve better ideas. Yeah. You gotta learn how to live in harmony with nature. Yeah. When You get, you get your ass kicked. If not, or how About somebody figures out cheap barbed wire? Ya fools. You could have saved yourself so much time. Right. Okay. So let's do fucking arrays and then we're also gonna do our own fucking arrays, which I love because it like makes me think throughout my week like what's going well and what's going on.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Yes. I think that was one of the ideas when we originally thought of this was kind of like focusing on on the positive and gratitude and stuff like that. Pay attention to the good things. Yum. So mine is that I finally bought and put together my, my very self put together one of those bird feeders that have a camera and an app on it that you can see who's eaten your bird feed so far. It's a squirrel and an adorable mouse. And that's it. Oh. So it's not going great. Well you're, it's kind of your urban version where you need to get the, you need to get the birds. Yeah. There. But the squirrel's like, he's like angry. It's been really fun watching him try to figure out how to get to it.


And you did, or she did and They finally made it. Yeah. Like, it'd be like, Hey, you have an animal and be like climbing the tree near it clearly. Trying to like jump somehow. Yes. It's like, it's charming, but there's A whole adventure. You know, we got my dad that for Christmas. Yeah. We still, no one's put it up. We're like, well he's not gonna put it up. Right. Me and Laura are not gonna put it up. It's kind of hard. I guess we have to TaskRabbit it somehow, but Yes. Well I can do it now On there. Okay, great. If you wouldn't mind driving up. Not At all. What's yours? I wanna do a fucking hurry. That is as superficial as possible. The thing that's been really getting me through like the last month is just like a timed, like a timed and planned morning latte.


Oh. Where it's like this little special kickoff. Yeah. Treat yes. That. Then I don't know why, just that thing where it's like, instead of like waking up and just being like soldier through it, like get, yeah, get these things done or start whatever. It's like, no, no, no. It's like it's latte time. It's a little like I'm still laying in bed and then I get it. I order it and I pick it up and then it's just my little thing that gets me from like, yeah. This block of time to that block of time that Is so hugely important in your day to day life. I think I'm very inspired by the, the millennials and the Gen Zers who are always about like, get yourself a little treat. Yeah. They're real big into that. Yeah. Because they're like, Hey, guess what?


If I don't do this, I'm still not gonna be able to afford a house, so I'm gonna fucking do it. So, and have a daily fucking moment of joy. Yes. Get aggro about finding your little things of joy so you can go from little piece of joy to little piece of Joy. It's very important. It's very nice Approach. Okay, now we're gonna read yours. You guys can comment them anywhere you want on Instagram, on all the places On LinkedIn. Yeah. Get over There.net. Dot biz biz YouTube. We have YouTubes up now And you can comment your fucking hoorays there. So here are yours. You want me to go first? Sure. Okay. This one. Fucking yay for Fucking hooray. Nice. It's called, it's from our email. Hi ladies and everyone. It exactly right.


Today I accepted my dream job as an elementary school librarian. Yes. Oh, I remember mine. So important. I have worked so hard for this and I cannot wait to help kids see themselves in the books they read. Especially now when reading and books are under attack by our government. S-S-D-G-M And always remember to fight for libraries and for public education. Manny, he him. Thank you, Manny. Great job. Manny. You're so right now that libraries and books are under attack from our government. Yeah. Is a true statement being made on this podcast in 2025. Manny is Sally forth. Manny is kicking ass. Thank you.


Yeah. And thank you to all librarians. Definitely. Okay, you go. Okay. Well this one is, it says, my fucking hooray is fast food chili question mark. Question mark. That was sent in into the my favorite murder Gmail. It says, yup, it sure is. After avoiding Wendy's chili in my entire life, due to the notion of errant bloating thumbs in it. No, I was finally brave enough to order it. After listening to Karen's recent deep dive, I'm happy to report that the chili is pretty damn decent. Wow. And honestly, in this motherfucking upside down world, having one more decent option for lunch is in fact a fucking hooray. I mean, right. And then it says, so.


Thanks Karen. I also told my boyfriend he should start eating walnuts before drinking his coffee. Because I heard on a podcast that it's good for your esophagus and heartburn. He looked at me quizzically and said, but you only listen to murder podcasts. Yeah. I replied. Yep. That's where I heard about it. So I guess TBD on whether or not he takes the advice. Thanks crew for all you do, Lindsay. Aw Lindsay. Thanks Lindsay's Just turning it all around. I love it. Chilly. My last one's from Instagram, my hashtag fucking array is that on Sunday I completed MFM. That's my first marathon. Hey. It was hashtag fucking hard. But I finished in three hours, 48 minutes and raised 1.5 K for a local cat rescue.


Hey, it's at Pad Paw Animal Rescue who specialize in senior sick and hard to adopt cats. Mm. I also volunteer and foster for them, they rock. I conquered a bout of flu and a dog attack during my training. Jesus. Wow. And I'm pretty fucking pleased with myself. MFM kept me going through many long runs. Love the pod now to ice my old knees at. And it's Sophia with a ton of S's in the beginning and a ton of A's at the end. Sophia? Yeah. Pad pause, animal rescue, everyone go follow them. That's a great one. Yeah. Well, Sophia's getting it all done. Yeah. Well, same with this person. This is also from the email and the subject line of it is wanna be on stage with Bernie Sanders.


And then it says, last week I got this text from my friend and union president. Oh. And then in parentheses it says, I'm her VP asking me if I wanna be on stage at the Fighting Oligarchy tour. Stop in Folsom, California the next day. Wow. The answer was obviously yes. And that's how I ended up in the VIP section directly behind A OC and Bernie representing my local and state teachers union. The event was huge. We could see the constant stream of people coming in the whole time. It was surreal and it filled me with such hope in this very dark time. Wow. My face made it on national news today. And then in parentheses it says, look for me in the pink sunglasses. Cute. And then it says, it blows my mind that my coworkers and I were part of history that night.


Good will prevail if we stand together. When we fight, we win. Rachel, Amazing. Rachel. Yes, Rachel, great job. Great work. And thank you teachers in the and teachers unions. Yep. Fighting for education For their children, not just for their children. For everyone's children. Even the people who are fighting against them. Yep. All of those children still get fought for because we gotta do this and stand up against straight up fucking fascism in America in 2025. Amen. And thank you guys for listening. We appreciate you being here. Staying strong. We're We're locking arms together, audio wise, spiritually, emotionally.


Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Heck and Molly Smith. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Maren McGlashan and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen To my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on Xact Wright's YouTube page. While you're there, please like and subscribe.


Goodbye. Goodbye. Bye.


This July 4th, celebrate freedom from spills, stains, and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant, and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees, every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ionic nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


Taking care of yourself is hard enough without adding a blender and a bucket of spinach to the mix. Groons makes it simple to get your greens. No chopping, mixing, or pretending you like Kale. Required just eight daily delicious gummies packed with over 20 vitamins, minerals, and 60 whole food ingredients. They're vegan, gluten-free, and tastes like fruit snacks. Plus, there's Groons kids for the little ones, whether you're already into wellness or still figuring it out. Groons fits right into your routine. You've got nutrition gaps and Groons fills them. Use code MFM for up to 45% off. That's code MFM for up to 45% off. Groons. Get your greens the easiest way possible. Goodbye.