
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row, all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


Did you know an American Home Shield warranty helps protect items in your home that you use every day? If Covered parts of your hvac, electrical, plumbing, or appliances break, American Home Shield will fix or replace them no matter their age. You Can save on a new plan today. Our Listeners get 20% off any plan. Visit Ahs.com/mfm to sign up and see promo details. See ahs.com/contracts for coverage details, including limited amounts, fees, limitations, and exclusions. Goodbye.


Goodbye.


If you've got a million tabs open in your brain at all times, you don't need a wireless service that slows you down Visible, Gives you unlimited data and a fast, reliable connection so you can keep scrolling until your fingers fall off. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the go. Ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make The switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Hello And welcome To my favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard Start. That's Karen Kilgar. This Is the podcast we've been doing for 9.3 years. Yeah, That's so true. Most people do seven Years And bail or podcasts. Seven podcasts. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think anything's changed? How? How have you, have you changed at all in the past nine years?


What Has changed? It's a real business. It's a business that we have to do in a businesslike manner. It Is a business setting. I'm wearing a business dress from the seventies today. Yes, you are. To do business. That's right. In her eighties probably. How did it feel to do business in a dress like that? Powerful. Yeah. Yeah. There's like a power play to this dress. Yeah. And to dress in like a business lady. Yeah. And having like a, not a suitcase. Briefcase. Briefcase. I don't have one, but that would be great, Wouldn't it? When you get, when you get one. When I get to that level, Lock it down. Once I Get to the level of briefcase, I remember my dad coming home from work when I was a kid and like go in his briefcase and smell it and there'd be all these like paperwork.


Like it was just exciting. Yeah. Like Dad's briefcase. Dad's briefcase. What? What was Marty doing when he had a briefcase? He worked at Century 21. He was like, yeah. A real estate salesman guy. He was a salesman. So we'd come home from these business trips and we'd open the briefcase and there'd be candy bars for us in it. Hell Yes. And it was like, fuck. Yeah. That's kind of funny because that just made me realize that there was a part of me that was disappointed that my dad did not have a nine day, like, you know, when you're kid And you just think your life is supposed to be exactly like the kids at school size, You were disappointed that your father was a hero firefighter and it was boring to you. It was like, why doesn't he come home with a tie on? Yeah. Why doesn't he, so at some point he was gonna get a business degree.


He was gonna finish like his unfinished college. Yeah. Yeah. So he was gonna get a business degree. And so I would go in and look at his homework and the example from his homework was something about opening a shoe store. And I was like, you're gonna open a shoe store downtown. And he was like, it's not a real shoe store. It's a practice. And I was like, what kind of shoes can we get? And I was so excited to be like, that's what normal people do. Yeah. But then they don't work. My dad opened a hotdog franchise in Lake Arrowhead in the eighties. And guess what? It's not there anymore. I mean, it's just one of the many things you can do. Like restaurant business. Yes. You can be a realtor. Sure. You can be all these things. You can also be a civil servant and just leave the house for 48 to 72 hours a couple times a week.


Sure. You can roll back in And, but the point is you have a briefcase. And that's the most important part. For some reason, that is what adulthood means. Yes. That's signals responsibility. It signals something. Yeah. How about I make a challenge to you. Okay. On the next episode of My favorite Murder, and people that watch the video of this will be able to see it. Oh, you and I bring in our briefcases that we're gonna start using at work. Okay. Find a Briefcase Challenge. Briefcase Challenge. Let's do it. Steal out of the closet in Atwater Village. Right. Literally the first thing I thought of. Yeah. They'll have a briefcase. You can't buy it online. Nope. Can it be a purse that looks like a briefcase? It's whatever. You would like to go along with your empowerment.


You know, this is my work empowerment clothing, which means you can't make me dress up. I am so powerful at work that I literally wear the same boots Because I can every Single disgusting day See my power movement that in that vein is just don't come in. I just feel so powerful that I just don't come in. Wow. When I don't want to. Yeah. So yeah, it's a choice. All right. Briefcase. That's for sure. Briefcase. Next episode. I think it would be fun. Okay. Let's do it. Because I also have now exact briefcase in my mind that I'm going to try to find. Of Course you do. I can see it. Is it oxblood leather? Yes, I knew it. How did I know that? I, that's what it's supposed to be. Someone else's initials on it. Great. Yes. A little worn and kind of bent up at the bottom.


Yes. Are we both now trying to find an oxblood briefcase or was yours different? It Just, that's what comes to mind when one thinks of eighties women's. We've gotten so far off the deep end on briefcases here. This is the deep end. We should have named, if we had named this podcast The Deep End, we would've never gotten in as much trouble as we used to Or as much money. Okay, guys, Take the good, you take the bad, you take them both. And there you have the Faxa podcasting. That's right. Speaking of, what a weird coincidence that last week I mentioned to you, Valerie, the Dachshund. Yep. Who had gotten lost on Kangaroo Island in Australia. Not even lost Kangaroo Island. I don't think she was lost.


She was fucking Thriving. Thriving and living her best life. She escaped. Yeah. The clutches of capitalism. You know what I mean? Yes, I do. And like the clutches of like conformity. And she was like, absolutely not Just running, Running free. Running free and being taken care of by animals on that island. Totally. It's gonna be a movie. So she was on her own for 529 days. And then I mentioned her and then like two days later she got found. She Was on her own for two years. Yeah. Basically. Do you want, do you wanna see a picture of her? She looks really happy. She looks really proud of herself. Yes. She's a little fucking bitch. Well, She should be Be very bad girl. Very bad girl. But try telling her that So much footage of her just running. I know. And then like night cam footage of her like eating the food that's left for her being like, fuck you.


But they say animals were grooming her because she's looks so good. She's not all fucked up looking. Oh yeah. So they were like animals on that island. We're definitely taking care of Valerie. Valerie, what a sweetheart. Well, I'm happy for that. So good job everyone. Good job everyone. Good job everyone. Including and mostly Valerie. Yeah. But now we have to go into one of the most dramatic corrections corner ever. Another Australian issue. Everyone in Australia. Listeners, I want you to know, and maybe I'm wrong about this too, but here in the US we say emu, right? Yeah. Emu. It just sounds like a meme. Australians. We understand. It's the way you say it. Yes. We're not arguing that anybody should say it. Say it the way you grew up hearing it in your region.


Right. Because to us, to me, I'll say me too, saying Emu sounds like you went to London for a semester and now you're back with your beret and you're different pronunciations. Oh, sorry. We kiss on both cheeks. I, I forgot that we're not okay. Oh my God, I, I spent the two weeks in Paris. Yeah. So I say imu, we say IMU here, But also completely understand. But you can't expect us to say it. 'cause that would be like if we were like, oh, the aluminium foil. Right. Oh, you know what my mom Janet said, she told me like, blah, blah, blah. No, I'm not gonna do that. We can't. It's because Then you'll yell at us for that. No, you won't. You don't yell at us. But you Know. Well, and also the yelling is the show. This really, it is part Of it. What you do, the yelling We fuck up so that you have something to engage with, something Real to yell about that doesn't make you feel horrible.


Also, how many podcasts have you listened to where someone is doing something weird and it drives you insane? The entire episode. Yeah. That's podcasts. Yeah, that's true. There's so many of them to Choose from. Now let's go on to the next correction. Okay. Oh yeah. Which is that I referred to Eben Moss, Bach's role in the Bear as him being the brother in the bear. And I Knew that he was called Cousin. Yeah. And yet I just let it go right past my head. But who cares Because it's personal conversation. Also, I watched the first season, have not yet watched the second season. Definitely plan to Stressful. So fucking stressful. It's so stressful. The first season episode where they forgot to turn the thing off and the orders just started coming through. Yeah. I've watched all three seasons. I don't think I can handle the cortisol levels that it brings for season four.


For real. I just don't think I can do that. Some Of us already have that cortisol coursing through our veins. Yes. Yeah. I have that still from when I worked in restaurants. Yeah. I don't need it again. Have the same thing with writer's rooms. It's like, why would I watch a TV show about the most stressful time in my life? Yeah. Right. So No, it's a no thanks. But yeah, not to say we don't love that show. Oh, yeah. Conversational details. You'll get me on that every time. Yeah. And and that's okay. Yeah. That's why we're here. That's why we have briefcase. And also that's, that'll be, that'll go on our notes in our briefcases and we'll fix it in each, It's exactly what will go in our briefcase. Because Listen, there's certain parts of Ireland that I'm scared to even discuss or talk about. We all are, when I hear people talking about dairy.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And remember that I called it legendary because I intentionally was like, I better look at a map to get this right. And how wrong that Is. Even maps are wrong. Even maps are wrong. Maps do not reflect, I'm sorry, Cultural requirements, Significance and requirements. Speaking of cultural significance and requirements, we have a podcast network, it's called Exactly Right Media here, some highlights. And This week on the knife off record, Hannah shares the wild true story of Osama El Atari. A flashy conman turned jailhouse informant who helped take down a serial killer. So fascinating. Cannot wait to listen to that. Also, she and Peisha discuss the book. There is No Ethan by Anna Akbari, which is part memoir, part explosive Window into the Mind of a Catfish.


They are doing the most fascinating stuff over there. Great show. Great podcasters. Yep. And speaking of our newer shows on dear movies, I love You, Millie and Casey are talking about the magic of Mockumentaries and the iconic film waiting for Guffman. Ugh, the best. They're also joined by the hilarious art and Miran to talk dirty dancing. And Millie almost kicks Casey off the podcast This week. Things get so heated, so make sure you tune into dear movies. I love You on the most dramatic dear movies. I love you. Yet This Podcast Will Kill You. We'll be doing a two-part series on raw milk starting This week, because what is the deal with Raw milk? The errands kickoff the series with the look at how dangerous milk was before pasteurization, how Louis Pastor changed the game, the rise of anti pasteurizer, and how today's raw milk movement ties into a bigger anti-science agenda.


So definitely listen to that. He'd Be like, Hey, are you interested in milk? And I'd be like, no. And then you read that paragraph And you like, yeah, I wanna know everything about, that's what they do. They make milk interesting. Also, with all of the deregulation that's happening right under this administration, we are going to need to know this stuff because it's about to start getting seriously dangerous. Absolutely. Speaking of Dangerous on Ghosted by Roz Hernandez. Roz smashes a ghostly mirror on Unleashes Monet Exchange. They talk past lives, Bigfoot and Joan Crawford's extremely haunted house. Hell yeah. If you love Monet Exchange, which we all do, you have to go listen to this episode of Ghosted. Also, Nick Terry has brought us a brand new episode of MFM Animated.


It's called Bumper Boats. It's based on MFM mini episode 4 26, and it is now available on our YouTube channel. So please go over to our YouTube channel. You will find full episodes of this podcast. It's called My Favorite Murder. Full episodes of Buried Bones, and much, much more over on youtube.com/exactlyright Media. Please give it a follow. It helps us in closing out with some beautiful and huge news from the merch world. Our S-S-D-G-M necklace has been restocked, so we put up this gorgeous gold necklace. It's designed by a listener, which is so exciting. So cool. Yeah. Nina Palacio and her company is called Civil Collective, C-I-V-A-L. It's a gorgeous gold necklace with a beautiful shiny chain, and it says, stay sexy.


You don't get murdered on the little pendant. It has MFM on the back, it's MFM on the back. So Cute. This necklace sold out in hours when we first put it up. So go ahead to exactly right. store.com and get yours before it's gone. Ooh, it's like heavy. Yeah, it's very high quality. And I really love Nina's actual like font and design on that pendant is so pretty. Can I watch? Oh, I did it over my headphones. Oh, Perfect. Does that work? Yeah. Did you give a little turn to the Yeah, just hold your shirt. Open this hole. Okay. Like that. Yeah. Now there's your power right There. We got the sex appeal for this episode.


Boom, boom.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris. The cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap, or you can just skip the stress and get the car. That's thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first. All electric SUV with three rows. Finally, space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful ionic nine rear wheel drive. S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC Ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


If your idea of spring cleaning means getting rid of every single piece of furniture that you swore was temporary four years ago, article is here to help. Article makes it easy to create a stylish, long lasting home at an unbeatable price. And thanks to their online only model, they have some unbeatable prices too. Article offers a curated range of mid-century modern, coastal and scandy inspired pieces that not only shine on their own, but also pair seamlessly with other article products. This thoughtful approach to design makes it incredibly easy to mix and match, helping you create a space that feels cohesive and stylish. Article takes great care and curating its collection, focusing solely on high quality, meaningful pieces that will stand the test of time. There's no filler. Every item is chosen for its craftsmanship, design, and lasting value. An article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get a choose your delivery time, and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder. To get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more, goodbye spring is in the air,


And that means open Windows outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But With Active Guard Outdoor Protection, simply say it's monitoring agents closely. Watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I Get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady, or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's Simplisafe.com/aav. There's no safe, like simply safe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You're first. I'm first. Okay. So I got the idea for this story from a post on the really awesome Instagram account at Real history uncovered. Nice. And they're always just putting out fascinating stories I had never heard before. It breaks my heart. I I follow a lot of TikTok accounts like that too. Yeah. Where I'm like, can someone please teach me what has happened in the past that's of interest and like Yes. In a way that will engage me. Totally. And there's so many, and that's what we do. Kind of, I mean, the people that are like historians. Oh yeah. They're like, this is why you will love learning about this about Milk. Totally. I agree. Okay. So today's story, Karen, it's gonna sound like it comes out of like Victorian England.


Great. But it doesn't, it's actually more recent. Oh, That's bad, right? No, it's so, I mean, it's just like so dated. If I didn't tell you what year this happened in, you'd think it was from like the 18 hundreds or 17 hundreds. Okay. But it's not, it's from the 1970s. It's about a serial poisoner who was responsible for at least three deaths, but possibly allegedly several more. It's a really frustrating case because many people look the other way or even enabled this person ultimately costing several innocent lives. This is the story of the teacup poisoner. Hmm. It sounds like an episode of Dr. Perot. No, Mr. Perot. Perot. Poot Perot. Yes. There we go. Yeah.


Dr. Perro. Dr. Perot. That, oh, that's my ob. GYN. Okay. The main source for this story are a documentary called Murder in a Teacup, clever and Reporting from the Daily Telegraph. And the rest of the sources can be found in the show notes. So it is May of 1971. Picture It. Guess how old I am? Zero one. Oh right. My first birthday. Oh Yeah. Right. Yeah. Thanks So much. Happy worst birthday. Thanks So much. It was great. I had a good, really good time. We're in the village of Buffington. Buffington Bing. Yeah, please say it the way that Bingington right outside of London, Bing Buffington, this small village is home to a business called John Hadland. That's the name of the business. Okay.


Which manufactures highly technical camera equipment. It's a smallish firm with about 80 employees. That's a big company. Right. John Haglin I bet had a really nice briefcase. I bet he did. Yeah. Many of those employees have worked there for decades. It's just like a small town with a nice little fucking business in it. It's a very close knit environment, is what I'm trying to say. I get you. An employee named Bob Eagle comes down with a mysterious illness. Now Bob oversees the company store room and he's 60 years old. Up until now, Bob had been completely healthy, but now he's having stomach cramps, diarrhea, and vomiting. The trifecta of you've been poisoned. Yes. That's what we know now. Something terrible has happened. Right. And it goes on for weeks.


Bob gets much better when he takes a week off for vacation, which should have been a red flag for everyone. But then the mysterious illness comes right back again when he gets back. Yeah. I think that's what's great about being a marina is like, even if you're wrong, at least you're looking into like the suspicious thing that like the red flag. You know what I mean? Yes. Like yeah, you're accusing someone of being a poisoner, but what if they are? Well, Just standing by for the people who are just like, well, I guess it's nothing. Yeah. Go back to the place where you start to get sick every time. Right. Like it's just the thing. There's some of us from trauma who have severe pattern recognition abilities. Yeah. And so when other people kind of don't or intentionally turn away. Right. It's both frustrating and then also ultimately very satisfying.


Totally. Well, it seems that other people around the company are also getting sick. They initially dismissed it as a virus that's been going around nicknamed The Bobbing Bug. The Bobbing bug. But in Bob's case, this illness becomes deadly. By July of 1971, Bob is admitted to the hospital, not just with stomach cramps, but with paralysis as well. He dies in the hospital and the cause of death is ruled to be pneumonia. At Bob's funeral, one of his newest and youngest coworkers represents the firm in giving his condolences to Bob's grieving widow. This young man is named Graham Young. He's only 23 years old, and he started work at the company right before Bob started getting sick.


Hmm. His coworkers know that Graham had spent time in treatment after a like vague family tragedy, And that he's gotten his job through a special training program after having undergone treatment. But what they don't know is that Graham has already been convicted of three separate poisoning deaths. Oh no. Yeah. Nobody told anyone. Okay. That is very Victorian of the seventies. Right. I mean, how could you know, how could you not at least Yeah. Have some kind of messaging there. Yeah. Like do you have a record the way you would after like, or just like, Yeah, go get that job good faith and everything and then this senior staff needs to know Yes, if anybody starts getting bad stomach aches, please call us immediately. Exactly. Something, Something, something. Okay.


And that's kind of what this story is all about. So let me tell you about Graham Frederick Young. He's born on September 7th, 1947 in North London. His mother dies only 12 weeks after he's born. And he's initially raised by his aunt and uncle, and eventually his father remarries and he reunites the family, which isn't great for Gram because his stepmother Molly, it says they don't get along. But I feel like if you're an adult And you don't get along with a little kid, it's kind of like Mm. There's more to it than that. Yes, for sure. You know, you just like don't have differing opinions and political views. You're just like, you're not that cool. You're stepping into a family to become like a mother figure.


Right. You're not allowed, allowed to not get along with anyone under 15. Exactly. Like you don't ask questions to little kids in public And you don't not get along with little kids. You're the asshole in this situation. Yeah. Am I the asshole? Yes, you're the asshole. Yeah. You should have marked little box on the dating application and said No kids. Yeah, exactly. As he gets older, Molly starts destroying his belongings and withholds food from him. So Graham goes on to become a very isolated child, not surprisingly, who makes no effort to make relationships with other children. This being the 1950s, no one really addresses these issues. He's just considered an odd kid. And as soon as Graham is able to read, he becomes obsessed with nonfiction accounts of murder.


This doesn't mean much on its own, but then Graham becomes interested in the occult and he tries to recruit other kids in the neighborhood to join him to ritually sacrifice a cat. I don't, you know, this is just the line I saw. But during this time, several neighborhood cats go missing dark Triad. You might as well just say it exactly. As Graham gets older, he discovers another fascination. And this one I feel like is like part of the dark triad. Like Outer bubbles. He's obsessed with Hitler in the Nazis. Oh. You know what I mean? Yeah. He takes to walking around in a black leather duster and carrying a copy of Mime Kaf by Adolf Hiller. This is always bad news, but this is also England only 14 years after World War ii.


But Graham's biggest fascination appears to be chemistry. Graham's father buys him a chemistry set and Graham is obsessed with it. He spends so much time reading about chemistry that at the age of 13 he's able to walk into a chemist and convince the chemists working there that he is 17 because he knows so much about chemistry that they assume he can't be that young. So he's Really smart. Yes. Yes. And 17 just happens to be the age that you're allowed to buy large quantities of arsenic, antimony, and thallium. There's an age limit. 17. Yeah. 17. What? Yeah. I mean, I'm sure there's some, like if you're, if you were a rat catcher or something like that, there's reasons you would need to do that, but why wouldn't we bump that up to 21?


Just like kind of in an adult. Yeah. If you have a job and it's because It's the seventies and they don't care. God, it truly was like, we're gonna try to kill you in every way Possible. Yeah. Can you get away with it then you got away with it. I did. Congratulations. Thanks so much. I was really young and I made it. Yeah. So all three of these chemical elements are usually considered heavy metals and they're all highly toxic at the time. Arsenic and antimony, which by the way I think is pronounced differently in England. So just Anini, Anini, antimony, they are well-known poisons, but thallium poisoning is generally unheard of. If you're interested in this, don't forget to read the Poisoner's Handbook by Deborah Blum that has so much information of old school poisoning.


Yeah. It's so good. She's so good. The people in the chemist shop believe that Graham must be a high level chemistry student because they're like, why would a child be interested in this? Yeah. It's an easy assumption to make. Yes, Definitely. And Graham tells him he's using these chemicals for studying purposes. So they're like, oh, he, you know, must be in school. And it's true that he's gonna use these for studying purposes, but it would've quickly become apparent to anyone paying attention that Graham is studying the effects of these poisons on live subjects. Yeah. So not great. Yes. Again, he's about 13 years old. He's the best student in his secondary school's chemistry class. But it's known around school that he has a little laboratory and an outbuilding on the school grounds where he conducts experiments on caterpillars, mice and frogs.


And he does this while other kids are playing at recess. Yeah. So that's his fascination, which is like, doesn't mean anything yet. He could go in a completely different direction and become like a brilliant scientist. Very True. There are a lot of kids that went into an area like this and then, you know, it's like abusive household. Yeah. You can assume you're looking to escape. Right. Super smart. Yeah. And pretty pissed off. Yeah. And then maybe some, like some communication skills are lacking for various reasons or Right. Yeah. It'd be cool if this, this story turned like then he is 16 and he joins a band. Right. Something like that. You know what I mean? He's a becomes a really good guitar player. Right? Totally.


No, no, that's not what happens. Okay. In 1961, when Graham is 13 or 14, one of his classmates named Christopher Williams becomes very sick while he's at school. He's vomiting uncontrollably and Graham tells his family about Christopher's illness saying quote, they brought out a bucket for him. I sat and watched. It's like observing the effects of your scientific experiment. Yeah. On another child And telling people about it. Yeah. Knowing that they're not gonna be paying attention enough to Yeah. Ask the right question. So basically it looks like, you know, Christopher fell ill because of something Graham had given him maybe a cookie, but Christopher recovers and survives and it seems like it's not likely the only time that Graham poisoned someone in at this period.


God, but Nobody does. Junior High. Yeah. Junior high. Secondary school, as they call it. I'm so sorry. Secondary school. Secondary school. Right around the same time, Gram's whole family actually also becomes sick at first it's intermittent and gram's father actually suspects that his son is just being careless with his chemistry set. Like you left the Arsen nickling around near the tea, You know, or something. It is like you silly boy, you Crazy. Nut boys will be boys with their arsenic And Graham denies this and his father Fred doesn't really press the issue. Then in November of 1961, Graham's older sister who is in her early twenties also becomes ill, and she's actually diagnosed by a doctor as having been poisoned with Bella Donna.


So he's, this doctor at least is like maybe the only one in Britain in the past 200 years who guessed that someone was getting poisoned. 'cause like they were like, you have pneumonia, bye. Right. Just over and over. Yeah. They just had one blood test in the seventies. That was it. So you gotta really figure stuff out from Yeah. And didn't show up. They didn't take it unless you were dead. So That's right. Yeah. But even though the doctor is like, this girl has been poisoned gram's, father still doesn't report on his son. Like isn't like, you know what's funny about that is I have someone living in my house who is fascinated with poison. Yeah. No. Doesn't either want to connect it or doesn't wanna get him in trouble or doesn't believe it, whatever it is.


But then a few months later, in April of 1962, Graham's father comes home to discover the stepmom, his wife Molly on the ground in the backyard riding in pain. Graham is back there too. Just standing above her, watching her, Molly's taken to the hospital but is not able to recover and she dies The stepmother, he kills A fucking stepmother. Oh my God. Doctors believe that her cause of death is a prolapse of one of her spinal bones because she had been in a bus accident a few weeks earlier. So that's what the cause of death is. But Graham's father still doesn't involve the police. I think he probably just wants to believe otherwise. Right. For sure. Yeah.


Like just, you know. Well, and it just sounds like the household was not doing well. Yeah. In general. And they gave him a reason why she died and has nothing to do with poison. So why would he be like, you know who you should look at as my son? Right. They're not related At all, except for the part where he was standing over her while she rides in pain. Not a great look, just not a great look, Just a mark against in my opinion. Yeah, Just keep that in the mind. You're not gonna tell the cops, but just you're gonna keep it right here. You're Father Yeah. Is absolutely gonna keep that right there. And then you'd hope hold onto that being like, I guess I am saying it. Yeah. I'm not saying it shit, what do I do? And Graham's father has Molly quickly cremated and some people say, this was at Graham's suggestion. Or maybe he was like, yeah, you know, why would he do that?


I don't know. Very shortly after this, Fred, the father becomes ill having frequent bouts of vomiting and he's hospitalized and diagnosed with antimony poisoning. So that's probably the same doctor that saw the Bella Donna. He's like, I'm the only one here. Yeah. Maybe I mean also 'cause it is like it's a village I've never heard of. Not that I know all of them are. Sure. There Can't be a bunch of hospitals in the 1960s. If it is a smaller place. Maybe you have like a handful of doctors too. Yeah. If it's somebody that's seen stuff already, they're like, Maybe he's A witch. No one's going. No, no one's gonna sit there and be like, well let's see. The son is the only one left. Yeah. So he's doing something. Yeah. No, it's only then that the police get involved once this happens.


Because one of Graham's teachers hears about Molly's death and Fred's hospitalization and they finally go to the police explaining about the other kid's illness at school and saying that Graham had openly brought samples of various poisons to school with him to analyze them. So he's not keeping any of the secret. He's almost like daring people to catch him. And they're like, no thank you. Yeah. We find our own business here. Finally, this Teacher shows them the inside of Graham's school desk, which I just had like chewed up pencils and Hello kitty crap. I had a nice little packet of spree. You know the candy sp spree that comes in that long roll? Yes. And it fit perfectly in the pencil holder. Oh, that's okay. So I just had them right there and then I just so Satisfying Slowly put them in my mouth.


Well not Graham, his desk is stocked with books about poisoning and various vials. Wow. You know, it's Just all sitting right there, Not even trying to hide it. When they go through his bedroom, they find quantities of both antimony and thallium. And it's believed that Graham had primarily been using antimony to poison the whole family. But that his stepmother, Molly had developed a tolerance while, 'cause he had given it to her over months, like slowly poisoning them. And the anoni likely weakened her bones so much that the prolapse of the backbone after the bus accident did actually happen. But it was because the poison was breaking down her bones. Oh my God.


So's That's crazy. Yeah. So she wasn't like misdiagnosed and like how do they not see she was poisoned. Maybe that's true too. But The chain of connection, whatever that I'm trying to say is The little red string on the corkboard In the TV show homeland. Yeah. It's all coming back around to like, oh geez, Poison. Yeah. God. Yeah. Later it's believed that he had administered a large dose of thallium to her the night before she died. She's such an excruciating fucking death. Also, it's a, just that idea of like sitting there and unknowingly building up a tolerance to something that is kind of lightly killing you. Yeah. The entire time. Yeah. Ugh, it's so the princess bride. It is. It's also very, it's very symbolic of all of our lives.


Truly. So Graham is arrested in May of 1962 and confesses to poisoning Christopher as well as his father and sister. He's not charged with Molly's murder, A stepmom's murder because there's no physical evidence to charge him with because they cremated her. A judge recommends that he be sent to Broadmoor hospital for at least 15 years. So at age 14 he becomes the youngest person sent there since 1885. Wow. That's a special place. Just out of junior high. He gets sent to Broadmoor For the little more than the amount of time he's been on this earth. He gets sent there. And Broadmoor as we know is like not messing around. No. It's not a pleasant place To be.


No. So he goes to Broadmoor and shortly after he arrives a fellow inmate dies of cyanide poisoning. Oh, what a coincidence. Just Right when he gets there, he is able to, yeah. As a 14-year-old, it's treated Like a huge mystery. Even though Graham boasts about having committed the poisoning immediately after it happens. Like no one takes this kid seriously, it seems like. I mean, he's there for god's sake. Yeah. Not a visitor. No. He says that John had annoyed him And that he had made the cyanide by distilling laurel leaves, which grew on the broad Broadmoor grounds. So he just made his own. Yeah. Poison. He's very smart. Yeah, He's very Smart. I mean that's And industrious, but he's a murderer.


Yeah, He is. And the staff of Broadmoor totally believe that he did this, but for some reason, no higher ups take any action and the patient's death is ruled to suicide. Moving on. Okay. Yeah. And people keep getting sick at Broadmoor while Graham is there. On one occasion, patients and staff start feeling ill while they're drinking tea, which, you know, they do so much, They really love it. Yeah. And then a patient discovers an empty box of sugar soap near the communal tea urn in the dining hall. Sugar soap is an abrasive compound used for cleaning walls. I think it's like the powder soap that you get maybe. Oh yeah. Yeah. You know, The incidents never directly linked to Gram. It's dismissed as a prank, but it could have resulted in mass poisoning if more people had drank large quantities of the tea.


And it's so interesting that he left the box behind almost like he's so smart. That couldn't have been an accident. You do that on purpose. Absolutely. Because I mean, and I feel like we've seen this a little bit before where it's like the longer they don't get caught. Right, the more outrageous everything gets. Yeah. The more they are. I mean it feels similar to that sociopathic kind of I'm the smart or psychopathic, whatever the correct term would be. Yeah. That I'm the smartest person. Everybody is just a fool and I can manipulate all these things. Totally. It's like now he is daring. Yeah. He wants to know if he really is the smartest person in the world. Definitely. But it doesn't matter because Graham is released from Broadmoor in February of 1971 when he is 23 years old after only serving nine years of his 15 year sentence.


Hmm. Graham had openly told hospital staff that he plans on killing one person for every year of his time at Broadmoor. It's noted in his file, but I guess like towards the end of his sentence, he starts acting well and they're like, guess he was joking. Everything's fine now. Let him go. I mean, that's all, it took good behavior. It's like he's telling them Yeah. To hear it and see it. Yeah. And they say no thanks. No. He's still just a kid like, you gotta teach your children Well or something. Also, there's a piece of it that is like he was not seen or heard he was abused. Yeah. And then it just is continuing. Yeah. Like no matter what he does. Yeah. He's kind of invisible.


Yeah. After his release, Graham is put into a job training program where he's trained to work as a storekeeper managing inventory. And under this program, some of the administrators in the training center are made aware. He had been recently released from Broadmoor. So they are letting those people know. But it seems like no one knows why he was there. Kind of the most important. Definitely part Of that information I would think. Definitely. Hey, it's not flu season and everyone's getting sick. Yeah. Here's what you gotta Do. Check your sugar. Yeah. During this time a fellow student at the training center become sick. According to some articles. He had been a sailor and had never been seriously ill in his 21 years of life.


Graham's roommate, Was that connected to him being a sailor? No, just that he got sick, which has never happened. Oh, okay. You know what I mean? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Got it. And that's why he was a Sailor. You're like, he's a sailor. So he never got sick. Right. I'm like, what is it? Is it the wind that big sails? They're not intertwined. Okay. They just happened to both be true. I see. And then also Graham's roommate in the hostel he lives in also falls ill both men ultimately recover. And Graham finishes the program moves away, nobody gets sick again. There At least no one died there. Well this brings us to April of 1971. When Graham gets a job through this training program at the John Hadland company where we started the story, his immediate supervisor, as I said, Bobby Eagle dies within two months of Graham starting at the company.


Nobody gave anyone a heads up there. And since no one at John Hadland had any idea about Gram's past and no one seems to be keeping any kind of tabs on him after his release, nothing is done. Gram is promoted to Bob's position as head of the storeroom after Bob dies. Huh? Yeah. He wasn't trying to get that. I don't think so. Yeah. No, I Don't think he cared. I don't think storeroom was his like passion. No. He was killing through poison. Yeah. Was was his Passion. By September of 1971, John Hadland is having major issues with staffing because so many people are getting sick with various ailments. Most of them stomach related, but there are also complaints of hair loss and headaches.


Remember that one office, like many years back when they had to evacuate the building 'cause they opened the fridge and food had been in there so long that it was like a toxic mold. No. That it got in the air and everyone started getting sick and they had to like hazmat the place. No way. Yeah. I don't remember that. That's incredible. Office Bridges are so disgusting. There Are definitely half burritos in our refrigerator that I am responsible for that probably could kill people. But Brian, our office manager, goes in and throws shit away. Okay. 'cause we don't need that liability. I actually caught Brian sniffing the milk. Oh. When I ran outta the meeting really quick to go get a spoon and he was just standing there like this. Good. And I'm like, thank you very. Oh no, Thank you so much.


Oh no. You guys believe pass by dates, they're there for a reason. Yeah. And also have somebody with their eyes on Yeah. It matters. Thank God. Thank God for Brian. So other people complain of hallucinations, which probably weren't fun, like on drugs. Yeah. When you don't have a reason for hallucinations, they Suck. You don't know it's coming. Yeah. And suddenly you're just kind of like, yeah, the carpet is snakes or why does Your face look like an orange peel? Come on. Yeah. You're not out on a hill somewhere enjoying yourself. No. You're in an office. Yeah. Oof. It sucks when you're sober, let alone fucked Up. Let alone hallucinating against your will. Yeah. So people wonder if there could be an issue with water contamination or radiation, but no one has pinpointed the cause.


But at this point, another employee, a 60-year-old man named Fred Biggs is admitted to the hospital with similar symptoms to Bob Eagle who had passed away. So stomach issues that devolve into paralysis and Fred passes away two months later in November. Wow. That's two dead of the company and many sick. So after Fred's death, a company doctor meets with all the employees to reassure them that like everything's fine, even though we don't know what it is. Mm. Are okay. Okay. Sign here. Having a job sucks so much anyway. Right. Just thinking of any like office job I've ever had or it's always the gap. But that idea where you're just kind of like, this isn't my dream. Yeah. I'm trying to make a buck.


I might, I just wanna get home and I Die over It and I'm just going to drink the wrong cup of tea because no one can communicate. That's How I felt after nine 11 when it was like, I'm gonna go to my high-rise building, but I hate Ooh. And I might die in it like for fucking minimum wage. Yeah. That doesn't. No, no. I should just stay home for zero wage For, for several years. I thought you were gonna say. Okay, so Fred passes away. Okay. So the doctor comes to me with everyone and tell them everything's fine, even though clearly everything is not fine. And at the meeting Graham can't help himself. He stands up and starts asking lots of questions, which everyone hates the guy who asks questions in meetings like, shut up. Yeah. Can we get this over with?


Graham asks if the doctors have considered the possibility that both Fred and Bob were poisoned by Thallium. So he's just like, He wants to, wants To get caught. For Sure. He like wants credit almost. Yes. Yes. Not like he wants to stop. He wants credit. Yes. The company did keep Valium on hand since it's used in photography, but Graham was actually getting his Valium from outside sources. So when pathologists examined Fred, they realized that he has indeed been poisoned with Valium and the doctor and the company president called the police. Great. They're like, Hey, This guy who kept raising his hand in this meeting is super suspicious. The police search Graham's room and find not only large quantities of poisons, but also a detailed diary in it.


Graham writes about poisoning Fred and Bob's cups of tea and documents the men's responses to the poison. Like he's doing a science experiment. Yeah. He writes about Fred saying quote, November 10th F must have a phenomenal tolerance to the compound for he's still Abstinently alive. If he survives a third week, he will live. This would be inconvenient. End quote. So just sociopath. Yeah. Can we agree Sociopath or psychopath? Yeah. This is our unprofessional opinion. Unprofessional opinion. Up to the Broadmoor doctors to actually Diagnose. Yeah. And they didn't, it seems like investigators believe that Graham would poison cups of tea from the company Tea trolley and then he'd bring them to Bob and Fred.


So Personally deliver them. Gotta Keep an eye on your drink, you guys. What a time. Yeah. I mean tea trolleys. God sounds nice. Can you imagine just someone bringing you a nice hot drink every 30 minutes? Could We get that Here? Yeah, I think we could. Okay. So Graham is arrested and is tried a year later in Jude of 1972, he is found guilty on two counts of murder, two counts of attempted murder, and two counts of administering poison over the year between the arrest and the trial, the details of every single glaring red flag Ingram's life is reported on. Mm. And it's a big sensation. He's nicknamed the Teacup Killer, which he actually hates the nickname 'cause he thinks it lacks gravitas, which is like, you don't get to pick your nickname, you are a murderer.


You don't get to like it or not like it. Whether you're a murderer or whether you're in seventh grade, you don't get to pick your own nickname. Never in this world. It's just facts of life doesn't work that way. In the wake of the trial, the UK's home secretary calls for a complete review for the process of releasing patients with violent histories. So thank fucking God for that. Yeah. And the end result of this is an establishment called the Advisory Board for restricted patients. So something does come out of it, which isn't really much comfort to the people whose family members were killed. Yeah. But something does, gram is found guilty and sentenced to life at Parkhurst Prison. On is of white there Gram's only friend is another prisoner named Ian Brady of the Moores murder.


Yeah. Right. So that's who your friend is. That's the kind of friend you Keep. You have a lot in common. And they probably both zapped each other when they saw each other with that same psychopathic. Hey, what's up? Definitely. I actually covered that. The Moores murders in 2017. In episode 62. Trust issues and skate issues. Who knows what that meant? Trust issues and skate issues. So Graham dies of heart failure in 1990 at the age of 42. Although some people believe that he was actually poisoned or poisoned himself in the end. Mm. Because 42 is pretty young. Yeah. And that's the story of the teacup murderer. And that's all there is.


That is all you're going to say about it. It. That's it. That was amazing. Yeah. I mean, it's so old timey feeling, but it's not Just this kind of like somebody that's just berserk with poisoning. Yeah. And nothing happening with No repercussions at all. He killed his stepmom. Yeah.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris, the cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first. All electric SUV with three rows. Finally space, even in an ev, the IION nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful Iion nine rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


Temperatures are starting to rise, which means you're setting your baseline level of sweaty right now and it only gets worse from here. That's Exactly why you need to close that. Breathe look good. And we'll keep you together until September. That's Quince. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen, shorts and dresses starting at $30 plus luck, swimwear and Italian leather platform sandals The best Part. Everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, Quince gives you luxury without the markup. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. It's that time of year where the weather's changing. And I realize how few short sleeve shirts I have and I truly logged on to Quince this morning. They have all these beautiful linen shirts, all these beautiful cotton shirts, stuff where you're like, I don't wanna be hot and this is gonna help me so much. Beautiful linen in the summer is my favorite. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye


Cat. People don't mess around when it comes to their pets. I've seen them act that way on the internet. So if You're serious about your cat, it's time to start using a litter that loves cats as much as you do. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty lit is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. It's The cat litter that gives you peace of mind. Their crystals will change color to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infections and kidney issues. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I love that you get this like small box of cat litter and you're like, that's not gonna last me long. And I know that because it doesn't make my back hurt when I carry it into my cat box area. But lo and behold, it's such good litter that one bag does last up to a month. It's so crazy. It's such good litter. It makes your house not stink. It's all the things Dream come true. Right now save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy@prettylitter.com slash mfm. That's Pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Pretty Litter cannot detect every feline health issue or prevent or diagnose diseases. A diagnosis can only come from a licensed veterinarian. Terms and conditions apply Seaside for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Well, great job. Thank you. Frustrating. Yes, but amazing. Yes. This is similar but an a totally different area. Okay. The story I'm gonna tell you, I think when I thought of it, it was over the holidays because you know my dad, he basically watches football and golf and the news and the weather. And Then like just if you had to make me pick one of those, I couldn't pick One right now If I had to watch one of those four things. Football, golf, news, weather, Weather. Yeah. Right. It's pretty great. Yeah. Because then you can like talk about their outfits and I mean, I'm into weather. If it's extreme weather, especially Nothing. I love more than a person that's going like this to a big map.


But actually in their real world, it's just a big green piece of paper. That's so weird. They just have to pretend and look in the monitor Professionals, They know exactly which direction to move their hand. Yeah. Even though it's the opposite of Fascinating. Okay. Sorry, that was off. Off topic. Go Props to other people. Yeah. And also then anything on PBS, which we've already talked about. Yeah. So he'll just watch any old documentary, but when he calls me to say, Hey, did you ever see this movie, the Woman in Gold? And I was just like, no, tell me all about what we're talking about. And then he's talks about it like, is it the greatest film that was ever made? Oh my God. Because he will not like pay for any extra apps or anything. Yeah. So he's truly trying to catch real time movies on regular tv.


I Forgot what that Was like. Right. So it really is actually like when you do stumble upon a good movie, you're About to start and you're like, I'm in Here we go. And it's historical nonfiction, like, bring it on. Okay. I've never heard of It. So I'm pretty sure that's how we got to this point of me telling you this story right now because it is a really good movie. So it's late 1990s in Vienna, Austria, and the Austrian Gallery in the Belvedere Palace is where countless works from the country's most celebrated artists are put on display. And one of the visitors at that museum today is a woman named Maria Altman. She's in her early eighties and she lives in Los Angeles, but she's originally from Austria.


But because she's Jewish, she and her family had to flee Austria and Europe during World War ii. So today's a bit of a homecoming for her, but a complicated one. I bet she's not here for a leisurely stroll. Through this museum, she moves through the building, the very determined and focused gate until she comes to a very specific painting and then she stops. And this painting is the portrait of Adele Bauer one and one of the most famous paintings by the painter, Gustav Klimt. You might know Klimt from his painting The Kiss, which is Oh sure. Really gold. And then the guy over the girl. Yeah. But this portrait, the Adele one.


Oh yeah. Oh God is also very famous. Yeah. Looks like it's made out of mosaics like tiles. It's just a gold and beautiful. So gorgeous. And a woman in a beautiful gown. Yeah. An amazing piece of art. Yeah. Clamped truly is one of my favorite artists. Like the Kiss. The Adele one has an ornate and dreamy look portraying a woman in a textured and vibrancy of gold, her face calm, her dark hair pinned up and her hands gently clasped at her chest. This is considered to be an art Novo masterpiece, but for me at Altman, it is much, much more valuable. The beautiful woman in the painting, Adele is Maria's aunt, and this painting was commissioned by her Uncle Ferdinand for years.


It was proudly displayed in their family home in Vienna until it was stolen by the Nazis in the thirties. Whoa. So when World War II ended, the painting somehow wound up in this museum and not only did it become the Austrian government's property, but it was one of their most prized pieces of art. Wow. And that's why Maria's here today. This is the story of Maria Altman and the hard fought battle to reclaim her aunt's Portrait. Wow. So the main sources are 2006 episode of PBS's Life and Times, which there's no way, my dad did not see it, aired on KCET, which is the LA PBS station, a 2016 BBC article by Kimberly Bradley called The Mysterious Muse of Gustav Klimt and archival articles from the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times.


And the rest of the sources are in our show notes. So first we'll talk about Maria Altman's family. So in the early 19 hundreds, the Bloc Bauer family is one of the wealthiest and most culturally connected Jewish families in Austria. Maria's Uncle Ferdinand Block is a sugar baron, and his wife, Adele Bauer, is the daughter of a banker and a railway executive. Wow. So as a sign of how influential both families are, when Ferdinand and Adele marry, they hyphenate their last names, which is very uncommon for the time. Yeah. Okay. So The block Bowers are like, it's the block Bowers motherfuckers. Yeah. I'll say that Again. That was on there.


Wedding invitation. Their thank you notes just said it's not the block Bowers motherfucker. What's that called? Their family crest. When You write a letter and it's your Oh, they're stationary. Oh yeah. Yeah. They're letterhead. Is their letterhead what I was looking for. Yeah. So the couple are enthusiastic patrons of the arts. They're known for hosting salon nights in their gorgeous Vienna mansion. Just, just once Can I see it? Just the Electric lighting, you know, making the place glow. I be, it was so beautiful. And, and they have Art pieces like that. Yeah. Just sitting around gigantic. Gorgeous, beautiful modern, The canopies alone. Oh. So at these salon nights, artists, musicians, intellectuals, all come together for basically a big dinner party.


An amazing conversation and like to perform for each other to there's, you know, it's, it's like artist intellectual night. Yeah. The artist, Gustav Klimt is one of the people in this group. So in 1907 he has commissioned by Ferdinand to paint two portraits of 22-year-old Adele. Both pieces are beautiful of course, but Adele one becomes the crown jewel of this family's vast art collection, which is said to be one of the most extensive in all of Europe. Wow. So about nine years later, in 1916, Maria Altman is born when she and her family visit her Aunt Adele and Uncle Ferdinand, which is often the Adele one painting is essentially like the backdrop of all of her family gathering memories.


Oh my God. In 1925, Adele passes away at the age of 43 from meningitis. Oh no. Yeah, of course. Ferdinand devastated and he moves her two portraits into his bedroom, basically creating a shrine to her. Oh, very sad. And the other portrait, which I love just as much, it's just a totally different vibe. It's that one so gorgeous rich Tapestry. But it's like the turn little after the turn of the century. Yeah. So like advanced, gorgeous and cool. Anyway, so 13 years later, 1938, Hitler moves into and takes over Austria. And at this time, Maria's in her early twenties, she's newly married to a young opera singer named Fritz Altman.


So Fritz Altman is taken hostage by the Gestapo and he's held until the family assets are transferred to the Nazi party. Wow. When he's released, the couple is placed under house arrest. Luckily Maria and her family are able to get out of Austria at this time, including Maria's Uncle Ferdinand. So that was the thing is like of course if you had money Yeah. And you had any kind of connections And that started, started up And you could see the signs you got out. Yeah. For a short period there was a way to get out if you had the means. Yeah. Yeah. But having the means also means they have to leave everything behind. Right. So all that art, that entire mansion. Yeah. Everything that was in the mansion.


Jewelry, I mean, they just had to leave with what they could carry. Yeah. So all of it is plundered by the Nazis, including invaluable sentimental items like a cell LL belonging to Maria's father, Gustav that had been played by countless musician friends at those salons. Maria says quote, when the Nazis came and picked up the cell LL it was like the threat of life was cut. My father died two weeks after that. It was absolutely a broken heart. He died of a broken heart. Wow. So also, Adele is actually wearing in the painting Adele I, she's wearing a diamond necklace and earring set that they actually had at the house. Sure.


And that's also stolen along with everything else. Ferdinand gifted that set to Maria as a wedding present. But during the war, it winds up in the hands of Hitler's second in command. Herman Goring, who gives it to his wife, Ferdinand Sugar Refinery and his home, the mansion are also seized and all the artwork and cited. And the Nazi known as the principal architect of the final solution, Reinhardt Heidrich moves into their home. Did you See zone of interest? Oh, I watched that with my dad. It was just that when she gets the bag full of fur coats Yeah. And there's just stuff in the pockets. It's just like so quietly haunting that movie.


What about the scene where the mother-in-law is up in her room? 'cause the fires Yes. From the concentration camp ovens are lighting up her room and she's just standing at the window. That was one of the, It's gone the next day. Yes. It was like one of the scariest And it's so like just, there's no sound. No. Except for like the distant it's Yeah. Haunting. I think that movie also won for sound design. I bet. 'cause of all of that. That was such a huge part Of that movie. Yeah. Zone of interest. You guys wa make sure you watch it. Have to see it gotta be up on this shit. Well, yes. Today, especially in these days especially. But also 'cause that thing of like, there's a wall And we ha we can pretend over here. Nothing's happening over there. Right. Good point. So essentially everyone knows that this is what the Nazis did during World War ii.


Then they lost. Important to remember that. And then of course what happens after the war, the chronology is very unclear. So it's hard to track what happened to the Bloc Bauer family's art collection. The BBC describes it as a quote, ownership limbo. What we know is that a handful of their paintings, including clamps, two portraits of Adele, are shuffled between different Austrian institutions. They ultimately land at the Austrian Gallery in Vienna. So meanwhile, the Bloc Bauer family has split up of course, because they all had to emigrate. So Ferdinand winds up in Switzerland, he passes away just a few years later in near poverty. Oh yeah. 'cause of course they took everything away from him.


Maria and Fritz arrive in the United States in 1940. They actually had to like escape and kind of bounced around Europe a little bit. Finally got to America in 1940, they settle in Los Angeles and basically rebuild their lives from scratch in Los Angeles. Wow. Fritz gets a manufacturing job with Lockheed while Maria starts selling luxury cashmere goods made by her brother-in-law, Bernard Altman. Hmm. So Bernard Altman fled Austria and relaunched his small business selling cashmere goods in New York City after, of course, the one that he had in Austria was taken over by the Nazis. So at this time, cashmere is like a novelty in the United States.


Really? And the average person doesn't know anything about it, basically. Yeah. But as Maria shops the clothing around the department stores in boutiques in Southern California, the cashmere business takes off. Wow. Before long Fritz gets to leave Lockheed and they're able to open their own shop in Beverly Hills. Oh my God. Yeah. So Marin makes a personal note to me, which I love because her personal notes are always as interesting as anything else in the story. So Yeah. Does that too. She said you can still buy Bernard Altman's vintage cashmere pieces on places like Etsy and eBay. Ah, I want one. So you can, something to look up and just see. Yeah. But so interesting to me because Cashmere, like my mom was obsessed with cashmere sweaters and like she would, that was a big gift she would give you on your, your Yeah.


You loved those certain birthdays. I love them. But it was because Cashmere in the fifties meant you were like, you had money. Yeah. And it was very like, your cashmere sweater is a beautiful look. You know, it's weird To me that that time period in like a maybe one mile radius is where my family is living their lives. Yes. At that. At that very moment. Absolutely. It's so weird in la. Yeah. They Probably went to my grandfather's butcher shop and bought their meat from him. Right. Absolutely. You know what I mean? Yes. So crazy. And the children of the future will be able to like hear this conversation then be like, you like press your a button in your head and be like, now you can play the movie of that happening. Oh God. Go back to that day. Wouldn't that be amazing? Yeah. If it's okay. It is. It Is not gonna be okay.


Whatever. It's Okay. Whatever. It's all Bad. Yeah. Trying to put a nice spin on future of ai And I'm like, No. Then you have to live in that movie 'cause you're actually in prison. Oh, sorry. Too negative. Take it out. No, Too negative in the middle of a Nazi story. I know. Leave it. We've lost all perspective. So for a couple that's been through Living Hell and lost nearly everything in the war, Maria and Fritz are now living the American dream and earning the American dream. They become US citizens. They are successful business owners. And over the next several years, they welcome four children together.


Their lives are safe, they're stable, and even joyful, which is a beautiful thing after them having to go through something that horrible. Yeah. So over the years, the Altman's, as a family try to get the Block Bauers art collection back. They actually succeed with some pieces, but they don't have much recourse when it comes to the higher profile works, including five clamped paintings, Adele's two portraits, and then three landscapes, and then also some of clamped drawings. Wow. And that's because the Austrian government is adamant that Adele wanted those portraits and pieces to stay in Vienna. They seem to have the documents that back this up, including a note Adele wrote before the Nazis plundered everything in her home that it essentially said, I asked my husband to leave my two portraits and the four landscapes of Gustav clamps to the Austrian Gallery in Vienna.


So believing that they have no leverage, Maria and her family basically give up on recovering those Clint paintings. And that's that Maria says quote, I'd never even thought of taking the paintings away. I was under the impression that they were theirs. Geez. So decades later, in 1994, Maria's husband, Fritz passes away at the age of 86, of course devastating for her and her family. And then in 1998, her world is upended again. But this time it's thanks to the work of a prominent Austrian investigative journalist who bear to Sine. So Sine is an internationally acclaimed reporter, and some of his renown is because he revealed former Secretary General of the UN and President of Austria.


Kurt Volheim was in fact involved in Nazi affiliated groups during World War Ii. Wow. Wow. That's so cool. Yeah. So now Cherine is making headlines because he's investigating how the Austrian government is handling artwork that was looted by the Nazis. Yeah. So up until this point, Austria has been quietly returning some of the stolen artwork to its rightful owners. But sine exposes it as a coercive process that leaves the government with the exact art they want to keep. Right. So Austria might, for example, give back certain artwork on the condition that a family signs away the rights to a more high profile piece. Yeah. Sen's reporting helps lead to the passage of an Austrian law called the 1998 Art Restitution Act, which tosses out any coercive agreements the government previously used to hold onto looted art.


This law also mandates that the government opens its archives to the public for the first time. Hmm. And who's the first person in them archives. Once they open them, it's Cherine. And he digs through and finds that Austrian officials withheld the fact that Maria's Uncle Ferdinand, who outlived his wife, Adele, who wrote that note Right. Saying, I would like my husband to keep these things in Vienna. He outlived her and he left his own will. Right. Which explicitly stipulated that his entire estate should be divided amongst his nieces and nephews. Wow. Maria at 82 years old is the only one of those nieces and nephews still alive. Holy shit. When that discovery is made. So for her and her family, Ferdinand's will makes the issue crystal clear.


His entire estate is legally hers. Damn. My God. But Maria's willing to let the Austrian government keep several pieces of art on one condition. And that's that she wants them to admit that they were stolen from her family. Hell yeah. They refuse. Hell no. So Maria Altman lawyers up? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. No, of course. Hell yeah. I just wanted You to do one more. Oh, one more time. One more for the whole time if you want. Just keep doing it. She hires a young attorney named Randall Schoenberg. He's a family friend with deep ties to Austria's pre-war art world. He's also the grandson of two prominent Austrian composers. So from the start, Maria's case feels very personal for Randall.


He tells reporters quote, I remember the first time I went to Vienna when I was 11 years old and saw clamps gold portrait in the Austrian Gallery. Wow. My mom pointed it out and said, you know, Maria Altman your grandmother's friend, that's her Aunt Adele. Holy shit. Do you imagine being able to do that in a museum? No. That's just beyond someday. That Mona Lisa, that's your aunt's best friend. That's Marty's cousin, Dan's son's boys. In 1999, Randall files a claim on behalf of Maria, who is now 83 years old in an Austrian court. That same year, they successfully recover more than a dozen clamped drawings and nearly 20 sets of porcelain from the estate.


But they do not get the six clamps, the big paintings. Yeah. But they don't give up. The next year they file a new claim this time in California, which is a strategic move. Right. 'cause in Austria, legal fees are tied to the value of the property that's being litigated. And these paintings are valued at hundreds of millions of dollars. Right. So taking the case to US courts avoids this huge financial roadblock. And it also forces Austria to defend itself on foreign ground. Yeah. Where they're like not as lenient to Themselves. Yeah. Expectedly, the Austrian government fights back. They try to get the lawsuit tossed. They argue that American courts have no jurisdiction here, And that these paintings, which are now considered to be Austrian national treasures, should stay in Vienna.


But Randall counters that under international law, US citizens like Maria have the right to sue a foreign government for property stolen during war. A US court agrees. And the case is allowed to proceed in California, even as Austria continues filing appeals. Damn. And I love that too, because it's like the reason she is now a citizen of of America Right. Is because why? Yeah. Because what happened in your, because you Country, she couldn't stay there. She would have been murdered. So She, along with all of the other Jews. Yeah. That had to escape this area. It doesn't compute. Yes. The numbers aren't numbering. You don't get to say, sorry, that doesn't count over here. Yeah. Where it's like it has to count. Yeah.


So in 2001, 85-year-old Maria tells the Los Angeles Times quote, they will delay, delay, delay, hoping I will die. But I will do them the pleasure of staying alive Because my grandma who's like the same, they're like the same, lived to be 105. And that means, or 104, that means that she had 20 more years to enjoy this painting of her aunt. If she Yes. If she fucking survived, which these Jewish women live for fucking ever. Yes, they do. So you know why? Because they Have a period of observation when they're young. Although she didn't though. But hereditarily, it could be her great-grandmother that had a period of starvation. And she'll still live longer. She's from a culture of people who have been hunted. Yeah.


They have to live. They have to be strong. There's no crying in that kind of baseball. You don't get to be soft. You're just forced to be strong. Work hard, make do, Make, do. Oh. Oh my God. That's the story of American immigrants. My Grandma used to say, make do so much. Okay. Yeah. I was talking about my grandmother also. I mean like that's what we can all do. Yeah. That's what I, everybody can talk about in their grandparents and great grandparents. That's beautiful. Some people, Some people I will do them The pleasure of staying alive. The ultimate threat. Yeah. So the case drags on until it finds its way to the US Supreme Court in 2004.


It's justice's rule in Maria's favor. And they state that she has the right to pursue her claim in American courts. Hmm. So by now, Maria and Randall have spent five years fighting the Austrian government. Randall has left a comfy law firm job to focus everything on this case. Wow. Which since the get go, many have considered to be a long shot at Best. It's a legacy case though. It's like Personal. Yeah. Yeah. So because of that, the two stay focused Adele and Randall. And Randall ultimately builds his argument around Adele's own words. Because remember in her will, she said, quote, I ask my husband, leave my two portraits and the landscapes of Gustav Klimt to the Austrian Gallery in Vienna.


Randall zeroes in on the word ask. He argues that this is simply a request. And since Adele didn't actually own the paintings, Ferdinand did, because he's the man who commissioned and paid for them. Her statement has no legal binding power. Oh my God. Words. They're important. Yeah. Well and also it just, it Ferdinand's own will is very clear. Yeah. Everything goes to the nieces and nephews. Yeah. So this argument is successful in 2006, seven years into the battle at three judge panel rules in Maria's favor. And just like that, she's granted legal ownership of those six paintings, including Adele one. Wow. So for the first time since the thirties, this artwork is reunited with a member of the block Bauer family.


Wow. When these clamped paintings finally make their way back to Maria, she is so overjoyed that she wants to share them with the city of Los Angeles. So they are put on display at lacma. Do you think that when the Austrian people sent it over, they like kicked it a little and made like a little hole in it with just to fuck with you? You know mean? I think that, I bet you that they sat around like crying as they wrapped it up in, in that paper and then in a crate and then in a bunch of other stuff. Because it's a masterpiece. Yeah, it's a masterpiece. Oh my God. So Lama wow. It's at Lama and it's in 2006. So probably went, I think that they said she immediately shared it with the city. Yeah. Did you go?


I didn't, of course not. God Damnit, I could have seen it in person. I was 26. I was fucking busy going to bars and dude trying to live my fucking life and not work in a high rise. I was working in daily television and I forgot what actual art looked and felt like. Here's her quote from when she talked to reporters about that, taking them to lacma. She says, now my hometown is Los Angeles. And these paintings, thanks to the museum, followed me to my present hometown. It's just wonderful. Oh my God. I Have Chills. I think I'm going to look up what that maybe was like in 2006. Like people Yeah. What that opening was like. Oh, oh My God.


I'm sure it was epic. So owning these paintings is a huge job. Maria simply can't afford the exorbitant costs of storing them and insuring them. So in 2006, same year, she gets them, she sells them at auction. The three clamped landscapes sell for tens of millions of dollars each. Holy shit. And then the second Adele commissioned portraits. This This one. Yeah. That has less gold in it. It's just as beautiful though. It sells for $87.9 million. Oh. Which in today's money. So 2006 you said? That was 2006. 87 million.


1 33, 1 77. Shit. Yeah. And guess who bought it? Her grandkids were stoked that day. Absolutely. Who bought it? Lama Oprah Winfrey. No Way. Yeah. Oh wow. She's got clamped money. She's the Only person who was Well at the time she was the only clamped money person. Yeah, that's right. In 2016, Oprah sold it to an undisclosed buyer for a reported $150 million. Wow. Which is nearly $200 million in today's money. Oh my God. So we're still talking about the other one. Yeah. Yeah. So the same year, Adele won, which is the most coveted artwork of the collection. And the masterpiece considered to be a masterpiece.


It's sold to Ronald Lauder, one of the heirs to the Estee Lauder cosmetics fortune. Wow. He also happens to run the Noya Gallery in New York City, which houses Austrian fine art. He buys the painting for a whopping $135 million, which sets a record at the time and is worth about how much today? Two 50. Two 50. Two 15. Oh man. God, I thought you're gonna I, I think that would've been our first on the noser. Totally. I wasn't, that wasn't, I wasn't gonna, It happens. Listen, I understand. It's all guessing. And someday mine are never even close. No, It's impossible.


So he and Maria make an agreement that this painting will permanently be on display at the Noya Gallery. And to this day you can go New York City to Noya Gallery and see it there. Let's go. Yeah. Right. I want to, Maria has said quote, I am just happy it has a home at the Noya Gallery. It is very deserved. I couldn't have wished for a better place. So before Robert Lauder purchased the Adele one, the highest amount ever paid for a piece of art was a Picasso painting called Boy With a Pipe. And that was in 2004. And someone bought that for $104.1 million. Wow. So very kind of telling and amazing that it's like, and then this painting comes along and just kind of blows Picasso's doors off.


Totally. 'cause it's got this interesting enrich history too. And It's also just so gorgeous and gold And Yeah, it's Gold. So in 2011, Maria passes away after a long illness at the age of 94. Wow. Yeah. But her story continues to inspire. And in 2015 it's memorialized in the film Woman in Gold starring Helen Mirin as Maria and Ryan Reynolds as Randall. No way. It is A great movie. Oh my God, I've never even heard of it. I watched it on a plane one time and I was like, it was as if I wasn't traveling. Perfect. Like you're learning, you're loving. It's like they go from past to present and all the things are happening. Oh my God. Yes. I love that kind Of movie. And also Helen Miran playing. Maria, you get this sense of Maria as this kind of no nonsense.


Like I just want what's right to happen for once. Yeah. It's great. It's like proving a point. Yeah. So in total, for all five of the clamped paintings that she was able to recover, she and her family net $327 million at auction. Jesus. That's worth more than $518 million today. Wow. That family was obviously bankrupt. Yeah. During World War ii. Right. Ferdinand died with nothing. Yeah. These were his, yeah. Just like stolen out of his hands by Nazis. Totally. And this is the value where it's like, you wouldn't let something of value like that just sit somewhere or go.


No, especially not by the people who persecuted me. Yes. Especially, especially you can't bully someone and then not expect them to come for you. That's Right. To come right back. But it really wasn't about the money for Maria as she told NPR. 'cause they had money. Yeah. Yeah. They set themselves right back up. Yeah. And were like, we made a life for ourselves. As she told NPR quote, it was strictly a matter of justice. And that's the story of Maria Altman's fight to reclaim the painting of her aunt, the Adele Bauer one. Wow. Wow. That was so good. Good one. Right? Such a good one. Go watch the movie. Okay. Love Helen Marin and all of her insane talent. Amazing. Yeah.


Did you say Ryan Reynolds? Ryan Reynolds. He's great. Okay. He is. He's very like, it's very real. And he's obviously like he wants to get this. Is he Play a Nazi? Done? Oh no, He's the Lawyer. Okay. Okay. That makes more sense. Okay, got it. I'm like, he doesn't play a Jew or a Nazi. Right. Because that doesn't, because I can't and I won't. I think He's supposed to be Jewish. He might be supposed to be Jewish. Good job, Jude. Thank you. Should we do a couple fucking hoorays so we don't end on Nazis? Let's Do it. Do you have one that you wanna of your own? Is there a fucking hooray in your life right now? Yeah, There is. Well there's plenty. But I think the nicest one is I got to hang out with my niece this past weekend. It's just such a delight. The idea that she turned out to be the kind of person that I love hanging out with.


Totally. Which I know not everybody gets to have that or say that. Like it's just a joy. I'm so proud of her. She's such a good person and she's so goddamn hilarious. Yeah. Like it's just great. It's such a nice feeling. I guess everybody feels that way about their No, she's nephews special. Nora is very special. She really is. Yeah. There's no like, oh, it's 'cause she's your niece. No, she's a Gem. It's the kind of thing where we go to Sephora and I'm like, you can have anything. And I have to whisper to her like, you can get anything you want. 'cause my sister's like, stop it, whatever. And then she literally will come with like three things, right. Where I'm like, are you kidding me? Yeah. Like I would've been like every time and she's just, yeah.


She's Just like good values. Yeah. She's a good person. She's good job. She's like, Laura, Good job Laura. Yeah. I guess mine has something to do with my sister too. We got some tiling done in the backyard and I just noticed like a couple weeks ago that one tile is upside down and it's been driving me fucking crazy since then. And I pointed it out to my sister when she was over and she goes, what if it's a portal to another universe? And it made me so happy. Oh. I was like, that's so true. And that's how we think. And I love that you pointed it out to me. I will never change it. Like just that that way of thinking made me so happy and it's just Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate that she did that for me. 'cause now I'm, I love it. There's nothing like sister perspective. Yeah.


Because they really, older sisters kind of set your world for you Yeah. In an irritating way when you're growing up. Yeah. But they really do have the power to kind of come in and just be like, actually that's not a problem. And you're fine. Right. And it's something that like is weird and definitely like comes from reading a lot of books and something I would say myself. And so the fact that my sister said it, I was like, Oh yeah, we're we're the same. Yeah. She knew how to solve the problem for You. Yeah. For me specifically. 'cause a lot of people would like, what are you fucking talking about? Yeah. But I'm like, yeah, that actually could be a portal to another universe. So Yeah. Or just like a different way to look at things. Yeah. That that's more fun for you. Yeah. Instead of everything has to be a certain way. Right. Something's wrong and bad. Okay. Let's, you wanna read One? Sure.


The subject line of this is in, it's an email. It says, fucking hooray for our own happiness. And then it says, aunties. I've taken control of my mental health and decided to take a solo trip to London this summer. Whoa. I'll be starting the trip off strong with a Jack the Ripper walking tour and ending it with the visit to the Tower of London, which is where Ann Belin was beheaded. I'll be thinking about Karen the entire time because I know she loves those good European Victorian times. That's very true. Thank you. Shout out to my therapist Robin, who has taught me to value myself and quote, just fucking go for it. Yay. So fucking hooray for finding a small glimmer of fun in the shitty world. S-S-D-G-M. Ashley. Yay. Ashley Glimmers.


Love it. Okay. This one's from YouTube. Comment. My fucking hooray. I had to write a strongly worded work email about a conflict. I used the word tantamount to sound extra smart. My bestie coworker clocked it and asked me where I heard that word. And I proudly announced that my murder aunties taught it to me because it was in a murderer's note to police. See Freeway Phantom. Rewind. Episode 19. Hmm. Thanks for keeping me sounding intelligent when telling someone off professionally. Stay badass, my ladies. And that's from Carly Prince L 1, 8 0 1. Thanks Carly. Yeah. Good job. Tantamount. Your Report was tantamount to a pile of shit. What if that's what the email was?


Let's, I'll try to use that This week in a sentence that where it fits. Just throw it on it in there. Tantamount. These mozzarella sticks are tantamount to a block Of a brick. Did I use that right? I was gonna say like an early Christmas. Oh you You were doing it in the neg. In the neg. Yes. This is tantamount to it. You don't like mozzarella sticks? No, no, no. I'm just saying the ones you order are bad. 'cause I have to quit this podcast now I'm talking about a bad order of mozzarella sticks and I see usually that that's Impossible. Oh. 'cause it was like a complaint. I see. I tantamount to, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think, I think you used it wrong. So, okay. You wanna do one more? Oh yeah. This one is, and also an email and it says, my fucking hoorays that after 12 years of living in the US last week, I became a US citizen.


Wow. Can't wait for my first jury duty. Thanks for, thanks for being awesome. Love. E. E. Good job. Welcome. E. Yeah. Good job. I bet you right now E knows more about the government than both of us combined. Absolutely. Yeah. Entirely. Okay. My last one is from Instagram. It's from fire sign Sammy. Fucking hooray. I just accepted a job fundraising for the library as a lifelong bookworm, an English major turned English teacher turned non-profit person. This could not be a more perfect space for me. Za And then that emoji. Stay sexy and save libraries y'all. Sam. PS thank you to Georgia for many years of book recommendations.


Keep them coming. Yes. I love that. Yeah. Awesome. You haven't done one in a little while. Yeah, I mean just we've talked about other stuff. I'm always reading multiple, I don't know. I don't talk about them. Okay. Yeah. Thanks Sam. That's great. Appreciate you Sammy. Amazing. Tell Us your fucking arrays in any way you think would might work. Also, I was just gonna say real quick, if you are worried about the library, then it's a good idea to contact your library where you live and ask them what they need in terms of donations, in terms of support, in terms of anything. Because our libraries are under attack. Yeah. And it is completely insane. And that idea that people are being cut off from what is a community service Yeah.


That everybody should have And that many people rely on is insane. Absolutely. So Amen. Activism around libraries is big and important and thank you. If you're already doing it, good job. Yeah. I think the only thing left is it's Briefcase Challenge. Oh my God, I forgot already. What's that? Not me. Two weeks Ago. Shit. All I've been thinking about this Entire time. All right. You guys are tantamount to the awesomest people in the world. Thank you guys for listening. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Heck and Molly Smith.


Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This Episode was mixed by Liana Sci. Our researchers are Marin McGlashan and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen To my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And Now you can watch us on exactly w writes YouTube page. While you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This July 4th, celebrate freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod meets world. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech, I'm saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stock their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com.