
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


If you've got a million tabs open in your brain at all times. You don't need a wireless service that slows you down Visible, Gives you unlimited data and a fast, reliable connection so you can keep scrolling until your fingers fall off. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the go. Ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed by clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The Results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver MD. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use Code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye.


Hello. Hello and welcome To my favorite murder. That right there is Georgia Hard Start And that folks is Karen Kilgar. And we together, ladies and gentlemen, are here to podcast. Have you heard of podcasting? It's all the rage these days. People love it. Everyone's doing it. Everyone has multiples, you know, And why not do it? Why not get on a mic and just talk it through? Yeah. It's the podcast Singularity guys. And you're part of it. You're part of it by li Just listening. Wait a second. I just had one of those Galaxy Brain moments.


What if podcasts are the singularity, which then birthed humanity? And that's why we are who we are. We are just the results of other people's podcasts. Like Eve, either a different planet. Well it was just one big podcast loop over, it's it's podcast loop. Yeah. And we've gotten to the, we've gotten to the oversaturation of podcasts and now have to start fucking the cycle all over again and get reborn. Yeah, That's right. Go Through the Industrial Revolution. Figure out a way to like ra the radio. All the shit. The terrestrial. I'm super broke. I don't know how to get a job that pays enough. Right. And then we go to podcasting and Then podcasting And then all over again.


And then careers. We've Solved it. I, it feels great to live in this solution now. That's what I like about it. The Solutionary now Is where we're at. Can I tell you the ultimate compliment that my little cousin Anna gave me this morning? Yes. She called me because last night she watched the movie The Shining and she needed to talk through the trauma that she experienced by watching that. Oh, first time She's 20. How old is she? She's 20. Okay. Cute. She used to be the little baby of the family until Nora was born. And then she basically spent all her time kind of actively hating Nora until they were like, you know, a little bit older. And then now they're all best friends. Very cute. That's what sisters are. Exactly.


And Nora never felt it or cared or she was always like, I love them. And didn't, it didn't matter to her. But anyway, she's the best. And she gave me the best compliment. She said, I watched this movie and it reminded me of you. Aw, Come play with us Danny. There's Auntie Karen. Right? She goes, you are a real burnt orange in my mind. The color palette. Yeah. I was like, that's lovely. Yeah, Anna, thank you. This means the world to me. Huge compliment. Yeah. I was with my mom last night and she starts talking about, I said something and she goes, well I heard from a True crime podcast that you have to not be put.


And I like, I got really mad. And I was like, what True Crime podcast are you listening to? She goes, yours. She meant mine. But I was so like jealous. You were ready. I was like, who? You're not even into, she's not even into true crime. Like what? That's So funny. So basically Janet's getting on the train. Well, she's misinterpreting our like she meant fuck politeness. Like she meant that we talk about that, but she got it wrong 'cause she doesn't listen, which is for the best. What did she think it meant? She said like be mean or Something like Misinterpretation. Sure. That works too. That works too. She goes, it's not like I, I mean I've always been mean, but it was kind of like funny.


Oh, Jan, I was like, oh, if she started listening now she's got some real surprises ahead. We all do. I mean, Hey, once she starts listening, that's when Time implodes Black hole. Yeah. Fucking cut to the beginning. Big bang. That's The kind of the final Easter Island head that falls. Is Janet pressing play on this podcast? Incredible. Can't wait. Well, should I do a story in Janet's honor? Let's, and Janet will finally understand what we're doing over here. She won't because this is not a true crime story, so she won't get It. Oh, interesting. But She'll remember it and she'll, yeah, it's from her time, you know, of life, which is, You know, the late 19 hundreds, Janet.


Mid, mid to late 19 hundreds.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris. The cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap. Or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ioni nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful ionic nine rear wheel drive. S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC Ultra fast charger and CC S adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air And that means open Windows outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with simply safe With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional Security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard Outdoor Protection, SimpliSafe monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The Cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Temperatures Are starting to rise, which means you're setting your baseline level of sweaty right now and it only gets worse from here. That's exactly why you need clothes that breathe look good. And we will keep you together until September. That's Quince. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen shorts and dresses starting at $30 plus Lux swimwear and Italian leather platform. Sandals The Best part, everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, Quince gives you luxury without the markup. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. It's that time of year where the weather's changing. And I realize how few short sleeve shirts I have and I truly logged on to Quince this morning. They have all these beautiful linen shirts, all these beautiful cotton shirts stuff where you're like, I don't wanna be hot and this is gonna help me so much. Beautiful linen in the summer is my favorite. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye.


Okay, so I'm just, I'm gonna just tell you, I'm fucking telling you the story. Just kick It off. We never do this. Just kick it off. Yeah. This is the fucking Apollo 13 mission story. I don't need no fucking preamble. Wow. Yeah. Okay, great. Right. Yeah. Did you watch the movie? I can't remember. It's the 1995 Blockbuster starring Bill Paxton, Kevin Bacon and Tom Hanks who famously was the one who said, Houston, we have a problem. That's like the iconic line, right. Space makes me very anxious. So this should be great. Oh, okay. It does. Like you're not yes. You're not a fan of like being in a spaceship or being in like both of those things. It's Just vast. I remember having very long, deep thoughts about it as a child of like, so you're telling me it just goes on and on in blackness forever and there's no ending and no one knows what's out there.


Like it was that kind of shit. Yeah. But I'm like, I don't like that at all. I don't like not knowing what ending out there. Yeah. So tell me about it. Like tell me about the bad thing that happened out there. I Feel like this, yeah, let me tell you about the one of the worst. It's not one of the worst, but this is like a episode about black holes in space and stuff. Cool. And space time continuum. Okay. The main sources I used in today's story include articles from NASA's website, including Apollo 13 mission details with no author listed. And Apollo 13, the Successful Failure by Li Mahon. And then another article from the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum's website titled Conserving the Creativity That Saved the Apollo 13 Astronauts by Lauren Lik and other sources can be found in our show notes.


So here we are, 1961 and in response to the ongoing space race between Russia and the US that you're like such a big fan of huge fan president John F. Kennedy makes the US moon landing a priority goal. And the attempts begin with Project Mercury, which succeeds in placing several astronaut crews into Earth's orbit between 62 and 63. Then there's Project Gemini fucking go Geminis. And that successfully sends a total of 16 astronauts, US astronauts into low earth orbit between 65 and 66. So we're like getting going, you know? Yeah. But then in 1969, Kennedy's goal is finally reached When you know the story, is it true?


That's not this, that's not what this is about. When Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin complete the first successful moon landing aboard Apollo 11, blah blah, blah, the moon, we made it. We made it. You know, the moon landing, blah blah, blah. Bl story. Yeah. Was it a fucking sound stage in Burbank? We'll never probably Know. We'll never know. Or they'll know 40 years in the future and it won't matter by then. That's True. A second moon landing happens and then now that that journey to the moon has been completed twice with no really big issues, NASA is confident they can focus the astronaut energies now on acquiring some new sci scientific data with this third moon landing.


So before they were just like posing for pictures and shit. Now it's like, let's get down to science. Let's really dig some of that moon dirt up and figure out what's on there. Snort a big old rail of moon dust and see what happens. So the three astronauts training for the Apollo 13 mission, James A level Jr. John Jack l Swigert Jr. And Fred w Hayes Jr. And they are armed with some geological training so that they can collect those rock samples, bring them home to earth for their study. The mission's insignia highlight this goal with the Latin phrase X Luna, SIA, or from the moon knowledge. So like let's study that shit.


So on this 10 day mission, Lowell Swigert and haze will journey to the Fra Morrow region of the moon. And there they'll retrieve rock samples. So there are two major components of the spacecraft built for the Apollo 13 mission. There's the command service module, which is called the Odyssey, and the lunar module, which is called Aquarius Odyssey, is where the astronauts are housed and control the entire spacecraft. And then the service module is where the fuel and power sources are stored. And then the lunar module is the part that's gonna detach and land on the moon while the other person stays back and you know, controls it. Okay. So a graduate of the US Naval Academy, 42-year-old James Lovel has logged 572 hours of space flight prior to the Apollo 13 mission, making him the most traveled astronaut at this time.


While 38-year-old Jack Swigert hasn't yet flown to space before. So he's got a deep knowledge of how the spacecrafts are built. He earned a degree in mechanical engineering and aerospace science. So fucking super smart, But a baby in terms of experience. Wow. Yeah. 30 5-year-old Fred Hayes also has a military background having served in the Marines as a fighter pilot. He studied aeronautical engineering and was working as a civilian research pilot for NASA when he joined the astronaut rank in the same group as Swaggart did in 1966. So they're all buds. So let's get to the launch. So it's 2:13 PM Eastern standard time on April 11th, 1970.


And the Apollo 13 spacecraft lifts off from Kennedy Space Station in Florida. The team of flight directors who are like the flight controllers who communicate with the crew, oversee operations from their station at mission control in Houston, Texas. Okay. Okay. Are you having a hot flash? I think I'm having a fucking hot flash. Oh my god, I didn't even think about it. Oh no. Holy shit. It sucks so Bad. Oh my God. I'm totally, wow. That was like the first time I realized I'm having a hot flash that and I wasn't Sleeping. You might have to go, you might have to go change into a tank top or something. Oh my god. Okay, so the first five and a half minutes or so go smoothly, which is not enough time for a fucking space flight to go smoothly.


Like that's nothing. Yeah. You need, I don't know, a solid hour if you're going into space Couple days maybe. Let's Go for it. I Don know. Yeah. Everyone on board feels a minor vibration from deep within the vessel and they discover that one of the engines meant to get them up towards the atmosphere has shut off two minutes early. This forces a remaining engine to burn 34 seconds longer than planned, but all goes well. And the Apollo 13 aircraft enters orbit safely despite this little hiccup, but foreshadowing baby Bad omen. Yeah. So the journey to the moon is expected to be about three days at 46 hours and 43 minutes in capsule communicator or cap con.


Joe Kerwin down in Houston reports that the spacecraft is in real good shape as far as we are concerned and actually says that they're bored to tears down there. Like that's how well it's going after. It's just fine. They're not worried in any way. Yeah. Ugh. So now let's fast forward to the third day. We're 55 hours into the journey. The crew conduct a routine inspection of the lunar module, then they take the lone TV camera crew through a lighthearted tour of space. The other moon landings that have happened before have been like big freaking deals. This one is less so. And the general public at this point is like yawn basically. We've seen it. Yeah. Which Is great. But also the Vietnam War is going on. So people are a little more concerned with other stuff.


And because of the limited broadcast levels, wife Marilyn watches her husband from a VIP room at Mission Control. What kind of snacks were there? Is all I wanna know. I mean, can I just say tiny Es Cut up pieces of celery? What did you say? Tiny sandwiches. Tiny sandwiches. The celery with like cream cheese and Yes, some sprinkled stuff on the top. Yeah. Sixties Appetizer martinis. So many martinis, So many martinis and cigarettes. Oh my god. They everyone was smoking chain smoking. And that just increases as the stress begins. Yeah. Okay. So the broadcast ends at the 55 hour, 46 minute mark of the journey. All systems operational and the crews on both the ground and aboard the spacecraft are in good spirits.


But then just 95 seconds later at 9:08 PM a loud bang rattles the ship. Maybe a loud meow would be the only acceptable loud noise. Maybe a loud yawn. A loud yawn. Please. No Bangs on. No Bangs on the ship. No. For once in my life I'd say No Bangs. I'm talking about my hair. Not Swigert. Sees a warning light in the vessel's control center that worries him. He radios to ground control and delivers the line that would define the rest of the journey. Houston, we have a problem. We Have a problem. Famous. The movie is pretty good though. If you guys feel like watching a vintage movie, POL 13 and then a flurry of warning lights flash on the ship's controls.


Two of the three fuel cells used to power the ship are fucking dead. Two outta three. Oh Not good. I don't know math. Two days, Two days into the trip or am I right? Yeah. Three days. Three Days. Three days into the trip. Yeah. Run outta gas in space, Your engines fucking die. Mm. And that cuts off most of their electricity. And then another set of warning lights indicate that one of their two oxygen tanks has emptied completely. And the second one is draining fast. So as the astronaut scrambled to troubleshoot the problem's, commander level glances out the window on his left to see if they are venting something out into space. Basically just like the gas is leaving the fucking ship. Unfortunately that gas is the command module's oxygen supply.


So the the ship they're in, it's the oxygen supply for that ship that they're in. And so it gets dangerously low and about an hour and a half after the bang, ground control and commander level reach the same conclusion. If they're gonna survive, they all have to transfer over to the lunar module, which was just supposed to go down to the moon. Right? Yeah. So with just 15 minutes of power lap aboard the command module level and haze make their way to the lunar module, Swigert races against the clock to finish up last minute duties and shut down the command module. He manages to do so just in the nick of time, slipping into the lunar module as the last wisps of oxygen leave the second bank.


So they just have to completely abandon ship. It's in space, In space, in the middle of space Also, you know, like you're on like a southwest flight and the captain comes on and he's so drab and he is so like, look here, we're going up to Oakland, everything's fine. And so like these people are professionally calm. Yeah. But then in this situation it's like, is this what rattles a pilot? Is this what gets, you know? Yeah. It's Like a guy like that kind of worked up because To say, Houston, we have a problem. I mean it's almost like this is what they're trained for is to stay calm in a situation like this. But like they hopefully and usually don't ever have a reason to test that. Yes. Right. And yeah, exactly.


They would assume they would be, but now they know whether or not they are. Here it is. I think my thing, I would just go blank and kind of lock up and I wouldn't help anything. I would just be like sitting there and they'd be like, come on, pick up those things. What are we gonna do? What Are we gonna do? What are we gonna do over and over again? I mean, yeah. Terrifying. Yeah. But guess what? It only gets worse. Oh. So now obviously the moon landing is fucking 86. Let's six. Yeah, let's go. We're gonna flake on that, Right? We're gonna flake on that. Their mission now is to get home safely. And their only chance at doing so is by all of them cramming into this lunar module. There are some positives in the situation versus that the lunar module does not appear to have been damaged in whatever explosion it was that took place.


Second is that the lunar module has plenty of oxygen to sustain everyone on their journey back home. So yay for that. Very important. Yeah. Oxygen. So however, there are some pretty severe drawbacks because one of the astronauts was always meant to stay back in the command module while the other two went down to, you know, it's called the moon. The moon, yeah. It's only built for two people. So it's tight. And while there's plenty of oxygen for all three men, the food and water supply and the lunar module is only meant to last 45 hours for the two people. And a trip home will take them about 90 hours. Mm. So trip home's gonna be three fucking days. Just like back to back spooning with your workmates.


That's right. Gasping for air. Right? Thirsty. Thirsty. Exactly. So they have to do strict rationing. Same with the power supply. There's only enough battery to last 45 hours. So they have to shut down any non-essential operations. So they have enough power to get back to earth, but it is doable. So basically they had brought extra canisters of oxygen over from the command module, but they don't fit into the filters on the lunar module. They're like not made to be switched back and forth. So the abundance of oxygen itself creates another issue because that means, as we learned in science glass, Too many plants, Right? Moss growing everywhere.


Exactly. No too much carbon dioxide, which is dangerous. The spacecraft has special lithium hydroxide canisters that remove the carbon dioxide from the air and keep it safe to breathe on board. But again, the canister supply they have is only meant to last for about two days for two people. So back at square one, they have brought extra canisters over from the command module, but they were not made for the lunar module. So they don't fit. It's like putting a a square peg in a round hole. So a day and a half into their escape to the lunar module on April 15th, 1970, A warning light signals a dangerous level of CO2. They're running outta time Outside, inside.


Instant everything's against them. Yeah, because everything has to be tested at mission control before it can be put to use in the spacecraft because you can't test shit on the spacecraft. It'll blow up engineers down and Houston quickly work to devise a solution. They communicate with the astronauts on board, they kind of figure out what they have to use. And then on the ground, the engineers, these smart people put together a device using whatever items they said they had a plastic bag card stock, a space suit, hose and duct tape. Like this is MacGyver. There Were MacGyvering from Houston to tell them you can do this to fix It. Right. Like based on what you have in your, it's like when someone's like, what do you have in your fridge?


And I'll tell you what to cook for dinner, but, but your life depends on it. I am no joke. Super stressed out right now. You are. This is stressing me out. Yes. That's why I had a hot flash. I think that's Because you knew what was coming. I Knew it and I had to tell it without sounding stupid because I know there's people who are very smart listening right now who are fucking laughing. Look, this is exactly what happened to me with Jack the ripper at in London. Oh shit. I was like, why did I pick this? Everyone here knows how this actually goes, right? Like there has to be a list. What are you even doing right now? Are you in space listening? Like that would be, that's Can you, if you, do you work at JPL L and are you judging us? Because we, we hope you understand that we are not cosmologists right Or doing this in any way.


We're Not even cosmetologists. Like we're not even, I would love to be, God, I went to three months of beauty school. So I basically am Your Bangs look great, by the way. Thank you.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris, the cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No battery's dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful IO nine rear wheel drive. S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


If your idea of spring cleaning means getting rid of every single piece of furniture that you swore was temporary four years ago, article is here to help. Article makes it easy to create a stylish long lasting home at an unbeatable price. And thanks to their online only model, they have some unbeatable prices too. Article offers a curated range of mid-century modern, coastal and scandy inspired pieces that not only shine on their own, but also pair seamlessly with other article products. This thoughtful approach to design makes it incredibly easy to mix and match, helping you create a space that feels cohesive and stylish. Article takes great care and curating its collection, focusing solely on high quality, meaningful pieces that will stand the test of time. There's no filler. Every item is chosen for its craftsmanship, design, and lasting value. An article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get a choose your delivery time and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye


cat. People don't mess around when it comes to their pets. I've seen them act that way on the internet. So if You're serious about your cat, it's time to start using a litter that loves cats as much as you do. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. It's the Cat litter that gives you peace of mind. Their crystals will change color to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infections and kidney issues. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I love that you get this like small box of cat litter and you're like, that's not gonna last me long. And I know that because it doesn't make my back hurt when I carry it into my cat box area. But lo and behold, it's such good litter that one bag does last up to a month. It's so crazy. It's such good litter. It makes your house not stink. It's all the things Dream come true. Right now save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy@prettylitter.com slash mfm. That's Pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Pretty Litter cannot detect every feline health issue or prevent or diagnose diseases. A diagnosis can only come from a licensed veterinarian. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye.


Goodbye. So they figure out what it's gonna be based on all these mismatched parts. They name it the mailbox because it's like a boxy thing they put together. Okay. They didn't have a lot of time to workshop names, So yeah, they couldn't, don't waste time on that. That's not part of it would be fun. You, you're gonna wanna distract yourself by doing that. Don't do It. Yeah. Hold for name is not something you can tell people in an emergency situation. So they build it on the ground. Then the engineers at Mission Control walk the astronauts through how to put it together. They demonstrate how to use it once it's put together. And this is all while warning lights are flashing, indicating the increasingly dangerous levels of CO2 onboard. So like you know when you, your phone's running outta batteries and it turns red And you get stressed out.


It's like that times a thousand That in space And you might die in space. Yeah, the air becomes harder to breathe as the astronauts work diligently to connect the makeshift device. And luckily it works. The CO2 levels start to drop and the lunar module becomes livable again. Thank you. Mailbox. Yeah. Is it funny that Tom Hanks would later be in a movie called you've got mail and is there any connection there? Is it before or after this? I think it's before Or in a movie about living at the airport. Right? That's not, that's not related. Oh, airport. It's closely now if they're both going in the same fucking direction. What is Tom Hanks lately? Let's just change this into talking about Tom Hanks so I don't have to listen to how stressful this is.


Love Him. And this is even more impressive because not only is this like fucking dead battery light flashing, which is not dead battery, they're subsisting on next to nothing while they work. Their water ration is only six ounces of water a day. So if you think of like a shot of vodka, which is like an ounce, you know. So six ounces, six shots Of water. I need more. I need like the tallest weird plastic cup with a straw, please. Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. There's a little fruit juice as well. But the lack of proper hydration even gives haze A UTI, which just to be like a team player. I have one too right now.


Just, I was doing the story and I was like, you know what, I'm gonna go ahead and wake up Saturday morning with a fucking UTI. Just to be supportive. That is, yeah. First of all, I didn't know boys could get UTIs. That really sucks. Yeah, they are the worst. The worst. They're the worst. How fucking horrible is that? So I add a UTI to this nightmare. Yeah. Like come On. Exactly. And then someone gets pink eye. Right? The lack of food isn't great either. They avoid eating as much as possible so they don't burn through their supply. But when they do eat, it's things like hot dogs, which isn't very nourishing even though we love them. It's a snack. It's wonderful. Not a meal. Lot Of Nitrates. Right, right. And various unappetizing, wet pack foods that kind, that like won't spoil in space.


So nothing fucking great. No one's having, No one's love in life. No. No one's looking forward to their mealtime. Right. It's sustenance. It's all, it's all it is. And they actually can't avoid rapid weight loss for the next couple days. So they lose a fucking ton of weight that quickly. Yeah. So even worse than the dehydration and starvation is the intense cold because they have to keep non-essential systems powered off. So there's nothing heating the interior of the lunar module. And temperatures drop as low as 38 degrees. So you weren't fucking joking about the spooning. Like that's gotta happen Probably. Holy Jesus Christ. I know. Like miserable. Like think at the worst flight you've ever been on. This is the worst.


Obviously This is some tower air shit right here. Oh Yeah, this ain't good. And because the temperatures are so low and it's so cramped, it's almost impossible to sleep. So they're exhausted, they're delirious. There's just so much shit going on. I fucking relate entirely. I just don't know why I thought of this, but they're probably all also chain smokers, so they're not having cigarettes. I don't know why I thought of that, but are astronauts allowed to smoke? I doubt it. I think they're not. No, no lung capacity. What if that was actually the reason that this all happened is someone like flick their cig and then p Kaboom Also. But there were people too, like those guys are so smart and they, you know, those are big brain people.


Yeah. They'd even back then they might've been like, yeah, I don't smoke. Yes, they might. They may have been. Yeah. Yeah. That would make sense. They'd have to be at the top of their game and breathe in space. You're not gonna like, yeah. Okay. So level haze and swigert have just one more obstacle standing between them and their safe return. It's a big one. It's just navigating home to earth. Because remember that moon module just supposed to go to the moon and then back, it Doesn't know how to get home. It's Not supposed to fucking go home on its own. Oh, oh, at all. Oh no, on Its own. 'cause it's supposed to be attached to the bigger guy. Yeah. You know, so, but yeah, so its navigation system isn't equipped to handle finding its way back to earth.


Like they're fucked in a lot of ways and they fucking know it probably. Yeah. Yeah. Their best shot at getting back to earth is to enter what's called a free return trajectory. Here's your fucking worst nightmare. Basically they have to go around the moon and get into a path where gravity can guide them back to earth without them needing to control the flight. So they're fucking relying on gravity. But because they were on a moon landing mission, they had positioned themselves in a hybrid trajectory, which basically means they left the free return course so that they could land in a specific spot on the moon. Now, without the proper navigational system to maneuver back into a free return trajectory, the astronauts are forced to rely on mission control to map out their course.


So they're all working together. And if they do, if they accidentally land on the moon, that's that. Right? Like they don't definitely, yeah, I would Imagine. Yeah. But if they burn the lunar module engines at the right times and the right direction, they can kind of just basically push themselves on the right course, but also without burning through their fuel supply. Jesus. Like, this is impo, like the more you hear about this, It's insane. So basically they're forced to use the sun's position to help achieve a proper alignment of the spacecraft. It's risky because a blast in the wrong direction would send them fucking hurling past earth into the great unknown.


Karen's worst nightmare. I don't like this just forever, going forever With chapped lips. God damnit, God damnit, Ugh. But mission control guides their calculations and Fortunately puts them on the right track. Like geniuses. If we had like one or two IQ points lower this, not like none of this would've worked out. Thank you. Smart people Appreciate you using only the sun puts them off by half a degree, which is still within the margin of error to get them home as they approach earth. The astronauts get word from mission control that the only way to successfully break through the atmosphere is by once again powering up the command module so that they can detach the lunar module from it.


So this whole time they've been attached to the broken command module. Yeah. So basically there's all these issues with that. So the damage in the cold to the command module led to condensation buildup on the interior walls of the command module and behind the control panels. And so the condensation from that is so thick that as the ship descends to earth, it appears like it's raining inside the module. So fun. What the fuck? All of that moisture threatens to short circuit the command module's electrical board, which would be catastrophic at this phase. But because of years of development from the earliest Apollo aircraft models, there are safeguards in place that prevent any short circuiting, but even still writing up the procedures necessary to start up that dead command module mid-flight so that they can detach.


It could take as long as three months. Like that's how long they need to figure out a way to do it, even with their big brains. But the engineers at Mission Control managed to do it in just three days. So they're just like, let's figure this out. Let's get a lot of uppers and fucking do this. Get it one of those really big chalkboards that almost nobody uses but us. Right. Get it going. The astronauts follow the procedures as instructed and they successfully get the command module on and working again. And this allows them to detach the lunar module from it so that they can land in the Pacific Ocean, which is a splash down landing a safe distance from the damaged command module. 'cause they can't land near it.


It'll fucking crash into it. Right. So even though they managed to get on the right trajectory back to earth level, Swigert and Hayes soon realized that their spacecraft is drifting slightly off course mission control directs 'em to follow the like day Nightline basically. Basically following like the sun's light on the Earth's surface to stay on course I'd be dead. I'd be like, no, can't, can't do that. Basic Boy scout stuff that I could not Do. No, no. They use what fuel they have left to initiate the burns necessary to follow the line, like the little cranking out of the burns. And on April 17th, 1970, the Apollo 13 spacecraft splashes down into the Pacific Ocean near Samoa, and they're recovered by the naval ship.


USS Iwo Jima weary, but all still alive. Oh God. I know. I mean, we're not even talking about all the things that could have happened splashing down totally into just the great wide open ocean. Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. Due to lack of food. The three guys lost a total of 31 and a half pounds combined. Oh my God. In a couple days. Like that is Bad. And also stress, it's like food plus stress. Like totally your hearts, their hearts were probably racing like they were jogging the whole time. Right. And dehydration and lack of sleep Mm level lost the most at a whopping 14 pounds. And then two days later on April 19th, 1970, the guys are flown to Hawaii.


I mean, give them a fucking vacay. Right? Oh, Jesus. And President Richard Nixon awards them the Presidential Medal of Freedom. This is the highest civilian honor equal to the Congressional gold medal 'cause. So they're like, good job. Oops. You Did it. You did it. And investigative review board immediately looks into the situation after the splash down trying to figure out what went wrong. They report their findings on June 15th, 1970, concluding that a short circuit error in one of the oxygen tanks led to the explosion. There was a recent modification to the tank that allowed it to handle a higher electrical voltage, but the engineers failed to update another part within the tank so that it could handle the increased electrical flow as well.


This led to an explosion in one oxygen tank that damaged the fuel cells and compromised the other oxygen tank. How many people got fired? None. Or a lot. I mean, here's the thing, a mistake, like human beings make mistakes. Yeah. Whether you're the smartest fucking person on the planet And you work for NASA or you're down at Burger King flipping burgers, mistakes are a part of life. Totally. And I hope it wasn't like I, because I bet you they felt fucking terrible. Sure. Nobody wants to be that guy. I mean, no one died. Think fucking God. But yeah, Thank God. Yeah. But yeah, nobody wants to be the guy that's like, oh, that's right. We should have done A, B, C, D, E, F, G, and H and I, I mean like it's God Not good.


I mean, Neither level Hayes or Swigert ever fly in space again. Can you? Can you believe it? Really? That's crazy. What's their problem? But it's actually not necessarily because directly because of the mishap aboard the Apollo 13. Although you think it's got a factor in pretty fucking hardcore Yeah. You know, level reaches a point in his career when he's ready to retire and he does. So just a couple years later, in 1973, Swigert is slated to fly aboard the joint Soviet American space flight, the Apollo Soya test project in 1975. But he's removed from the crew after being implicated in the Apollo 15 postal cover scandal of 1972.


What? Which probably the next thing we're gonna cover on this show. That's exactly right. 'cause I don't totally get it. It's a scheme involving taking unauthorized postal covers into space so that they could be sold at premium back on earth afterward. Oh, oh, I get it. Okay. They're like merch scam. This has been to space. Totally. It's totally merch scam. Oh my God. He leaves the space program in 1973, gets elected to the House of Representatives in 1982. Sure. Unfortunately, yeah. He dies from cancer before he gets a chance to even serve his seat. And then Hayes would've gone on to command the Apollo 19 mission, but he decided to retire before then in 1979.


So none of 'em go back to, I mean, just think about it. You get into that situation, you by the skin of your teeth get back out of that situation. Yeah. And then you're like, sure, I'll do another one. And all you would do is think about all the ways things could go wrong. Yeah. That's what happens after things go wrong. Right. Is then you're like, well, that can happen. So what's gonna happen this time? Yeah. Did one guy not check the one other thing that that was the other thing that controls the other thing you'll never fucking know until it's a disaster. And that is the miracle of space flight. Yeah. Is the fact that the other times we did it, none of those things happened. Totally. Totally amazing. In 1994 level co-authors, his firsthand account of the Apollo 13 mission with journalist Jeffrey Kluger in their book, lost Moon, the perilous voyage of Apollo 13.


And that is the book that is adapted into the beloved Ron Howard directed movie, Apollo 13, which solidified the line Houston, we have a problem in our memories forever. And also the movie from 2016 Hidden Figures starring Taraji p Henson as Catherine Johnson. So she was a black woman and mathematician who worked at NASA and her work helped get Apollo 13 back home safe. Yeah. Her bad Assery. And the movie is based on the book, hidden Figures by Margot Lee, shutter Lee. So check that out as well for more of this story. That movie is really, really good. Yeah. Because it's like you just keep watching it going, this really happened, like this really happened.


And that idea that like she was the most brilliant person separate from her gender, separate from, you know, her skin color or whatever. Yeah. And then she's kind of sat in this room where a bunch of dudes are like, you shouldn't be here. And then she's like, watch how much I should be here. I'm gonna fucking help save everybody. It is such a good movie. It's fucking incredible. Incredible. Yeah. I loved it. Just real quick. Yeah. Do you remember when we did CBS show in New York and Ron Howard was the guest before us and he walked through and said, and looked at us and I was like, oh my God, it's Ron Howard. And he walked through And we were the next guest. Yes. And looked at us and goes, Hey, good luck.


Or have fun and like took a moment that's right. To like Hype us. Give us a little thumbs up where I was like, you classy bastard. So fucking classy. Totally forgot About that. You could have rushed right out of here. Like you are so busy. And instead it was like full eye contact and like with this smile, like, Hey, isn't it fun? Yeah. We all get to be on this show. Just these two girls sitting in the green room going like, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. And He's just like freaking out. Good luck Guys. Have fun. Oh my God. Uncle Ron. Thank you. I love that, man. I've always loved that man since my happy days, days in my childhood, but that was like, God, that was meaningful. Yeah.


Yeah. So classy. But guess what? What? And that is the story of the Apollo 13 mission. Whew. Amazing. I mean, we really went through it on that one. I, I think I've lost 13 pounds by just sitting here and listening to this fucking shit. I had my first known hot flash And on record, On record where I wasn't asleep for it. So It's pretty epic. I think we need to actively start talking about menopause on our show because A, people don't talk about it enough. They don't, and B, it is happening. It is happening. Are we gonna alienate the little gals who are like, what are you talking about?


My tits are perky and I don't know what else is there. And I don't sweat randomly for no fucking reason. But Here's the thing, they will eventually they will. And that's the, that's like no one talks about this shit. And so when you come to it, you're like, I think I'm in a bad mood. Totally. I think I'm, I think the heater's on, I think this and I think that because there is no hygiene class in high school that talks about it. There's nothing, let's Talk about hormones and just to like calm everyone down. My tits are still very perky. Oh my god. You should see they're almost above her eyes. It's crazy. Very Distracting. Just hitting myself in faith. That was great. Good job. That was really good.


Thank You. Thank you. Yeah. Well thanks for listening to our little quickie episode. We appreciate you guys being here. Going to space and back and menopause and all over with us. Yeah. And all of the places. Thanks for joining us once again on the journey of life. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Elvis, do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Heck and Molly Smith. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McGlashan and Ali Elkin.


Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow The show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly Right's YouTube page. While you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive. S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Taking care of yourself is hard enough without adding a blender and a bucket of spinach to the mix. Groons makes it simple to get your greens. No chopping, mixing, or pretending you like Kale Required just eight daily delicious gummies packed with over 20 vitamins, minerals, and 60 whole food ingredients. They're vegan, gluten-free, and tastes like fruit snacks. Plus there's Groons kids for the little ones, whether you're already into wellness or still figuring it out. Groons fits right into your routine. You've got nutrition gaps and Groons fills them. Use code MFM for up to 45% off. That's code MFM for up to 45% off. Groons. Get your greens the easiest way possible. Goodbye.