
This is exactly right.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or a B-cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy, and we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives.org


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh yeah, That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more About Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite Murder. I'm Georgia Hard Stark, and Karen and I are taking a short recording break This week In honor of Mental Health Awareness Month. So today we're bringing you a Listener Favorites Quilt episode. We'll revisit the Zoot TSU riots originally aired in July, 2020. And then Karen will tell the story of Cleveland's legendary Ten Cent Beer Night from February 2023. That is absolutely a favorite of yours. Just to top it off, in support of Mental Health Awareness Month, we're gonna donate $10,000 to The Trevor Project, among other amazing things. The Trevor Project provides counseling support for LGBTQ plus young people 24 7 all year round to go to The Trevor Project dot org to get more information and to donate yourself or to get any help you need.


And we hope you all take a little bit of time for yourself this month. Get a little self-care in there. We all need it. It's a rough moment in time, and we'll see you real soon. Okay, bye.


There's something about Spring that makes you wanna refresh your whole life. New routines, new goals, and definitely a new closet full of clothes. Luckily, quince makes your spring refresh easy with their elevated basics. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season Long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen shorts and dresses, starting at $30 plus luxe swimwear and Italian leather platform sandals. Everything is priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. Because Quince works directly with top factories, they cut out the middleman and pass the savings onto you. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. I'm gonna have to put away all my beautiful quince sweaters, and as I put those sweaters away, now I'm looking at beautiful sandals on their website. The Italian leather premium sandal. It's so beautiful. Perfect For spring Hot weather clothes. Come on some short sleeve shirts. Yes. Treat your closet to a little summer glow up with quince. Go To quince.com/mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm To get free shipping and 365 day returns, Quince.com/mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trod wife, but let's be honest, we all need reliable Wireless, and that's where visible comes in. Visible Is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the go Visible runs on Verizon's 5G Network so you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're Talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible plus Pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus it's all digital. You manage your plan in the app and you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch@visible.com plan starting at $25 a month for Their best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See visible.com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


When you were a kid, money management meant not losing your $5 bill before the ice cream truck arrived. Now there's Acorns early. Finally, a way to help your kid learn about money without the chaos. Acorns Early is a smart money app and debit card for kids that helps 'em learn the value of money. The app also has tons of interactive courses that make learning about money fun. Acorns, earlys Chores Tracker helps kids learn the value of a dollar. Just set up chores in the app, set a payment amount, and tick the chore off when it's done. Kids can spend what they earn with their very own debit card. They'll love the new sense of independence and getting to choose from more than 35 customizable card designs help the kids turn savings into a habit when using the app to set savings goals. They can even choose target dates and turn on the auto save features to help them get there. Acorns early. Lets parents pay allowances automatically. No more rummaging around for cash automatically. Send a weekly allowance to your kids' account with just a few taps. Head to Acorns dot com slash murder or download the Acorns early app to help your kids grow their money skills today. Acorns early card is issued by Community Federal Savings Bank member FDIC, pursuant to license by MasterCard, international TNCs apply monthly subscription fee starting from $5 per month and less canceled. Goodbye.


So This week I'm going to do what? Were you eating something? Yeah. Can you hear it? Shit. No. No. Reading. Oh yes. Like You just said that so slowly and staring straight ahead where I'm like, what's this gonna be, Karen? Oh, so I am doing the Zoot Suit riots. Oh, shit. Yes. I don't know how this has never crossed my mind to do it. Like it's always just kind of been a afterthought. And then I start looking into it and it's bananas. Yes. And there's so much to know. It's our city Yeah. Here Los Angeles that we know and love. So th this is when Los Angeles experienced one of the most historically significant episodes of racial violence in the 20th century, known as the Zoot Suit riots.


Yeah. So there's so much good information out there on the internet and podcasts and, and books. Some of them I got from the Hundreds, an article by Brandon Diaz smithsonian.com, an article by Alice Gregory la daily mirror.com. They have a bunch of old articles that you can read up there. Wow. There's an article by actual friend of the podcast, Alina Shakin, who I, who's a friend of mine, and she's a really great food writer. But she wrote an article on AIST about it. Cool. Scholar, historian, Eduardo o O'Brien, pagan, who wrote Murder at the Sleepy Lagoon, the book about it.


And then there's a podcast called Latino Rebels Radio. And they posted an episode called from Latino Media Collective, where they interviewed Professor Gerardo Lacone. And he's, it's an incredible interview. Nice. Mercury news.com. History Channel has a documentary thought co article by Robert Longley, curbed La article by Elijah Chilan. I mean, there's just so much out there. So Did you Now, may I ask please? Did you watch the film Zoot Suit starring Edward James? Almost? I did. It's so good. Did you really? It's so good. Yeah. I mentioned, I mentioned it at the end of the, the end of this. It's like, I saw that God in The theater You Did.


I know. I came out 81. 80, 81. Yeah. IG and you were all I all remember is Yeah. But it was like, if it was playing downtown, we'd just go see, we saw everything. Yeah. Yeah. And he, I just remember Edward, Edward Ja James almost in those zoot suits or whatever, and that leaned back thing. So chill. Yeah. I think it, it, it just was the stylistic fascinating kind of thing that I'd never seen or heard of before. It was like, did they invent something new? Yeah. And it's like, no, no, no, no. This is, this is Latino history. Yeah. This is like, this is origin shit. This is, and I, I just had no fucking clue. And there's okay. And it goes, it goes so deep.


And I'm obviously not gonna do a great job in 10 pages of getting to everything. So please do read about it and look it up, because it's, there's so many connotations that come along with this anyways. Yeah. So let's first start with a little history. The Mexican Revolution, which lasted roughly from 1910 to 1920, caused many Mexican families to immigrate to Los Angeles. So much so that by the 1930s, new immigration from Mexico, migration from other states, and the longtime presence of multi-generational residents dating back to the Rancheros, had made Los Angeles home to the largest concentration of Mexicans and Mexican Americans living in the us, the working class communities, most of which were concentrated to the diverse east side of Los Angeles.


Everyone here knows that. That's the east side had, You know, was historically Mexican and Mexican American families like Boyle Heights and Lincoln Heights were traditional conservative and self-contained. And actually, so my family immigrated here from eastern Europe to Los Angeles in the twenties as well, or late teens, early twenties. And Boyle Heights was kind of the only place where anyone who wasn't white could live. So yeah, there was a big Jewish population there as well. And that's where my family's from. So I think that's from Boyle Heights. Oh, nice. Those houses are Rad. They're amazing. Yeah. I, but it was like a lot of farmland too. I have old photos of my grandma and like the farmland I, there, it reminds me of something else.


And this could actually be in another Edward James almost film Stand and deliver at one of the great, oh so bad. Another great eighties movie that, that as a teen, I was like, oh, I'm so inspired. Maybe I'm gonna take calculus. There's no fucking way. But yeah. And I can't reremember it might be from that. It might just be, yeah. You know, other stuff I read. But it was some kind of thing where somebody yelling, like, go back to your country, to Mexicans and Mexicans being like, bitch, this is our, we were here long before you. Exactly. This is exactly, this is part of Mexico. Like what are you talking about? Totally. You're in our country. That's, That's part of this story. Right? Yeah. So the Mexican American communities in Los Angeles had faced decades of discrimination, You know, including not being allowed to patronize or even work in many of the businesses.


So like even waiting tables at a restaurant they weren't allowed to do. They could be the busboy at the most. Hmm. And even be, they were expected to step off the sidewalk when white pedestrians passed 'em. So it was just incredible discrimination. By the 1940s, LA had a Mexican American population of over 250,000. And many of those families now had teenagers that had grown up in Los Angeles. You know, so they, this, this is where they're from. Yeah. While their parents had been immigrants or, You know, know had lived there for generations. This is their hometown. This is where they're from. And so they felt like the city was theirs as well. And what do teenagers do? They fucking rebel.


And these teenagers were no different. So Nonas Pachucos, so Pachucos are the youth of this counterculture. And they're experiencing this huge cultural and generational gap between themselves and their parents. It kind of reminded me of like, rebel without a cause the way they were like, we don't want the norms that you're used to. We need to break out of what's going on, You know, and and ha and pave our own way. Yeah. And they were, they were fucking over discrimination that their parents and grandparents had experienced. And they wanted to create their own identities, enter the zoot suit. So the fashion trend, I didn't fucking know this at all, had first been popularized during the 1930s in Harlem's jazz dance hall scene, and predominantly worn by black teenagers.


So that's where it started. I didn't know that at all With black teenagers. Super, You know, the jazz scene, the extravagantly styled two piece suit, so just people who don't know, it typically included the bright color fabric, knee length suit coat. So it almost looked like a, like a overcoat. But yeah, it was a suit coat down to the knees. They had excessively wide shoulders. It was very flamboyant and extravagant. The flowing pants that ballooned out at the knee and tapered really tight at the ankle. I read a thing that sometimes they were so tight that you had to put lubricant on your feet to get it over your feet. It was just like, it was just this, like, it was a, it was purposely ostentatious.


Yeah. You know what I mean? And part of the reason that it was so tight at it was also like, function, because they were jitterbugging, they were doing these amazing dances. And so having flowing pants at the ankle would get in the way. So yeah. That's pretty cool. That's where that came from. And these weren't suits you could buy at the store. Either you had to go to a specialty tailor, or you could take a regular suit that was two sizes too large and have that tailored the right way. So Yeah. What I didn't realize about the style of dress is that the ostentatiousness and the flamboyant of the suit itself was a way of refusing to be ignored and dismissed as a minority. Hell yes. Right? Yes.


So, and this is such a use culture thing of, fuck you, I'm not fitting in and I'm going to look, You know, loud and, and get attention. I'm not gonna fade into the background. Right. I'm not gonna step off the sidewalk. 'cause you're walking by. I get to be like, it's like I get to take up space and I get to be here as I am. Exactly. Exactly. So minorities and people of color have always been expected to blend in and kind of be behind the scenes. You know, like they were menial workers. They were making everything comfortable for white people, but the rebellious youth refused to fade into the background. And that's where the zoo, what the zoot suit represented, plus the amount of material and tailoring required to make them, made them a luxury item.


Hmm. So it was like a defiance against their association as a second class citizen. You know, they'd save up all their money and they'd have these luxury tailor made suits. Yeah. They were essentially, I wrote, they were essentially bawling shot calling. One can say, If you're having a hard time relating to what this means, that truly the definition of bawling and shot calling. Right. And so the zoot suit becomes a symbol of counterculture and empowers young black and Mexican youth to express their individualistic identity within their culture and society. Fucking, both Caesar Chavez and Malcolm X were zoot suit wearers.


Nice. Right Now the female members of this counterculture are, are called Pachuca, and they wear tight sweaters and short for the time skirts that are like flared out. You can see them in the movie Zoot suit. They have fishnets, they have high hairdos and big earrings and heavy makeup. It was rumored that some of the pachuca would hide knives in their like boons and the big hair. I've heard that so rough. But the knives and razor blades sometimes. Yeah. I mean, love it. I hate violence. I'm against violence. That's badass. It really Well. 'cause If you need it, right? If you need it, throw it up in that hair. That's right. Do it. Other p chias would actually wear zoot suits themselves.


And that was a way to, to rebel against gender norms, which is so ahead of its time. And incredible. That's badass. I know, I know. So Catherine Ramirez, she wrote the book, woman in a Zoot Suit, wrote, these youths refuse to accept the racialized norms of segregated America with their flashy ensembles, distinct slang, extra cash generated by a booming war economy and rebellious attitude. Pachucos and Pachuca part participated in a spectacular subculture and threatened the social order by visibly occupying spaces, public spaces. Hell yeah. Yeah. So in Los Angeles, pachucos adopt the zoot suit in order to brand themselves as rebels.


But white people see Zoot suits as unpatriotic and zoot as they're called, quickly become branded as a negative thing. So this is partly due to the fact. So it's early 1940s, we get into World War ii, US enters World War II and 1941, and the rationing of resources and the commercial manufacturer of civilian clothing becomes strictly regulated because both fabric and the time and energy is focused on the war effort. Right. So, so zoo suiters become a public enemy because of the amount of fabric it took to make the zoot suits Because of racism.


Because That's an excuse for you to be racist. Yep. So bootleg tailors continue to make the zoot suits, which uses a lot of rationed fabrics. And so white people view the zoot suit itself as harmful to the war effort. And the young people who wear them are seen as un-American and unpatriotic, which is, i it is just an excuse for the racism. It's always that. Yeah. It's unpatriotic. Right. You're against the military. Exactly. It's all this, it's, yeah. Right, Right. Yes, a hundred percent. Especially because by World War II, migration had peaked. So there was a lot of tension going on in Los Angeles. And don't forget that this was also a time when Japanese Americans were forcibly sent to internment camps.


Japanese Americans who lived and thrived in Los Angeles were forcibly removed from their homes and businesses and sent to internment camps for the duration of the war. So obviously racism is rampant and blanket society. And that this is just a, I think we've talked about this before, but when the Japanese were sent to those internment camps, many Japanese people lived in southern California because they were here to grow the citrus groves. Mm. Which what used to be everywhere, down here, just everywhere. And like in Burbank, every other street has like a lemon tree or an orange tree on it. It's why Orange County is called Orange County. It's, it Was mile, mile after mile. And when they in interned the Japanese, they stole their land, they stole their property.


And people like Bob Hope went in and bought up all of this stolen land. And then it was just when those American citizens Yeah. Who happened to be Japanese, got released from those internment camps, they just didn't have anything. Yep. Because it was the, it, it's so ugly. It's, that's, it's one of the most disgusting historical times in our, well, they all are. Okay. There's so many, there's so many to pick from one, we'll talk about all of them On this podcast today. Okay. So throwing lighter fluid onto this fire is the fact that a naval school for the Naval Reserve Armory was built in Chavez Ravine. It's a, it's a primarily Hispanic neighborhood.


It's named after Julian Chavez, a rancher who eventually served as assistant mayor, city councilman, and became one of La County's first supervisors. So that area, you guys will know, it's where Dodger Stadium is, which I'll get to later. But Dodger Stadium was built in Chavez Ravine. The area had been home, and it's just, it's kind of these beautiful rolling hills. It's this really lush, lovely place in Los Angeles. It's right above Echo Park, if you've ever been here. And the area had been home to generations of Mexican American families. And the city used imminent domain, that motherfucking bitch to clear out some of those homes. And then sailors that had, so, so they put the sailors in this Mexican American neighborhood of Chavez Ravine, and then sailors had to cut through those neighborhoods to get downtown.


Hmm. So they'd be going downtown to drink. They'd come back through those neighborhoods. So of course there's going to be tension. Yeah. And there'd be cat calling. There'd be all kinds of, You know, tussles and that sort of thing happening. Stuff To start fights with. Exactly. Yeah. I think those building buildings are still there too. If you, If you are driving off the five to get into Dodger Stadium to get tested for Covid now is what it's for. Yeah. You'll see these old buildings, and I think that's where it's from. Wow. Pretty Interesting. Thank you. Sean Penn. By the way, You know Sean Penn's, the reason all that covid testing is set up at Dodger Stadium. You're kidding. I swear to God. I didn't know that He's, I don't know if he's financing it, if he organized it or what, but it, that's his thing. And I know a couple people who have done it, and they say, you pull up in the line, looks insanely long.


It's, you're done like that. I've heard that too. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone be careful. This is not a joke. Wear a mask. Okay. By the summer of 1943, tensions between the thousands of white US servicemen station in and around Los Angeles, and the Pachucos are running high because we also have ports here. There was station, You know, in stationed in San Diego all along the coast up through la there's a lot of servicemen here. Right. So many of the LA area servicemen view the zoos as draft dodgers, despite the fact that nearly half a million Mexican-Americans are serving in the military at the time. And a lot of the zoot suited Pachecos are teenagers.


So like 12 through 16. Right. So they're actually too young to even be eligible. So it's false. Yeah. Okay. So before we get to the Zoot suit rights, we have to go over a, the Sleepy Lagoon murder trial, which happens a year before the riots and is considered a precursor to them. So Sleepy Lagoon was a rural reservoir. And this is another thing is a lot of Los Angeles, which is now overdeveloped and crazy, was rural. So, like even Chavez Ravine was rural, rural hate. Rural, rural, rural, rural, rural. Rural, rural. So it's a rural reservoir on the east side of Los Angeles and what is now commerce. And that's a pop, it's a popular swimming hole, hangout spot, lover's lane for Mexican Americans, partly because they're banned from segregated public pools.


So that's where they swim in the early hours of the morning of, on August 2nd, 1942. A brawl breaks out at a birthday party near that near Sleepy Lagoon. When police arrive, they find an unconscious and mortally injured, 22-year-old named Jose Diaz on a nearby dirt road. He dies shortly after being taken to the hospital. His cause of death is inconclusive. Although he has severe blunt force trauma to the back of his head. They don't, they think it's from being, You know, jumped or hit, or it could be from a car accident. They actually, he may have got, might have gotten thrown off a motorcycle. They don't know for sure. But authorities blame his death and the big fight that had happened on the, at the party on the so-called quote Mexican youth gang problem in Los Angeles.


Hmm. So, in the following days, and there's amazing pictures from this, and we'll, I'm sure we'll post one on Instagram in the episode post the LAPD arrests, 17 Mexican American teens that are associated with the so-called 38th Street gang. And the word gang is, is really different back then. You know, it's, it's not what you think of now. So this, these kids who lived around 38th Street that hung out together are called a gang, when really it's just teenagers hanging out together. Yeah. There's no, they're not getting jumped in. There's not, there's not like the, you have to go now do violence or whatever. Right. It's more of just like kids that are all from the same neighborhood.


I mean, that's how exactly my dad grew up in San Francisco. It was just like, you're, you kind of represented your neighborhood. Right. And then on the weekends, you'd get drunk and street fight people. My dad used to love to say that. He goes, oh, if we couldn't find other people to fight, we'd just all fight ourselves because he had four brothers. So, yeah. Oh Man. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So, 38 Street gang quote, and despite lack of sufficient evidence, the young men are collectively charged with the murder of Diaz. They're denied bail, and they're held in prison, and they become known as the Sleepy Lagoon defendants. And they're paraded in front of the press. And part of the reason is because the LAPD, there's been a lot of false newspaper articles about this Mexican youth gang problem.


And so LAPD is like, look what we're doing about it. And they prayed them in front of the press to make it seem like they're actually taking care of it. But really all it does is make people even more afraid. So the, by the end of the week, police have used the excuse of Diaz's death to further arrest hundreds of Mexican Americans in nightly sweeps for offenses that are just trumped up. Like even possessing a draft card with an incorrect address. You can get arrested for unlawful assemblage. Like all these, You know, they're just arresting people. Yeah. And they single out youths in zoo suits in particular, cops line up outside of dance halls, and they have like pokers that they, with razor sharp blades that they use to rip the, the peg top trousers of the zoot suits of the boys as they come out.


So there's a lot of, there's a lot of like photos from back then of kids that have clearly been in fights and they're, the, the trouser of their legs are ripped. So the media doesn't help matters. And Prince incredibly racist headlines that history has shown were, were not supported by either facts or statistics. And in fact, the government statistics from that time found no increase in youth crime or delinquency. So talking about it now, it's completely trumped up. And it's basically just how dare you wear these outfits and say that you belong. Yeah. Stay in your, that it's your city. Stay in your fucking lane, essentially, is what they're saying. Yeah.


So in order to scare people, the press referred to the zoos as a quote, Mexican goon squad, and they called them delinquents and hoodlums. And they also distribute false stories of Mexican boys prowling at wolf packs, armed with clubs and knives and tire irons. They say they're invading homes, peaceful homes. It's all, it's all nonsense. So after months of racist media coverage that goes nationwide, including a fucking Disney cartoon in which a Donald duck beats up another duck dressed as in a zoot suit for being unpatriotic fucking Disney. The Sleepy Lagoon defendants go on trial in October of 1942. There's never any testimony that anyone saw.


One of the defendants strike the Vic. Like no one can put any of these defendants with or near the victim. And some of the defendants can't even be placed at the murder scene. And yet, judge Frick permits the chief of the Foreign Relations Bureau of the Los Angeles Sheriff's Office to testify as a quote expert witness. He says that Mexicans as a community, he testifies this in court, have a blood thirst and a biological predisposition to crime and killing because of the culture of human sacrifice practiced by their Aztec fucking ancestors. Jesus Christ. Yeah. That's a stretch because the Aztecs haven't been around for a while.


A and B, have you ever heard of Vikings? Have you ever heard of racial Profiles? The Kes, have you ever, have you ever heard of every single human clan has always had suck off? Exactly. Okay. The trial ends on January 13th, 1943 when three of the 17 defendants are convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. Nine others are convicted of second degree murder and sentenced to five years to life. And other, the other five defendants are convicted of assault. So following the Sleepy Lagoon case, there's a lot of hate towards the Mexican American community and US servicemen, most of whom, by the way, grew up in other states.


So they had had very little contact with people of Mexican and Latinx descent. They're now streaming into Southern California to prepare for war and are getting into violent altercations with young Mexican American suitors. And you also gotta think they're fresh outta bootcamp. They're, they're also fucking young men, You know? Yeah. And they have this, they have what they think is this patriotism that allows them to fight for their country. And they see these, You know, others as not American. And, and it's just, I mean, it's a, what's it called? Tinderbox, You know? Yeah. So, But also, but it is that thing of, there's people from small towns all over this country where they show up and instead of going, I'm new to the big city.


Right, right. They start looking at people who've, who've parents have lived there for 10 generations. Yeah. And say, Hey, get hey, foreigner. I mean, like, that's just that American ignorance that's so tragic, because that's true. This entire country is made up of foreigners. Yeah. I, I hate to tell you, I hate to tell you about, I Love to tell you to tell me about it. I hate, I love it. I have to tell you, listen, New Zealand, can you get me and Karen and Steven a Can we get in there? Please. Okay. They're Like, hell no. Only a week prior to the outbreak of what would become the Zoot suit riots, a number of Mexican Americans dancing at the Aragon Ballroom in Santa Monica and Venice are attacked by a mob of American servicemen and bystanders, after rumors spread that a sailor had been stabbed, which there's no police report to corroborate that.


An LAPD officer later says that quote, the only thing we could do to break it up was arrest the Mexican kids. So That's, that's it sounds like a setup. Yeah. That almost sounds like a burning car at 3:00 PM on, on La Bre and Fairfax, doesn't it? Or a guy with an umbrella umbrella breaking a fucking window at a fucking, what is it, what was the place? An auto parts Store that was in Minneapolis. Yeah. The big tall guy with the, that covered him himself entirely and completely got caught, because everyone's now onto that shit. Yeah. Okay. So modern times, modern Times, it's the worst. I wanna make clear that these are normal teen teenagers who are rebelling.


So of course they get into trouble. There's some escalated issues. They, there are some that are, You know, looking to fights. There are, You know, it's, it's the normal teenage thing that both you and I and everyone we know who's cool went through as teenagers. Yes. So, You know, there were these, there were cases of shit going down, but it was normal teenage stuff and Right. But that's the same thing as like, in these, in the protest, there will be Right. The person here and there, that's going to be like, I'm gonna loot that store. Yeah. And then that is what's manipulated and turned into this, is they're, these people are Yeah. And it's, yeah. Right. So I don't wanna seem like I am, I, I wanna make clear that I understand that.


And it's partly from the fact that the, there's, it's, there's a wartime effort now that's growing and includes women being able to work in these labor, in the labor force. So women and like mothers and grandmothers are now working in the labor force. So they're away from home. The fathers are either at war or they're working as well. The demands of the war effort made it so both parents were working and outta the house for the first time. Yeah. And they're also working through the night. So kids are, You know, they have a freedom they didn't have before, and they're not being looked after the same way because of that. So, and they're, but then they're also being watched in a different way.


Right. Probably than they had before. Yeah. And police records at the time though, show that there wasn't, there's no escalation from regular juvenile delinquency. So it's not, it, it, there is no proof that it was worse at the time. It was normal juvenile delinquency, government statistics reported at the time, found no in increase in youth crime. And also, the other thing that scared people is that the police officers, a lot of them are away at war as well. So people are already primed and ready to be scared of, You know, this fictitious mob that's going to come after them. 'cause they're not protected by the police. So it, it, it's a, the crazy story in that so many little things had to add up to what happened.


Right. And they fucking did. Yeah. So all this tension is simmering. Rumors are flying, and just the sight of a zoot suit at this point is enough to fucking piss people off. Until one night in early June, an altercation between a sailor and a pachuco escalates into a brawl outside of bar in downtown la. And this sailor gets, maybe gets knocked unconscious. We don't really know. There's a rumor that a sailor gets stabbed that's never corroborated. And so the following day, the following night of June 3rd, around 50 sailors leave the armory flanked with makeshift weapons, and they wanna get revenge for the fight from the night before.


So at the Carmen Theater downtown in downtown la, they turn, they get the house lights turned on, and like 50 sailors, they roam the aisles looking for zoos. They find two boys, their ages are 12 and 13. They, no, they yank them out of their seats. And it says, ignoring the protests of the patrons. So, You know, the people there were not fucking cool with it. The sailors drag them on stage, they rip the zoot suits off these kids, and they beat the boys up, and they set the zoot suits on fire. Jesus Christ. And this is the start of the Zoot suit riots. And so this becomes a kind of a theme of humiliation and violence.


The next night, over 200 sailors grab a fleet of 20 taxi cabs, which the taxi cabs waved the fair to, to transport them, and decided to take the fight into the Mexican-American neighborhoods of East Los Angeles and Boyle Heights. And the sailors cruise, the neighborhoods they storm into bars and cafes and theaters. There's nowhere that's safe. And, You know, violence continues on the night of June 4th and fifth, confrontations between servicemen and suiters occurring all over the city. And some military personnel start targeting anyone who looks to be of Mexican descent. Like they don't even care about zoot suits anymore.


They're berserk. Yeah. On June 5th, a group of Mexican musicians from El Paso are assaulted as they exit the Aztec recording company. Even though they're not wearing zoot suits at all. The racist press encourages a serviceman, the Hearst Own Herald and Express publishes inflammatory stories, including one that warned of, of 500 suitors planning to kill every cop. They came across, You know, the Los Angeles time applauds rioters for teaching zoo suitors a lesson. But the media just happens to suppress any mention of the white mobs that are actually, You know, the fucking rioters. Yeah. They're the rioters. And one Los Angeles paper prints a guide on how to desu a suit, a zoot suitor.


So like Jesus Christ. Yeah. However, a reporter for the city's Black Weekly newspaper, the California Eagle named Charlotta Spears Bass, she writes a piece blasting mainstream newspapers for race baiting and calls for black readers to stand with Latinos. And there is a comradery there with the zoot suits and these teenage rebellion that like they understand that they're borrowing this culture, this jazz culture from another culture. And they all kind of stand together, which is good. Incredible. And also, another thing that could fucking scare racists is, You know, comradery.


Yes. You know what I mean? Is, is Yes. Is marginalized people laying down any kind of biases or Yeah. Banding together that they have And banding together. I mean, yeah. Yeah. On the night of June 7th, a crowd of 5,000 civilians and gather downtown, so it's 5,000. It's civilians, it's soldiers, marines, sailors from other stations as far away as Las Vegas, they fucking get on board and come down to like, fight this, fight the witness, a witness to the attacks. A journalist named Carrie McWilliams writes, quote, marching through the streets of downtown Los Angeles, a mob of several thousand soldiers, sailors and civilians proceeded to beat up every zoo suiter they could find Jesus.


And there's photos of this. There's these two young boys sitting, one has clearly been beaten and unconscious. The other one's like hunching over him, naked they ha And there's a crowd circling them. Oh. It's, it's pure humiliation and violence. A man named Vincente Morales and his girlfriend were at a show at the Orthe Theater, which is a friend of the podcast, friend of the pod, where sailors drag him out of the building, strip him of his clothing and beat him unconscious. And when he comes to LAPD officers arrest him for disturbing the peace.


It's sick. It's so oppressive. It's so, it's so upsetting and oppressive, and It's sick. And If you think it's that much different from the way it is today, you're reading the wrong fucking newspaper. Yeah. You know? Yep. Yeah. As writing spreads into predominantly black neighborhoods like Watts, Latinos join with black residents to mount a resistance with hundreds gathering. There's a Coca-Cola plant on Central Avenue, I guess years later, participant Rudy Vos tells the LA Times reporter quote, toward evening, we started hiding in alleys. Then we sent about 20 guys right out into the middle of the street as decoys. They started coming after the decoys.


Then we came out, they were surprised. Shit. Shit. It was the first time anybody was organized to fight back. Nice. So they fucking joined forces like the fucking X-Men, the police arrest dozens of young Mexican Americans. And one of them asks, when one of them asks, why am I being arrested? The response is that they get savagely fucking beat with a nightstick for asking that when the boy falls to the sidewalk unconscious, he's kicked in the face by police. Please remember, these are 13, 14, 15-year-old children, Junior high students. Yep. Getting, getting the shit kicked out of them by fully grown football, by Adults who have been trained in, In this, by military combat.


Exactly. So at midnight on June 8th, my birthday, Hey, Happy again. Happy Birthday. Thank you. The Navy and Marine Court finally intervene and declared downtown. So all the sh You know, they, they intervene. All this shit happens that they, they're like trying to restore order. So they say, but the fucking, the, the riot lasts until June 10th, essentially. Oh my God. Their official position is that the, there are men were acting in self-defense on June 9th. The LA City Council passes an emergency resolution that makes it illegal. Ready for this makes it illegal to wear a zoot suit on city streets.


Not to beat the fucking shit outta someone for their outfit. And actually, what's really fucking interesting is that the War Production Board, which is a government agency that oversees industrial manufacturing, they, they put in all these guidelines. They make it require that manufacturers use 26% less fabric when they're making suits, which effectively criminalizes the manufacturer of zoot suits. Which is the first time any piece of clothing has ever been criminalized. Whoa. Yeah. So all You know, there, it keeps happening in other cities as well. There's no reported deaths, but more than 150 people are injured in the LA riots. And police end up arresting more than 600 Mexican Americans on charges ranging from rioting to vagrancy.


Only a few servicemen are arrested overall, in total, the riots last 10 days from June 3rd to June 10th, Shit. And no, so no one died. Wait, that's not 10 days. The rice lasted 10 days from June 3rd, No, to June, June 13th. That's not 10 days. I'm gonna say June 1st to June 10th, or it lasted Okay. Seven days. But it's early June is like the known, You know, they ended, who knows what the last day was, is what I'm trying to say. Gotcha. What did you say? What were you saying? That no one died. You said There's no reported deaths. Reported deaths. Right. Okay. Like, officially. Right. Got it. Right. So afterward, in response to a formal protest from the Mexican embassy who were like, I'm sorry, what the fuck?


A special committee is appointed to determine the cause of the riots. And the committee concludes that racism is the root cause of the violence, and also places the blame on the press for associating ERs with a supposed crime wave. Good. Yeah. But La Mayor Fletcher Bowron is intent on preserving the city's public image and declares that Mexican juvenile delinquents and racist white southerners are the ones who cause the riots. So their fault, we didn't do anything wrong. He claims that racial prejudice is not and would not become an issue in Los Angeles. No, guys, come On.


Yeah. We got some news for you from the future. Yeah. It's not a friend of your podcast. You admit it now. Admit it. Now. The un-American Activities Committee attempts to prove that the, the Zoot Suit riots were sponsored by a Nazi agencies attempting to spread, You know, their Nazi propaganda between the United States and Latin American countries. But of course not surprising, nothing comes out of that. Yeah. But let's bookmark that for another time, because I feel like couldn't be more relevant today. Right. In the after. Okay. So that's the Zoot Suit riots in the aftermath.


The Sleepy Lagoon trial. Remember that? Yeah. Fucking thing. The community organizes the Sleepy Lagoon Defense Committee, SLDC. And by 1944, it, they raise enough money to bring the case to the second District Court of appeals wherein the Judge Clement Nye overturns the verdict, citing insufficient evidence, the denial of the defendant's Right to counsel and the overt bias of Judge Frick in the courtroom. Nice. All 17 defendants are released in 1944 from prison with their criminal records expunged. So Oh, good. That's post Zoot suit riots. Officially, the death of Jose Diaz from the Sleepy Lagoon murder remains unsolved.


But before her death in 1991, former, a former Pachuca named Lorena Encinas confides to her children that her brother Lewis, who's dead, was the one who beat and killed Jose Diaz that night. Which we don't know if it's true or not, but that was a, her confession. There's so much more. Please look into the Chavez Ravine and see about imminent domain. And what ended up happening that they fucking forcibly removed the remaining Mexican American homeowners who'd lived there for generations. They ripped them out of their homes. They bulldozer 'em home. They gave them fucking panties on the dollar of what the, their homes were worth. Yeah. And they, for, because they were gonna redevelop the land in a high end homes, which didn't happen.


And they ended up, the city ends up fucking selling that very fucking crucial land at a huge profit is sold to the owner of the Brooklyn Dodgers, Walter O'Malley, who starts building the Dodger Stadium in 1959. That is a fucking blight on our fucking city, Dodger Stadium. And I, I really suggest people look into that. Yeah. I mean, it's a great fucking, I love, love the Dodgers. Love the stadium. Love going to it. It is an ugly time in history of what happened there. Horrifying. Yeah. And it also hasn't changed too much in that, and I won't get into it 'cause I actually, I've only very recently been reading about it. But is this is like kind of the spine of gentrification in that way where people that are from an area, especially in Los Angeles and the way people migrate to this town, and then the actual families and the people that have lived there for a long time Yeah.


Are forced out. And then they try and, because then those rents go up. Right. And you've got all the people that are like, I'm gonna be on a pilot this year. Well, it's urban sprawl. And so when you put, when you put entire cultures in a certain neighborhood and segregate them to that neighborhood, then when you want that neighborhood back, it's not like, You know, the city is naturally growing. You fucking steal that land back, even though you told them that's the only place they could live. You build freeways through their fucking homes so that the houses are worthless or they're divided from, You know, quote better parts of town. Yeah. You know, the whole LA freeway system, there was a recent LA Times article about it, how fucking racist and how race played into us building like the freeways make no sense here.


You're on the 4 0 5 and you wanna get to fucking Hollywood, it's gonna take you forever. It's because of those, those neighborhoods were, Because they were building 'em through, they certainly weren't building them through Hancock Park. No, they were not. That's for sure. No, they were building 'em through Inglewood. So it's, it's ugly. As for the Zoot suit itself, although it did fall outta fashion eventually the part it played in challenging the entrenched roles of race, gender, and class identities of mainstream America during World War II has not been forgotten. In 1978, actor and playwright, Luis Valdez wrote the Play Zoot Suit. It's the first play on Broadway made by someone of Mexican descent. Oh. And I know, and that got turned into a movie, 1981, starring Danielle Valdez, who's so cute and sweet.


And it, and Edward James almost. And actually in 2016, Los Angeles County Museum of Art searched out a zoot suit to display as part of their, like they had a men's like history of men's fashion. And it cost them nearly 80 grand to acquire a like legit old school suit suit Because they had been destroyed and kind of targeted probably that way where it was so impossible to find them. Probably. Wow. There's been a push from historians to change the name from Zoot Suit Riots, which fucking implies that it was the Otters who were rioting to the Sailor riots, but that hasn't stuck yet. And yeah, that's the story of the Zoot Suit riots and the Sleepy Lagoon murder.


Wow. The book that you can read, If you wanna know more, is Murder at the Sleepy Lagoon. Zoot Suits Race and Riot in Wartime LA by Eduardo a bring on Pagan. P-A-G-A-N is the last name. Mm. Wow. That's amazing. That's such a good history lesson and living in the city, it's really embarrassing. Yeah. That I don't know anything about. It's, it's just that feeling every time. It's the same feeling of, of watching that OJ special and learning all about the Watts rights. We just like, how come I I, You know, we don't know these things and should, they don't teach it In school because they don't, because it, because it makes us look bad. Right. And like, that's somehow not okay to be like, we did a really horrible thing and, but we're learning from it, You know?


Yeah. 'cause I think a lot of people aren't there yet, and a lot of people in charge aren't there yet. And Yeah. Or Whatever. Great Job. Thank you. Thank you. That was really good. Thank you. That was a really thank you to Lily for all her research notes. That was a really, that was a, that was an interesting one. I, I definitely spent a lot of time researching that and I could have spent a lot fucking more time, like there's so many good articles from every different angle. Cool. I definitely wanna look up, did you say the Getty is the, is the museum that got, because they were doing the fashion scene, sorry. No, no. In 2016, ca, Los Angeles County Museum of Art, they had a thing called Reigning Men. Reigning get R-E-I-G-N-I and G, reigning Men Fashion in Men's Wear from 1715 to 2015.


Oh, shit. Sounds fucking cool. Yeah. I, I was gonna say one thing really quickly. I texted my grandma to confirm, because my mom's side of my family has been here. Right. I mean, for generations. And my grandma's brother was actually a Zoot Suiter. Really? But he entered the Army. So I wonder if he and I, now I wanna like, call my grandma and ask her, like, I wonder if maybe he avoided this because Yeah. And they were in orange count. They were in LA and Orange County, right? Yeah. Yeah. Well, my grandma specifically grew up here. My mom grew up in Atwater Village, so, whoa. Like, we grew up. Yeah. So I really, now, next time I see my grandma, I tell, I like, I wanna learn more of this. 'cause I wanna know Steven, Do it. Please ask your grandma if she has a picture.


Yes. Oh my gosh. We, I would love to see an actual legit, Yeah. Morris family. What would that be? Your, what's your mom's maiden Name? My, my mom's maiden name is Valdez Raymond Valdez. Oh my gosh. Who's my grandfather? And then my grandma, her maiden name was Flores. So Sarah Flores. Oh my God. If she has a story, please get it on video or record it. Yeah. Yeah. That would be in Ccle. Yeah. Incredible. I'm so bummed. I can't ask my, my grandma was very old, but I'm so bummed I can't ask her if she remembers it. Although I know she would've just said, yeah, it was scary, You know? Yeah. That's incredible, Steven. Yeah.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trad wife. But let's be honest, we all need reliable Wireless. And that's where Visible comes in. Visible Is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots, so you can stay connected on the Go Visible Runs on Verizon's 5G Network. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible plus Pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus it's all digital. You manage your plan in the app, and you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch@visible.com plan, starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See visible.com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye.


Goodbye.


Spring is great, but between unpredictable weather and spontaneous plans, it's hard to know what your day's going to look like, let alone your outfit not to be dramatic, but socks can make or break your spring, and Bombas keeps it simple getting series about running. Bombas. Athletic socks are designed to fight blisters wick sweat and keep you comfortable. Whether you're on mile one or marathon training from spring cleaning to walking the dog, Bombas makes the ultimate air in socks, comfy arch support, stay up cuffs and soft cushioning so you can keep moving. And You know what goes great with new spring socks, fresh white t-shirts, waterproof slides, and a few pairs of buttery soft underwear. Bombas makes all of that too. I am here to attest to the fact that those underwear are so buttery soft when I see them that they're clean in my laundry. I get excited and they're the first ones I grab. Bombas started making socks when they learned that they're the number one most requested clothing item in homeless shelters. So thank you for shopping with Bombas. You've helped donate over 150 million essential items. Now that's a lot of socks and a lot of kindness. Head over to bombas.com/mfm and use Code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm. Code MFM at checkout Goodbye.


Spring always shows up like a group text. Too many plans, not enough time to respond cooking grocery shopping. No, thank you. That's why Hungry Root exists. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped into one. That's right. They'll take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored to you. Most of Hungry Root's recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less. And with over 15,000 recipes shipped Each week, there's something for every taste and nutrition preference. I'm the kind of person who doesn't look for something to eat or start cooking until I'm already starving. So I need these quick little meals more than anyone I know. So you have a quick veggie stir fry, for example. You have a nice salad, a nice hummus, and eggplant pita sandwich. Those are things I can prep and throw together really quickly to just put in my mouth because I'm already starving. And I love that about Hungry Root. And you're gonna love Hungry Root. Take advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungry Root dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. That's Hungry Root dot com slash mfm code MFM to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry Root dot com slash mfm. Code mfm. Goodbye.


Well, Georgia, You know how much I love TikTok. Of course. And one of the main reasons I love TikTok is 'cause it either educates me about things I absolutely knew nothing about, like you just did, or it reminds me of things I adore. Hmm. So that's what happened when I was scrolling through TikTok, I saw a video by an account called at the Feed Ski, F-E-E-D-S-K-I. And they reminded me of a story that I long ago heard on the dollop about the legendary 1974 Cleveland 10 cent beer night. Remember this?


No, but it sounds like a mistake. All right. From jump. Oh my God. Yeah. If you wanna do the three minute version of this story, you can go on TikTok, follow the Feed Ski. They will tell you about it. Okay. But you can also listen to the 2014 episode of The Dollop. It was the 15th episode of that podcast. She, Jesus. Yeah. Early, early days of the Dollop. Yeah. But I will tell you about it now you can also, of course, you can go on YouTube and watch footage from the game. Oh no. About what I'm about to tell you about, which is kind of amazing. Why Am I picturing it in like the 1920s? It's not right, It's not 74. Okay. Oh, 74.


Okay. That's a cozy place. I can, I can meet you here. You can, you should meet me there. 'cause you'll be happy you did. But compared to 2023, which every once in a while that number gets into my head and I'm like, wow. Because I started in the seventies. So 74 is like so much more familiar to me than where we Yeah. Than where we are now. Yeah. And all of the things in this are, it's just the delight of the way things used to be. Yeah. Which at this point, sometimes when you talk about it feels like you're lying. Or like it's a movie you watched. Right. So here's a little slice of the seventies that really will drive it home. And it's the seventies in Cleveland, Ohio. Wow. Which is a very specific vibe.


Yes, it is. So the main sources for this story today are at 2008 ESPN article by a writer named Paul Jackson, a 1974 Associated Press article by the writer Richard Bilotti. And the book Crazy with the Papers to Prove it by sports writer Dan Kauflin. And the rest of the sources are in our show notes. So what I'm about to regale you with is considered one of, arguably one of the most chaotic nights in sports history June 4th, 1974 takes place in Cleveland, Ohio in the seventies. I think it is safe to say that at this time, Cleveland was not flourishing.


They had several large problems. One is the pollution. They're so polluted there. In fact, that just five years earlier in 1969, the Cuyahoga River caught on fire. That's right. Oh God. And as alarming as that sounds, that actually eventually led the way for the government to start the Environmental Protections Agency. Right. Because pollution had just gotten so bad. It was So bad you guys, Not just like littering and stuff, but industrial pollution Yes. Where like companies that were making, You know, glue or were just dumping everything into the nearby river.


Yeah. And that's what was happening. And the perfumes and the gasoline we used was like toxic. Like there were days when the weather would be don't leave the house because the air is toxic. Right. I mean, I wasn't, I wasn't there, but my mom told me that. No, it's true. So there's the pollution issue. The city's also dealing with serious economic downturn. Over the past decade in the area, there's been a mass exodus of factories and industrial plants, meaning total loss of jobs, and also loss of population Between 1970 and 1980, Cleveland will lose nearly 200,000 residents. Wow. Because of like job loss and well, ev everything kind of, so in 1974, leaders in Cleveland are worried that the city is about to go bankrupt.


Mm. And on top of all that Cleveland's major league baseball team is not doing well. So at the time of the story in 1974, they were the Cleveland Indians. Oh, right. Indigenous groups have worked for years and years, decades to get this name changed. They just in 22 changed the name to the Cleveland Guardians. But for the sake of simplicity in talking about the story, I'm just gonna call them Cleveland. Okay. So that, You know, so we can talk about it. Good idea. So a year before the story takes place, Cleveland's baseball team has the lowest game day turnout of any team in the league. They, they basically are at about 15% capacity at every game o in their stadium.


It's rough. Oh God. They're reporting losses of around $1.4 million, which is 7 million in today's money. Right. So the situation is dire and management knows they need to do something to stay outta the red and to get butts in seats. They know the easiest way to boost attendance at games. So they basically suggest an idea that has worked well for them in the past, journalist Paul Jackson writing for ESPN says it like this quote, considering the state of the city in 1974, the team decided that Cleveland probably could use a drink. And this is the origin story for Cleveland's infamous 1974, 10 cent beer night.


So the real story actually starts the week before at Arlington Stadium in Texas. It's late May, 1974. The Texas Rangers are playing Cleveland in Texas. It's a shit show. So there's a lot of like, and I think things were a little, obviously a little less regulated, a little less official, A little less like branded. Yeah. Right. Slightly more bad news bears. I, yeah, I would say as everything was back then, You know, a person that is a baseball afic and auto is not gonna love my recap here, but I'm just doing it for simplicity. To give you the sense, look, video games, sports, we don't know anything.


Salami taking out the garbage. It's all boy stuff. So, but here's the basic recap for us, for the purposes of me telling you this. So in the fourth inning of this game, Texas Rangers are at bat, there's two men on, and whoever it is at bat hits. And the guy on first base is a Rangers player named Lenny Randall. So essentially there's a guy on first and second, and so somebody getting a single moves them both ahead. Got it. But the ball goes to Cleveland's third baseman. So he hits third base, he tags third base, gets that guy out and then throws it over to second base. It should have been a double play, which they needed because Cleveland didn't have any, hadn't gotten any runs so far.


Okay. So essentially the third baseman catches the ball that gets hit tags. Third base that guy's out, throws it over to second. Should be an easy double play. But Lanny Randall slides into second base and he hits the second baseman. So I guess he's safe and everyone gets super pissed off. He does a hard slide and basically in a way that they normally kind of aren't supposed to do, I think. Yeah. He got kind of physical and made it so that it was not a double play. Okay. Cleveland, the team and the fans are pissed. In the eighth inning. Lenny Randall is up again, the pitcher, Milt Wilcox, memorize all these names. Oh, beautiful name.


Milt Wilcox throws the ball behind him, which is, You know, he's, it's kind of threatening. It's basically like, I'm gonna hit you with this. Yeah. Lenny Randall ends up bunting and running to first base. So the pitcher, mil Wilcox picks it up and tags him. And as he does, Lenny Randall kind of hits him with his forearm. Oh no. Right. Cleveland's first baseman. John Ellis steps up and punches Lenny Randall. Oh shit. And so the bench is clear and here they go. And now everyone's fighting on the field. Fun. Right. All the boys run out to the field. Dozens of men throw punches at each other in front of stadium full of spectators. Oh my God. While the broadcasters call it live polish, it happens.


It's not like rare in baseball. Yeah. Wow. But essentially the fight's broken up. Everyone goes back to their dugouts, the Texas fans are pissed. They start booing, pouring beer on nearby players, throwing food. And then to add insult to injury, Cleveland loses three to zero. Ouch. Now the drama seems guaranteed because the two teams have to meet up again six days later in Cleveland Select, finish the series. Right. Oh dear. When a reporter from the Cleveland Press news newspaper asks the rangers manager Billy Martin, if he's gonna quote, take his armor to Cleveland, Billy Martin simply replies quote, nah. They won't have enough fans there to worry about.


Ouch. Boom. So that's gonna start some shit that's gonna piss some people off. Yeah. That's basically like salt in the wound as journalist Paul Jackson puts it, quote, the 74 Indians were a smorgasborg of mediocre and forgettable talent playing in an open air mausoleum Jesus end quote. End lives cool. It's like it rough times. The team's not good. You know, the stadium is barely has anyone in it. You can't say half hot are hot, thoughts are bad. Probably the like all of it is rough. Yeah. So now all of that is bad enough. But now this rematch right in Cleveland is also on the same night as the big brainchild idea idea.


10 cent beer night. Oh, everything's coming together in a bad way. So on 10 cent beer night, the 12 ounce pour of Genesee beer, have you heard of Genesee Beer? Must be Regional. Yeah. My dad hadn't heard of it either. So that beer normally costs 65 cents. Tonight's gonna cost a dime. Oh fuck. That's like getting a $4 beer for 60 cents. Wow. Thank you. That makes, that's good. A $4 beer for 60 cents for 60 cents. In hindsight, yes. This sounds like a horrible idea. But amazingly, Cleveland had already hosted, they hosted a nickel beer night in 1971 that went great.


And with no incidents. Okay. So they were like, this will work, this will be great. Okay. So no one's really worried about Tencent beer night coinciding with the rematch game. The only precaution Cleveland really takes in preparing for this is doubling security. Normally they have 25 security guards, now they have 50. That was actually a smart move since the brawl in Texas. The Cleveland, like journalists radio hosts, anybody that was like publicly talking about this game is talking about it like revenge rematch. Like they're, they're talking about it hyping it up. There's bitterness, there's vengeance. Cleveland sports fans are out for blood. They want, they wanna rematch.


So when the day arrives, it's warm and humid. In Cleveland temperatures are around 85 degrees, which is great weather. For a night game at a stadium, over 25,000 people show up to watch the game, which is almost double the normal attendance. Wow. Yeah. And the crowd also is decidedly young, because in the seventies, the national drinking age was 18. Oh my God. So right. Essentially, people in their late teens and early twenties pack the stands, aside from it being like, You know, a hyped up rematch, You know, whatever. A lot of people are outta work. A lot of people don't have too much money.


They can't afford not to go to 10 cent beer night because for a dollar you can get a ticket to get in, get a seat in the bleachers and get five beers. Oh. For $1. So each one a bigger mistake than the last, as expected, they open the doors. Everyone makes a beeline for the cheap beer. The second they enter the stadium, there is a rule set for 10 cent beer night. People are supposed to be capped at six beers per transaction. But as soon as the stadium opens, it's clear that there is a massive staffing shortage for this promotion. Because the cheap beer isn't at each like, oh, hotdog stand around the stadium.


It's one table with two teenage girls. No. Yep. At the 10 cent beer table. Oh no. And these girls are supposed to be keeping track of how many beers people get per there with no system. Yeah. There's no way to do that. They're just supposed to kind of be managing what is an absolutely unmanageable situation, which just, just so hilarious and so typical. So they're in charge of monitoring purchases, taking money, pouring beer for thousands of increasingly and very quickly drunk customers. They're immediately overwhelmed and before long they realize their job is impossible.


And also they can't handle these drunk customers who are rude, they're belligerent, they're berating them for having to wait in such a long line. Yeah. Like, it's bullshit. So eventually, thank God the girls just say, screw it and fucking abandon shit their life bye's. Right. Which is the very least that they should have done. Yeah. So someone from Cleveland's promotions team decides they're gonna solve that problem by driving a beer truck with taps, industrial taps on it inside the stadium, and then just allowing the fans to go up and pour their own beers for themselves unchecked. And I think what seems like unpaying Yeah.


For the rest of the night. Oh my God. So I don't know if that was the best call. No one's exactly sure when that truck was brought in, but it's pretty early in the game within the first few innings. And this game is not going well. In the first inning. Ranger Tom Grieve hits a home run and Cleveland fans are already drunk basically by, by this time. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. They're just like, they're pre-gaming, pre partying, they're getting it all done. They immediately start throwing things at Texas first baseman, Mike Hargrove, who would later go on to say quote, I must have had 15 or 20 pounds of hot dogs thrown at me.


Oh my God. In the second inning, a middle-aged woman runs onto the field and flashes the crowd, and then tries to kiss the head umpire. Nestor Shyla. Ugh. Of course, this is a major league baseball game. Oh my God. So Shyla iss furious at this interruption, but the crowd goes crazy. They of course love it. This woman, ah, there's pictures. She looks like a diner waitress. She has kind of like, she has big kind of buffony. Yeah. Done up hair. She's definitely on the older side. She is not, she does not look, look like a, like the kind of woman that's just gonna show you her tit for, she just doesn't.


Yeah. And she has this huge smile on her face. Like she looks like, it's just like, well, I'm, I'm finally living. All I can think about is her the next morning that asking your friend what you did last night, did I do anything embarrassing last night? Yeah. I have a bad feeling, but I don't know why something Went wrong. It suddenly starts coming back in little individual slides of like seeing Nestor Shyla yelling in her face of like, why would there be the home plate umpire screaming in my face? Oh My God, Why would he be mad at me? Nestor's furious. The crowd loves it. When security finally removes this woman from the field, the stadium goes crazy cheering for her.


They're thrilled before long streakers start running across the field during play. This was a big trend in the early seventies. It was, people love to get, because it was like kind of right after, You know, the hippie era had kind of come and gone. But that kind of crunchy, granola, nudity vibe was still there. Yeah. And streaking was a thing. There was a ton at 10 cent beer night. But perhaps the most iconic Marin writes, but perhaps the most iconic is the man who in the fourth inning, fully naked, aside from a pair of black socks. So, You know, he is a businessman, dramatically slides into second base at the exact moment that Texas' Tom grieve hits his second homer of the night.


Oh. So the game God is continuing on a Naked slide. Yes. Is, That's painful. It sounds, Yes. Yes. It sounds horrible. But also imagine that today where it's like you can't use an image of Major League baseball without getting the shit suit out of you. Yeah. Sometimes a cat runs across and they stop everything. And like, You know, also, there's a picture of him running and he's smiling. He kind of looks like Robert Plant. He has an amazing body. You're like, I get why you're doing this. Yeah. He's feeling it. Okay. So now the score's two. Oh, Texas is leading the beer. Drench Stadium seems to care more about the streakers than the score.


So his six security guards try to catch the black socked legend. He gets up from second base, he runs, basically climbs over the back fence and like Cinderella and her glass slipper, he leaves a single black sock behind on the field. But now he's in public, I don't Understand. Now he just has to walk home. Now he's stuck under the bleachers, kinda lost and shitfaced. Right. He's dealt with worse, I'm sure. I'm sure. So now it's the fifth inning. The score is five to one rangers. The cheap beer continues to flow on monitor from that beer truck, much like the streakers and the flashers who continue to flow onto the field, including a father's son duo who run onto the field.


And Moon, the fans Mooning was another big thing. Mooning was very popular back then. It's a partial streak. It's just a peep. Yeah, of course. The stadium goes crazy. The crowd is really drunk. It looks like the team is losing. So now they're just kind of into the display of whatever other people feel like doing. So up until this point, the trashed and largely teenage crowd has been rowdy, but they're harmless. Everyone seems happy. They're laughing, they're being silly. They're just kind of like enjoying this goofy night. That's how it always starts. Yep. I was, my next line is, but is all of us true alcoholics know that is about to change.


The goofy party atmosphere devolves into the realm of pure belligerence. So at one point, the Rangers manager, Billy Martin disputes a call by the umpire, a common thing that happens not that big of a deal, like a mean drug dad. At Christmas, the crowd decides it's deeply offended by this. And cups of beer are sent flying onto the field in Billy Martin's direction. He responds by blowing them a kiss from the dugout. So drunk fans start throwing any and everything that they can onto the field. And on top of that, because it is the seventies, multiple people have brought fireworks to the game. Yeah. What? Okay.


Yeah. Fireworks was a pastime, like a hobby in the seventies. It was something people did you Keep heightening this story and it's, I don't, It's going well. History does the people of Cleveland did. Yeah. Yeah. Full credit to them. So groups of drunk teens are now shooting off fireworks from their seats. And at this point, anyone who showed up for an above board normal baseball game is long gone. And what's left is an entirely wasted and increasingly chaotic crowd in a stadium that's starting to feel like a war zone. So now it's the sixth inning, and in an exciting turn of events, Cleveland starts to rally, they score two runs, and then in the seventh inning they score yet another.


So now it's five four rangers, and then Cleveland ties the score, and now it's five. Five. Oh shit. So the crowd starts to focus on the game again. They remember, oh, that's right. We're at a major league baseball game. And this is actually the point of all this. Their focus, of course, since they're so drunk, doesn't really last. And what they end up doing is the kids with the fireworks start trying to shoot the fireworks into Texas's bullpen where the other pitchers are warming up. And then inexplicably, they shoot them towards Cleveland's bullpen. All right. Everyone gets some. So this forces the very fed up empire, Nestor Shyla, to direct both teams to move their athletes out of the line of fire.


But the game continues on like this doesn't stop the game. Ugh. So they're just kinda managing the bad behavior at this point. Yeah. Now we're in the ninth inning, right? This is it. It's the last inning. Things are looking great for Cleveland. The score's five, five Cleveland's at bat, and the bases are loaded. This should have been the positive turning point. Yeah. The world is full of potential. Anything can happen right now. It could be something magic. Yeah. But another fan runs onto the field at this point. Oh, this guy's fully dressed. But the difference here is, up until this point, it's been fun times. It's streakers people running by it. Right. The playing to the crowd and running away before security can catch them.


This time, this fully dressed man runs towards a Rangers outfielder named Jeff Burrows. He flicks Burrows hat off his head and then tries to grab his glove. But because he is drunk, he falls down in the process of trying to do this. Of course. Oh Jesus. So Burrows, who of course never didn't expect that and like wasn't, didn't know he's visibly rattled by being bum rushed by this drunk stranger. So the man's down, he goes over and kicks him in the thigh, and then in doing that, he ends up falling over himself. Oh no. Burrows would later tell the associated Press that quote. I tried to call time, but no one heard me.


Oh my God. I mean, they're far away. They're still playing. They're still playing. And the outfielders are really far away from each other. Yeah. Each other. And everybody in the infield. Okay. He said, I was getting scared because I felt the riot psychology of all the crazy shit those baseball players are probably used to with crowds. Yeah. I don't think they'd probably seen this level. No. You get one or two drunk people, it's stands and usually it's like it's all takes place in the stands. Nothing's spilling out onto the field. I would imagine. So the Rangers manager, Billy Martin, has been watching this game, get repeatedly interrupted. He's had countless beer cups thrown at him.


Now. He's just had enough seeing this. He sees Burroughs fall over. And because it all happened so fast, he assumes Burroughs been attacked by this drunk fan. That's why he fell over. So he turns to the all the rest of the players in the dugout and he says, let's go get 'em boys. Oh shit. So the Rangers pull their bats off the bat rack and march out onto the field. Oh my God. Martin will later say quote, I knew it was silly for us to do that, but Jeff was out there all by himself. We couldn't just let our teammate get beat up. But as the Rangers move with their bats, more people from the stands start pouring onto the field basically in response.


And these are no longer the happy-go-lucky streakers of previous innings. This is now a drunken mob. Some of them are even carrying weapons. According to the journalist Paul Jackson, quote, Billy Martin spotted people wielding chains, knives and clubs fashioned from pieces of stadium seats. Oh no. The 25 Texas players quickly found themselves surrounded by 200 angry drunks and more were tumbling over the wall onto the field end quote. Oh my God. It's like a fucking zombie movie. I was just thinking that. It's a zombie nightmare. Oh my God. It's one of those fast zombie movies, but with more burping.


So over in the Cleveland dugout manager, Ken Asper is seething. He is so close to getting this legendary win. Right? Yeah. How insane would that make you of all the work that you've done up until this point, you're actually making a comeback. Yeah. Like you're supposed to do his team, his bad news Bears team is on the verge of winning basically. Yeah. And drunk fans are screwing it up for them. And he is also watching the Rangers become vastly outnumbered as more and more people come down from the stands to like basically fight. He's legitimately worried that he's about to witness a bloodbath for these Ranger players. Yeah.


And so, in a moment of solidarity with the team, that seconds ago was Cleveland's bitter rival. Asper Monte orders his players to grab any and all available bats and go help the Rangers. Oh, let's add some fuel to this fire, essentially. Yes. Exactly. So now a full on war has broken out between a couple dozen professional athletes with bats and hundreds of belligerent, mostly teenage fans with chains and armrest clubs who are fucked up. Yeah, they're, it's gnarly. The Cleveland catcher pushes a man down and kicks him in the face. A ranger tackles the guy that's trying to take down his teammate.


A drunken Cleveland fan hits Cleveland's pitcher over the head with a chair. Oh no. It's mayhem. Nestor Shyla, the head umpire also gets hit over the head with a chair. Oh. After that, he stands up and sees a hunting knife, landed his feet. And he knows he has to call the game now. But first they have to get to safety. So Shyla will later tell AP that quote. We were so scared out there, it was 500 to one odds. And we could have gotten killed very easily. I'm sure the only other place you would see something like this happen would be in a zoo and quote, oh my God. They get both teams, stadium staff, the umpires, and a couple reporters.


They're, they're all able to fight their way back to the dugouts. And then from there they go into the tunnels that lead, You know, back to the locker rooms. Right. Like in safely inside the stadium. They bolt the doors behind them. They're all soaked with beer, blood, sweat, and spit. Ugh. And they're trying to process what's just happened. One of Cleveland's announcers, who's broadcasting live from the press box, captures the atmosphere. Well, he says, quote, I've been in this business for over 20 years and I have never seen anything as disgusting as this. Oh my God. This is tragic. So now that the athletes and their staff are safely off the field, Nestor Shyla calls the game.


He calls it a forfeit due to the crowd's bad behavior, which means the Rangers win. Oh. But out on the field, the news incites a new wave of, of like violence from the drunken fans. 'cause there's still hundreds of people swarming the field now. They just go crazy. They start stealing anything that isn't nailed down. They're taking the bases, they're pulling up grass. They even ripped down pieces of the stadium's. Padded wall. A writer named Dan Kauflin is one of the unlucky journalists who didn't escape into the clubhouse with the teams. When the game is forfeited, he's out in the stands trying to interview fans.


This would be an expected thing for any sports journalist to do. But as Coughlin approaches, spectators asking F for their point of view, he gets punched in the face. Not once, but twice. Oh my God. It's just like out of control. And meanwhile, sorry to laugh at you, Dan Coughlin. No, it's not funny that you got punched, but it is all of a sudden just all of society breaks down. Yeah. In a stadium in Cleveland one night in 1974. Mob mentality, right? Yes. And meanwhile, in a le, this is Marin's writing in a legendary failure to read the room. Cleveland's organist starts playing.


Take me out to the ball game. It's over the loud speaker. No. So it's just, I mean, like that organist is pretty hilarious. Yeah. The Cleveland police arrive to clear the stadium, and here's how they do it. They turn off the lights and throw tear gas onto the field. People bolt, except for a dozen defiant teenagers standing on top of the Rangers dugout calling for the Texas players to come back out and fight them. Yeah. That's definitely gonna happen. I, That vibe though, is so familiar to me. It's so like, as I read that sentence the first time, I was just like, yeah, yeah, Yeah.


But you're also like, I know him. I know him. I've met that guy before. I've met that guy. I've loved, loved that guy. Yeah. I've been that guy. All in. All nine people are arrested on 10 cent beer night, and seven are sent to nearby hospitals where they're treated from minor injuries and released. Amazingly. No one is seriously injured at 10 cent beer night. All right. It's a miracle. But the athletes and the stadium crew are shaken up by this experience. Yeah. Understandably. Billy Martin tells the Associated Press that quote, it's the closest I've ever seen anybody come to getting killed in my more than 25 years in baseball.


And Nestor Shyla is said to have been so heated after his narrow escape from the field that he, when he got down into the locker room area, You know those hallways in the stadium, he smashed every light bulb in sight. The fuck. Nestor was pissed. But I mean, like, you can imagine that it's just, that's the adrenaline, the survival adrenaline. Yeah. I mean, that must've been so scary and crazy. And You know, he was upset because with a compress held to his injured head, he tells reporters, quote fucking animals, you just can't pull back a pack of animals when uncontrolled beasts are out there. You gotta do something. I saw two guys with knives and I get hit by a chair.


If the fucking war is on tomorrow, I'm gonna join the other side to get a shot at them. Wow. And quote, he was pissed. Wow. He was pissed. So really, besides the arrests and the stolen property and the general mayhem, the most interesting part about 10 cent beer night is that strange moment of unity between the Cleveland and the Texas players against the drunken mob. Texas Ranger Rich Billings would go on to tell the press quote, I really don't know what would have happened if the Indians hadn't come out. They were the real peacemakers in the deal. Wow. So essentially, if those players hadn't started defending people, yeah. It would've been an attack.


Totally. And despite the league's absolute fury at everything that went down that night, Cleveland would go on to throw another 10 cent beer night. Just a few weeks later. No. Have we learned nothing? Oh my God. No. But they did learn. So this time they have a strict two beer per person limit, and they use tickets to track the purchases. And they have four times the usual security staff. Okay. And here's the good news. The evening goes off without a hitch. And that is the story of Cleveland's infamous 1974, 10 cent beer night. Oh My God.


Mayhem, mayhem. Mayhem. Also, who brought a hunting knife to a baseball game? Truly. Truly. Yeah. What were you doing? You are not fucking who I, I don't know. Bear grills. Thank you. I was like, I had so many names suddenly flooding my head and I couldn't pick one. He is. He is the best one. He loves a knife. Yeah. Wow. Great job. Great story. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, I like that one. Yeah. I've been waiting to do that one for a little while. Yeah. Yeah. The world contains multitudes that's right. From the sisters who essentially saved the Dominican Republic to the Cleveland fans who ruined baseball for one night on purpose, for fun.


And we're here to deliver all of it to you. We want you to know about all of it. Our valued listeners, we love you. We do stay sexy and don't get murdered. Give, give a, Hey, Elvis, do you Want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Heck and Molly Smith. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sci. Our researchers are Marin McGlashan and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder.


Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly writes YouTube page. While you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives.org


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's tir your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace Run. My husband came home from his military deployment. Readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully, I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents. Ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist. We meet when it's convenient for me, and I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband and I started seeing a couple's therapist through Talkspace too. Talkspace works with most major insurers, including Tricare Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com slash military. Go to Talkspace dot com slash military to get started today. That's Talkspace dot com slash military.