
This is exactly right.


Did you know an American Home Shield warranty helps protect items in your home that you use every day? If Covered parts of your hvac, electrical, plumbing, or appliances break, American Home Shield will fix or replace them no matter their age. You can Save on a new plan today. Our listeners get 20% off any plan. Visit Ahhs.com/mfm to sign up and see promo details. See ahs.com/contracts for coverage details, including limit amounts, fees, limitations, and exclusions. Goodbye. Goodbye.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you. We are root And we do car insurance differently. We don't believe it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like occupation or education. Because we know who you are on paper has nothing to do with who you are behind the wheel. And that means savings. It's easy to get started. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switched to Root Root Insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today to see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for details. Sales


Life insurers, Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza Night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how Life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


Hello. Hello, And welcome To my favorite murder. That's Georgia Heart Stark. That's Karen Kilgar. And this is that True Crime podcast that your sister told you about 10 years ago And that you finally listened to or haven't. If you haven't, how are you hearing this right now? Do we sound funny? Is this funny? It's a zen cone. She said we were funny. She said we were supposed to make you laugh, but too bad. How's it going? Good. How are you? Good. I just binged Ioni Sky's new memoir. Say everything. So I'm in that kind of this eighties mentality, like eighties tell all, everything mentality. And how is that mentality affecting your life?


I'm being very vulnerable, I think. And I wanna sleep with John Cusack, but That's it. I think that's the way to go though. Right? When I first saw Better Off Dead when I was like 14 years old, it was like the humor where I was like, oh, there are other people that think weird shit is funny. Yeah. And then him in the middle of all that, 'cause he had, I had first seen him as a nerd in 16 candles, and I think this was right after that. Yeah. Because he's a little older, a little taller. And I was just like, this guy, is it he is. I think many, many girls in the eighties were just like, it was like, he was cute, but he wasn't Rob Lowe. Intimidating. Cute. Right. And he was super funny and super real and he seemed a little sad.


It was like all the things you love. Yeah. It's like accessible. However, it's hard to look at. I mean, she tells all I You would love it. I think it's a, it's a really good vulnerable, like honest book. And she's really weird too. So I, I feel like it speaks to me in a, I wanna be a cool girl Way. Yeah. Don't we all? I mean, she is this Wasn't she married to talk about Cool Girl? Wasn't she married to, was it Diamond? My D from the Beastie Boys? Or was it Adam? She was married to Mike D Yeah. I mean, like her and Kathleen Hannah get Cooler than that. How much cooler do you wanna be? God. Yeah. What about you? Anything you're binging? Well, It was just my 55th birthday, which is birthday.


The Sammy Hagar birthday. What does that Mean? I can't drive 55. It's the Sammy Hagar hit. Oh, got it. Speaking of the eighties, if you wanna talk about the eighties Happy birthday. Thank you. It was nice. I went to Petaluma. It was on Mother's Day, so Oof. I have a holiday birthday. It happens. That's hard. And it's not great when your mom's dead. That's so, there's, there's a little, you know, you're getting flowers and you're like, is this, is this positive? Is this negative? But yeah, I've said this to you before. The older you get, the less your birthday. You do. Definitely stop doing that. Like, it's my birthday week And we have to go to dinner on Tuesday and this on Friday, whatever. It truly becomes this thing of like, I just don't wanna, I just don't wanna talk about it.


I Just wanna, I know what everyone else wants to, so, you know, have to do it for them. That's true. Which Isn't, you don't have to do anything for them, I guess. I mean, ultimately No, but you have to be able to receive, so Yes. Okay. You can't, I can't say, I should say like, just ignore it. Because people want to let you know that you matter to them. Yeah. And that they love you and they're glad that you lived yet another year. Right. And it's kind of the only like, acceptable time during the year for them to say that. You can't just randomly bust that Out. You shouldn't, You know, on a Tuesday. Oh My God, I'm so glad you survived. What? Nothing. Nothing. I Have a really funny gift for you, but visual And you have to touch it. And we're not in the studio right now, so next week we're in the studio.


You're gonna get a belated, hilarious birthday gift that I bought months ago when I saw it on Instagram. And I was like, I have been holding it and waiting for your birthday. This. Oh, nice. For this. But now it has a lot to live up to, so it better fucking be Funny. You know what? Also, that just reminded me that we took last week off for a much needed break. Yeah. But we didn't do our briefcase presentation, so Oh yeah. Now we really have to do it. I am glad. 'cause I can't fucking find one. Can you, did You really look? Oh My God, I've looked so much and I, I went through my own closet and I was like, this might work. Is this, you know, I, I have looked. Hmm. And it's harder than I thought it would be. It is very obscure.


It is. It is. Is there such thing as a business thrift store? Ooh, it's Filled with ties and suits and briefcases. That's sexist. And dresses And working dresses with shoulder pads, the whole thing. And unisex jumpsuits, you know. Ooh, let's not be so gendered at work all the time. Come on guys. Stop. Guys, stop it. Do you wanna talk about, there is some sad news in the true crime journalism world. That's Right. We must say an RIP to the incredible British crime reporter who we have sourced many times for this podcast. Yeah. Duncan Campbell, he died at 80 after a very admirable career in true crime. A huge name.


He worked for The Guardian. He was a huge name in British journalism. Married to the actress Julie Christie, which is, you know, Jesus a huge accomplishment all in itself. If you haven't seen shampoo, it's one of the greatest movies of all time. Yeah. We've used him many times in the, You know, he was a source. And the story I told about the Great Train robbery and in the Hat and Garden heist story, you know, RIP. Yeah. True Crime Journalists are the reason we're all here in true crime podcasting. It's a direct line. Truly. Yes. Thank you for to all the true crime journalists that make these conversations possible. Yep. All. Should we do some highlights of our podcast network called Exactly Right Media.


Let's Do it. So over on The Knife this week, Hannah and Peisha share Meg Richter's story. Meg was labeled a troubled teen and sent to Mountain Park Baptist Boarding Academy, a Christian reform school, but was actually more like a juvenile detention center. And they talk all about the corporal punishment and the cult-like atmosphere. It is, those are some of my favorite stories of like, what were they getting away with back then? It's so crazy. I mean, it's wild. And the Knife, please follow them. They're doing some incredible work. We're so proud to have them newly on the network And they're doing really well. That show is becoming a true hit. And people are really responding to not just how good it is, like in terms of the topic that everyone's interested in.


Yeah. But how good Hannah and PE are as hosts and their conversations are incredible. Yes. Thank you guys so much for supporting that. And then over on varied bones, Kate Winkler, Dawson, and Paul Holes head to 1855 Ohio, where a farmer died under suspicious circumstances. The investigation starts out standard with suspect's, motives, a few twists, but what unfolds is anything but ordinary. So make sure you check That out. And then over on, do You Need a Ride? Chris and Karen, welcome the hilarious Martha Kelly. Oh my God. We have a two-parter with Martha Kelly. You know Martha from the television show Baskets, she played the character Martha. She's also on Euphoria. She's been in a bunch of movies. Martha is a standup comic who is basically one of those comics.


Comics that yeah, everyone loves. She's one of the funniest people. So we ended up doing a two-parter. 'cause it was just, yes. We just were like, let's just keep going. And Absolutely our Work is done here. But she also, if you haven't seen her on TikTok, she's hilarious. And you should definitely check it out if you are on TikTok. And over on I said, no Gifts. Bridger remains gracious as ever. When Mary Elizabeth Ellis, our friend from, it's always sunny in Philadelphia, and a man on the inside shows up with an unapproved gift. They talk swamp tours, la rabbits, and the dangers of Chicken Caesar salad. I love Mary Elizabeth. She's the Best. Speaking of gif, we've got some merch news. The MFM Crow's pullover hoodie is here just in time for summer.


What I think Alison was being sarcastic when she wrote that just in Time for summer. Yay. Wear it to a freeze and cold movie theater. Or just stored away for winter if you want to. But they are some pretty gr I love this design. Yeah, I love the way they made this sweatshirt. So go take a look at it and see if you don't love it too. And also, we've restocked the I Shall Never Submit Teases inspired by the Pearl Heart story from episode three 70. You guys love that piece of merch, so check that out. It's available now in both ladies and unisex. And you can see all of our merch@exactlyrightstore.com. Yay.


There's something about Spring that makes you wanna refresh your whole life. New routines, new goals, and definitely a new closet full of clothes. Luckily, Quince makes your spring refresh easy with their elevated basics. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen shorts and dresses, starting at $30 plus Luxe swimwear and Italian leather platform sandals. Everything is priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. Because Quince works directly with top factories, they cut out the middleman and pass the savings onto you. Quince suddenly partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. I'm gonna have to put away all my beautiful Quint sweaters, and as I put those sweaters away, now I'm looking at beautiful sandals on their website, the Italian leather premium sandal. It's so beautiful. Perfect For spring hot weather Clothes. Come on some short sleeved shirts. Yes. Treat your closet to a little summer glow up with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye.


Spring always shows up like a group text. Too many plans, not enough time to respond cooking grocery shopping. No thank you. That's why Hungry Root exists. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped into one. That's right. They'll take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored to you. Most of Hungry Root's recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less, and with over 15,000 recipes shipped Each week, there's something for every taste and nutrition preference. I'm the kind of person who doesn't look for something to eat or start cooking until I'm already starving. So I need these quick little meals more than anyone I know. So you have a quick veggie stir fry, for example. You have a nice salad, a nice hummus, and eggplant pita sandwich. Those are things I can prep and throw together really quickly to just put in my mouth because I'm already starving. And I love that about Hungry Root. And you're gonna love Hungry Root. Take advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungry Root dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. That's Hungry Root dot com slash mfm code MFM to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry Root dot com slash mfm. Code MFM Goodbye


Spring is in the air outside smells like fresh flowers and warm sunshine. So don't let your cat's litter box ruin your inside time. Pretty Litter keeps the air fresh inside and out. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight, low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. It's the cat litter that gives you peace of mind. Their crystals will change color to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infections and kidney issues. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. Pretty Litter Works great. Everyone knows that. I love it. I have three cats and it definitely gets rid of the odor, but I also have an elderly cat. And kidney issues are such a big part of cats aging. And so it's like this incredible lifesaving bonus that you can detect any urinary problems with the litter. That's incredible. Why would you not use Pretty Litter? So True. Pretty Litter helps Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's Pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm Terms and condition supply C site for details. Good. Goodbye. Bye.


You're first right? I am first. And I'm here with a classic true crime story. Alright. I was not familiar with it when I first heard about it, and then I think it was Marin probably found it and pitched it. But then I was like, as I read her research, I was like, oh, that's why I thought I heard of this before. And you'll see what I'm talking about. Okay. So if you wanna watch a TikTok about this case, there is a creator named Zev Universe. So it's at XEVI, capital U universe. And they talk all about this story. If you wanna watch a TikTok version, and just for anybody that is sensitive to it, there are very brief mentions of violence against animals. In this episode.


There's very long mentions of violence against humans. So this story starts in 2006, and while this is not a story entirely about Mike Tyson, it does begin at his boxing gym. Hmm. So this was when Mike was based in the Phoenix area of Arizona. Long past his championship years, he is in an enormous amount of debt. Remember when Mike Tyson used to live with fully grown live tigers? Yes, totally. When he lived in Las Vegas and was married to Robin gis. Absolutely. I mean, like he really went for it. So he's in debt, but he's still one of the most famous boxers of all time. So to help pay off his debt, he's gearing up for a world tour.


His team's focused on promoting the matches and boosting ticket sales, And that includes him doing interviews here and there with sports reporters. So today at his gym, Mike's set to meet with a local boxing journalist for a quick chat and for some photos, Tyson will later describe this man as a small, polite white guy. Their time together goes smoothly there. Nothing happens. And before the man leaves, he asks to get a photo with him and Mike together. Of course, Mike Tyson agrees. That's that the guy leaves. Mike Tyson never really thinks much more of it. And then one morning a few weeks later, Mike is again at his gym working out when a SWAT team surrounds the place.


Mike has had run-ins with the law kind of infamously. Yeah. He also grew up in a horrible part of New York City over in Brooklyn. You know, he's no stranger to the police. So he's totally freaked out, has no idea what's going on, and immediately starts apologizing. Hmm. He's confused, but he's like, what did I do this time? Basically? Yeah. So a sergeant steps forward shows Mike Tyson a photo, the one with the boxing journalist from a few weeks earlier. And the sergeant asks how he knows this man. Of course, Mike can't remember anything going wrong during the interview or why this would be an issue, but he apologizes anyway and says, I'm quote, I must have said something to him.


I must have offended him. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do that. End quote. Wow. It's like basically he's like, they're coming for me. Right. I need to start immediately apologizing. Yeah. Trying to fix this. So quickly. The officer makes it clear to Mike Tyson, Mike Tyson's not the one in trouble here. He explains, the photo was pulled from that man's website, which is what led the SWAT team to Mike's gym. And then the sergeant says, quote Mr. Tyson, he liked you, but he didn't like the 28 people he shot, or the eight he killed. End quote, what alongside his accomplice, the man in the picture with Mike Tyson spent 14 months terrorizing Phoenix, Arizona with horrific and random acts of violence.


This is the story of Phoenix's serial shooter case. Holy shit. Right. I don't remember this yet. It's crazy. Which sounds horrible. It's horrible And crazy. In 2006. Yeah. Like Basically a later version of the DC shooter, which yeah, we all were very aware of. And it was like on the news all the time. It's like Phoenix's kind of version of that. Yeah. And everyone there knows the story perfectly probably, but somehow I'm sure it's less in our minds. Okay. Wow. Tell me everything. Okay. So the sources used today are journalist Michael Kiefer's, reporting for the Arizona Republic, Gary Grotto and Nick Martin's reporting for the East Valley Tribune. And an interview Mike Tyson gave during an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel life where Wow.


Mike Tyson tells the story himself, which is crazy. Holy shit. And the rest of the sources are in our show notes. So we're gonna go back. One year before the SWAT team invasion of Mike Tyson's boxing Gym to May 17th, 2005, a man named Tony Mendez, he's a construction worker in his late thirties, is on his bicycle, delivering candles to a family who just lost their power at their house. Tony's been struggling with his sobriety, but he's starting to turn things around trying really hard to turn things around. A big source of inspiration to do this work are his four children who he wants to strengthen his relationships with tragically on his way to help the family.


Tony is shot to death by an unknown gunman with what investigators ultimately determine. Is a 22 caliber rifle fired from a moving vehicle? Oh My God. A week later on May 24th, 2005, another man named Reginald Remi Yard is randomly and fatally shot with a 22 caliber weapon while in a public space in Phoenix. Reginald was a Vietnam War veteran in his mid fifties who had struggled for years with schizophrenia. He was sleeping at a bus stop when he was shot, and he died of his injuries just a few days later. And then almost exactly one month later on June 29th, a 20-year-old man named David Estrada is randomly shot to death. 20.


Yeah. Baby David is remembered as a star high school athlete and a beloved member of his family. He's camping under an overpass in Tolleson, Arizona about 12 miles from Phoenix. On the night he's murdered, his body is found with gunshot injuries to his chest, consistent with a 22 caliber weapon. So then a few months pass from this murder. And then on November 11th, 2005, a man in his mid forties named Nathaniel Schaffner is killed basically, according to this exact same mo. We don't know much about Nathaniel personally, aside from the fact that he was unhoused at the time that he was murdered. He had had a few run-ins with the police over the years.


Nathaniel's body is found in an alleyway in downtown Phoenix, but unlike the three previous victims, investigators determined that Nathaniel was killed with a small gauge shotgun. Well now you can immediately see why we didn't hear as much about this as we did the DC Sniper. It's because it was unhoused less fortunate people. That's right. And so it gets less coverage. Right. It's people on the street, right. Who it's much easier to rationalize or write off as if they want to live on the street. Right. Or be on the street, or if They deserve bad things because they can't help but live on the, you know. Yes. Yeah. All the moralizing that goes along with it. Yeah, good point. So after Nathaniel's murder weeks pass, the holidays come and go.


And then at the very end of December on the 29th, around 7:30 PM shots are fired at a car parked outside of the A BC Bartending School in Tempe. About 10 miles away from Phoenix. No one's injured in this shooting. It seems like just this one car has been targeted, which is very weird. Yeah. But of course, everyone at the bartending school is completely rattled. And the shooter believed to be firing from a car immediately disappears before anyone can get a good look. So later that same night, several people in a few animals are shot at random. Throughout the Phoenix Metro area. Two victims are unhoused and believed to be undocumented immigrants.


Again. Another reason we didn't hear about it, so we don't know very much about their lives, but we do know their names. They are 44-year-old Jose Ortiz and 28-year-old Margot Carillo. They're both killed in separate locations, not far from each other. And these shootings take place within minutes of each other. And this leads investigators to believe the gunman was firing from a moving car. Once again, the gun used in both attacks appears to be a 22 caliber rifle. So just one block away from where Marco Carillo is killed, another man is shot as he's getting off a bus. His name is Timmy Todi, and he's in his thirties.


Timmy survives this shooting, and he manages to get help. But by the time police are looped in, the shooters already gone and the hunt continues. So around 1:00 AM the same night, a 24-year-old Phoenix woman named Clarissa Rowley is walking down the street alone. She sees a four-door silver car, pass her, then pull an abrupt U-turn and come back in her direction. As the car gets closer, Clarissa watches as someone puts the barrel of a shotgun out the window and fires at her. Holy Shit. She instinctively shields her face with her hands and her hands take the brunt of the blast. Oh my God.


And thank God a passerby sees Clarissa like almost immediately after the attack and rushes her to the hospital. So she survives. Wow. So it doesn't take police long to connect these December 29th shootings. So all of that happened in one night. Jesus. And so they definitely connected them immediately. Yeah. Because they're so close to each other. The weapon was the same every time and every time it appeared to be shooting from a moving car. Right. Wow. But Clarissa's surviving and being able to give a description of the Gunman's vehicle now gives investigators a real lead. So when they check surveillance footage near where Jose, Marco, and Timmy had all been murdered, they see the same silver Toyota Camry in that footage that matches her description.


Wow. It's a huge lead in this horrifying case. But then the shooting stop, there are no reports of any shootings that fit this mo in Phoenix for the next five months. But then on May 2nd, 2006, so the following year, around 10:00 PM a 17-year-old named Kabil Embudo is walking home after picking up a few groceries for his mom at a Phoenix convenience store. When he shot with a small gauge shotgun, Kali's father was shot and killed back in their Native War torn Sierra Leone. Oh. But miraculously, Kabil survives this attack, and he manages to get help from staffers at a nearby hotel. Wow.


So scary. Yeah. That's just like, you can't even fucking walk down the street. Like, come on. Yeah. It's So frustrating. And then 15 minutes after Kali's attack, a 20-year-old woman named Claudia Gutierrez Cruz is walking home in nearby Scottsdale, Arizona. Claudia just moved to the area few months before from her Native Mexico, and she's just clocked out of work from a nearby restaurant. So, you know, it's that kind of thing. She just did a long shift. Yeah. And she's walking home and she is shot with a shotgun from a moving car. A good Samaritan stops and rushes her to the hospital. But she does die not long after she gets there. Hmm. Between May 30th and July 22nd, 2006, 15, more people are attacked at random in the greater Phoenix area.


Holy shit. Most of them are shot with small gauge shotgun from a moving car. Fortunately, all of them survive their Injuries. Wow. Yeah. How terrifying to like know that if you walk home, you might get shot and maybe you don't have any other option to walk home, you know? Yes. 'cause your shift is late And you don't have a car. Right. That's terrifying. Or Like, I think it was Timmy who was getting off the bus. Yeah. Somebody was just basically got a ride home. Yeah. And was probably like a block away. Totally. It's horrifying. Yeah. You wanna be like, I wouldn't leave the house. But a lot of people don't have that option, so. Right, Right. Exactly. That's awful. Yeah. And especially unhoused people who are like, I'm just trying to survive out here.


Yeah. So the victims of these additional attacks include cyclists riding their bikes, a man listening to music in his parked car, people standing outside their houses and apartments. A woman who decided to walk home after getting into an argument with her husband, that one is, thank God she lived because Oh my God. Yeah. The tragedy, the guilt of the guilt and horror. A man who's walking down the street to buy cigarettes, and then just random pedestrians just walking down the sidewalk. Fuck. So now it's July 30th, it's around 1115 at night, and a 22-year-old woman named Robin Blane has just left her parents' house in Mesa, Arizona.


That's also in the Phoenix metro area. And she's walking over to her boyfriend's H This kills me because this is the kind of thing where it's just like, here's just a description of a regular person. Like you're leaving your place. Totally. You're gonna go over to your boyfriend's place Everyday life. Right. She's wearing pajamas and fuzzy slippers and talking to her friend on the phone as she walks down the street. Oh my. Like, that's how normal and casual this is. Oh my God. Yeah. So after a neighbor hears a gunshot and goes and looks outside, they find Robin lying on the side of the road and she does end up dying from her injuries. Oh, honey. Investigators believe that those injuries were caused by small gauge shotgun. Robin's brief parents are now forced to endure the grief of her death having lost another daughter 10 years earlier in a car accident.


Oh, they, it's horribly tragic for the Blass and for all the victims' families and their friends. But it just keeps happening. By this point, it's been more than a year of random shootings. And the residents of Phoenix, of course, as we're saying, are completely on edge. People don't wanna leave their houses for fear of being targeted. And by now, the Gunman's being referred to as Phoenix's serial shooter. So a police task force has already been set up. They're putting all their energy into identifying the suspect. And investigators and forensics experts have collected and analyzed ballistics evidence, surveillance footage, eyewitness testimony, and any other evidence they can find from the crime scenes.


So far, they've connected 35 shootings that include multiple fatalities, Jesus, to this so-called serial shooter. Wow. Unfortunately, it's an extremely busy time for investigators in Phoenix, because there's also an active serial rapist and murderer. What? Operating in the area. It's the baseline killer. Holy shit. So not only are the citizens of Phoenix totally overwhelmed by all of this violence and murder all around them, but of course, law enforcement would be too. Yeah. Because they're, they're not a gigantic city having to have multiple task force for multiple serial killers at one time. Yes. For violent criminals, that does seem a little overwhelming.


It's a bit much. Yeah. So in July of 2006, a man named Ron Horton leaves a message on a secret witness tip line. And he says that his friend, a guy named Sam Deman, has been bragging about shooting at random people and animals in public. What dude? Ron says that Sam referred to it as quote RVing, which he said, stood for recreational violence. Oh my God. Sam is 31 years old. And you might remember the secret witness tip line from my story about Shirley Landreth on the Tipster Killer. Yeah. It's the same one. Whoa. That they have set up there. Yeah. So again, it's a tip line that really works. But he's not secret.


So maybe, Well, no, he's not secret as well. Secret, because then, because he then went to court. Okay. Yeah. So he's now on record. Good. Don't Keep Secrets. Yeah. So this tip comes in around the same, same time Robin Blane is murdered. So officers reach out to Ron Horton to get more information from him. So Ron agrees to set up a meeting with Sam Deman at a local bar so that the police can actually lay some eyes on him and and take a look at him. And it's good that they did, because Sam gets a ride to that bar in a silver Toyota Camry. Fuck. Police identify the driver as Sam's 33-year-old friend and former roommate Dale Hausner. Damn. You know, they were losing their minds when that happened.


Oh God. That kind of stuff were like, especially for stakeouts and stuff. Yeah. Where you're sitting there for like 14 hours and then finally it starts happening. Like, yeah. The exact thing you need and want. Oh my God, what a relief. Wake Up, wake up. Don't spill your seven 11 coffee. Neither Dale nor Sam has ever been on the investigator's radars. Sam's a divorced father. He's an electrician by trade. He has addiction issues. He spent stretches living on friends and family's couches. Dale, meanwhile is described as a dotting father of a young daughter. And Dale had his own horrible tragedy in his life years earlier. He lost his wife and his two sons in a terrible car accident where he was the only survivor.


What? No. Why? The what? Why do, oh my God. That's just like confounding because why put other families through the thing that you know exactly how it feels. That's just so depraved. Or Is that part of it? Right. Feel what I feel. Why do I have to be alone in this pain? Everybody else needs to feel what I feel. Sure. Yeah. Dale works as a janitor at the Phoenix Airport. He dabbles in sports journalism and promotions, and he's a boxing super fan. Ah. He actually even has a local public access show about boxing. And it is Dale who lands the interview with my Tyson. Wow. Just weeks before he drops Sam off at that bar in his silver Camry. Wow. So That already happened.


Right? Holy Shit. So on the surface, these men don't send up any glaring red flags to the investigators. But behind closed doors, Sam and Dale like to get, this is what they do for fun. They get incredibly drunk, and then they get high on meth, and then they gamble, shoplift, vandalize anything from cars to businesses and commit acts of arson. Turns out they're responsible for two unsolved arson cases at different Arizona. Walmarts on the same day, where six people were sent to the hospital for smoke inhalation, Jesus and Walmart racked up $5 million in damages, which is how much in today's money. It's only 2006. Eight mil.


Eight. That's exactly right. Shut. Look up. Holy Swear to God. Shit. You've done it. It's finally happened. And that is Crazy. That's never happened before. It's never happened. Has it? Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. Is there a thing? There Is. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, look. There it is. That was it. So during these fires, the water damage is mostly from the emergency sprinklers. And also it's Walmart. $8 million is literally like when you drop $5 on the street And you kind of bum out for two seconds. Totally. So these two men are basically just a horrible rampaging drug fueled duo who do not give a shit about anybody else. Oh, I wanna say like fucking meth. But I didn't do that shit on meth.


I like painted watercolors for hours with my friends. Like, it's not meth. Yes, exactly. There's different ways to go about things, but yes. What you do on drugs is your responsibility. That's right. And you cannot just be like, oh, point to the thing that a bunch of other people are on, but are not doing what? Right. That is right. Don't Be crazy. No. Also, again, if there's any theme of this podcast, it's Please don't do math. Truly, we beg you truly. So back at the stakeout bar, the police decide they're gonna discreetly follow Dale outta the parking lot, and they tail his Camry to a local mall. And when Dale heads inside, they slap a GPS device on his car.


Yes. Love It. Right. So when Dale eventually heads back to the bar to pick Sam up, the police are now able to track their movements. Amazing. Great work. Great work for a police force that basically is like a, there's also normal crime. There's the baseline killer, there's these assholes. Right. There's just the standard shit. Yeah. There's other people on meth all over the place. Yeah. There's meth. Meth. There's meth around all over town. I'm not, it's terrible. We're not laughing. I figured. No, we are not. We're laughing at other things. Yeah. The, I'm just thinking about the sister who's listening to this for the first time and just like horrified that we're cracking up about Matthews. But you're like, they thought drugs were funny.


It's like they kind of are. In other situations, They can be very funny. Okay. So that night, the Camry leaves the apartment complex and they start to just drive aimlessly around town throughout random Phoenix neighborhoods. They slowed down as they approach pedestrians or cyclists, and sometimes they loop back around to pass the same person again. But They didn't stop them. Hold on. Because they Could have shot them. Hold on. Okay. As the Camry circles the block, the undercover officers then slow their car down. Oh, okay. And then yell out the window to these oblivious pedestrians. Take cover, get the fuck outta here. Basically like Go, go, go. Holy shit.


Okay. That's Good. So they did okay without blowing their own cover. They basically were telling those people, okay, there's somebody that's gonna shoot you. Thank you for telling me. But I bet you it was literally like the window rolled down. Like, get outta here. That's the shooter. And people ran because this had been going on for so long. Sure. And those were the people that were exposed. Right. Or like, if you see someone slow down near you at a, in a car and you're a pedestrian, you probably just run anyways because Yeah. You know what's going on. Yeah. Because of what's been going on. Sure. Luckily, no one is attacked during this drive. This night, police follow the men back to Dale's apartment, and they hear a bit of the two men's conversation alluding to their disappointment quote, because of the rain. It's unclear what they're talking about, but the police assume that they're mad that they couldn't find a good target because of the weather.


Yeah. So shortly after this, investigators secure a warrant to bug Sam's phone and Dale's apartment. And not long after that, on August 3rd, 2006, and investigators are able to record the two men talking and joking about some of the shootings. And minutes after that, a SWAT team bursts into their homes and arrests both men. Oh man. That had to feel so Good. I mean, this is A movie like this has to be made into a movie. It's like, yeah. Perfect. Yeah. Okay. And it can't be made into one of those movies where suddenly they're the anti-heroes. No, no. Oh no. Just putting that out there. So Sam and Dale are interrogated by police separately. Dale shuts down and says nothing.


But Sam spills, you're only as strong as your weakest link. So according to Michael Kiefer's reporting, quote, he and Dale, he told police were engaged in what they called random recreational violence. There were muggings stabbings, palm trees, ignited stores set on fire tires slashed. And the shootings, essentially, they were playing video games in real time while smoking meth. Jesus Christ. End quote. So Sam gives context to several of the shootings. For example, he claims they murdered Nathaniel Schaffner, for example, because he'd thrown a can at them as they were about to shoot a stray dog. So Nathaniel saves The strays life and is killed in turn.


Oh, they, I can't handle that one yet. I'm not processing that right now. It's, yeah. Sam also implicates Dale's brother, Jeff, in at least one unsolved random stabbing that they committed. He also admits that after one drive-by shooting, they'd circled back to look at the victim's body and got caught at the scene when police showed up. So they end up giving false witness statements to the officers and are never suspected of being involved. Oh, someone got reprimanded for that for sure. Right? Like that's kinda, oh God. I mean, but also as those cops I retire. Like you wouldn't be able to live that down. No. It would be horrible. Yeah. Luckily, the victim in that shooting is a man named James Hodges, who was also a Vietnam veteran.


And he, although critically injured, does survive. Okay. Sam also tells police, Dale had committed several shootings before the two had become friends, which police do believe is true. And Dale is soon considered to be the ringleader in these serial shootings. More damning evidence is found at his apartment. There are several firearms, including a small gauge shotgun and records showing that Dale used to own multiple 22 caliber rifles. They presume he'd either recently destroyed them or gotten rid of them somehow. They also find 22 caliber shell casings in his Camry, as well as scrapbooks containing cutout newspaper articles about the serial shooter Scrapbooking like that.


Ugh. Chills. I mean, it's just like a movie where it's like, it really is the profiling that they talk about where it's like they're in it for the glory and fame. Totally. Totally. They're in it for that part. It seems like hacky, but it is real. Yeah. And like I could make a joke about how like tedious scrapbooking is and like, I can't even do it with my own happy life, and these fucking monsters are doing it. Like, I wanted to make a joke about Joanne Fabrics and like where those guys standing around in the aisles, like no one noticed these two guys on meth scrapbooking. Right. Getting like measured of bow ribbon cuttings. I don't know what you do there, but we're not gonna do that. We're not, we don't really do that anymore.


As investigators pour through Dale's things, including his computer and his website, they also find that photo of him with Mike Tyson, which eventually leads the police to Mike Tyson's gym. Hmm. Did those guys just wanna meet Mike Tyson, because he has nothing to fucking do with it. Clearly he's in one photo. I mean, why did they have to go in with the SWAT team, Right? I'm not, yeah, I, I don't love that. Think they just wanted to meet Mike Tyson for sure. And kind of maybe scare Mike Tyson. I don't know. Or get their own photos with him. I don't know. It's questionable. So the state of Arizona ends up filing 88 charges against Dale Hausner, which span murder and arson. Sam Deman meanwhile continues cooperating with the authorities.


He pleads guilty to murder and conspiracy to commit murder, and in doing so, ends up avoiding trial himself and the potential death penalty. So Sam agrees to testify against Dale at his trial, which begins in late 2008. And survivors, Timmy Todi and Clarissa Rowley both give their testimony Wow. In this trial, as does a man named John Kane who crossed paths with Dale at Tempe, a BC bartending school, where Dale had taken courses a while back and where that parked car was shot at back in late December of 2005. So there was a weird connection there. Yeah. And John Kane made that connection for everybody.


He testifies that he'd been accused of sexual harassment by a woman affiliated with the school. And Dale had offered to help him out with that situation. Jesus. John asked Dale what he meant by that, and Dale told him, don't worry about it. You'll know when it happens. So then a few nights later on December 29th, this woman's cart is shot at in the parking lot. John testifies. He confronted Dale the next day and asked him, what the fuck are you doing? And Dale simply replied, taking care of business. Oh my God. So it was her car. Holy Shit. Problem is John didn't report Dale to the police. Yeah. So testimony like this, as well as the overwhelming amount of evidence presented to the jury undeniably points to Dale's guilt.


So in March of 2009, Dale Hausner is convicted on 80, yikes. 80 of the counts against him, including six counts of first degree murder. Wow. He's handed six death sentences. And in June of 2013, while on death row, he takes his own life, he was 40 years old. Wow. How the fuck have I not ever, ever heard of this? I haven't. I know None of it. Sam Deman meanwhile is sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole. And he remains there to this day. Mm. So with the convictions of Dale Hausner and Sam Deman and the capture of the baseline killer Mark Gaea the same year that all happened in one year. Jesus. A brutal chapter in Phoenix history finally ends for the victims and their families.


There finally is at least a little resolution, but the trauma lingers. And this includes Kabili Bu, who was just 17 years old when he was shot walking home from the convenience store. He has scars from the attack on his arm and on his back. And several of his fingers are permanently paralyzed. And Cabbil remembers the moment he found out his attackers had been caught. They had like a breaking news cut into normal tv, and basically they announced that the serial shooters have been arrested. Ugh. What a Relief. Right. And Kabil says his first reaction was, man, get those bastards. And then later he tells reporters quote, after I was shot, I was scared of the world.


I'd walked down the street thinking, am I gonna get shot right now? Yeah. Now I can take a breath of fresh air. And that's the story of Phoenix's, serial shooters who terrorized the city over 14 brutal months in 2005 and 2006. Ugh. David Fincher get on that. Like For real. Can you imagine? And and the same time he's also like, it's that slash the serial killer that's going on at the same time. And there's overlap and, And like what portal to Hell opened up in the desert outside Phoenix and crawled into the city and fucking seriously spring of 2005. It's like, wow. Yeah. Holy Shit. There was Lead in the air. God. Oh my God.


Great job. That was, I don't know, like the whole unhoused. It's hard for people to empathize with that. And I understand. So the thing I always think about that I think is important, but my dad lived in his car for periods of my life when he had to. And you just have to remember, like, think of Marty if you need to understand like where someone is in their life that they're doing that, And that it's not, they're not a bum. They're a human being trying to live their life the only way they can. And you know, you just have to remember that. Right. And like humanize that, Humanize it. And also remember that those people would not be there if there were services.


Exactly. In this country that Ronald Reagan took away in the eighties. Such needed services. Yeah. And every time I see people walking down the street talking to themselves and looking ragged and skinny. Yeah. I just think to myself, it was my mom's whole career to make sure that that guy got his meds three times a day. Right. Right. Because it was so important. That's How, how needed it was. Yeah. It's so, so needed. And, And that kind of maintenance where it's like, it's a very difficult thing when you have mental illness to take care of yourself correctly. Totally. You need support, you need it all the time. And that support costs money. That social wellbeing is That's A great point. It's What taxes are for. Yeah. A couple billionaires could kick down instead of buying their 30th yacht.


Right. Kick down some fucking tax money. These problems. We wouldn't have to be moralizing. No. You wouldn't have to listen to your Republican dad rant about unhoused people, because we should be better people And we should be taking care of our own. We should see them as our own. Totally. And take care of them as literally. Yeah. You know, and my dad is, you know, as mentally healthy as I am, which is not saying a lot, but he also was a college graduate and he still had to resort to living in his car at times, because Life can be not what you expect. Right. And really hard. Right. Who doesn't know that these days? I mean, Jesus, I think about all the time, like my old apartment, if things were the way they were, I would not have been able to afford it.


I would've been couch surfing, which is like, Oh, absolutely. Yeah. I would be living with my dad eight years ago. I think we have talked about that a lot. Yeah. But it's like, it's easy to go underwater in this country. Yeah. God forbid you fall down and break your leg To, oh my God, you're one bill away from fucking destitution. For sure. Horrible. Yeah. Horrible. So let's just all remember that.


Hey Karen, I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twists and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, This is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, oh my God. Once detected it sounds alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh My God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Not everyone who handles your personal information is gonna be as careful as you are. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a nude victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can help protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code murder or go to lifelock.com/murder for 40% off terms apply.


You know, Georgia, they always tell you to touch grass, to spend time in nature. But what if I told you that nature can be boxed up and delivered right to your door? Well, Now you can. Thanks to Fast Growing Trees. Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers new to plants or gardening? No problem. The website has everything you need. Plus each plant comes with clear care instructions. Plus, Get support from their trained plant experts who are on call to help you plan your landscape. Choose the right plants, and learn how to care for them. God, I need to learn how to care for plants. I would love to get this service and just have somebody like teaching me as I have like a beautiful tree or plant in my house. Like, actually do this today. This is how you don't kill it. When Do I water it? Yes. What season do I trim it? I don't know. And I don't wanna ask my mom. 'cause then I get a lecture This spring. They have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code MFM at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at Fast Growing Trees dot com. Using the code MFM at checkout Fast Growing Trees dot com. Code MFM now is the perfect time to plant Use MFM to save today. Offers valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay, are we back? 'cause I have a very important corrections corner. Oh, okay. Before this episode's even over, I went out to Pee and Vince corrected me. I didn't know he was listening, but Okay. He's a fan. I know he is. He's the best. He, okay, here's, I'm gonna phrase it like this. Add rocks down with the ioni. We said Mike d Mike Diamond, Mike D 'cause that's just my favorite name of all of rap. I, I sounded not right. And I think I hesitated, but at, it's like in one of the songs. I know. It was a rock. I did. I threw it Out there. You did? I think I said Adam Uch, which is, that's what you said. Which is very nerdy of me. Yes. And I didn't, but it's Adam Horowitz Uch is the other guy. Oh, is it two Adam's?


Vince? What's Y's first name? Name? Mike. Mike. D what? Adam Horowitz. Michael. Yeah. Adam Horowitz. Forget it. Wait, it's what? Vince, what is it? What's that? Say their names again. Adam out. Is MCA Adam? Yeah. Is MCA Horowitz? Adam Ad Rock is Ad Ho is Ad Rock is Adam Horowitz. Say the last one again. Mike. Michael Diamond. Mike D and Michael Diamond is Mike D. Oh God. You can delete your Instagram comment. Yeah. Telling us how dumb we are about Beastie Boys. We love Beastie Boy.


Vince is standing by. I've never said I love the Beastie Boys. Oh, you know I do. Well, I appreciate them and I got it. Yeah. Intergalactic is one of my favorite experiences to have. Oof. Okay. But that first album, That means, yeah, that means you don't like them. If that's your favorite out of Beast, the Beastie Boy catalog, that means you. But remember the Beastie Boys broke when I was like a sophomore in high school. Yeah. So it never wasn't fucking playing. And it was like, like you're on the baseball bus. The softball team and the baseball team had to take the bus together. And then you're just like, we have to listen to this for four hours. I get it. Like really torturous and not for me. I was more of like, can we listen to Suzanne Vega?


Right. Right. Okay. That's fair. Yeah. All right. Well, I'm devastated. We're not in studio right now because I have a vintage sweater I was gonna wear that goes with my story perfectly. It's got a ship on, put it on. It's, it's too hot. It's got a ship, it's got seagulls and an ocean view. And here's my story. So today we're on a desolate Scottish island, Karen, we're doing a fucking 360, by the way. 180. Yeah. The island is deserted, aside from a lonely lighthouse and three lighthouse keepers until they vanished without a trace. You know this one, you're nodding. Oh yeah. You gotta know this One. I think I've, I think I've seen the movie.


I Feel like your grandma must have told you this story too. There's no wreckage, there's no struggle. There's no signs of anything where or how these three experienced lighthouse keepers could have disappeared from a rocky outpost in the North Atlantic. This is a favorite topic for paranormal investigators and conspiracy theorists. This is the Lannan Isles Lighthouse Mystery. A tail shrouded in fog, fear and unanswered questions. Thank you Allie, for that line. It's perfect. Alright. Well, the main source for this story is a 1999 article from a journal called 14 a Studies called the Vanishing Lighthouse Man of Ian Moore by Mike Dash, the fourth Beastie Boy.


And the rest can be found in our show notes. And this journal, Allie tells me is about anomalous events. She says it's approached in a practical way with a lot of research. So that sounds really interesting. And also this fourth Beastie Boy, Mike Dash was also one of Marin's Big sources on the SpringHill Jack story. So right up your alley. Yeah. So it's December of 1900 and we're off the northern coast of Scotland where I'm gonna be this summer on a chain of tiny islands called the Lannan iss. There's a much bigger chain of islands called the Hebrides off the Scottish coast, and they're known for their obvious stunning beauty. They're popular with outdoorsy travelers, not at, but the Lannan iss are the farthest west.


They're still considered part of the outer Hubbards, but practically speaking, they're more like big rocks in the middle of the ocean. So island is in quotes, You know what I mean? Like you wouldn't go summer there. Yeah, You wouldn't unless you wanna go repelling. Sure. So the island more is the biggest island off the flan and isles and it's only of a quarter of a mile across. That's what Allie put. And then I was like, what does that mean to me and Karen? A quarter mile across, you know what I mean? 'cause I can't guess. So I looked it up. It's 1,320 feet or three football fields. Oh, Okay. Or a five to 10 minute walk. Alright. So the sides of the islands are sheer cliffs dropping off into the ocean, the tallest of which are on the westernmost point.


And these are 150 feet tall. So very like picture the princess bride cliffs, The cliffs of insanity, the cliffs Of insanity. The island has kind of always given people bad vibes for many generations. It's one of those like, you know, storytelling islands. People have always described a strong sense of foreboding about the whole place. It's home to a tiny stone and medieval church with crumbling mossy roofs. Spent a night there. I dare you. And there's some lore about the church that the pilgrims would first crawl into the church out of superstition before entering it. So it's got like creepy vibes.


I mean, a lot of churches have creepy vibes anyway. Also, it's like, it's so funny 'cause I was thinking about, that's basically driving around Ireland. That's all you see are like the walls of churches from the 13 hundreds that no longer have roofs. And it is, it's creepy. But then it's like, but if you're in the right mindset, maybe like have a couple Guinness aboard, you're like, ah, the history. Right. But then if you're like on an island and there's like crazy rocks and crags, you're like, this is horrifying. Right. Like no one wanted to be there. You know what I mean? Like they had to make a pilgrimage there probably. Yeah. Right. It's not like they could go to the gift shop afterwards or anything fun. Yeah, exactly. So the island chain, which is sometimes called the Seven Hunters, it's been steeped in legends about a phantom and of course about fairies who lived there.


There's also stories about a strange and mysterious group of people who once inhabited the island with like, then they say they had different body types and customs than those on the mainland. So just kind of lore, you know, Body types. I know it's Like where theyre like hippie, I don't know. Yeah. They would really broad shoulders and everybody talked about it. Exactly. Their knees were weird. Just weird. They bent backwards. Right. But this is going back hundreds of years, of course. But at the turn of the century. So the 1900 turn of the century, there's nobody living there. And aside from the tiny crumbling church, there's nothing on the island that is until 1899 when a brand new lighthouse is built.


Hmm. And in comes three lighthouse keepers. It seems like a lot, right? Like I feel like you become a lighthouse keeper to be alone. Maybe. I mean, I feel like that's how we've always been introduced to lighthouses is like there's just one guy up there. Yeah. And that's kind of the whole story. But I bet it's, it's a tough job. It Seems really tough. But I guess it makes sense that if like, it's not like you are the lighthouse keeper and then you go to your house, you're like staying in the lighthouse. There has to be two people at all times. Yeah. At least I, that makes sense. I answered my own question. You just had to sound it out a little bit. You just had to, you just had to just sit with it for A second. I'm gonna show my work. Okay. So here we are on the night of December 15th, 1900 two ships are sailing along the coast.


One is called the fair wind, the other is called the arc door. And this is an area known for big storms and massive waves. These, the Scottish weather, especially since the islands are essentially the peaks of an underwater mountain in the middle of the Atlantic, so it's not smooth sailing. And the captain of the arc door says the weather has been a bit stormy lately, but the weather tonight is not particularly noteworthy. As they approach the island Moore Island, they are expecting to see the bright beam from the lighthouse. It has 140,000 candle power, which is a unit for measuring brightness. Did you know that? And it should be Visible from 24 nautical miles away, which is about 27 land miles away, which is fucking far.


It should be shining bright at them. Instead, they're greeted only with more darkness. Oof. The sailors know something is wrong. Even more curiously, and this is more according to legend, some sailors apparently report seeing a rowboat near the island. Although how they see it is unclear. And they say that they see men in it, which we can take that part for a grain of salt. It seems that the fair wind does not actually report anything. So all we know for sure is a report made from the ARC's captain. So in the stormy darkness, the rcer actually hits a rock. Winds up taking on water, which is the whole fucking point of a lighthouse Being there is that wouldn't happen. Yeah. So the captain has to beach the ship, and it's a whole thing to get it fixed.


It takes forever. And so it isn't until 10 days after that that the captain's finally able to make the official report about what he saw. That the lighthouse on e Moore was not lit. And this puts us at Christmas day. So then it isn't until Boxing Day, which is, we all know the day after Christmas over there, Is it? Yeah. Oh, okay. I don know. Yeah. Always good to learn about the Brits. Yeah, I don know. Wanted to take another day off. So it isn't until Boxing Day in the year 1900 when the Northern Lighthouse Board, it's like the board of the lighthouse finally send a boat to the island to see what's going on. This boat is called the Hesperus. And on it is a lighthouse keeper familiar with the island named Joseph Moore.


So there are a total of four lighthouse keepers assigned to this lighthouse. So those three that are there, and another one they each take two week shifts away from the island. So the other three who are supposed to be on the island are named James Duckett, who's 43, Thomas Marshall, who's 28, and Donald MacArthur, who's 40 Real quick. Yeah. Would you ever take a job Ooh, on a lighthouse island if it was just you, A B, if it was you and two other people? If I had to choose one of those two options, You can either choose or you can talk about A and then talk about B. Okay. I guess it depends on the other two people.


What if they're fucking annoying? True. Right. Two old sailors. How about that? That's who it is. Would you do that? Hell yeah. And Or would you do it by yourself As a female, 40-year-old female? No, as another old time East Scottish lighthouse fisherman. Yeah. Yes. They won't hurt you. Okay. Okay. Okay. They're decent human beings. True gentlemen. Fun. They play cards. They love Uno and drinking. Oh My God. Stop it. Giant Jenga. I'm there, Right? Yes. Okay. I'm just saying, to me, it does sound like a little vacationy where it's like you're just saying, I get to post up for two weeks and I kind of don't have to do anything at all. Yeah. Yes. And there's whiskey. Yeah. Like good whiskey And you're helping ships.


Oh, That's okay. Yes. That's my answer. I'm assuming yours is too. So Joseph, the guy who's coming over knows these three men very well, obviously, since he spent a lot of time, weeks long shifts with them on the island doing exactly what we just said. Thing giant Jenga, Nuno. And James is in charge, and he's a veteran lighthouse keeper. He has a wife and four children. But Thomas is unmarried. One of the guys, Donald is also married, but it's unclear if he has kids. And he said to really dislike his job posting there at the lighthouse. Oh. He's considered an occasional keeper. Only filling in when the schedule demands. So it seems like it's the other two guys who like actually wanna be there.


I Wonder if it was like really good pay. 'cause it's a pain. Yeah. Oh yeah. And hard work. Oh yeah, that's a good point. Like fishing in Alaska kind of a thing. Yeah. Pays well. But you might die. Yeah. Or go crazy from just being, just sitting somewhere like Podcasting. Yeah. Pays well. But you might die Just from sitting somewhere. Just from sitting and talking. Dangerous. Typically, when a northern Lighthouse board boat approached the dock at Eileen Moore, the lighthouse keepers would come down the long staircase from a lighthouse to the dock at the bottom of the cliff. Like they could see a boat coming from far away. Then they knew that meant to go downstairs. The staircase has to make a hairpin turn because the cliff is so steep. And as the hesperus approaches, they can clearly see that no one is coming down the stairs to greet them.


Hmm. The boat fires a rocket, which ordinarily, of course, would elicit a reaction from the lighthouse keepers, but it is like eerily quiet. Not a sign of a person, Not cool. Joseph gets off the boat to see what the hell's going on. He leaves behind the captain and the small crew. He goes up there alone. No thank you. And he starts making his way up the stairs to the top of the cliff. And Joseph is gripped by a terrible sense of foreboding while he makes this long climb up the steep Hill. Me too. During cardio, every Time. Yeah. It gets, makes you lightheaded. It was like, this does not feel right. This is bad. This shouldn't be happening.


This is gonna turn out bad. I have a bad feeling about this. When Joseph gets to the top of the cliff, he enters the men's living quarters at the base of the lighthouse. The doors are closed inside. The beds are made, the kitchen is clean. This is almost like creepier than it had been totally overturned. There's one chair knocked over just one. That's the only fucking weird thing. You know what I mean? That's Creepy. Yeah. All The clocks are unwound, which suggests that no one's been in the residence for at least a week, because that's how often the clocks need to be wound. Huh. So there's some deduction. So then Joseph goes up to the lighthouse tower and sees that the light itself is full of fuel.


It's clean, it's functional. He also finds a canary in a cage, which was kept at the top of the tower for some reason. The canary is starving, but still alive. Oh. And then I wrote Peachy, Peachy. A bitter little bird. A bitter little bird. I wonder if that they're kept there for some kind of a, like if there's a gas escaping. Yeah. Like a canary in a coal mine. Yeah. Type of thing. I mean, I guess I don't, that's really weird. Or maybe they were just keeping a bird. Maybe it's Just company. Yeah. Although I think that thing was probably really Loud. You know, you're in a bad spot when you need bird company. Right, Right. When you need bird company or a bird to tell you if the air is safe to breathe.


Yeah. That's like, that's great. Extreme living. Yeah. Get a dog. Get a dog. At this point, Joseph is like, oh fuck. Runs down the stairs, summons more people from the boat to come help him search the island. Two men return to the island with Joseph while the captain takes the boat back to the mainland to send a telegram to the northern lighthouse board. The telegram opens with a dreadful accident has happened at Flans. So they're already like, there's nowhere they could have gone. Something's fucking wrong. Yeah. It's bad. Joseph and the two other men stay on the island to keep the lighthouse lit and to keep trying to figure out what's going on on the western side of the island where the steepest cliff face is. So there's a little tramway that was built to haul supplies from the ships.


This Tramway has iron railings, and the men find that the iron railings have been bent fully in half on a path that runs along the same cliff near the Tramway. There's usually a canvas life preserver attached to a bolt in the rock face, like really high up. Mm. And that's been ripped away. And a scrape of canvas is still connected to the bolt. Almost like a monster came and just fucking flung everything. There's also a very sturdy, bolted down box, which usually contains supplies that's gone. And there's a larger boulder on the island that's always been in one specific spot, seemingly immovable. And that's been dislodged and rolled away, fuck.


Wait, where is it? Is it further away or do we know? Or is it gone? Ah, I don't know. It says rolled away, meaning maybe it's still there. So probably still there. God. Yeah. Now, all of this points to obviously, as you said, an extreme storm. However, the weather on the day the lighthouse was first reported to be dark December 15th was maybe a little stormy, but not super remarkable. Hmm. Also, the people who put in those things, the tram and the supply box and the rock, Which wasn't Probably did. So having known what the strongest storm was going to be. Yes. You know, I mean, common. Yes. Right. They didn't just like put it in there and be like, I hope no storm is worse than a normal storm.


I hope nothing crazy. And big and windy happens out here in the middle of the ocean. Right. Exactly. Fingers crossed. Yeah. You'd think there'd be plans, but there was a massive storm a few days later. But that wouldn't explain the light being out days before. Right. Yeah. So giving further credence to this having happened before the big storm, Joseph can pinpoint when during the day on the 15th, something must have happened based on the chores around the lighthouse. Mm. They've clearly been done. They do things at a certain time probably, and make beds and have a, like they're organized, right? Yeah. I Hope so. They're not living in chaos. He knows when the men completed all of their morning work, And that would ever happen to them, must have happened in the afternoon because that morning work had been completed.


Which I love the deduction there. Yeah. Like they're not waking up one day and it's mayhem and they have to run all over and forget to wash the dishes because they have to run out and do a thing. Right. It's like normal day, as far as you can tell, they're Not like us. There's not like, You know, chip bags next to their beds until they decide to clean them up three days later. It's just like, If someone came into this office I'm in right now, they'd just be like, oh, things are not okay with her. Right. She's, she's hoarding, she's lightly hoarding like printer paper and she's got a lot of clothes that she wants to drop off at the Goodwill. But Jesus, she's simply not doing it. There's no way. She's a lighthouse keeper, essentially. She's not qualified.


She's not qualified. Know she's never done it. And she needs to stop asking. Okay. So then back in the lodging quarters, James and Thomas', waterproof coats are missing from their hooks, but Donald's coat is still there. So that kind of explains some, but not totally what's going on. Joseph turns his attention While you're describing this to me. Yeah. I'm gonna write down my theory. Okay. Sorry, I just do it. Something popped into my head. If you write the word wave down, I'll be very angry rogue. If you write Rogue Wave And then recommend the band Rogue wave. And then, yeah. Rogue wave. We should start a band called Rogue Wave. There is a band called Rogue Wave. I know, I know. They're the best. I know. So then Joseph's like, let's go to the log book.


There's a log book turns out, and there he finds some strange entries. So the log is generally supposed to be about weather conditions and practical matters. It's not your fucking love life. You're just supposed to be like, here's what happened. Fog rolled in, Fog rolled out the end, the end. Dear diary. But in the days leading up to the disappearance, there's one entry that simply says, James do cut, irritable. And another says MacArthur crying. So what the fuck? That is the, to me, the creepiest part of this like, and the most, like something else is going on story. Yeah. The last entry from December 15th says quote, storm ended.


See, calm God is over all end quote. Oh. So that like now we're talking about like why I am telling the story on the podcast, like that's fucking creepy. Because the idea of like a, the threat of a terrible storm is kind of argued in the logbook because There shouldn't be any logbook entries about people crying or someone being irritable or something going wrong. I it's supposed to say this storm, that storm maybe some fucking longitudinal, longitudinal numbers. You know, basic stuff that you and I wouldn't really understand or think is interesting. Yeah, I got you. It's technical. It is not personal. Yes. That whole thing.


That's why you were saying it's not dear diary in any way. Also, especially back then, I would think it's a pretty big goddamn deal to write down that a man is crying, A man's crying and irritable. And also those men would have access to the log books and would've seen that someone wrote that about them. Yeah. So it's just kind of weird. Yeah. Now I will say, and I'm, I have to say this in fairness, some people think these entries were forged. Hmm. And also they appear to have first come into public consciousness and Pulp Magazine articles after the fact. But they are always mentioned in every retelling of this story. Hmm. So it's up to you if you wanna believe them. I think it's true. We might as well believe everything at this moment. Let's, Let's do it.


And then we can change our mind later. Right. So the most popular working theory, let's get into some theories, is that some kind of bad weather or waves that started damaging the box of supplies that was ultimately washed away. Like they went after that supply box. So James and Thomas, whose coats were missing, ran out to start securing the box. And then something happened and then Donald ran out without his coat, which is why it was left behind to help them. And people believed that they were all swept away by a massive wave. Mm. When the superintendent of the Northern Lighthouse board visits the island to make his own inquiry, this is the conclusion he comes up with. Sure. Makes sense. After the disappearance, a photographer visits the island in bad weather and documents the massive waves that can reach up and over the top of the cliffs.


Which fuck can you imagine? Like, take me home. And Also when if the storm is that bad and the waves are that big, then you can assume there's some nice strong gusts of wind that are Sure are whipping all over that island as well. That's right. This is what's wrong with me, is I don't think about stuff like that. So I bring a dumb, cute jacket, and then I'm fucking freezing and soaking wet wherever I go. I've been with you when it's been 13 degrees in Washington DC and you're like, I've got this leather jacket and that's it. A bare and a dress and bare legs, and I'm just gonna do this thing. I definitely, I'm real cocky In California of you. I'm real cocky. So it is possible just strange that it happened on the 15th when no one seems to have noticed particularly bad weather.


Like they would have noted it and other sailors would have noted it. Yeah. If there were bad weather. And it's also highly unlikely that all three men went out at one time, because someone always had to stay back at the lighthouse. So this would mean that there had to have been multiple massive waves to wash all three men away. So, so we're not believing that one. Oh, okay, Great. No, we can, but we're not. Then we start getting into other theories about disagreements between the men that led to some sort of violence. Remember there was that one chair knocked over. People point out that MacArthur had hated working at the lighthouse and was actually known to have a history of fighting. But there's really no hard evidence that points to anything having happened between the men.


And then of course, we have to get into the paranormal, the fun stuff. What was that show when we were kids? Amazing stories. Oh, Remember that one? Oh, I don't think I ever saw that. My god. Amazing stories. I'm gonna look that up. So When we talk about the paranormal, they're the legends about the fairies and the phantom and the group of original islanders. Those all come up of course. And then the theory is that one of these forces was resentful for the new lighthouse. 'cause remember, it had just been built. Oh yeah. And so it took out the three lighthouse keepers for that reason. Hmm. And of course, you can't escape the theory of fucking aliens, Aliens, Aliens. No. And actually this is explored Scottish aliens.


Scottish. No way. No. Like Housekeepers are an alien. The aliens come down Okay. To attack. You just don't think they'd go to Scotland. I just don't. I think that that's where they're gonna get the most resistance, the most fist fighting. Hell yeah. Anywhere. Scotland. Ireland. You just don't mess with those island people. No. You absolutely should not. Don't do it. And actually that theme is explored in an episode of Dr. Who. Oh, really? That that spelling Disappear. Yeah. That's hilarious. Yeah. So the lighthouse continues to operate with lighthouse keepers without an incident until the 1970s when it becomes automated. Which is like, You know, tragic. Yeah. And it's inspired.


Lots of retellings in pop culture. The band Genesis. I thought you'd love this, recorded a song called The Mystery of Lannan Isle Lighthouse in the late sixties. Oh, your favorite band. Love That band. And in 2019, Gerard Butler starred in a very loose retelling of the mystery called The Vanishing. The Vanishing. Yeah. If Gerard Butler stars in it, I've definitely seen it. 'cause that was my friend Jacob and I. We would watch Gerard Butler movies as they came out on Amazon together. Like we would hit play at the same time and then text each other during the movie. That's cute. So I've literally not missed a Gerard Butler movie for like five years.


It's wild. What do you, what do you recommend? What's the best one? I mean, it depends on what you're looking for. There's one where is it Aliens Attack or it's like the end of the world kind of situation. And he has to go, Gerard Butler's always playing like a Rocklike character where he is like a very noble father who has to go get his family and maybe his his wife who's trying to leave him. But she, he convinces her to stay because he rescues them. Ooh. Like a Pedro Pascal kind of a thing. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Love it. Well, that wraps up the story. Oh. Of the Flynn and Isle Lighthouse Mystery. I didn't get a chance to give my theory. Oh Yeah. What was it? Gigantic gust of wind.


Yeah. So the guy that stays behind whose jacket is there. Yeah. Watches the two guys get blown off the cliff and into the ocean. Right. Like you're gonna be like, fuck protocol. You're gonna fucking go down there and be like, at least could I throw them that life preserver that's stuck to the side of the cliff or something. Right. Right. Like in a panic. But the wind would still be going. Right. And then he gets out there and just also gets blown off. I like that one. That was good. All Right. Thank you. Yours was great. Mine was a stretch. But let's just keep It. Listen, we want to sometimes talk about things that are more fun to talk about. Right. And maybe mysterious, but not, you know, a Total downer. Not the worst thing you've ever heard.


We just try to turn it every once in a while just to bring it up before we leave you hanging. Before you leave you for the rest of your week. Right. And you made it. And you did it. And we're proud of you. We're so proud of you. You are the lighthouse keeper of our souls, And You really are. We would never automate you. We would never. No, We can't. We Can't. And we won't. We need you a real human in that lighthouse. The lighthouse of podcasting. That's right. And so thank you for doing it. Thank you. And stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Heck and Molly Smith. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sci. Our Researchers are Marin McGlashan and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on Xactly Wright's YouTube page. While you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee, a video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now. Dot org.


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors. Maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how Life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.