
This is exactly right.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com. Or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes in a cup of coffee, a video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org.


You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we Don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed by clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver MD. When Your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye.


Hello. Hello And welcome To my favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard Stark. That's Karen Kilgar. Someone's got a new haircut. This Is the place where we trim our bangs an hour before we go on video. Oh, did you hand you personally hand trimmed your own Bangs? Yes, and I have a sink at home full of hair to prove it. Well, I like it. You went down the center. I did Like it. 'cause I've been growing it out. So like what am I gonna do? And then I'm like, well, I hate it. And so I just went. You did Curtain bangs? Yes. Yeah. Did it work? Yes it did. I used the razor scissors from when I was in beauty school. Oh. In 1999. Do you Remember your razor scissor lesson? What was the trick of razor scissors? Get get 'em. Like make sure you have a new razor in there and not one from 1998, Which is what you had a nice doll razor.


Yeah. You could hear the hair close. Your eyes. Your eyes. You can hear the hair cutting. You Can hear each hair individually being sliced. Do You know how much I can't have people use razors on my hair? It goes insane. Like The 'cause it Oh, your hair goes crazy. The hair Goes so crazy and it's not, you know, there's like, I follow a bunch of hairdressers on Yeah. TikTok. Yeah. Stylists. Is there an a word boost? And a lot of them use those razors and I'm like, I don't my hair would do that. Do the Weirdest shit. I know what you mean. 'cause you, it can't be thinner. It'll just, Vince very like carefully said, don't you have someone who does that For you? And then ran down the hall in his socks at top Speed.


I laughed so hard. It was just like such a careful thing. And it's like, yeah, but obviously you've never been a fucking teenage girl 'cause Right. 'cause it's not that hard and it doesn't, it looks good. Thank you. I don't know how much, what happens, how much better they would do it. Yeah. And also you're get, you're into, you're getting into a real curtain. It's Got like a Curtain bangs center part. Are you gonna go into a Farrah Faucet era this summer? I could. And then I have like the eighties shirt to go with it. Blouse. Yes. Yeah. Span those decades. My goal and beauty is to look like Janet from Freeze company at all times. I was Gonna say Janet from freeze company. And then I thought you would think it, it was insulting. Why? She's gorgeous.


She's gorgeous. I don't know. I maybe, I thought it was too old. So, so I was just like, file it. File it away. That's my fucking style. All that. And then a little bit of Mrs. Roper thrown in. You know what I mean? Just like a smooch, A chunky necklace. Right. A mumo. We were just talking about the ropers on Do you need a ride? Oh, How Funny. Not to cross promote. That's weird. But it's the truth Man. Yeah. We're like fucking psychically connected. It's true. Psychically connected. Psychically connected. Speaking Of, I have a birthday present for you. Let's see it. Do you want it? Fuck Yeah. Okay. To close your eyes. Oh, Okay. Okay. Close your eyes. Hold on. I'll tell you when.


Okay, wait. Okay, ready? Open your eyes. Oh, the Italian hand. It's an explain it. It's an Italian hand on the like swing thing. So it does the Italian hand gesture With the Italian flag. With the Italian flag. So it's A, it's a constant Italian hand gesture of Mama Mia. Yeah. Aza Pizza for one. What is that? I bet there's a name for this Italian. Absolutely. Sorry Liana. Do you wanna tell us what the name of this is? No, on this spot. Sorry. You claim to be Italian.


You can't expose me like this. Gotchu. That was just a big gotchu for Oh yeah, exactly. This is incredible. Hopefully we're clear on cameras. 'cause that is, I wish it was the kind of thing where you rocked it once and it does it for infinitely like Yeah, Like the clack things like the Ball. That's an incredible gift. Thank you so much. Yeah. Happy Birthday. Do you also wanna I have another one that's, that might be insulting. Like Janet from Three's company might be insulting. But I bought a self-help book and I accidentally got two of them. So I was gonna say that maybe we should read them together. Yeah. And we could have like a self-help book Club. I mean I think the people have been waiting for that for 10 years. Right. So let's do it. I saw this one and I was like, but Is it gonna be confrontational? No, It was like I, it was, I got it.


'cause I don't cry and I need to like, I wanna feel feelings and stuff and so it's not, it's called emotional agility. Ooh. Get unstuck. Embrace Change and Thrive and Work in Life by Susan David, PhD. We all need to do all of those things. Right? That's great. So there we go. Alright, so let's not read it. No, most read. So we're gonna do, we're gonna not read it and we're gonna shut our emotions down and we're not gonna change. I think we should read it. And I think we should do like a, that could be a fan cult video of like, that's a good idea. We read a self-help book and this is what Karen thinks you should take from away from it. Hi, this is what Georgia thinks you should take away. Well Let's highlight important things in it for us. And then we can like see if we got anything the same. And I'm just looked at it and realized that maybe I bought it 'cause there's a cookie with sprinkles on the cover of it.


But I still need emotional agility. So What if we picked cookies to, to eat with every book Club. Okay. That Was, I was kind of thinking started strong. I was thinking about other stuff while I was pitching that. Okay. I kind of got distracted by Myself. Well you'll pick the next one. So it can be whatever you want it to. I like this though. Okay. We should really do a self-help book club. Yeah, I think it's great. And Like, find one that you think will work for you and like, 'cause obviously we both have Different problems. Similar, Different Problems. But I like this. And if I get emotionally agile enough, I can land an Italian man. Could you imagine Manja? Is that it? Pizza For one?


Manja. It's, it's the thing where like in Inglorious bastards, the guys that he pretend he gets to pretend are Italian, but they don't speak. Right. So the one guy, he asks, somebody asked him a question in Italian and he just goes, Does she have a baby who does it too? No, there's a baby who does it on TikTok. It's fucking cute. Like a brand new that it's just a weird thing a Sandra Is doing. No, like toddler. So it is weird still, but it's like, who were you in your last life kind of a thing. So the Toddler means it. Yeah. And it's, he's not Italian. It's very Weird. What does it mean? I guess Italians from everywhere, including our Italian couple's friend that used to come and see us live. Remember the Italians? Oh yeah. Maybe they could write in and tell us what, what does the pinched finger hand gesture mean?


Ca kid. What? Kid Boy. Which means what it, he's like, What do you want? What do You day? What do you want? What are you doing? Oh, it's bad. Oh, It's like this piece of shit. Yeah. It's like, come on now, what do you want? Okay, But don't people do it like, like Delicious Or they kiss but they kiss it when it's Delicious. That's a different thing. Chef's kiss. Chef's kiss The fingers are not like a beautiful, it's like a Come on. Okay. You. Yeah. Okay. It's like a how dare you. Okay, well that's perfect for you. Well just put on your desk and just whenever someone comes into your office, you could just, If only that would work. Did You watch the Vince Vaughn love that show? Where he like, nevermind.


Say It. No, it's stupid. You don't wanna talk about Italy anymore? I don't wanna Did you watch that Vince Vaughn show where he became Italian? What do you got? Oh, personally, I don't think anything except for, to say that it is now pool season again. It's hot enough consistently in LA where the swimming has begun again. And I have been waiting and waiting for this and it, it was so weirdly mild to not warm for so long. Yeah. And we're in now. It's very exciting. I've started gardening 'cause it's like nice till like eight o'clock. Yes. You know, in the evening. Yeah. Warm at night. Yeah. Nice glass of wine and get my hands all dirty.


It's been fun. Good. Yeah. That's a nice one. All right, fine. Look. Oh, I have an Instagram comment to read that I really liked that I think you'll like too. Let's hear it. So last week you did the story of the shooting in Arizona and how a lot of unhoused people got shot. And we discussed that and you know, like, let's have some fucking empathy. Everyone. So someone, one of my favorite murder Instagram, whose name is Ferrell Forest Witch. Ferreal Forrest Witch said this. Thank you for what you said today about humanizing unhoused people. I was once an unhoused pregnant 19-year-old, living in my truck and working as a merchandiser at Macy's and a receptionist at a day spa.


I would sleep in my truck, do a quick Coors bath at a gas station and change into my work clothes every morning. Occasionally I could couch surf for the trade of cleaning in an apartment. No one at work knew I wasn't housed. A miscarriage scare brought me to the hospital and I called my mom. Thankfully the baby was okay. And I decided to keep him and moved back in with my parents. That baby is now 24 and an astrobiologist. Oh, He did At 24. Or ever an astrobiologist. You did something right? You did something like what a contribution to the world. It's like basically saying that baby is now a rocket scientist. Right?


Essentially. Right, Exactly. And and a loving partner to my wonderful son-in-law. But I'll never forget that we began life together in a Chevy S 10. Like that's how like Yeah. Your coworkers, you, you just don't know anyone's situation. And these days, these Days, Especially these days where everyone has two and three jobs. Totally. Because the minimum wage hasn't been raised in a hundred years. Right. And the billionaires are keeping all of the money. It's like, and the cost of Living is just Insane. And Not matching up with what people are being paid. No, it's fucking, it's a, it's abhorrent. We should be so humiliated and like horrified by ourselves in the US that we are treating. Rise Up, rise up, rise up, rise up, rise up, Rise up, up.


Let's, it's over. Fuck billionaires. I mean, and also just, it cannot sustain this way. No, it's, they're, they're pushing it to the tipping point. Absolutely. In the, in that idea that bill that just got passed. It's like cutting Medicaid, cutting. Like it's just stripping out any, anything that's left to give people. Yeah. And Who's getting it? I wonder. Yeah. Where's that money going to? I mean it's just, It's crazy. Should We do a donation? Sure. Yeah. Let's give a $10,000 donation. Let's do it. So no kid hungry who we love giving to go to No kid hungry.org. If you wanna help out as well. I mean, We just do the basics.


You could give $5. Yeah. We're gonna give 10,000. Try to move some money toward children who are waking up in a Ford F 10. Yeah. With their mom trying to get by their Mom's working two jobs and raising kids like It's not right. Y'all please do what you can. And this is all for the marinos when we donate. So thank you guys so much. That's Right. We donate in your names. There's a lot of good in this world and there's a lot of good we can do. If you don't have money to do good with, what else can you do? Just ask yourself that every day. You'll probably be pretty surprised with the answers you get all around you. Yeah. Because the need is there. And also people need to be good to each other.


The need within you to give is just as important. Absolutely. So, Absolutely. That's great. And you don't have that then blood is fine too. Then Give your blood and get a cookie and try not to faint. I have That blood that's like, You know, oh can you that that crazy blood that's just like super Rare. Super powerful blood. Yeah. Do Does your blood cure cancers in others? It does. I think I've heard of your blood. Just like that. Congratulations. They have like a, you know, in an in Antarctica there's a place that has just my blood. Ooh. In case the apocalypse comes, you should sell It on Etsy. You made it Blood on Etsy.


Well, we have an exciting announcement for you guys. So I guess, yeah, let's just fucking get into it. Right? Let's Get into It. If you're a fast forwarder, don't do it yet. 'cause we got a really fun announcement. Fast forwarder. No skipper. Right? We never called them fast forwarders before. This is exciting news for the real ones. The fan cult, which is our fan club. We just named it the fan cult. We just gave it a major upgrade. Yeah, we've been working on this. This is so exciting. You guys are gonna love it. It's got so much stuff in it and now we have added so much more. So to begin with, there's currently an archive of almost 200 mini mini episodes and five years of bonus video just waiting. So if you're, if you're not a member yet, that's like the first thing. It's Already sitting there. Yeah. But now we have broken the fan cult into two tiers. So there's tier one, which is called Yna Cult. That's $5 a month. And that you get weekly bonus audio and video, early access to live show tickets, access to our Discord, which is a new thing I was told. It's something like the internet version of a fresh slaw. It's Very fun. And then tier two is call your dad. And you guys have been wanting this. This is the thing that everyone's been waiting for. It's just $10 a month And you get everything from tier one plus a $20 merch credit. And here's the very exciting thing. You get ad free episodes of the podcast and videos. People have been asking for ad free podcasts since we left Stitcher back in Yeah. 1974. And you wanted it. Now we have it for You. It's been very hard. We've been trying to figure out a way, and this is it. We're doing it for ourselves. So if you sign up for tier two now, you will get ad free episodes of this podcast and they upload to Apple or Spotify or wherever you listen to your podcast. So they just go there automatically. Yeah. There's a lot of like little details that have been hard to track down and we've done it. And if you sign up before Friday, June 13th, Friday the 13th, you'll get the fan cult relaunch discount. So that's tier one for $3 and 33 cents a month, or tier two for $8 a month. We're not trying to fucking gouge anyone here. We're just trying to put up some exclusive content and stuff. That's right. You know, and A For and to prove that we're not trying to gouge anybody. You can either pay monthly at those prices. Yeah. Or you go yearly, you'll save even more. That's right. If you are a current member of the fan cult, you are automatically moved to the $5 tier Right. At your original $3 and 33 cent price. So don't worry, We're not Yeah. Nobody freak out here. This is a good thing. I know people like to, you know, people don't like change and they get scared, but this is actually really fucking cool and I'm excited about it. Yeah. So go to fan cult dot super cast.com to join the cult or just go to my favorite murder.com. There's links there. And yay. Welcome to the Fan Cult. It's a fucking really fun place to be, I Think.


And on top of that, we wanna tell you about all of what the highlights from our network. It's called the Exactly Rike Podcast Network. So This Week on Bananas, cur and Scotty cover hot topics like attractive psychopaths and a woman falling into a crevasse to get her phone Over on ghosted. Roz welcomes the luminous actor in Kindred spirit, James Scully. And then on I said, no gifts. Bridger does his best to stay composed when Tim Calas barges in with a fricking gift. And This week on This Podcast Will Kill You. The Aaron's tackle Toxic Shock syndrome. Whoa. Okay.


And then most importantly, obviously hotdog Summer has arrived straight from the runways of Milan, pulled from the elite couture shops of Paris. We bring you the hotdog collection our of our merch again. That's Right. We're re-releasing hotdog Ladies muscle tea, the hotdog unisex tea, and a hotdog sticker. It's so chic, it's so sexy. It's been banned on six Continents. I wear that hotdog ladies muscle tea to workout in and it it boosts me. Yeah. I mean, I don't wanna make any promises, but it's like You can draw power from it. Yeah, Exactly. So also, this design is by Sammy Rich. So go to exactly right store.com to grab yours today or tomorrow. No, no rush. That's not true. Yeah, don't Please don't. Unless they sell out. Yeah. Those hot dogs will sell out. Yeah.


Hey Karen, I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twists and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard Forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time. And automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, This is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, oh my God. Once detected it sounds, alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh My God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn More about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Not everyone who handles your personal information is gonna be as careful as you are. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a nude victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can help protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code murder or go to lifelock.com/murder for 40%. Off terms apply.


You know what's scary? Realizing you forgot your greens again. Groons makes it easy. No powders and no pills. Just eight daily delicious gummies packed with over 20 vitamins, minerals, and 60 whole food ingredients. They're vegan, gluten-free, and taste like fruit snacks. And they even make Groons kids for the little ones in your life who think spinach is a personal attack, you've got nutrition gaps and Groons fills them. This is the simplest health upgrade you'll ever make. No prep, no blender, no excuses. Whether you're already into wellness or still figuring it out. Groons fits right into your routine. This is a habit that tastes so good, you'll actually want to keep it right Now. You can get up to 45% off your first order with code MFM. That's 45% off using code MFM. So skip the mess, skip the stress. Just chew and go. Groons. Get your daily greens the easiest way possible. Goodbye.


Now this is the story of a cult that I had never heard of. Oh yeah. I know you love a cult. I really do. So maybe you know this one, but I watched the documentary about it and I was like, how have I never heard of this? It should be just as big as all the others because it's horrible. Okay. And you know, awful. It feels like with cults. Yeah. It can only go in one direction. Right? Well you don't hear about the good one. Are there good cults where it's like, and everything was fine. The Catholic church, you heard about that a lot lately. I wonder if there are any like positive ones. What would a positive cult be? I just don't think it can be because it's the, any positivity then turns in on itself because of the creeps at the top. Yeah. If it's a positive one, it doesn't get called a cult.


So we don't hear about it Probably then it's just gonna MLM Right Then it's just a religion. Okay. So today's story is about a nefarious couple who teamed up to start a Christian cult that managed to operate for 40 years and inflict horrific abuses on its members. This is the story of the Alamo Christian Foundation. Mm. Have you heard of them? It's spelled Alamo. Yeah. I'm thinking of the rental car company. Yeah. They were horrible. It's not them, but they Abuse people in Those place. No, but they actually do have a really crazy connection to like a piece of merchandise or to like a public facing thing. Like the rental car thing. Okay. That's bananas. Okay. The main source I use for this story is a docuseries that Vince and I watch called Ministry of Evil, the Twisted Cult of Tony Alamo.


And the rest of the sources can be found in the show notes. This is a great documentary. It has all the information. So consider this your friend telling you about the documentary and then you should go watch it. Yes. 'cause I'm not gonna be able to like, no. Relay all the information and it's really fucking interesting. I, I am gonna, I promise I'll listen Kathy, but I'm gonna be thinking that I've already seen this documentary because, but I feel like this story is so dense and it goes on for so long. Yeah, it does. But is that the one I'm thinking of or is like, I'm like, but then there's children of God. Yeah. Like I feel like I'm, I have documentary, yeah.


Poisoning fatigue essentially. Yes. Where I've seen so many where it's like, is the clothes captioning yellow? Well, lemme tell you what they look like. 'cause then maybe that'll help. It looks like Tammy Faye and, and then it looks like Fat Elvis. Yes. Yeah. But I was gonna say it's more of a Roy Orbison kind of thing. Okay. Okay. Do you see that? Yes. Bright blonde hair. She's got the most amazing dresses, like seventies style. But He has the top, has a very seventies like man Yes. Punchy man vibe. Exactly. Okay. Yes. That's them. Roy Orbison, old Elvis kind of a thing. Got you. Exactly. This is the one. All right. So I'm not going to like really get into the beginnings. It's the same thing you hear for like Manson and all of the other ones.


It's like the 1960s. There's a lot of hippies going to Los Angeles trying to figure out their way. And there's a lot of people prey on them, including this cult. They pass out flyers about Jesus. They invite people to come to the church. And it turns out for these guys, they're doing the bidding for a couple, this couple, a man named Tony Almo and a woman named Susan who have started the Almo Christian Foundation. So it's the same thing you've heard a million times. You know, it's, It's the same thing you dream of doing one day with your money, With starting a cult or running in Los Angeles, starting Christian found. That's my, that's my dream. I have my mood board. It's like, it's Just so weird where it's like you're all that work.


And maybe it's just my perspective that I can't get, but it's like, you're gonna do all that work and not like do a show at the end, or you're gonna do all that work and not, it's just purely to force people to go to church. Yeah. Well, so she is actually an incredible order as they say. Okay. So it's, the story is like almost in two parts where she's in charge and then he's in charge. And when she's in charge, it kind of makes sense because she can stand up on the pulpit and give these incredible sermons. And she's really a show, a showman. And her daughter is in the documentary and she's fucking the most amazing person And you wanna hang out with her so bad. And she's talks about what a con woman, her mother was and how good she was at it.


And I think she actually was, it's, it's very similar to like Jim Jones sort of thing. Like she's just really good at it. Wow. And like the same time period where people are lost, they're looking for something new. They, you know, their parents are like old school and so they don't fit in there anymore, but there's nothing else for them. You know what I mean? It's like I could totally, it's so easy it Seems. Yeah. When you run outta the house, like at the beginning of the Pat Benatar video, love is a battlefield. And you're like, fuck you, I'll never come back. And then you go out and then the world is horrifying. Right. And you think you can't go back. Exactly. So that's, that's this time it's like, it makes sense that these people in the sixties and seventies fell for this. But the people in the nineties have no fucking excuse.


Listen, it was a very sarcastic time and there was a lot to run from. You think they were kidding? The nineties were like we, we were just, they're being sarcastic. No, I mean it's Always like a cult. People needed to take shelter from all how toxic the culture was. Right. Where they were just like, I don't know Jesus. Well you help me. Yeah. Because these assholes and I just can't anymore. Okay, so lemme tell you about Susan. First of all, she looks like, yeah, like Dolly Parton and Janice the Muppet from the Muppet band became a person. Her name was Edith Opal Horn. She's born in Arkansas in 1925. She wants to be an actress. Moves to Los Angeles in the 1940s. And she gets a job as a bar girl. Which I really loved this. It's they, they pay pretty young women, bar people pay pretty young women to sit at the bar, have a drink, and then the man buys them a drink.


But it's not alcohol. But they're charged for alcohol. So they just keep drinking and like making the men keep buying drinks. Wow. Yeah. Oh that's great. So Like, yeah, they just to keep the patrons coming and buying more drinks. Yeah. Makes sense. You know. So then Susan, who at this point is married, she has a daughter, as I said her name, the daughter's name, I'm just gonna call her Chris because it's some kind of Chris Theon that I can't pronounce. And she goes by Chris, Susan meets this man named Mark Hoffman. He had been born Bernie Laser Hoffman in 1934 in Missouri. Laser. Laser. Okay. With a Z. That's kind Of cool. I mean, and He changed his name. Like you fucking change, you changed your name to Laser, your name's Bernie Laser.


You could do anything with your life. That's the coolest thing. Mark was raised at Father Flanagan's. Boystown, which I'm sure was a very peaceful, calm Yeah. No supportive, no problems there. No, no sarcasm there. Everything's Fine. And after growing up and moving out to California, he becomes a low level grifter and had several convictions for petty theft as well as for statutory rape. And so this guy Mark meets Susan in the early sixties. She's 10 years older than him and kind of just a presence. Right. So he falls for her. They fall for each other. Even though Mark has no interest or knowledge of Christianity.


He's like, I see what this does to people. I'm fucking all in. Like wants to be part of the mind control thing. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And he sees it as a business opportunity really. Because Susan does have this magnetism that draws people to her. She's very, it's like motherly. I don't know. There's something about it that people love. Susan and Mark divorce their spouses and they get married in Vegas in 1966. At this point. Susan's 41 and Mark is 32. Hmm. So Those are kind of crucial ages to be making. Yeah. Interesting. Oh, Susan really landed a young guy. Yeah. That's exciting. And it's kind of like, it does seem like her little fuck boy. A little bit.


'cause like he's in the background of the photos of her like giving these amazing sermons with all the her crazy nails and he does seem like a supportive little fuck boy and A supportive groupie. Yeah. And I'm sure she just like wanted it. Yeah. Good for her to a point. Good for her to a point. So Good for her to A Point is a good title. So they changed their name. So he changes his name to Tony and they change the last name to Almo. So from here on out it's Susan and Tony Almo. The Almos begin preaching on the streets to young people in LA They gain a ton of followers. And you're like, how did that happen?


They start operating out of a house in West Hollywood on Crescent and Sunset, which it's Like, that's where I get my hair done. What I mean like, I wonder which corner had a house? 'cause there's Green Blats, right? There's a Sunset five Shop mini shopping center. Sunset. Yeah. Then Di So I think probably B behind one of those places. Up in the hills a little Bit. Yeah. Car Kara Clink and Jared used to live right there too. Yeah. There's like, there's some apartments buildings there. Yep. So we're, yeah. Oh that's right. They had that great mid-century Midcentury a apartment. Yes. God damn. That's nice. Yes. I bet. It's like right around there. This is not, this is not relevant at all. It's not. But like you, it's like relevant for five people and you're one of them.


Yeah. And we're in a, this is your, our podcast. I'll text care after this. Like, guess what? Alright. So I just love shit like that. Well That's the fun of like a, it's like hometown true crime. 'cause it's like, yeah, this actually happened here. We're not talking about some far away place. Totally in the place where you can't convince someone to give you $1 if you were short on gas. Right. Somehow these people came in and started. Yeah. Changing hearts and minds on Sunset. And it's a happening time. I met Sunset was crawling and they're just like, come a couple blocks away And we have this apartment where you can, or a house or whatever, you can hang out with us. And because of that, very quickly the city of West Hollywood takes issue with the over occupancy of the house.


Because guess by 1970 there's a, it's a three bedroom house. Okay. Guess how many people in 1970 at this point are living there? 10. But It's over. They're mad. 'cause it's over occupancies. You're going with 10. Well, Three to a bedroom, five to a bedroom. 15, 200. No. What? And it's Probably like people going in and out, you know, it's like not everyone living at the same time, but 200. How? That's so gross. It's so gross. There's like two old spinster sisters that live next door with like, another one's coming in. Oh my God. They Don't have shoes on. They've got their pet lizard. I'm thinking of The Simpsons. The sisters from the Simpson, the Sisters, Another one's coming in.


So like That alone would make me be like, no, thank you to this cult. You know what I mean? You don't have a clean bathroom. No. Come On. Where's the spaghetti dinner? I don't wanna just hang out in a hot apartment. That's right. So they are like, shit, we need to move. So by the early seventies they wind up buying a compound out in the desert. Yes. Very much like the Minson family. In fact, it's not far from there. It's in a cult hotspot called SGAs, California. You know sga? Yeah. Sga just down the road from the Manson family so they could like high five on their way to being terrible. I mean, what a weird time. We think we live in a weird time. Yeah. But like truly like all of culture just ripped in half. Yeah. And then it was like, take these drugs and walk over there and see what happens.


No one had ever lived that way. Like by the nineties it was like people had experi experimented and lived that way and been through shit. But that like 1960s on No, you, you couldn't go on an airplane without being in a suit. You know what I mean? Like yes. They, you, there's no alternative. Right. There's no counterculture. So have you mind blowing to see that So counter? Yeah. And so like the way my mom used to be about like, you're not wearing those jeans right. To the dentist and being Your mom Are you talking about? And it's like, can you imagine what those poor people who like grew up in the Great Depression? Yeah. They finally make money. They get give the money to their kids and their kids are like, Hey man, yeah. Bye.


Totally. Or like you, you don't understand me Goodbye. Yeah. Yeah. And I wanna do drugs Too. I wanna do drugs and I wanna join whatever religion anyone offers me. Totally. On Sunset Boulevard. Totally. And I believe it. I believe these people, like the trust then was a much more trusting. And you know, the thing we've learned about like the effervescence of being at a, at a same music show with a bunch of people and you're like an experience. Yeah. They were having that like with religion where it's like a change And the way you talk, you've talked about sociopaths being like commanding And you just wanna follow them. Yes. You've gotta be a sociopath to be a fucking cult leader. We know that, right? Yeah.


If not full psychopath. If You have to say that like, I'm talking to God directly and then God wanted me to tell you what to say. Like, come on dude, I can't even answer emails. I'm talking to God. Yeah. On the daily. Yeah. To tell you what to do. That's a lot of pressure. Come on. That's a lot of, okay. So, but they're into it. And so it's all the normal cult stuff that I wanna get into. But you can watch in the documentary where they give them the hippies, give them the money, but they're also like, it's hippies. They don't have a lot of money. But like secretly there are a lot of hippies probably who have like trust funds and shit. So it works. There was a, some famous actress's, who was it? Daughter that Oh, like she pulled outta the man's it It, yeah. Murder. She wrote, I think her daughter Angela Lansbury's daughter was like almost a Manson near girl man.


And then she got yanked like A Musketeer mouse. What's the, that Musketeer? Musketeer. Yeah. She got yanked right out. And then her mom was like, And you absolutely not. I saw you use that credit card. You will not be buying things for Charles Manson. So, so they, they pay, you know, they give them all their paychecks. At this point, the religion has achieved tax exempt status because they're a religious institution. That's the dream. Yep. But conditions at this desert compound, guess how they are? They're horrific. Disgusting. They're disgusting. There's many members that have babies and small children because they do this really smart thing where they open, they're open to single mothers and they're like, we accept you.


We won't judge you. Come. And we like, this is a community that can take care of your children. 'cause that was so taboo at the time. Right? Yeah. However, they have no access to disposable diapers, but they also have no access to water to wash the cloth diapers. And people are sleeping about 125 in a room, you know? And I'm sure the rooms weren't very insulated or nice to begin with. There's no access pretty much to shower facilities. But meanwhile, Susan and Tony, guess what? They live in a nice house. Yeah. And they're like going to Sachs Fifth Avenue buying expensive clothes. Just, they're living their good life. Yeah. She comes by and she's like, look, I bought a silk scarf. If anybody wants to borrow it For your baby. And they're Just like police in a pit.


Oh God. But it's not just financial abuse taking place. And this is where we, it starts to get dark. Susan starts preaching to parents that their children will go to hell if they do not punish them for a real or imagined offenses. And the beatings begin, and this becomes a key component of the church that will endure for decades before they're finally stopped. So at this point in the 19, the mid 1970s, Susan's daughter Chris, who has children of her own, she even, she is like, this is fucked up and leaves, like has to run and leave. So that's how bad it is. Like if your daughter who's been with you for your entire life is just something like, whoops, this is too much for me.


Yeah. It's bad. She's been born into the cult and she leaves And she does that amazing thing where you don't try to sugar coat or make your parents sins seem reasonable. This woman is incredible. She's very much just like these fucking nuts. Yeah. Very good. So they also though, like Susan and Tony are these larger than life, you know, Elvis and Dolly Parton looking characters. And she again is really good. So they have a weekly syndicated religious TV show. They even, they even perform, or like, they even do a sermon at the grand old Opry. Like you and I did that one time. Yeah. Remember? I bet our sermons are very similar.


They were very similar. Yeah. So they're like mainstream and it gives them credit and the, it kind of has like a musical variety show vibe and a lot of sequence, a lot of, you know, emphasis on the Bible. Just like that crazy seventies, Tammy Faye. Yeah. And this attracts new members because people think it's respectable. They have TV time, they have a real show. By 1975, the California authorities are like, Hey, something's not right here. I don't think the workers are being paid. So Susan and Tony do the smart thing and get the fuck outta California and go to a place that's a little more chill about it. Arkansas. Ugh. That's another thing for me when they're like, let's get out of California.


I'd be like, Hmm. I'm staying My cult. Yeah. My cult status really depends on location for sure. Yes. You Know, beach access. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah, because I feel like it's the old 30 rock. Don't move to a second location idea where it's like, once you're going to a second location, what are you gonna do? Bunker. Right? You're gonna start talking about the end of the world. You're gonna start talking about like doubling and tripling down on your dedication And you're isolated. So there's no, like, if you leave a compound, you can, you're in Los Angeles, you can go wherever. Yeah. There's, there's like services. Suddenly you're in Arkansas, they don't give a shit And you don't know anyone there. Yeah. So it's kind of perfect. They choose a location near the Texas, Oklahoma border, and they buy a compound.


Of course, those, they love compounds. And they also run several businesses in town, including a grocery store, a gas station, a restaurant. They kind of take over this small town. They infiltrate them as you, I would say. And the location is right at the highway. So they actually get a lot of business and they actually do really well. But it's more of a front, because like this business gives this business the money to do open the, you know, it's, it's to hide the money. Yeah. And because of the TV show, and Tony's, Tony has some connections in the music industry. They also start getting big name performers to play at the, the restaurant bar, including Dolly Parton. Mm. Tammy Wynette and Roy Oron. So all of those people, geez.


Come and perform there. And Bill Clinton even stops by, he's the attorney general at the time, at the time. And he and Hillary go on a date to this place. And Bill Clinton says something about how Tony Alamo is Roy Orbison on speed. Oh, shit. So, You know, he's not hiding it well, I don't think, but of course all the businesses are staffed by members of the church who sign their paycheck over to Susan and Tony. So, so at this point, Susan had been using cancer as a tactic, and the fact that she had been cured of cancer by God to get people to believe that she was blessed or something that wasn't true at all.


She never had cancer. She never had cancer. And then she got cancer. Oh, in 1975, she's diagnosed with breast cancer and she dies at the age of 56 in 1982 dies from breast cancer. So suddenly it's over. And it's also the a thing of like, but people thought she was blessed. And so her dying of cancer actually makes the whole religion look really bad. Oh, right. You know what I mean? Because she Had been claiming that like Right. The Lord had saved her God and then it didn't work. But then Tony just does this thing where he yells at the members and is like, it's 'cause you didn't pray hard enough. Right. Ooh. Like, that's just, that's When I'd be out. That that's the one for You. Wait a second. I liked all this. I prayed hard. You started blaming Me.


Right? So Tony, now this is the like second chapter of this cult, and it gets really fucking dark warning. The content going on here is child sexual abuse. Child rape, child abuse. So it gets culty and dark. Tony's now 48. And he, everyone's like, it's gonna fall apart now because the person who was good at getting people to join and keeping them is dead. But he takes over as the sole leader of the Almo Christian Foundation. Wow. So Tony like, kind of doesn't know what to do at first. And so he stalls for time by not burying Susan's body. Instead he has her embalmed and brought to the compound's main house.


And the members of the church are to pray over her open casket 24 hours a day asking God to raise her from the dead. Like they think that's what's gonna happen. Hmm. This goes on for six months. Oh no. Yeah. Her body sits there for six months. Yeah. It's just such a tall order. Why would you not to come back do something that, yes. It's like, come I can I get a nap. It's your first move after the woman who was making it all happen dies. You're the, you're the dark horse that no one actually believes in. And you're going to walk right up and be like, we're going to win the World Series. Like, what are you doing?


Right. Right. Did he do it? Is that what you're about to tell Me? And so he Did. And so he did.


Hey Karen, I want you to picture yourself going from a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twist and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time. And automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, This is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, oh my God. Once detected it sounds alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh My God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You know what's scary? Realizing you forgot your greens again. Groons makes it easy. No powders and no pills, just eight daily delicious gummies packed with over 20 vitamins, minerals, and 60 whole food ingredients. They're vegan, gluten-free, and taste like fruit snacks. And they even make Groons kids for the little ones in your life who think spinach is a personal attack, you've got nutrition gaps and Groons fills them. This is the simplest health upgrade you'll ever make. No prep, no blender, no excuses, whether you're already into wellness or still figuring it out. Groons fits right into your routine. This is a habit that tastes so good, you'll actually want to keep it right Now. You can get up to 45% off your first order with code MFM. That's 45% off using code MFM. So skip the mess, skip the stress. Just chew and go. Groons. Get your daily greens the easiest way possible. Goodbye.


Spring is the season to fall in love with your bra. And honestly, we should all be in relationships that support us as much as Honeylove Say goodbye to the discomfort of underwire and the bulky construction that digs in Honeylove Brass are designed with supportive bonding that eliminates the need for underwire, while still giving you all the lift you want. Check Out their crossover bra. It's their best seller for a reason. It gives you all the support you need without an underwire. And it's so comfortable, you'll never wanna take it off. Honeylove recently launched their new cloud Embrace Bra, which sold out in days. It's a wireless bra for people who love underwire. And Honeylove isn't just about what you wear on top. Their shapewear tanks and leggings are just as comfy and supportive, and they actually stay in place. Treat Yourself to the most comfortable and innovative brass on earth and save 20% off Sitewide at Honeylove dot com slash mfm. Use Our exclusive link to get 20% off Honeylove dot com slash Mfm. After you purchase, they'll ask you where you heard about them. So please support our show and tell them we sent you Experience the new standard in bras with Honeylove. Goodbye. Goodbye.


After six months, her body is breaking down and the numbers are like, Hey Tony. And we hate to like, we hate to like question you, but, But her nose just fell off. Right. So she, I mean, God, it's a dead Body. I know, I know. That's horrible. And people are praying over it 24 hours a day. And it's their fault that the, that it didn't happen. Not that it, that God doesn't exist or that she's not blessed or whatever. So he builds her a heart shaped mausoleum on the compound property. Okay. A little more responsible. Yeah. And then at the same time, things are dicey on the business. And three weeks after Susan's death, a lawsuit against the foundation by the Department of Labor goes to trial. Basically, You know, they're like, you're not paying your, your employees.


And they deter, the district court determines that the foundation owes its worker $19 million in back wages and, and overtime In 1970s money. Yeah. Do we know how much it would be in today's money? No, Allie didn't let me know. But wait, wait. I do. Yes I do. Yes I do. Hi. Yes I do. Ally, let me know what a turn. Ally. Ally Elkin. I just threw you under the bus even though there was no bus. 19 million in back wages and overtime. And then in eight eighties, money is Okay. You said 19 million. 19 million. And it's like, it's like, you know, Late seventies, early Eighties or more mid eighties, I think at this point, I never Get these right.


No, no. Early eighties. Early eighties. 82. Like that's gonna fucking, I know. Early eighties. Early Eighties. 19 million. Is it 50 million, 63 chance? That's not, but you're in the ballpark. At least I'm in the Ballpark. You know what I Mean? But remember the other day when you got it right on million, I got it right. 8 million. Oh Man, Tony appeals the case, blah, blah, blah. The IRS comes around and they're like, what? This isn't right. And so, So Much money, if the IRS is like, this looks excessive. Yeah. Then you're something, you're not doing it. Right. Something Terrible Is about that successive. Yeah. Yeah. So after Bury Susan, Tony is in and out of town, he goes back to LA a lot. He basically marries a woman named Brita who owns a like clothing shop in Los Angeles.


He kind of does a number on her, it seems. She's like from Sweden. And she falls in love with, you know, the rich Christian televangelist type of guy, whatever, whatever. But she is brought back to the compound. Everyone's like, she looks exactly like Susan. They think that he maybe was using her to like pretend that Susan came back, but Oh, she's a fucking Swedish accent. It's not her. Oh. So there's, I mean, that makes a lot of sense. 'cause it's like in the middle of all this, the psychopath falls in love. Right. And it's like, oh no, it just one more tool. Yes. In his tool belt, she Looks like her and she does, she is an atheist. But that doesn't stop her from moving to the compound with him. And yeah, she's not good at being a preacher like Susan was.


But she is a good business woman and she's into clothing and so she, so she winds up setting Tony on the course for the foundation's most famous business venture in 1984. Okay. Do you remember like picture Mike Tyson in the jean jacket with like rhinestones and like a spray painted Yeah. Like Tasmanian Devil. Absolutely. That absolutely. That had been fucking bedazzled. Yeah. And those were like the big Jack, the big Jean jackets. Those were a hit back then, right? Yes. They were like, they were a big part of it. Or they have the Hollywood like spray or spray painted Hollywood, you know, sign sign or the Las Vegas.


And then they were all bedazzled and shit. Yeah. That's this fucking cult. They fucking made these and they got fucking famous, what Was the name of that brand? It was called Tony Almo of Nashville is the name of the business venture Classic Psychopath move. Put your whole name There. Yeah. Name. Totally. Like Lamo sounds better, but No, you won't do it. No. Tony Almo. If it's like a Giorgio Armani Beverly Hills or whatever. Exactly. Exactly. And like 1990, This is the eighties. No, in 84. 84, they start selling these denim jackets. Wow. Air airbrush. That's what it is. Okay. Hand bedazzled with rhinestones. And they become wildly popular. They're sold. They're sold in high-end apartment stores and boutiques and the, it's the brand is all a lamo clothing brand.


They have a flagship store in Nashville. Wow. They make customized jackets for like Dolly Parton, Mr. T, Brooke Shields. Of course Michael Jackson gets a leather version and wears it on the cover of bad. That's next time you do the cover of Bad, that's a cult's jacket. Oh my God. Yeah. So it gets, This is the last thing this cult needed. Yeah. Going Viral. Yes, exactly right. Just a huge influx of cash. Right, Right. And legitimacy again. Yeah. So here's the thing about the jackets though. Like every other alum venture, they're being made with unpaid labor. Oh yeah. Of the members. And in this case, it's almost all being done by the children of the foundation because they've got those little fingers that can pick up those little fucking rhinestones No.


And glue them on. Yes. The kids living on the Arkansas compound, they're bused to a facility each night where they hand bedazzle and hand airbrush every jacket Each night. Yeah. In Secret. Right, right. Yeah. And hand, it's like they can say they're handmade, a hundred percent handmade, but they don't tell you how little those hands are. So those little fingers going around the jacket sell for around $600 each, which in today's money, 2500, 1500 More, more than 1500 in today's money. So 1500 for a fucking jean jacket. Insane. Yeah, of course. Those child workers are never paid. And the Department of Labor is very suspicious, but they can't prove anything.


The IRS ultimately revokes the foundation's tax exempt status. And Tony, who had been spending lavishly this whole time, doesn't have the resources to pay those back taxes. 'cause you have to pay them. And so Tony, it almost seems like at this point people are after him, but he's got this like, like things are feeding his ego still. He becomes this like megalomaniac and he spirals deeper and deeper. And with that comes more violence against his followers. And then also he divorces the lookalike, goes hopefully home to LA and lives a great life. Who knows? But she's the reason those jackets Worked. I know. Hopefully she got a, she's in the documentary and she looks like she's in a lavish spot.


So hopefully she got a cut in the divorce All green screen. Yeah, She is actually where She's wearing just a green cloth from here down. Oh Yeah. So beatings and abuse are actually kind of normal already in the foundation. It's happened since the beginning. But in this period, the late eighties, after Susan's death, things get way worse. And this, it's just awful. Children are subjected to intense beating at Tony's direction. Tony threatens that if parents or other adults in the cult don't beat their children as punishment for real or imagined misbehavior, he'll beat the parents instead. But you know, over and over these, these ex members say, we really believe that he was the Messiah.


Like we a hundred percent believed that he was basically God. Because you know, the Messiah when he comes back to the Earth, is immediately gonna start making jean jackets with bedazzle or bedazzle decorations on the back. And Definitely when Jesus comes back, he's going to make a paddle that has holes in it for you and your followers to beat children with. There's a thing, there's a trend on TikTok right now, and it's people with their little kids like four and five years old, and they go finish this phrase, we're gonna play Game. I know I brought you into this world because I love you. Yeah. And you're just like, oh. It's just like, girl, girls should be fun. Loved. Like, It's like we just had it hard.


It's Bad. When I read that my mom used to spank us and when it was bad, it was the wooden spoon. Yeah. Which I just like, I'm traumatized from that. I can't use a wooden spoon. Yeah. And when you were really bad. So my brother got it a lot, but I got it a few times too. The wooden spoon with the cutouts in it, holes in it. Oh yeah. Because The wind, I, there was something about the like force of it that was different. Makes it hurt worse. Yeah. The wooden spoon with the holes was, you did something really fucking bad. Fuck the regular wooden spoon. Yeah. It was not, it's not good. That's awful. I'm sorry. Yeah. The, the only reason I didn't ever get that and I prime candidate Yeah.


Is because both my parents had such bad, and I mean my dad had great parents. Yeah. But I think they got smacked around. My mom definitely did. So they, their, that was their rule to each other. Stop With Me. Like, we don't hit little kids. Don't hit chil you don't use violence to try to fucking parent children A child. It's so obvious now. Duh. It's so obvious now. But it really wasn't back then until, and then there was one day when I was 17 and I was so awful and obnoxious and my mom tried to spank me 'cause she had just bought me all these clothes and I like tried them on and left them on the floor. She was like, pick those clothes up. And I was like, I'm leaving. And then she grabbed my arm and was walking around to smack my butt.


And I just was going, whatcha doing? Stop it. And just like, oh my God, whatcha doing? And I was like, later on. Yeah. Only later on did I realize like you just didn't realize how good you had it. You didn't realize what those people were fucking doing. Right. For you every day. You Can't start at 17 though, so you can't start Nope. Smacking Your child at 17. I was already smoking clove. I was, I was headed for juvie. It's Too late. They, they, they are who they are at that point. And it's kind of your fault. So it's fully Your fault. Parent. And the parents also say that they believed that beatings were gonna save their children from going to hell. 'cause remember hell was a big part of this. Hell's a big part of Christianity, it turns out. Yeah.


So they like on earth. Yeah. So they actually think, You know, who knows how much, but they both, they convinced themselves that they're helping their children to not go to hell. Yeah. And that paddle that he uses with the holes drilled into it. He, Nicks Tony nicknames the board of education. Boo, not funny, real clever fucker go to hill. Beatings are so severe that children lose consciousness. So in the late eighties, a man named Carrie Miller leaves the cult with his brother. And but the wives and are like, we're not leaving and keep the children. And this guy's in the documentary prominently, they wind up going basically the, they get a court order to get the kids out.


And so the kids are freed. But the whole story gets a fair amount of media attention because Kerry Miller's son gets beaten severely. And that gets out in the media. And so it becomes a big public story. And I think at the time too, there's like the Satanic panic. There's some, you know, like there's some backlash from Manson and Jonestown and so people are like scrutinizing cults a little more maybe. Yeah. And probably, I think child abuse as a concept was really coming to the fore. Yeah. There was that episode of different strokes. A hundred percent. It Was like this thing of like, we all have to really reckon with this. Yeah. Problem. It's up to us. It's not, it's not a secret. Yeah. If you don't let it be. Yeah. That's how it survives.


Yeah. So at this point, Tony in 1988, he's just like, fuck it and goes on the run. But he's able to control the cult still remotely over the phone. He sends orders back to the compound in Arkansas. He doesn't show up for a civil case in Arkansas. And the court decides against him. And at this point, the FBI raids the Arkansas property, thank God to seize assets. No, not, no, not, thank God. Not yet. Oh Yeah. And so basically everyone abandons the compound before they can get there. And also, so no one's there and no one gets caught. But it turns out that he also has someone break into the mausoleum where Susan is buried and steal the casket.


'cause they think like they're gonna, I don't know, I don't know. They take the casket with them. Okay. 'cause they're like, we need to keep her body safe. Is this gross of me to say that's kind of romantic. At least he meant it, that he really was into her. It Almost is like they, he, from the way they talk about it, it sounds like he did believe that she was, You know, holy. Yeah. And so if they left her holy body there, you know, the government would get it. Okay. And this is a time too, and I don't think people understand this, when like the government and religion weren't best friends and in line. Right. They were actually against each other. They were very far apart. Right. Yeah. Remember that? Yeah, I do. So extremist religions weren't, didn't have the ear of the president and the government at the time.


They were actually against each other. Yes. So I know it sounds like nowadays we know that they, right. Yes. So they were scared of them. Right. And they were scared of taking this holy woman's body in their mind. Yeah. There had to be some white powder going on for Tony. You can't make all that money off of Tony Alamo of Beverly Hills or whatever Bullshit jackets he was doing in The eighties. In the eighties. And not be like, I'm sure he was living large in every way possible. Yeah. Line him up. Yeah. Literally. Yeah. So the paranoia of we need to get her body out of there actually makes total sense. And also that's always part of the decline of a cult is like this psychopath that's in charge. Right. Is like, And you said megalomania.


Yeah. It just like ingest all of it. Keep on, keep the believe in going. Yeah. Right. So now they, everyone's scattered. They're still members though. They still fucking believe in him and they're still, It's hard to change. Yeah, it is. It's hard to like give up on a thing that you've devoted so much of your life to and believed in. You went all in on it. You went all In. And to say no now is Yeah. To admit you're a fucking idiot. Tony gives orders to the church over the phone. No one knows where he is. The IRS winds up seizing all of Tony's assets, including that store in the, in Nashville where the jackets are made. And then while he is on the run, he's quoted a newspaper.


'cause of course he always calls the press to tell him, tell them how misaligned and how fucked up everyone's against him. Sure. And during one of those calls, he basically threatens an Arkansas judge, which you can't fucking Do. No, that's not allowed. You cannot do that. Don't do it. This Prompts the US marshal to issue a major manhunt to track him down. So you fucked with the wrong, I don't know department. Yeah. So in 1991, federal agents examined the phone records, but basically they track him down with phone calls from cell phone towers all the way back in 91. Right. Which is like surprising. They find him in Tampa, Florida. And long story short, they eventually hit on a particular address, stake out the house.


See Tony come out to pick up his morning newspaper and they raid the house. They find Tony sitting at the table in sunglasses in a tie dye shirt. And there's a photo of him like being, or the video of him being let out in his like tie dye. He looks very like, yeah, it's like, it's it's old Elvis for sure. Yeah. Yeah. But in a, in tie dye. So it's confusing. It's a good cover. Yeah. Stacks of cash all over the table, but no Susan's body. Oh, it's not there. They don't know where it is. Okay. Tony's charge was child abuse in California for the beatings also charged with federal tax evasion. Essentially the tax evasion. This is like so horrible and wrong, but like that is easier to try and actually get a conviction for than child abuse.


Right. So they're like, let's get him in like locked up now on that And we can worry about the child abuse stuff later. Right. That's the, well, it's not comparatively directly, but that's the old, I think right. Al Capone how they, how they got It's, it's exactly that. Yeah. Things you can actually prove. Right. Right. So he goes to prison, he gets six years, I think in prison. And the cult doesn't disband. They take orders from him from prison. He's somehow allowed to use the phone and they record sermons and they play them for all the members. And people come to see him and they move into the town. They move into the town near the prison so they can be ready when he gets out.


Whoa. Yeah. Off the compound. And to, to the prison. Yes. And so through the early nineties, new members continue to join. New members continue to join. And during this time when he's in prison in the early nineties, he starts to drop little hints that it's okay for a man to have multiple wives. There we go. How where'd to get that? I look Like a mean the Bible. Oh, okay. Yeah. Don't you know, It's there. And little by little his members start to accept this. He decrees that he's entitled to have multiple wives. If you say child brides, I'm gonna get up and walk outta this podcast studio Kid brides. Ugh. So I don't want, I don't want you to walk up and leave.


Get up and leave. I have to say. But you have To say child brides. Yeah. Does he really say That? Yes. Right before I did See this Documentary. Yeah. He starts to introduce teenage girls from the cult as his wives. And then goes on to say like, you know, once they hit puberty, the Bible says they can be wives. That kind of thing. So Yeah. So puberty Don't go younger than that. Please. So, yeah. So he recruits teenage girls to work at his house while he's in prison, which basically means marrying Tony. You know, they do the like fake ceremony. You're married, it's a sexual assault. And then, but the parents can, like, those kids have been raised in the cult and their parents consider it an honor.


Mm. And they're excited about them marrying their daughters, their young daughters marrying Tony. The victims at this point, most of them who were born in the nineties were born into this cult. So that's all they know. Yeah. And so they think it's okay or they, they think they have to, they think they're going to hell if they don't, they visit him in prison and bringing photos of the children that are still in the church so he can select other victims. Like he just becomes this Monster. Monster and a groomer and a fucking child abuser in 1998. Now in his sixties, Tony's released from prison as a requirement of his release. He has to return Susan's body. It has to happen. Wow. Yeah. And so he denies ever having it.


But right when he is released, the casket is anonymously delivered to an Arkansas funeral home. Where was it? We don't know where it was. Also, doesn't it only mean something to him? Are they saying like, you just can't have this dead body? Yes. Okay. Like desecration of a corpse. And then meanwhile her daughter and her family are like, we want to be able to Yes. Very. You know, it's like you can't, you can't fucking do that. That Makes sense. Yeah. And so once Tony's outta prison, he continues to quote, marry girls from the church and of course rape and sexually abuse them also physically and verbally abuses them. He does this with 24 girls that become his wife. They, this is just like, and it's part of the documentary and she's in it. And she's so strong and so admirable.


The youngest one is eight years old. Oh man. And I mean, these women who are in the documentary and end up testifying against him are so freaking strong and incredible. They were raised with this mindset. They didn't join the cult themselves. Yes. When they were lost teenagers, It was the only world they Knew. And their parents were telling them that they were go to hell if You know, or that It was this honor, this we've been picked and it's so special. Totally. Exactly. So nine of the 24 girls are under 18 years old. He continues to use the Bible to justify this. And they're all kept isolated in Tony's home. It's the thing you always hear about.


But concerned ex-member start to make complaints to the FBI about the abuse. But in order to prove the case, the FBI needs at least one of the current victims to come forward. Which is of course terrifying to them. A lot of their families are still in the cult. Yeah. In 2006, a woman named Amy Eddie, who's in the documentary who's 22, and was first Ma married to Tony at 14. She escapes and flees to Oklahoma the whole time. She believes that God is gonna strike her down for leaving him and send her to Hell. And then a 15-year-old named Desiree Colbeck escapes as well. She gets help from her aunt to leave.


'cause her mom also is still in the cult. Mm. So being 15 years old and being like, I need to escape this abuse God. Like what pushes you to that level? What Horrors exactly have you Seen? Exactly. And like, it's better for me, for God to like smite me then for me to keep staying Here, I don to say like, How could I care anymore? Right. And Desiree had been the 8-year-old victim who is now 15. Both women are approached by the FBI initially. Amy is too scared, but Desiree, she is terrified too. But she agrees to testify against Tony because her sister, her little sister is still in the cult. Oh. And she's like, I need to save her. Yes. She testifies that Tony took photos of his victims, of course, many whom were underage and also took the girls across state lines.


So like that's enough because those are federal crimes. So they're able to create a strong federal case against Tony. Finally. Yeah. Okay. So finally in 2008, federal agents raided Tony's house in, it's called F Arkansas. F. Yeah, exactly. It's pronounced fa Fuck. Tony's not there. He knew the raid was gonna happen, blah, blah, blah. They don't find the photos Desiree had been talking about, but they find other incriminating things like a lot of wedding rings and like boxes of ovulation tests. Just like creepy As shit gross. And also just a sign that like it's, we're now at the end of the line with this cult leader. Yeah. It's like this is the, he did it usual wind out.


Right. Where it always goes to child brides. It always goes to Yeah. He did it. He did What? He did the whole thing. He did the Whole, You know, dead body. Yeah, exactly. So he's 74 at this point. Ugh. And fucking gross. I bet. Obviously bet. Lifelong. Yeah. And so he has a secret cell phone now again, FBI. Basically they find him at a hotel in Flagstaff, Arizona. He's indicted on 10 counts of interstate transportation of a minor for sex. And in addition to Desiree, Amy does get over her fear and ultimately testifies against him as do three other so-called wives. By the time the case goes to trial, at least 30 people are willing to testify against him. Amazing.


So they're finally like, let's end this. And many of the witnesses still have family in the cult, but they're just, they, they now know what's actually going on or you know. Yeah. So Tony is found guilty on all accounts in 2009 and sentenced to the rest of his life in federal prison. He also loses a civil case against his victims and is ordered to pay more than $1.1 billion to them. Wow. Tony dies in prison in 2017, but the church isn't completely defunct despite all of that. It still has some locations and they continue to recruit new members. As recently as 2018, there was a chapter in New York City like, Wow.


Yeah, what do you need? It's crazy therapy. And unfortunately as recently as 2018 when everything had come out about the foundation, those now vintage a lamo jean jackets Oh. Have a resurgence a among celebrities. So I'm not gonna say who they are because maybe they don't know that about the abuse. Right. It might not be because Right. It's, yeah. It's just like an eighties thing and they don't know the background. So I won't say it, but one recently sold for $950 on Etsy. I mean, to me, that makes me think of like the John Wayne Gacy painting selling. Exactly. There are those people that are like, can you believe I'm doing this?


It's so taboo. Totally. Totally. And that is the story of the Almo Christian Foundation. Oh my God. The documentary again is called Ministry of Evil, the Twisted Cult of Tony Almo. We binged it. It, I mean, Jesus fucking Christ. Unbelievable. It just wouldn't end. No. Like, like pick a, pick a, pick a like this is as far as I go. And write it in your diary. Me playing a psychopath. No, I will not. I will. Not only that, I'll succeed. I mean the members though, I don't mean the the head. Right. But once you're in, I mean like that's that thing where it's like people have to be deprogrammed to get out of cults like that.


Yeah. And the deprogramming, like there's actually a guy who, it becomes a de programmer in that time period. And And the tactics they use are like fucking horror. Like, Oh, they kid people. Yeah. It's bad. It's like, It's not any better. Everything's so bad. Everything bad. It's been so bad for so Long, so bad. Yeah. Everyone's like, this is the worst time in history. And it's like, no, history is the worst time. It's been pretty bad. It's been bad for a lot of people for a long time. Speaking of which, should I just saved my story for the next episode? Yeah, because that was a lot. And that was plenty and great. I Know. I'm sorry that was so long. But yeah, it's okay. Yeah. Do you wanna do a solo next week? I liked it. Absolutely. Fuck yeah. Hell yeah.


Our homework's done. Hell yeah. We love that, eh? Hey, thank you for joining our cult. It's funny that we did a, oh my God, I didn't realize we did a pitch to join our cult. Yes. The fan cult. And then I did a cult story And we just talked shit on cults the whole time. But I mean, come on. This is a fun cult. Did the Almo Cult have ad free podcast episodes? I don't think so. Ladies and gentlemen. No, they didn't. Did you get a discount on merch? Did you get first access to live show tickets from the Almos? No. No Italian Hand gesture. No. Good or bad Italian hand gesture. Well, well, we'll meet you next time. Yeah. Thank you guys For listening to that long ass story of horrible things.


We appreciate you so much. We Love you dearly. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Heck and Molly Smith. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McGlashan and Ally Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And Now you can watch us on Xactly Wright's YouTube page.


While you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Bye.


Not everyone who handles your personal information is gonna be as careful as you are, and it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a nude victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can help protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code murder or go to lifelock.com/murder for 40% off terms apply.


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill, try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most. And provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh Yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn More about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com. Or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.