
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row, all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed By clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The Results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver md. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye.


When your to-do list feels endless, let Audible turn it into a mini adventure. You'll Be the Robinson Cruso of vacuuming. You Can dive in to never Flinch by Stephen King. Or you can get hooked on Mad Love an audible original that keeps you guessing With every chapter With thousands of titles and originals. Audible keeps your brain entertained while you tackle real life. Start Listening and discover what's beyond the edge of your seat. New members can try Audible now free for 30 days and dive into a world of new thrills. Visit Audible.com/murder or text murder to 500 dash 500. That's audible.com/murder. Or text murder to 500 dash 500. Goodbye.


Hello, hello And welcome To my favorite murder. That's Georgia Hard Start. That's Karen Kiff And we're here to podcast for you once again. We're Gonna do it every week if we can. If the mood strikes us, If we have the sweaters with the colors that are needed to combine it, be together magenta and lime green. What would you Call this? Lime green? Yeah, right. Yeah. With a little forest. Yeah, It's loud. It's very loud. Well, it looks like a nice sixties polyester blouse. Okay, I'll Go. I'll Take that. No, no. It's fucking fast fashioned. Is it? No, I mean, No fast fashion with a retro bent. Yeah. Yeah. Speaking of retro and Bent, I finally did it.


I watched Pride and Prejudice. Oh wow. How'd It go? Yeah, it went great. Vince was at a wrestling show. I was alone on like a Saturday night with my wine. What do I do? I had caught up with the valley, and so I was like, oh, holy shit, I'm gonna do this. I, there was not a moment I was bored. Right. Not a fucking moment. Right? Yes. Which is like, that's all I asked for in a movie. Yep. You know? Yep. I wanted more. I fucking loved it. So good. It was really fucking good, right? Yeah. Yeah. It just really gets undersold as like a chick flick or like a, yeah. Oh, Jane Austen, where it's like, it's such a gorgeous unfurling of a film in front of You.


I, I know Vince would've loved it if he were home. Yes. Yes. I didn't need to watch it without him at all. So good. In fact, it probably would've been better with him. I don Dunno. What was Was your favorite part? The first dance dance party When he slams her and then she slams 'em back When they first go in. Yeah. And it's like, ah. And then it's also like, I know that actress. I know that actress. Yeah. I think every actress that's famous today. Yes. You know them. Yeah. The mom could have done without her Brenda Lesin. Well, that was the idea. I Know, I know. That's like the point. But Worst Mom ever. Yeah. Yes, It was. It was. Oh, and then like, I got choked up, actually got me like, you know, I don't cry, but when she fucking told him off when they were on the cliff for whatever. Yeah. Yep.


I got like emotional When she was like, And you dad, it's a, that was, I was supposed to take it as a compliment. Right. Even with my family and think I'm shit. I Can't believe I love you. Well, fuck you. Yeah. You know? Yes. It was very, it was good. That's Elizabeth Bennett. She does that in every circumstance. My favorite is also the first dance when she, 'cause I'm always like, how does one meet that type of rejection? Which everybody fears it. Yeah. How would you do that with a smile on your face and be like, even if their partner was a little plane or whatever. Right. Whatever the line is. And then walk away where it's just like you Devastating. Especially if it was Matthew and Den, you'd just be like, huh, how come I'm do Need that?


It's devastating. Devastating. She, She's kinda like, whatever. Yeah. She has so many good lines. Wait, here's my other best favorite part. Okay. Because also you should watch Vera, the British Detective Show because the mother plays a detective. Okay. And I also need to watch the other versions of Pro Prejudice. Oh yeah. Like, 'cause everyone had a fucking opinion. Yep. I'm not mad at them about this, I guess for once in my life. Oh, okay. Got it. So I wanna watch the other versions and find out for Sure. This series is great because it's a binge that then lasts. It's not just an hour and a half. Yeah. It's like however many episodes. I can't remember. And that's the great one with Colin Firth. Sure. He plays a different kind of Mr. Darcy though. I Don't know if I'd be attracted to Colin Firth.


Yeah. That's my feeling. Right. But Matthew McFadden's coming across that field at you. I didn't think I'd be attracted to him ever. And then, Oh Yeah. Those Pants, those fucking ah, Those Pants. That Hand. Yeah. But How about Dame Judy DE's Star turn. Yeah. I mean, when she comes to that house to be like, you tell me if you are marrying my nephew. Yes. It can't be born. It can't be born. And She's just like, I've got this. It's a perfect movie. Yeah. It's Good. I Enjoyed it. I'm so glad. So Here, so we're here. So here we are. Well stop acting mad 'cause I'm so glad. I'm so excited. Also, it's one of those ones where like, it's a go back to because there's things you missed.


Oh. Also we are not even mentioning what Perfectly prepared potatoes. That part where the Yes. The priest cousin comes And that guy, guy, He saw the weird cousin was so good. He's the, and do you remember, do you know he was from season two, white Lotus, the bad gay that Jennifer Coolidge was hanging out with. Oh my God. Same actor. He's an Eighties actor too though, isn't he? He's been around for a long time. But he is like one of the best of the best. My God. In England. Oh my. He's the bad gay. Yes. Yes. Tom. These bad gays. That's a line from it. We're not. Yes. Fucking yes. That's Jennifer Coolidge. Yeah. Being quoted. These gays are gonna kill Me. Woo. That's good. Oh, I'm overjoyed. Okay, Good. But let's, what do you have? What have you got?


What? Let's move on from perfectly Prepared potatoes. I won't, I'm just gonna keep misquoting the movie, which driving people who really know every word to the movie. Yeah. But people on TikTok have made t-shirts with him on it. And then it says, what perfectly Prepared potatoes Wish. I wish I could remember it, but it's like, it says what perfectly prepared potatoes. Right. And it's just like him looking down. That's good. Like, like it's a fan shirt kind of. Yeah. I Love it. So good. Can I just let you know real quick? Yeah. What excellent boiled potatoes. Thank you. Is the phrase, and it's Tom Holland. Thank you Molly. Molly, thank you. Wait, did you know what excellent boiled potatoes off the dome? I had to Google if I am gonna be clean about this. Yes. Please always be clean.


There's no reason not to. Thank you for that. There's no shame. I just did it wrong eight times in a row. You get to do it wrong if you want to. What? Excellent. Boil potatoes and what Excellent. And what a perfectly appointed room. Something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Just like bad, small talk. It's good. So good. Okay. I'm so glad. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you guys for fucking yelling at me until I did it. It was for my own good. Right? It's for my own good. Do You feel different? I feel More open-minded to movies like that. I Okay. Then I have A recommendation. Okay. There's another one and there's a couple versions of it, and it's called Persuasion. Okay. Someone else mentioned that in the comments. The Original persuasion is so good.


Okay. And it is one of those love stories of like, it's too late. She, she made the wrong call and she lost him forever. Devastating. Okay. But But did she? Our Jane Austen doesn't devastate permanently. Okay. And it is so beautifully acted. And it's the same thing where you're in this place, it's so real. These houses that these estates, they live on whatever. And like what the, what it does to people, what people are like, I don't know. Yeah. Okay. It's, it's great Vera and Persuasion. I will do that. And You don't have to watch, you don't have to go all the way into Vera. You'll just be blown away at what an amazing actress Brenda Ble is because she's like a completely different person. And not that mother is like the kind of mother that would say a thing that would humiliate you and the whole family in front of as many people as possible.


As like, oh, I have one of those. It's hard. Oh, I've met one of those before. It's painful. And not even on purpose. That's the No. Like I feel like I have to say that. Like not on purpose. No, just, that's your personality, right? It's tough. Yeah. Yeah. She's a little, she's squeamish. Yeah. Okay. Well, should we talk about merch for one second? Oh sure. Okay. Because it's fucking hilarious This week. Well, This is very exciting. So we each got to design our own merch. Didn't get to, we just fucking did it. And then Nicole's like, that should be real merch. And we were like, okay. So I designed, my pitch was, hello, my name is, and then the name would be sucked because that's the one I got.


Superintendent. I got it wrong. It was episode 4 65. You're kidding. Yourself sucked. So, hello, my name Isst is now available as a mug and a cozy. And I have both right here with me. Although my name is Sep with my terrible handwriting. That's Georgia's script. My actual scroll, truly Her design. So then I also designed some merch and essentially people were saying that after the election, my, me quoting my dad who said, we just have to Sally forth, was people were really liking that online. So Nicole suggested we make shirts of it. And she's like, what do you want the shirt to look like?


And so I picked up a tiny legal pad and just very quickly sketched it and said, what if it was something like this? Just like a little cartoon head of my dad saying that. And then she was like, sounds good. What if we just do it exactly the way you wrote it? So in this same vein and in the same spirit of George's merch, we have t-shirts that are my hand drawn picture of my dad. So Good. Which literally looks exactly like him. It does. It totally does. Saying We're gonna Sally fourth. Yeah, That's per, that's a perfect shirt. That's Pretty great. I feel like for us in merch. Yeah. This is where we wanna be. Yeah. Like this is, it strikes a good balance, I think. I think so. This is your summer merch. Guys. Bring this to the beach.


I don't know. I mean, you could, do you want it on a towel? Do You go to the beach? You like, oh, my name is sucked on a towel. Oh, fun. That's a Great idea. I actually love that. Do you go to the beach? Do you go? Do you like sand in your toes and in your car and in everywhere. Everywhere. Everywhere. Purse. People Are like, we do. Yeah. People Do All summer long. Should we do the rest of the Exactly right. Updates while we're here? Sure. We should. We have a network and it's called the Exactly Right. Podcast Network. And here are some of the updates. Well, this is the big one. MFM Animated is brand new. Nick Terry brings us the story of Peachy, the bitter little bird That it's my favorite.


I say that every fucking time. It's my favorite. Yeah. This one is beautiful. It Has so many. I get peachy. Pulls a switchblade on me in it. Yeah, it's great in honor. I mean, no spoilers, but Georgia's physically threatened by a Small bird. I'm honored to be physically threatened by Peachy. So you can go find it on YouTube right now. It's at youtube.com/exactly Right. Media. And there are also 70 other episodes of MFM animated. So if you like this one, you might the other ones too. Yes, Please follow us on YouTube. It's very helpful. And while you're there on YouTube, we've also got full episodes of Buried Bones. This Podcast Will Kill You. And the little podcast called My Favorite Murder. There's tons of videos, guys. We're making them for you.


Please go check that out. youtube.com/exactly. Right. Media. Thank you. The end.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris. The cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap. Or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first. All a electric SUV with three rows. Finally, space, even in an ev, the Iion nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful Iion nine rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC Ultra Fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


If your idea of spring cleaning means getting rid of every single piece of furniture that you swore was temporary four years ago, article is here to help. Article makes it easy to create a stylish, long lasting home at an unbeatable price. And thanks to their online only model, they have some unbeatable prices too. Article offers a curated range of mid-century modern, coastal and scandy inspired pieces that not only shine on their own, but also pair seamlessly with other article products. This thoughtful approach to design makes it incredibly easy to mix and match, helping you create a space that feels cohesive and stylish. Article takes great care and curating its collection, focusing solely on high quality, meaningful pieces that will stand the test of time. There's no filler. Every item is chosen for its craftsmanship, design, and lasting value. An article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get a choose your delivery time, and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye


Temperatures are starting to rise, which means you're setting your baseline level of sweaty right now. And it only gets worse from here. That's exactly why you need close that breathe look good. And we keep you together until September. That's Quince. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen, shorts and dresses starting at $30 plus luck, swimwear and Italian leather platform sandals. The Best part. Everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, Quince gives you luxury without the markup. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. It's that time of year where the weather's changing. And I realize how few short sleeve shirts I have, and I truly logged on to Quince this morning. They have all these beautiful linen shirts, all these beautiful cotton shirts, stuff where you're like, I don't wanna be hot. And this is gonna help me so much. Beautiful Linen in the summer is my favorite. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye.


All right, so it's summer. We need some mental health time off. And so Karen is gonna tell you a story this episode. Yeah, we're gonna do some solo episodes, solos, get our homework done and go on vacation. Yeah. I have a story for you that the book that was written about this story I have recommended on this show so many times. It was one of those things where I was like, well, I just read the one book and I like the one book I did a similar thing with the man, the Man from the Train. Yeah. Which I love so much. But I also did this with Casey SEPs book, furious Hours Murder Fraud, and the Last Trial of Harper Lee. Oh. So today I'm going to tell you about that. The case behind that book.


So it starts off in the late seventies in the small town of Alexander City, Alabama. And a local literary icon has just moved to town. It's none other. Then Alabama native and world famous author of Tequila Mockingbird Harper Lee. At this point, Lee has won the 1961 Pulitzer for that book, which quickly became an American classic. And Harper Lee became a household name. But instead of embracing that celebrity, she became even more private and she bucked the literary world's expectations. She didn't capitalize off the immense success of her book and immediately cranked out a second novel. She just kind of like receded. So basically now 20 years have passed since to kill a mockingbirds publication.


And Harper Lee has never indicated that she's doing anything else until now. Because Lee has come to Alexander City on a mission. She's setting up interviews throughout town and scribbling down notes all about a string of suspicious deaths and a particularly sensational murder trial that took place there in Alexander City. Harper Lee has been transfixed by this case. She tells her friends, it might be the story that pulls her out of her hiatus. She's even come up with a title for the book that she plans to write about it. It's called The Reverend. This is the story of Reverend Willie Maxwell, a black Alabama preacher whose family members keep dying under mysterious circumstances.


Wow. I totally downloaded the audio book and then didn't listen to it. So this is good for me. This is a vacation. Listen. Exactly. We Build and build on these recommendations. Right. So of course, Casey SEPs, furious Hours, the book all about this case is the main source. Please order it from your local independent bookstore. Hey. Or get it from the library, everyone. Sure. Check it out. And the rest of the sources are in our show notes. If you wanna see. What else Are you quoting? The poster that in the library that says, check it out. Check it out. And that has like the stack of books. Were you doing that on purpose or that just happened? It's probably came out of my childhood memory. 'cause it's like a stack of books. Is there a check mark anywhere on there?


Yeah, I think at the top. But it's like check. 'cause you check out books. It's like a Winky thing. Yeah. And I think a book is flying open. A winky thing is just A little winky thing. Hey librarians, if you have a good check it out poster at your library. Will you send us a picture Of it? Oh my gosh. Tag sent. Post your photos of Check it out and check it out. Tag us. And If you think you have the oldest, check it out poster. Yes. Like the most vintage, please let us see it. Yes, please. Let us have our, our like childhood memories come back to us. Okay. Nice one. Okay. Side content. Okay. So we begin in the summer of 1977 years before Harper Lee arrives in Alexander City. It is the 3rd of August. And the body of Mary Lou Maxwell, a woman in her early forties, has just been found in her car on the side of a rural two lane road called Highway 22.


And that's just outside of Alexander City. Mary Lou's husband of 20 years is a man named Willie Maxwell, a sharply dressed, captivating man in his mid forties who's off and described as being elegant. He's also a Reverend Willie preaches at various churches and revivals throughout the area. And author Casey Sep writes in Furious Hours that quote, there wouldn't be anybody nicer to you conversation wise, people said of him, you'd think that man came from heaven. He was so smooth. Oh. So when Mary Lou is found dead, the reverend's reputation takes a huge hit. And for good reason, her death is as suspicious as Willie's behavior.


So for example, the night Mary Lou is found dead, Willie calls the police and claims that he's worried she might have been in an accident. He then directs the police straight to her car, broken down on the side of Highway 22. So not just a theory. Yeah. When the police arrive, it's obvious that Mary Lou was not in a car accident. Her vehicle shows no signs of damage. The surrounding trees are untouched, and it looks like the car has simply pulled off the highway and been parked by the side of the road. But Mary Lou's body has clearly been brutally attacked and strangled. Mm. There's blood everywhere, including on the outside of the car, which is hard to explain in a supposed crash. Right. Plus rope is found on the ground nearby, which may have been used as the murder weapon.


Hmm. It then comes to light that things were tense between Willie and Mary Lou. He'd been cheating on her with lots of different women. And at the time of her death, the Maxwells were in tens of thousands of dollars of debt. Wow. Then investigators get bombshell information from the couple's neighbor. Her name is Dorcas Anderson. She's in her late twenties. So Dorcas tells police around 10:00 PM on August 3rd, Mary Lou had stopped by in a panic saying she'd just received a call that Willie was involved in a bad car accident coming home from a preaching gig, And that he'd crashed somewhere off of Highway 22. Okay. So Mary Lou says to Dorcas, I'm on my way to go get him. But suspiciously about an hour after this, Willie comes home in a car with no Visible damage.


Mary Lou is not with him, and Mary Lou never comes back. Hmm. So all of that looks bad for Willie, but it gets even worse when he immediately tries to cash in on several of the life insurance policies that he had taken out on her. Yikes. At that time, it was very easy to take out life insurance policies. Yeah. All you needed was a name, a birthday, a social security number, and a talent for forgery. If you're doing it behind someone's back, They had machines like cigarette machines for life insurance at the airport back then at airport. Like you just put a quarter in The worst feeling. Yeah. Also, what a brilliant person to think of those machines where it's like totally, you know, where you get real anxious about life and death.


Horrible. Yeah. Okay. So most of these policies were very cheap for Willie to file, yet they promised to pay out thousands of dollars in the event of Mary Lou's death, and some had been taken out on her right before the day she died. So before long, Willie Maxwell is charged in his wife's murder. He hires a white attorney named Tom Radney to defend him. Despite the overwhelming circumstantial evidence against Willie, he winds up being acquitted after the prosecution's key witness who is dork is Anderson changes her testimony. Suddenly Dorcas claims she can no longer remember what happened the night that Mary Lou killed. So now, even though the people of Alexander City are deeply suspicious of him, Willie Maxwell walks away a free man.


And with Tom Rodney's help, he also becomes a rich man because he's able to cash in on his dead wife's insurance policies. Oh wow. The insurers fully believe that Willie killed Mary Lou. So they are reluctant to pay, but when they don't, Rodney files civil suits against them and ultimately forces their hand. It's unclear exactly how much Willie makes off these policies, but we do know that he gets a handful of checks that add up to thousands of dollars, and then he splits the money 50 50 with his attorney. Hmm. So then like a twist from a soap opera, Dorcas Anderson's husband dies and she becomes the next Mrs. Willie Maxwell.


Okay. See where this is going. Not great. So even after the mysterious death of his wife and the suspicion he's involved, Willie Maxwell somehow manages to keep on preaching, but he has to do it out of town where the congregants are not aware of the story. Then in February of 1972, about a year and a half after Mary Lou's death, Willie's 52-year-old brother, John is found dead on the side of the road about 10 miles outside of Alexandra City. And according to Casey Sep, John's cause of death is officially listed as a heart attack due to overconsumption of alcohol. But when it comes to light that Willie has taken out life insurance policies on his brother as well, locals begin to theorize that Willie forced his brother John to drink a lethal amount of alcohol and then left him for dead.


Oh My God. That's How do you, Hmm? Yeah. It would be so long and like horrible. Yeah. So the problem is that police can never prove that Willie Maxwell is involved. They simply don't have the evidence, which is something that the reverend's attorney hammers home when his client is taken in for questioning all good things. Most of the time for if people were like fighting for people where it's like, Hey, if you don't have evidence, like, yeah, no, but it's like, but there is evidence. Right? Just not. Yeah. So Willie is never charged with any wrongdoing, and because of that, the insurance companies have no choice but to again, pay him out and they are not happy about it. You don't want the insurance companies mad at you.


I just, you can't take insurance out for whomever you want. It just feels weird. It was The seventies though. Early seventies. Yeah, man. Might as well have been the 1720, I dunno what I'm talking about. I was only two. Okay. So then a few months later, in September of 1972, off a highway called Route nine, the new Mrs. Reverend Willie Maxwell Dorcas Anderson is found dead in her car. Oh dear. In an eerily similar way to how Mary Lou Maxwell was found. Dorcas is only 29 years old at the time, and by all accounts, she was a very healthy woman. Her autopsy notes bruises on her shoulders and elbows, as well as a cut above one of her eyes and twigs and leaves stuck in her shoes, which could point to some sort of violence or struggle.


But her death is deemed a natural one. So even though Dorcas and the Reverend had only been married for about a year, Willie had taken out about 20 life insurance policies on his new wife, all of which were almost certainly done behind her back. Yeah. Okay. He's just 20 Gangbusters here. So Dork Is' loved ones are certain that the reverend is responsible for her death, but because it's not deemed a homicide, and with the case against Willie being entirely circumstantial, no charges are ever filed. So for a few years things are quiet. The Reverend winds up marrying for a third time and this time to a woman named Ophelia. But little more than three years after death in February of 1976, Willie's 22-year-old nephew, James Hicks, is found dead in his car off of Route nine.


What the fuck? The same highway where Dorcas was found. Authorities to this day have never determined James's cause of death. His car and the area around it don't have any signs of damage. And an autopsy will show that James only has a tiny bit of alcohol and caffeine in his system. He has a few small cuts on his arms, legs, and chest, and one on the inside of his mouth. But they aren't the types of injuries that would kill someone. Hmm. James' widow Mary tells investigators she is certain Willie Maxwell is responsible. She even claims that his new wife, Ophelia, had been calling trying to get James's social security number before he died. Come on. So police track down the two local men who tell them about their very damning interactions with the Reverend one claims.


Willie tried to recruit him into committing a murder. The other claims that Willie admitted to killing people with pills containing some sort of poison that he would dissolve into whiskey. So the police collect all that information about Willie Maxwell's activities, but they don't arrest him. Probably because they would need harder evidence than just hearsay. And they know this lawyer's gonna be like waiting right there. Yeah. But until then, increasingly horrified. Locals fear that Willie Maxwell is going to keep on getting away with murder. And then one year later, in mid 1977, Willie's 16-year-old stepdaughter, Shirley Ann Ellington, Ophelia's child is found along a nearby highway near Willie's car.


Geez. At some point the evidence is that everyone you freaking know dies. Yes. That's the evidence your Immediate family keeps being killed. Yeah. Like, but unlike the other suspicious deaths, Shirley Ann is not discovered inside the car, she's actually been crushed underneath it. Ooh. So the police think this scene is staged because it's supposed to look like Shirley Ann died in a terrible accident while changing a tire. But none of the tires on the car are flat. And Shirley Ann's hands are very clean while the tools she would've been using are very dirty. That Yeah. That's the kind of stuff that's insulting where it's like you're not gonna Right. Even stage this with any energy. You're just gonna put all the things together and Yeah.


Be like, it'll work again. You don't even Yeah. 'cause you know, you can get away with it. Yeah. On top of that, Shirley is found about a mile from her house. It wouldn't make sense that she wouldn't just walk home instead of attempting to change a car tire. Totally. So this is now the fifth suspicious death of someone connected to and actively insured by Reverend Willie Maxwell. By this point, the Reverend has collected around $90,000 from insurers. Oh my God. Would you like to guess how much money that is? This is 1977 And it's how much 90 It's accrued from, it's $90,000 accrued from 1972 to 1970. In today's money, I'm gonna guess that is 210, 750,000 foot, almost a million dollars.


Wow. Yeah. Okay. That was way off. I know. When I looked at that number, I was like, whoa. But it's the seventies. Yeah. Which I wanna tell myself was 20 years ago, It was not What, so at this point, the reverend's reputation is fully in the gutter. He's now, basically, his name is like, he's the local boogieman. Everyone who knows about him can't stop talking about how he's just actively getting away with murder scot-free. Many people see him as a criminal, working the system in such a way that he's able to evade the consequences for murder and he's making money. Others need a better explanation. So they start blaming voodoo and whooo. There's some overlap, but they are essentially different things. Yeah. In popular culture, they have been conflated for years because it's from back in the seventies, these two terms are used interchangeably and most of the reporting that Marin found.


Yeah. But it is worth noting that these have been extremely misrepresented in popular culture for a long time. Voodoo is a formal religion. It blends traditional West African religious practices with Catholicism. Whereas Hoodoo is the African American tradition of folk magic and medicine strongly associated with the south. Hmm. So we don't know if Willie practices either hoodoo or Voodoo, but as author Casey Sep explains in furious hours, historically, it wouldn't have been that unusual for a black Christian preacher in the rural south to be echoing elements of voodoo in his ministry. Yeah. In these same rural areas, folk medicine associated with hoodoo like herbal remedies and tices, often filled in critical healthcare gaps for both black and white clientele.


So by the 1970s, voodoo and hoodoo have been derided and condemned by racist whites for so long. The popular culture comes to misunderstand them as just creepy and nefarious. All that trickles down to the people in Willie Maxwell's world. So they start making all kinds of wild claims about the reverend having supernatural powers. One rumor claimed that he could turn into a black cat at will. Right. They're just trying to explain how somebody could be getting away with this and just like basically kind of scamming the justice system. Yeah. But ultimately it's 'cause the insurance policies give him money to pay for a lawyer. Right. That's fighting for him. It's like that's how the rich always never go to jail.


Totally. I'll tell you a thing or two about it. So in June of 1977, Willie Maxwell makes the bold choice of attending his stepdaughter Shirley Ann Ellington's funeral. About 300 people attend this ceremony. One of the mourners is Shirley Ann's 36-year-old uncle, a man named Robert Burns. Robert Burns is known as a very decent man. He's a loving dad. He is a veteran from the Vietnam War. He's very hardworking, long-haul trucker, a very loyal husband to his wife of eight years, Vera. But Robert is also very close with his niece Shirley Ann. So during this funeral, he stuns everyone in attendance by pulling out a gun and in front of hundreds of witnesses shooting 52-year-old Reverend Willie Maxwell in the head.


Killing him. What? At The funeral. Oh Man. I wasn't expecting that. Right. Wow. It's a, it's a real turn. Midpoint. Yeah. Oh my God. So the reverends buried. One week later, Casey Sep reports quote, his funeral was one of the most well attended in this part of Alabama. Hmm. What people say about why they went is to make sure that he was really dead. Wow. So they could see him in the casket and verify that he was actually dead because they didn't think he could be killed. Holy shit. Yeah. I mean, that's just, wow. Imagine your beloved niece And you just know who did it and you know he's gonna get away with it.


And you Saw coming. Yeah. And he did it to those other women where it's like Dorcas was totally just a witness and suddenly she's probably got love bombed and pulled in. Yeah. Yeah. Horrible. So now in death, Reverend Willie Maxwell's notoriety has expanded far beyond Alabama attracting reporters from all over the country. And this is when Harper Lee reads about the reverend's murder in the newspaper. And of course immediately is like, what is going on? I have to know more. So it's a well-established fact that Harper Lee is a true crime fanatic. Casey Sep mentions a quote Lee once gave about the infamous acts murder, Lizzie Borden, where she jokingly empathizes with her saying quote, I know exactly why she did it.


Anyone burdened with long petty coats and having had Muttons soup for breakfast on a day like that was bound to have murdered somebody before sundown. Yikes. That's our girl. That's our Harper Lee. She is just like Got it salty. She's a little salty. She Is a salty lady played by Sandra Bullock. Oh. In, in the movie The Truman Capote movie. Oh, right. Interesting. So we know Harper Lee is deeply interested in the themes that lie at the heart of the Reverend Story. Things like Southernness race vigilantism, and the American justice system. All of those themes that ran through to Kill a Mockingbird. So it's not too surprising that she decides to move down to the Alexander City area so that she can immerse herself in the reverend's world while living there.


Lee interviews several people close to the case. She even develops a friendship with Willie's longtime attorney Tom Radney, who in another surprising turn in this saga, winds up defending Robert Burns after he's charged with the reverend's murder. Oh man, this guy's just like, I'll take anyone. Well, I think it's like, is he the only lawyer for a thousand miles maybe? Is it that feeling he's The only one that'll take black clients? Maybe. Maybe. Could it be that he was like, I was a part of this and this horrible thing happened and now I need to be a part of this? Yeah. Like atonement kind of. Yeah. Maybe balance the scales. Although his client is the one that got murdered. Right. It's an interesting turn. Yeah. So Tom Rodney exchanges extensive notes with Harper Lee, likely with the hopes that she'll write another bestseller that highlights him as a particularly savvy lawyer.


They also have some fun together. Years later, Tom Rodney's wife Madeline will describe Harper Lee this way. She'll say, quote, I didn't spend nearly as much time with her as the men did. Harper Lee smoked and drank. And she had several four-letter words. She contribute to any conversation. I love That. And this, these are like southern women who like, we'll go out on proper on the porch while you men talk. And happily Lee, I guess you stay there too. Sorry, mid quote. But she had this really cute wit about her. She was smart, and I enjoyed just listening to her, just sitting back and listening to the conversation. Hmm. So she liked it. She was a fan. Okay.


So when Robert Burns trial kicks off in September of 77, he pleads not guilty by reason of insanity. So Tom Rad is now tasked with one of the most difficult jobs an attorney can have. He not only has to prove Robert's insanity at the time of the reference's death, which is very hard to do in court, but he also has to defend a client who killed his victim in front of 300 witnesses. Right. Like that's not in question. Right. Okay. So there's no denying that part. But Rodney is of course, a very good lawyer, even though PTSD isn't something most people understood at the time. Like in the seventies. He relates Robert Burns temporary insanity in the courtroom to the trauma he endured while serving in Vietnam.


Wow. At the same time, Rodney plays on the public's anxieties around the power of voodoo, and he uses it to paint the Reverend as basically Robert's complete opposite. As Casey Sep puts it. Rodney establishes Willie Maxwell as quote, the Witchiest witch doctor and the voodoo ist voodoo priest the South has ever known a man so mysteriously powerful that no force of law could touch him, and so feared that no neighbor would look him in the eye. Hmm. So reporting from this time seems to take Tom Rads narrative here and run with it with Willie Maxwell becoming known as quote the Voodoo priest in some faraway newspapers. Okay. So it's a bit hypocritical.


Yeah. Yeah. It's to Take a turn like that it's, but maybe it's like, Hey, I was there in the front lines and like got involved with this guy. I don't know. Totally. So the trial lasts two days. Robert Burns is acquitted of the reverend's murder. Wow. Because the jury ultimately accepts his insanity defense. The courtroom reportedly bursts into applause at the verdict. Yeah. And that same year, the town of Alexander City names Tom Radney, the Man of the year. Wow. Yeah. And just so you get a full sense of Tom Radney, 'cause this is like, we're just making comments on this kind of singular thing. Yeah. Where it's like he of course probably had a hundred other clients and was, you know, yeah.


Whatever. So everyone knows attorney Tom Radney went on to serve in the Alabama state legislature, and he was a vocal advocate for civil rights. He passed in 2011 at age 79 after a long illness. So he was the real deal. And that way of, like you said, the only lawyer to represent black people at that time. Yeah. Or whatever it was he was doing. He kept doing it after all of this. Okay. Which is good to know. Yeah. And apparently Robert Burns is still alive and in his eighties. No way. Yeah. And he talked to Casey Sep as she wrote her book, and he's been quoted by reporters a few times over the past decade. That's so interesting. So with that, the story of Reverend Willie Maxwell comes to a close, but we're still not at the end of our story because the enduring mystery here involves Harper Lee, who, despite all evidence suggesting that she was writing a book on this case, never publishes one.


In fact, nothing she wrote in this era has ever surfaced, at least not publicly. Hmm. So while she was in Alexander City, Harper Lee conducted interviews including with Robert Burns after his acquittal. Yeah. Which imagine what that must have been like. Yeah. She took copious notes, she even sent pages of writing to Tom Rad for him to review. And later Arbor Lee's sister Louise will claim that she read the entire manuscript what of the book about this case. And Louise reportedly declared that book to be quote better than in cold blood. So it was written. Yeah. Oh my God. I mean, would her sister lie? Probably not. No. Because she'd want her sister to get the credit of like, oh no, she did it.


Yeah. And it was better than in Cold Blood. Blood. Oh God. Which speaking of we know Harper Lee was a very skilled reporter, and she proved this when she helped Truman Capote, her childhood friend from Monroeville, Alabama report on the Death of the Clutter family in 1950s, Kansas, the subject of the book in Cold Blood. And that book is a hugely important piece of American literature that helped legitimize true crime as a genre. But we also know Harper Lee's feelings about it were very complicated, mostly because of how close Truman Capote got. Right. With one of the murders in that case. And so author Casey Sep noted quote, well on the one hand, Harper Lee seems to have been out to write her own in cold blood.


There were very distinct ways in which she was trying to do something different. She had real concerns about Capote's book, about journalistic ethics. Right. The role of the reporter and the way true crime writers can come to sympathize with their subjects. Interesting. So Harper Lee once even wrote to Truman Capote's fact checker at the New Yorker expressing her fears that while they were working on in Cold Blood, it was in Harper Lee's words quote, more novelistic than nonfiction. She'd also written a letter to Gregory Peck who played Atticus Finch in the movie version of To Kill A Mockingbird. And she said to him, quote, my agent wants Pure Gore and autopsies, my publisher wants another bestseller, and I want a clear conscience in that I haven't defrauded the reader.


Wow. Yeah. Chutzpah and, what's the word I'm looking for? Character. Yep. Yeah. Good standards. Yeah. Like actually trying to stand for something. Yeah. Also, it makes it a little easier. She'd already gone through something before where it's like probably as they went through the in cold blood process, it was like, is this right or wrong? Right. This doesn't feel good, but I didn't say anything at the time. Yeah. She's the researcher, she doesn't get to tell the author what to do. Right. Totally. But then, but she gets to make her own adjustments. Yeah. Okay. So there's theories on why her book never saw the Light of Day. That's one of them that she like the ethics of it. Some have also speculated she might have been hamstrung by the fear of having to follow Up to Kill a Mockingbird.


Sure. Which, good Lord, I mean, stay sex and don't get murdered. How do we follow that up? We, we haven't And we don't. Others think she may have had really bad writer's block, or that her publishers didn't like the idea of a book that's centered around the lives of black people. Right. Ultimately, we don't know what happened to Harper Lee's writing about the Reverend Wooley Maxwell case and she will never get a chance to show us or tell us herself. In 2016, at the age of 89, Harper Lee passed away in her sleep. Someday someone could discover Harper Lee's work from Alexander City. Yeah. After all, many thought that she'd never publish anything after To Kill a Mockingbird. But then her book Go Set A watchman was released shortly before her death.


In the meantime, if you live in or near Alexander City, please go check the dusty corners of your grandparents' addicts because in 2009, a local man bought an encyclopedia from a Salvation Army and he found a handwritten note from Harper Lee buried inside What we don't know who the note was written to. It's dated June 11th, 1978, and it says this quote, you simply can't beat the people in Alexander City for their warmth, kindness, and hospitality. If I fall flat on my face with this book, I won't be terribly disappointed because of knowing that the time I spent with you was not time lost, but friends gained.


This is not remotely goodbye because I'll be coming back until doomsday. And that is the story of the alleged murders and murder of Willie Maxwell and the lingering mystery around Harper Lee's the Reverend. Wow. Okay. Now I fucking know that story. Thank you. What happened to the book? The idea that she left a note in an encyclopedia for somebody to discover 40 years later. Yeah. Is so badass of her. Yeah. She knew that feeling. Yeah. She's like, I need to write a love letter to the city, but if I do it officially, they'll try to give me something and make it about me. Right. And I just want the actual people to know.


Yeah. So here. Oh God, so good. That's So good. And yeah, She wants a reader to know. Yeah. And They found treasure. Yeah. Everyone like in your attics and go buy things at garage sales. And If you live in Alexander City, will you please send us any of your theorized Harper Lee. Yeah. Treasure. It's like I found this manuscript in my grandma's nightstand. That was an incredible great job for a solo. It had everything you'd want and more. That's how we do these solo episodes we provide, provide, provide that. We get the hell out because we fucking Sometimes need a moment. Do You understand this? I don't understand why it's been nine and a half years Nonstop.


It's A lot. A lot of podcasting. We love it. We're not complaining. We do love it. We're So grateful. But man, it's nice to just have like two weeks. Yeah. Not worry about stuff. You know, you do it from your job. Right. So we're doing it from our job. I mean, look, people, we just took a week off. I mean, yeah, we do this sometimes. Yeah. But definitely any complaints, please write to get that. Can you bleep that I really email address?


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris, the cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap. Or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful ionic nine rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC Ultra Fast charger and CC S adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air And that means open windows outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But With Active Guard Outdoor Protection, SimpliSafe to monitor monitoring agents closely, watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I get That ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady, or like, you know, walking up my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit Simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's Simplisafe.com/aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye.


Goodbye


Cat. People don't mess around when it comes to their pets. I've seen them act that way on the internet. So if you're Serious about your cat, it's time to start using a litter that loves cats as much as you do. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight, low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. It's the cat litter that gives you peace of mind. Their crystals will change color to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infections and kidney issues. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I love that you get this like small box of cat litter and you're like, that's not gonna last me long. And I know that because it doesn't make my back hurt when I carry it into my cat box area. But lo and behold, it's such good litter that one bag does last up to a month. It's so crazy. It's such good litter. It makes your house not stink. It's all the things Dream come true. Right now, save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy@prettylitter.com slash mfm. That's Pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Pretty Litter cannot detect every feline health issue or prevent or diagnose diseases. A diagnosis can only come from a licensed veterinarian. Terms and conditions apply Seaside for details. Goodbye.


Okay, well this is a special occasion 'cause we're starting to do this thing. We've been doing our hoorays where everybody writes them in on the show, but now today We're Doing it in the Car. We're doing the honking arrays. That's right. So this is presented by Hyundai. We really appreciate you bringing us here and giving us this lush car to sit in. The Gorgeous Iion five. Here we Go. I drive this. This Is actually Karen's car. Do you wanna go first? Sure. Okay. My hooray is that today is my one year sober anniversary. Wow. It's been pretty hard given the state of things, but facing it sober means I can do the work that needs to be done. Wow. That's from Instagram, from at Avon. Gale Avon. Gale's doing it even in the midst of full global meltdown. That's right. That's That's important work. That's True. It's a hard time to be doing it, but you're Doing it. You're doing good work. So the subject line of this email is Hooray. I'm a pi. Okay. Okay. It says, my hooray is that I just completed my associate's degree in biology and got a job as a private investigator. Those are different. That's so Cool though. It is very, this is a person who's living the full range of life. Multifaceted. I've been listening since I was 14. I'm now 21. What? How? Why Is that math right and working. It's like liar. And working on my bachelor's degree in forensic science. Oh my God. Thank you for helping me find my future career. Hopefully working in DNA testing. There was no name signed on this, but Molly, our producer, Molly has a theory that they left their name off because they're a pi. Oh Yeah. Because they're smart. That is so badass. Yeah. Amazing job. Good job. Very cool. Okay. This is an email. It says, tonight I'm sitting crisscross applesauce on the floor of my new home folding laundry while my future husband and the love of my life is putting our baby girls to sleep. Two different people. No questions. Sorry. Sorry. So many people have thanked you over the years for your kindness and your advocacy and your willingness to talk about mental health. So I am just another one in the bunch, but it's a large part because of you and because of this community that I made it here And that my children are here. Hooray. Melanie. Heart emoji and then it says ps. My husband suggested naming our next child son after his father Gary. Baby. Gary. Baby Gary. It says, I simply cannot LOL. I think if you name your child, Gary, we have merch for you. We do. I know there is merch waiting for you. If you send us the birth certificate and proof. Yes. That you named your child Gary. We need pictures of the face. Yeah. We need pictures of The feet and the birth. Okay. This email, the subject line is Hooray. A dog, a dude in England, and it says Haya. After 33 years of being a hopeless, non-romantic last year, against all odds, I somehow met and fell for a sweet charmingly, befuddled Englishman and fellow teacher living in Tucson, Arizona. Wow. So naturally, after only a few months of dating, he told me he decided to move back to the UK at the end of the school year. Well cut to the hooray. I packed up most of my life and moved to England this past New Year's Eve. Wow. While it turns out that teaching is brutally hard on both sides of the Atlantic, I'm loving building a little British life with this kind and unexpected man, but the real hooray. I'm riding this from the airport on my way back to the States to reunite with my dog, my best friend of nearly nine years, to finally bring him back across the pond with me. Aw. You'd not believe the hoops required to move a dog to the uk. Yeah, I bet. But I'm endlessly grateful to my wonderful sister for taking care of my Henry while I figured it all out. Stay sexy and choose adventure over pragmatism every now and then Katie. I Love that I have little British life. Build that British life. Fill it with scones and, and be funment. Okay. This is from her email. Hi. My MFM Queens, my hooray. Is that March marked four years being a registered nurse. Wow. Before my nursing career, I was a teacher for four years and slowly fell into a deep depression. In 2018, I made the decision to go back to school for nursing and I haven't looked back since. Now I have four years in as an RN and I'm happier than ever. It's never too late to change your life around. Hooray, Christina. Yes, Christina. Yeah, that's so true. Yeah. Never too late. Nope. Also, if she just becomes a standup comedian now she's done every job in my family. Oh yeah. Oh, and fireman. Right, right. Okay. This is a combo because it's comment on episode 4 79, no bangs. They also fold. Hooray in here. It's from Instagram and it says, going through a really hard phase of life, but the joy from my kids is getting me through it. Aww. I got them new PJs the other day and my 2-year-old goes dinosaurs. Yay. I could have cried. So hooray for dinosaurs and amazing little humans. Aw. And that's at DH Leo seven. That's so Sweet. That's so sweet. I know. Imagine having little children that bring you joy. What's that like? What are we talking about? Is that it? That's It. Wow. We've done it. All right. Well, thank you Hyundai and thank you listeners for sending in your hoorays. Stay sexy and don't get Murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Heck and Molly Smith. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This Episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McGlashan and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on Xactly Right's YouTube page. While you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye Thinking Ev can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row, all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive. S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Taking care of yourself is hard enough without adding a blender and a bucket of spinach to the mix. Groons makes it simple to get your greens. No chopping, mixing, or pretending you like Kale required just eight daily delicious gummies packed with over 20 vitamins, minerals, and 60 whole food ingredients. They're vegan, gluten-free, and tastes like fruit snacks. Plus, there's Groons kids for the little ones, whether you're already into wellness or still figuring it out. Groons fits right into your routine. You've got nutrition gaps and Groons fills them. Use code MFM for up to 45% off. That's code MFM for up to 45% off. Groons. Get your greens the easiest way possible. Goodbye.