
This is exactly right.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Thinking EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Iion nine is Hyundai's first three row, all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed by clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver md. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye.


Hello And welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia Heart Stark. That's Karen Kiff. And we're here to just do a super quick little episode for you. Just a little solo. Just get this, let's get it out there. Let's get it done. Yeah, It's officially summer. We're enjoying the heat. Hope you are too. I Don dunno what's going on? Oh, I, I had food poisoning last night and I didn't, didn't sleep at all. Couldn't stop barfing. Oh, What was it? I always wanna know, but I know you don't. No one knows. Right. I'm trying to back time it and if it is the restaurant that my dad and I ate at together, it will break my heart.


'cause we eat there all the time and I love it. And I was just like, as it was starting, I was just like, no. 'cause I've had bad food poisoning once before and sorry, but remember that well, like, maybe I shouldn't name names, but I don't think these stores exist anymore. Remember that fresh choice in Highland Park? Oh yeah. It was like a, yeah, it was like a little grocery, like pre-made packaged stuff. Yeah. Right. Which when you first go into it, you're like, this is a dream come true. Totally. The person that can't cook and doesn't cook and Right. So I got a Chinese chicken salad from there, but the salad part wasn't lettuce. It was all cut up cabbage. And then like 24 hours later I literally thought I was gonna have to go to the hospital.


And since that time And that was 2010s. Yeah. Literally the word cabbage bums me out. Like I can't even think about it. So as I was trying to figure out where this came from, I was like, but when you find out there's gonna be a whole realm of things ruined forever for you. But I think that in general, lettuces and cabbages And that kind of thing is just like dangerous and way more than we think we realize. So it doesn't mean the restaurant gave it to you because they, that's true or bad. It's like just like One Unwashed Lettuce Leaf can like ruin everything. Also In these days it's just such a, you know, as we all talk about this dystopian nightmare we're sliding into when those like the stories of recalls, oh my God, keep on happening.


Oh my God. Because everything has just been like deregulated and like, yeah, everybody just do what you want. And it's just like, my God, Pick your level. Yeah. It's absurd. So I feel like that it's not, I always want someone to be like, it was this thing that I ate at this place so I can always avoid it. Right. Same with true crime where it's like, this thing happened and this thing happened. Now I can avoid it. You know? We all wish if only, if Only it's life isn't like that unfortunately. So I think you don't have to worry about the restaurant. And also, I don't know if this has ever happened to you when you're sick, but you watch a certain thing on TV and then the thing seems worse than like you're trying to enjoy it, but you're like, this represents all of my suffering. I can't hear the theme song to Oranges the New Black without getting depressed.


'cause I watched it in this really deep depression of my life back in the old apartment. Yep. And so what's that song, that beautiful song of the the opening is, I Love It. Is that a Regina Specter song? Yes. Yes. It's, you've Got Time by Regina Specter. I will cry, I will fucking just go into a deep depression if I hear that song. 'cause I watched that show. Yes. While I was depressed. And also that show, you go through that show. Yeah. I mean that is such a, an experience of a show. It's not like, you know, you're just kind of like total thistle thing. You're just like, oh my God, Noah, I'm also in prison now. I'm also trying to survive whatever. So it's so sad. Okay. It's a lot. Well, I'm sorry about your food poisoning.


Let's, hey, let's make this quick. Hey, we can do this. Look, I'm blessed to have food poisoning in this goddamn day and age. Here's kind of a cute thing, which is somebody wrote an email after the Harper Lee episode that I did, if you wanna hear it, because I said if anybody out there, the whole thing was about how Harper Lee was down in that town where Reverend Willie Maxwell was killing people. And people think that she may have been writing a book, nothing ever came of it. And then there was a part where somebody years later had found a note that she Had Right. Put into a encyclopedia, I think. Yes. At the local library. So I asked for if anybody has Secret Harper Lee treasure.


Oh, that they wanna share with us. Yeah. To please do that. So we got an email. Oh my God. And the subject line is Harper Lee Treasure. It just starts now. I wasn't able to search a dusty attic as Karen instructed in Alexander City for the missing Willie Maxwell manuscript. My apologies. Would you settle for a retired educator's basement? Safe in rural Missouri? Always. I mean, the idea of a basement safe is on par with safe deposit box at the bank. Right Dude. A safe Like what? Who? Who? Personal, safe has A fucking safe. That's so cool. I walked into my sister's garage when I was home and there was a safe in her garage and I was like, what the hell is she has a safe for? Could She rob a bank Or something?


It was the previous owners. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's just sitting out there. 'cause no one can move it. Did I tell you that when Vince and I way back, we were looking at houses to buy and one of them had a fur safe. That's how old the house was. It was like a climate controlled huge safe just for like this society ladies furs back in the twenties. Holy Shit. I know. And I was like, okay, I just want this. That is, this is amazing. Yep. Go in there. Lock yourself in. Watch orange. Just the new black. Get it taken care of. Okay, so we're still in this email. So basically they're apologizing. But would we settle for this, A basement safe in rural Missouri?


What we're saying to you right now, writer is that yes, the answer is yes. Back in the email. If so, your search will uncover the typewritten note of advice Harper Lee sent to my parents after my birth. What Then it says, backing up a bit, when my two educator parents chose to name their perfect firstborn me, they chose the name Harper. In 1993, when I was almost five years old, my father, the English teacher, wrote to Harper Lee with no expectation of hearing back as she lived a notoriously quiet life. To their surprise, she wrote back the following address to me. They actually sent a picture of this and it says, dear Harper, you are beginning a life in a world quite different from the world.


I know as a child, the only thing I can say is in your reading, if there are any books left to read instead of watch, always keep the best company. That way you can't go wrong with all good wishes. Harper Lee. Oh my God. And then back into the rest of it. They say, I've done my best to live up to this advice for the last 40 years and now get to foster the same passion for literary works with my own child. My namesake was right. Books make the best company. Stay sexy, protect the written word and libraries and make Harper Lee proud. All the best, Harper Z. Wow. What a like coincidence. Like what if that was I was Harper listening.


Oh my God. Beautiful. I know. I'd be like, I have an email. Incredible. I know. Here. Here you go. I'm Harper Z. You want this? And it's beautifully typewritten. Little note, gorgeous. Signed by Harper Lee at the bottom. I love it. So also, wouldn't you just love your dad for being that kind of forward thinking? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's Beautiful. Nice job. Cool. Should we do some highlights? Yeah. We have a podcast network. It's called Exactly Right Media. Here are some highlights before we begin over on Our podcast. The Knife. I cannot wait to listen to this episode. They're telling the harrowing story of Jackie Flug, who survived the hijacking of Egypt Air Flight 6 48 in 1985.


Incredible. And then we have an exactly right crossover for the ages. Roz Welcomes, that's messed up. Host Lisa Traeger back to Ghosted. They talk about ghosts, psychics, and one very dramatic haunting. And the two of them together, man, get ready to laugh. Oh, Get ready. Come on. Also, This week over on Bananas, Kurt and Scotty asked the eternal question, did you know that Andre the Giant led out a 16 second fart on the set of Princess Pride? I mean, what a great news podcast. Count 16 seconds and then yeah, Count it out. That's A long one. Hold your breath that long and see. See what happens. Oh my God. I can't wait to hear that whole thing. And Then this is really exciting.


So we have brand new merch based on the hit episode of MFM Animated. Look for a goth. You guys loved it. We love it. So you can get a ladies Muscle T or a unisex T featuring the gorgeous goth girl drawn by the great Nick Terry. And it says, look for a goth. So it's a kind of perfect for people who aren't goth, but wanna support the goth community. Yeah, it's perfect. You don't like all those piercings and the makeup. You don't have to do any of that. You can just wear a goth on your shirt. Yeah. There's also a decal that says, look for a goth that's designed by our in-house graphic designer, Vanessa Lilac. It's So good. It's like a little baby on board. Look for a goth triangle.


Yeah, it looks very official and it's basically like helping people out. So go to my favorite murder.com to check out the store. We have a lot of great mech in there, including that.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're route. And we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive. Using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to root. We're taking an old industry and making it fair root insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for tells


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Summer's here. And if you're over the age of 11, guess what? You still have to wear shoes. Mm. Might as well get comfortable with Bombas Getting serious about running Bombas. Athletic socks are designed to fight blisters wick sweat and keep you comfortable whether you're on mile one or marathon training. If You're planning your summer vacation, they even have socks that can make international flights bearable. Bombas compression socks help curb aches and keep those legs energized for all the sightseeing ahead. Headed To a wedding, Bombas has ultra soft dress socks that work with heels or hard soul shoes so you can stay comfy and keep dancing. And You know what goes great with new summer socks, fresh white t-shirts, waterproof slides, and a few pairs of buttery soft underwear. Bombas makes all of that too. That's really true. I actually got some t-shirts and some underwear the last time we got sent some Bombas stuff 'cause I have so many of their socks and love them and all of the other stuff is as high quality, just like it's your go-to thing. Super soft, super comfortable, great to wear. It is. I Love those undies. Sorry I said undies. Head over to Bombas dot com slash mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm code MFM at checkout Bombas Dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. Goodbye.


So today, this episode comes out on Juneteenth the day that marks the ending of slavery in the United States. And so I saw a TikTok on an incredible woman. So today's story is about a remarkable woman born into slavery in 1830s North Carolina. And because of this and the erasure of black accomplishment by a racist establishment, there are gaps in what we know about her life. But luckily in recent years, historians have worked very hard to change that searching archives and pouring over old documents to find information and basically piece her life story together.


So because of that reporting, I'm able to tell you today the amazing story of heroic civil war nurse Lucy Nichols. Whoa. So the sources for the story that Marin used are the research of Pamela Peters, Curtis Peters and Victor McGinty, and the reporting of Dr. Eileen Yak, who published a book about Lucy called the Tenacious Nurse Nichols. And the rest of the sources are in our show notes. Lucy's life begins in April of 1838 when she's born into slavery in Halifax County, North Carolina. She's owned by Jacob and Sally Higgs and because that's the way it worked back then, she's forced to take their last name as her own.


So technically her legal name is Lucy Higgs. We don't know the names of Lucy's parents or the details of what her day-to-day life was like. Much of what historians have cobbled together comes from the Higgs as legal documents. And those legal documents purely speak of the people that they owned as inventory. So it is right how many of them the cost, the names, and they track her movements to the different households within the family, or they name her in legal disputes over which family member owns her. That's so crazy And awful. It's so horrible. But here is what we do know in 1839 when Lucy is an infant, Jacob and Sally Higgs 29-year-old son, Ruben claims legal ownership of her Lucy's 7-year-old brother Erin and her 4-year-old sister Angeline.


So before she's a year old, Ruben takes Lucy and her two siblings and a small group of other enslaved workers from the Higgs North Carolina property to his new home in Tennessee. It's unclear if Lucy's parents go with this group. But under slavery, families are constantly and very commonly torn apart. So when Lucy's eight years old, she and her sister Angeline are forcibly moved again after Ruben's wife. Eliza divorces him and moves to Mississippi and Marin makes the note. She says sort of an aside, but divorce would've been extremely atypical in the South in this era. Yeah. Which is the first thing I thought of where I was like, oh my God, this woman was like goodbye.


Yeah. I mean it even this wasn't done right, but we don't know why the marriage ended. We do know that Reuben ended up marrying his first cousin not long after. So then when Eliza dies, Lucy and Angeline are moved again to another Higgs property back in Tennessee in a town called Bolivar, not far from the Tennessee Mississippi border. And here Lucy Angeline and their brother Erin are reunited by 1860. Lucy is in her early twenties and now married to a man who is also enslaved by the Higgs family. They have a baby girl that they named Mona, And we know Mona's age because the Higgs 1860 property inventory list, she appears they're listed as infant.


That same document reduces Lucy and Mona's lives to a dollar amount. Together they are valued at $1,400. Wow. So it's presumed Lucy's husband is Mona's father, but of course very dark side of slavery is that there's always the disturbing possibility that Lucy was sexually assaulted by her white owner and became pregnant because of that. What we do know is that Mona's birth marks a very pivotal moment in Lucy's life. This is what historian Eileen Yk writes. She says, quote, the birth of Mona was undoubtedly steeped with mixed emotions, the pride and joy of a new mother and the fear and sorrow of a life bound into slave labor.


It offered Lucy the opportunity to love and be loved unconditionally. She experienced the instinct to protect her child. So it's kind of cool. It's like that driving force behind what the rest of the story becomes. So in 1861, the Civil War begins, and a year later in July in Kentucky, which is directly north of Tennessee, they're mostly under union control. And the Higgs family as Enslavers probably are starting to feel the walls closing in. Yeah. So they start talking about trafficking their enslaved laborers further south where they can be sold for tens of thousands of dollars each. Wow. Lucy knows what this means.


She will wind up deeper in Confederate territory and farther away from the possibility of freedom if she would ever want to try to flee to a union state. And because of that, it's almost guaranteed she'll be separated from her loved ones, including her baby daughter. So Lucy and a few of the other people enslaved by the Higgs family plan, their escape and bravely set out at night in the summer of 1862. So we can assume the group is very small. Lucy's thought to be the only adult woman in it, which means her sister Angeline did not go with them. But historians believe Lucy's husband is a part of the group, And we know for sure Lucy is carrying Mona with her on this.


So how frightening to be an escaping slave with a baby. Totally. I mean, and Eileen Yak writes this. She says quote, Mona was only two or three years of age then a bright-eyed and merry child whose sweet chatter or loud whales of fear could jeopardize their escape. But in the sweltering heat of a Tennessee summer, Lucy swaddled Mona in her gown and snuck away in the cover of night. Wow. So like many escaping slaves, the group almost certainly uses the stars to navigate north. It's unclear if they have a more specific destination in mind other than just going north, but they would be making their way through Breyers and bushes a lot of the time.


Barefoot, which is the thing I didn't really think of until now are just like getting out with what you have. It's not like they had a bunch of stuff that they could take with them or Totally. It's worst case scenario, of course, in every way they're trying to keep hidden in wooded areas. A lot of it would be unfamiliar, definitely hostile territory, and it'd be easier for them to get turned around or lost, which could of course lead to them being recaptured and then brutally punished. Of course. Yeah. So this group makes it three miles When they arrive outside a union army camp, this camp houses hundreds of soldiers making up Indiana's 23rd volunteer regiment.


The soldiers come from a town called New Albany, Indiana, more than 300 miles from their current post in Tennessee, major will later describe Lucy and her group as quote Dusty and footsore from the long and hurried journey. Ah Bet. Some sources say the group traveled 30 miles, but experts on her life say it was more likely three miles either way in the middle of the night. No, just trying to get away. No shoes. My God. I mean all the things. It's like all a hundred miles. Yeah. So of course the Higgs is know immediately when the slaves escape. So they're already in pursuit of this group.


So now Lucy and the group are in the horrible position of having to beg these white union soldiers to help protect them from their enslavers. Because even a union camp is a threat to freedom seekers like Lucy Escape slaves risk assault and sexual violence, or being taken captive under the Fugitive Slave Act. And this is a federal law requiring that escaped enslaved people be returned to their quote owners and often resulted in a monetary reward. Yeah. It's the reality of it, right? Yeah. If you're being seen as less than human anyway, then no matter what side you're on, it's, you know. Right. It's that. But also the union soldiers could just turn them away.


Right. And basically say, we can't help you. I think people think that just 'cause it's like the union, they're not racist, and it's like they're still racist. Oh yeah. It's just not, I mean, it's a different flavor. That's right. Fortunately though, these union soldiers do the right thing. Great. When someone from the Higgs home does show up to the 23rd regiments camp, the men of the 23rd refuse to turn. Lucy and her group over there are theories that that's because of baby Mona. Hmm. Even these hardened soldiers wouldn't want to throw a small child to the wolves that way. And there are laws known as confiscation acts where union forces are technically allowed to seize any property being used to support the Confederacy.


And because enslaved people are seen as untreated like property, these freedom seekers can arguably be considered contraband of war. So the Higgs family are furious and there's a standoff, but the soldiers don't back down. And so the Higgs have no choice but to leave. I mean, it's a camp of soldiers all armed. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So Lucy then decides to stay at the camp, presumably because she doesn't have other options. They didn't have a final destination, and at least he or she can feed and care for Mona, who immediately becomes a rare source of joy for the regiment soldiers. Eileen Yak writes, quote, the soldiers would lovingly croon to the little girl to earn her giggles and glean what I know.


But of course, nothing's free. So Lucy and her husband have to work very hard for basic necessities if they're gonna stay at this camp. Yeah. Lucy's immediately put to work as a laund and a cook, while her husband would've likely been assigned manual labor jobs or even could be enlisted in black volunteer regimens. Eileen Yak says quote, it was essentially a different type of bondage that required work in exchange for protection provisions and the promise of freedom end quote. Within weeks that Indiana 23rd is instructed to pack up and move on to the next battle. They set up camp in southern towns where the fighting requires them. So Lucy's responsibilities begin to evolve within a year of her arrival at the regiment.


She becomes known for how good she is at soothing the sick and treating minor injuries, which are things she's learned as an enslaved domestic worker. So big part of her job and skills that she's basically already earned and learned. Yeah. Lucy's caregiving skills eventually catch the attention of the regiment's surgeon, Dr. Magnus Brucker, and he chooses her to serve as his right hand. Hmm. This is a critical and high stakes job that most doctors at the time would only consider another white man to be able to do. Yeah. Wow. This story keeps making me think of the Nick. Totally. Do you remember that series? The Nick Definitely looking at history. We just have no idea unless we study it.


Right. The details of that kind of stuff of like it's the accomplishment alone. She must have been incredible. Totally. To have this white surgeon be like, no, it's gotta be you. Yeah. You're the one that's gonna come and help me. But because war demands it out of sheer need, more and more women take on nursing roles often with no real training. And Lucr has experience Right. And has done it. So these women include Harriet Tubman and the founder of the Red Cross, Clara Barton, who were forced to learn everything in real time in wartime. Dr. Brooker then offers Lucy the unofficial title of Nurse and Promises she will eventually be compensated for her service.


Wow. So that promise really matters to Lucy because even though, of course her immediate world is consumed by the war, she's trying to make plans and prepare for her and Mona's future as free women.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're route And we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive. Using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for the tells


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


When you're driving. Nothing's better than binging on a podcast. Well, except maybe binging on rewards from Marathon. That's because you can earn at least 5 cents a gallon in rewards every time you fuel up. Saving up to a buck a gallon plus signing up is easy. Do it straight from the pump or@marathonrewards.com. So start binging on savings with rewards from Marathon today, and don't miss the Thomas Rut Better and Boot Tour this summer. Fuel by Marathon. I participate in locations, terms and conditions apply.


So Lucy takes the job, she immediately begins tending to gru some injuries. The soldiers are torn apart by grape shot, which are clusters of small cannon balls as well as musket fire that can easily shred muscle and obliterate bone. Oh my God. Lucy's right in the middle of the action. Later, a fellow soldier will describe her as quote, fearlessly going to the front to seek out wounded soldiers and officers all equal in her mind to administer water to thirsty mouths, pull away wounded soldiers and gently care for them. She witnessed men gasping their last breaths, whispering, comforts to them as their angel of mercy.


Wow. End quote. How Horrifying. Yeah. She's just immediately a full-time war medic. Yeah. At the front. Yeah. Yeah. Lucy also cares for the regiment through relentless waves of illness, and she shepherds many sick men to their death. 217 members of the 23rd regiment die during this war. 145 of them dying of diseases like dysentery, malaria and typhoid fever. Holy Shit. That's a, yeah. Big percentage. Yeah. So Lucy's constantly surrounded by death and chaos as well as dwindling food rations, filthy living conditions, and she still has Mona to take care of and worry about. Yeah. But she keeps marching forward with the 23rd regiment, and she's there around 30 battles.


Oh my God. She did 30 times. Can you imagine having the food poisoning you have right now, but in a war on the front with no. Yep. But people are just like, can you push this bone back into my arms so I can go keep fighting? Right. It's like it's really, can you give me two seconds? I just have to wretch. Okay. So the Louisville Career Journal later reports quote, she was sometimes at the rear, sometimes at the front, and often in the thickest of the battle as much as soldier as her male companions, except that she did not carry arms. She never received a scratch. Wow. Isn't that wild? Yeah. So Lucy's a nurse during the Battle of Atlanta where union forces capture one of the South's most critical cities, as well as Sherman's March to the Sea, which is the brutal push to the Georgia Coast that helps turn the tide of the war in the union's favor, which is So she's there for all the big ones.


Yeah. Damn. That's amazing. She's also present at the Battle of Vicksburg in 1863, where following a relentless 47 day siege, the union finally wins. It's seen as a turning point in the Civil War, but it comes with an enormous loss for Lucy because this is when Mona, who is now around three or four years old, dies. No, we don't know why you Didn't warn us. I know. I'm sorry. But this is a story of slavery and war. So it's a Okay. It's as bad as it it, The warning comes with the territory, But it's also like putting perspective on this life. This woman led. Yeah.


Under the greatest oppression. Totally. And in the worst circumstances, like going from slavery to the Civil War front lines. Sure. My God. Yeah. So we don't know how or why Mona dies. It is another detail of Lucy's life that is lost to time and to indifference. Given how rampant and lethal disease is during the war is very possible. Mona just gets one of these diseases. Yeah. Doesn't recover. It's also possible she was killed like nearly every other aspect of her life. We don't have Lucy's perspective on her daughter's death, but a member of the 23rd regiment will report that quote in the siege of Vicksburg after the city had been captured, our regiment was one of the first to go in and receive surrender.


Aunt Lucy followed in our wake a short time after her child died. It almost broke the mother's heart. The men too had grown to be so fond of Mona, and it was a severe pain that went through the entire 23rd. Oh My God, that's so touching. It's so sad. Yeah. The soldiers collect flowers from Mona's grave, and she's buried in Vicksburg alongside members of the regiment who were killed in that battle. Oh my God. It's believed that this is when Lucy's husband enlists in the war. Wow. Yak writes, quote, perhaps he was compelled to fight in honor of his fallen daughter, unable to bear the burden of her death as a passive bystander of the war effort.


But after his enlistment, Lucy will never see her husband again. Yak adds quote. While the war brought Lucy opportunity and the prospect of freedom, it also delivered intense personal tragedy. She left behind her siblings, lost her husband, and watched her beloved child die. In contrast to the perceptions that enslaved people were passive recipients of freedom bestowed upon them by Yankees. Lucy's story, like so many others, illustrates the intense self-sacrifice made by black men and women to attain freedom. They too went deep into the war zones working to survive bloody battles in a brutal civil war that tore the nation apart to reconcile its brutal past.


Hmm. That just makes me think of the movie Glory. If you haven't seen the movie Glory, you absolutely have to see that movie. It's so good. So about a year later in 1864, the 23rd Regiment is granted a 60 day furlough and heads home to New Albany, Indiana for the first time in years. And Lucy goes with them in Indiana. She's on free soil, and she could leave the war behind. But when that furlough ends, she decides to return to the front, perhaps because the regiment gives her something to focus on in her grief or maybe out of loyalty to the soldiers who've become like family to her. Yeah. So she has a chance. She makes it to freedom.


Yeah. And she goes back, damn. Either way, the 23rd regiment is active through the final days of the Civil War, which ends with union victory in 1865 when the troops marched through Washington DC and the Union's Victory Parade, which is known as the Grand Review, it's clear how much the men of the 23rd regiment respect Lucy. 'cause she marches right beside them as one of them. Oh My God. Stop. I know. After the war, the men urge Lucy, who is still only in her twenties to settle in New Albany, and she does it here. She becomes one of the few female members of the Grand Army of the Republic, which is an organization for union veterans, and she stays very close with her fellow soldiers while getting back on her feet.


She earns a living as a domestic worker and a nurse in some of their houses. Then when Lucy is around 32 years old, she marries a man named John Nichols, like Lucy. He's a black veteran of the Civil War. Their wedding is held at the Second Baptist Church in New Albany, which is a known stop on the Underground Railroad. And then they buy a house together. Lucy finally seems to have some long overdue happiness and stability, but one thing is missing. She has not been paid for all of the work that she did during the war, and her pension claim is denied. Oh shit. At this point, the US pension system is massive, actively paying out over 950,000 veterans and their families, some going all the way back to the Revolutionary War.


Wow. The payments eat up around 40% of our federal budget, and it's a commendable, progressive system in many ways, but it's also very flawed. More than 18,000 women who serve the union as hospital nurses. Laundresses and cooks are left out entirely, mostly because they don't have the official records that are required to actually get the government to sign off on their pension. Right. Shit. But remember, Lucy was hired by Dr. Brooker. So she is one of those thousands of women without formal paperwork outlining her service. But her bravery and determination isn't going anywhere. So in the 1890s, after her pension claim is denied, she starts a battle with the US government.


Damn. She Starts by filing a petition, which is one of the few documents we have actually written by Lucy herself. Oh. And in her voice. So it says, quote, I served as a nurse for about three years. I cooked for the soldiers, dressed their wounds, gave them medicine, and washed for them, and did anything I was called to do. I never received a nickel for my services as a nurse. Dr. Brucker told me I would get paid, and I worked on the hope of getting paid. Hmm. So Lucy's initial appeals are all rejected, and for most women, this would be the end of the road and they just wouldn't get a pension. Yeah. But Lucy keeps on fighting. She even strategically enlists her fellow soldiers to back her up.


Dozens of men from the 23rd regiment step up, including Dr. Bruker himself, testifying that he could not have done his job without Lucy. Wow. That's so incredible. It takes seven years, 55 testimonials and an avalanche of paperwork. Yes. Oh God. She just gotta get everybody basically who was left from the regiment. Right. Rough. That she could get ahold of and all that paperwork. So much Paperwork. So much paperwork. That's some paperwork. But she does it and she wins. Oh my God. In December of 1898, when Lucy is in her mid fifties, she is finally granted a pension through a special act of Congress. Now it isn't much. She's gonna be paid $12 a month, which is roughly around $480 in today's money.


Yeah. That's not nothing. It's not nothing. And it's a hard won victory that helps pave the way for others. A few years later, in 1901, Congress formally recognizes the role of nurse as an official military post making all Civil War nurses eligible for pensions. Oh, Interesting. And that's because of Lucy. Wow. Fighting that hard and never giving up. Wow. So Lucy is a trailblazer in more ways than one. The work she and other women did during the war transforms nursing from a male dominated job into one predominantly female. And by the year 1991% of American nurses are women.


That's So cool. Wow. Lucy stays close friends with the men of the 23rd regiment for the rest of her life. She's at every reunion with them. She marches in every Memorial Day parade alongside them, and she's even on the invite list as their children grow up and get married. I know in turn, the men are also there for her, like when she gets the measles and years later when she has a stroke, Lucy never fully recovers from the ladder, and she passes away in January of 1915. At the age of 69, she's buried next to her husband, John, at the Second Baptist Church where they had been married decades earlier. Oh.


Lucy's buried with full military honors. Oh my God. In an elaborate ceremony with her obituary, noting that quote, Lucy was known to almost everyone in this city, and everyone honored her for her loyalty. End quote. A century later in 2019, a statue is put up at this church depicting Lucy holding her baby Mona. Oh my God. Stop finally returning Lucy with the child. She loves so much. And Lucy Nichols is now the subject of a permanent exhibition at the Carnegie Center for Art and History in New Albany, where Eileen y Novik serves as executive director and quoting a historian named a Glen Crothers.


Eileen says, quote, Lucy's story is indeed an important example of determination, grit, service, and loyalty. But more importantly, her battle. To build a life beyond enslavement, to serve, to work, to secure a pension and receive legitimization is a testament to the lingering effects of inequality. Well after the war was won, and to Lucy's triumphant spirit. And that is the story of boundary breaking Civil War nurse Lucy Nichols. Wow. I mean, I mean, the timing couldn't be, it's So relevant. It's so relevant. Imagine that. Imagine just wanting the chance to live and work and be independent and having to fight so hard for that fight Literally on the front lines of Yeah.


The one of the worst wars this country has ever seen. And then they're like, no, I don't think we're gonna pay you. Yeah. Just like, Yes, you will. Yes. You'll, it's So inspiring. Isn't it great. Yeah. I'm so glad you did that. That's, yeah. It's a nice one. I'm glad I found it because that of course, her story is kind of just lost to time. No. And you know, I didn't, it's the kind of story people really, really need to hear, I think. Definitely. Well, that was a great story for Juneteenth. Good job. Thank you. I'm gonna go put one of those old fashioned cartoon ice packs on my head and lay on the couch. How about it? You should, You poor thing. Go to bed. That sucks. We're back to normal next week. We'll tell you two great stories.


We'll both be so healthy. Oh yeah. And well, it's just, you're gonna, you're gonna Free. You won't believe it when I, you won't Believe It. The return we're about to make. Yeah. But thank you guys so much for listening, for being here. Yeah. And for staying strong through all of this. All of the things going on these days. Chaos. Chaos. And yet, man, those no Kings parades, there were little tiny towns. Yeah. I kept seeing 'em on TikTok, just like the town has 5,000 people on it and 2000 are standing on their main street. It's just a beautiful thing. So inspiring. Totally. I think it's what everybody needed right now. Absolutely. We're The majority.


Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Heck and Molly Smith. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Our researchers are Marin McGlashan and Ali Elkin. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. Follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly Right's YouTube page. While you're there, please like and subscribe.


Goodbye. Bye.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


When you're driving. Nothing's better than a suspenseful podcast, but when you want to save on gas drama's the last thing you want. That's why Marathon makes it easy to save. With marathon rewards earning you at least 5 cents a gallon in rewards with every fuel up and saving you up to a buck a gallon plus, signing up is easy. Do it at the pump or marathon rewards.com. So start saving with rewards from Marathon. Don't miss the Thomas Red Veteran Boots store this summer, fueled by marathon and participate in locations, terms and conditions apply.


Wells Fargo seeks Broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.