
This is exactly


right. Isn't the point of traveling to get away from it all to feel the best you've ever felt? Then maybe you should check out Aruba. You'll spend your time relaxing on cool white, sandy beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll meet locals Bri, with gratitude for an island that redefines what a paradise can be. When your trip comes to an end, you won't need another vacation because you just had the vacation. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


The land down under has never been easier to reach. United Airlines has more flights between the US and Australia than any other US airline. So you can fly nonstop to destinations like Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Explore dazzling cities, savor the very best of Ossi cuisine, and get up close and personal with the wildlife. Who doesn't wanna hold a koala? Go to united.com/australia to book your adventure.


Hello And. Welcome To. my Favorite murder, The mini. So that's right. We do your stories. We tell you your stories On Jinx The Jinx, and we're doing it on camera for the fan cult For the holidays. For The holiday fan cult. I look like Dennis the Menna in the shirt, And I look like a vampire in the summertime because I am a vampire in the summertime. Want me to go first? Sure. We're just gonna kick it right into high gear. One of our favorite topics lost and found real pirates. Treasure. Ooh. And then it says, photo included.


Hello, MFM Crew. I know how much Karen and Georgia love found treasure stories. So I wanted to share my treasure story involving real life pirates, a murder and treasure. I'll make this as short as possible. Let's get into it. Let me take you back to Newport, Rhode Island, circa the early 17 hundreds. The way the story goes is that my grandfather's grandfather, I'm gonna call him Gigi Grandpa, was living on a small coastal farm with his parents and was tending to the farm solo while his family was in town for the day he was maybe eight years old. That track so far Handle all this livestock.


You dumb little asshole. BRB, don't smoke all my cigars. BRB don't get bubonic plague. So it said he was maybe eight years old, basically an adult in the 17 hundreds while Gigi grandpa was tending to the animals, a large and beat up ship anchored off the coast, and a small rowboat of tattered sea wor men came to shore. Damn. And then in parentheses it says in all caps, pirates. Pirates outta fear. Gigi grandpa ran into the house to hide, but watch the men through the window. It seemed as if they were burying a body near the coastline, perhaps one of their own men or maybe a murder.


We'll never know for sure. Once they finished, they pillaged the garden for food and stole a couple animals, and one of the pirates headed towards the house to see if anyone was home. Upon entering, he found Gigi. Grandpa Cowering in a corner 8-year-old Gigi grandpa cowering a corner and took pity on him as the pirate was barely older than Gigi grandpa himself Oh my God. So the 12-year-old pirate comes up and finds the 8-year-old, Take Gigi grandpa with you and have adventures in the sea. Truly, every 8-year-old boy's fantasy come to life. Absolutely. Except for the, I think most eight year olds are like, I don't want a 12-year-old.


Let's get someone that's at least in high school. Right. If not older as a pirate. So upon entering, he found Gigi grandpa cowering in a corner and took pity on him as the pirate was barely older than him as a gesture of thanks. The pirate handed him a scrimshaw ring with a portrait of a woman inscribed on the face, and the pirates took off not to be seen again. The ring was passed down in my family through each generation, and the story came with it. There's actually a picture book written about this story with help from my grandparents called the Scrimshaw Ring. You can probably find it on Amazon. Ah hmm. That is until the early aughts when the rings seemed to have disappeared. It disappeared around the same time my grandfather passed and my family chose to believe that he took it with him.


My family was pretty devastated over the loss of the ring and its history. But the story lived on often retold at the holidays and get togethers when reminiscing on my late grandfather. However, about five years ago, the ring turned up again nearly 20 years after it was lost. Wow. My grandmother was moving outta the house. She shared with my grandfather, and while going through 55 years of stuff that had accumulated in the house, she found the ring stuck in the back of a drawer in my grandfather's study. Yes. Oh, A picture of the ring was sent out through our group chats, and this seemed almost unreal to me as my sisters and I had never actually seen the ring. Right. Or even a picture of it before.


Oh my God. We weren't a hundred percent convinced it even existed, but it did. It's an incredible ring carved entirely out of scrimshaw with a carving of a woman's portrait on the face. The ring is also tiny. It doesn't even fit over the knuckle of my pinky. So the pirate was either really, really young or people in the 17 hundreds had baby hands. I've attached pictures of the ring to this email. Yay. Sorry. They're not great. My grandmother took them, Hey, look at this Oh. my God. It's so haunted and it's like so beautiful. I've never seen anything like that. I know, right? It's very different and cool. There's like a really ornate frame and then almost like a pencil drawing looking thing of a lady that kind of looks like olive oil from Popeye.


It's that look that was hot in the 17 hundreds and it's back now. Oh yeah. Which is middle part slicked down. Yeah. Little shiny lips. Yeah, Thin eyebrows. And This part is bone. That's what the scrim shot. Oh shit. That's what rimshot, It's like carved bone I. guess guess I know what Scrimshaw was. I know Scrimshaw Pilsner. That's as far as that my knowledge of Oh, what Scrimshaw is. Yeah. That was actually, Alejandra left me a note at the top of the email that said she looked it up because she needed to know too. And it's jewelry made out of ivory or bone with engravings or carvings. Wow. That's so cool. Thanks you guys for all you do. You've been keeping me company on my road trips for years, and I'm so grateful for the attention you shine on mental health, safety, and minority issues.


I always learn something new when I listen to you. Stay sexy and don't let 55 years of shit pile up in your house. Or you might lose something important. Emmy, she her. Wow. Oh, that is treasure times too. Also in such the perfectly missing spot. Yeah. Like not a big deal. Like you could have looked there. It's like not impossible, But behind a drawer is it's Behind a drawer. One of behind a drawer. Oh, I was thinking the back of a drawer. Oh my gosh. So, and this is the reason I believe this. 'cause I just saw a TikTok this morning where a woman goes, I just picked up this dresser on the side of the road and it's this super old looking dresser, and she goes, and one of the drawers wouldn't close.


So I looked behind it. She pulls out this little ring box that has fucking like three diamond rings in it Oh my God, Which is like full, full TikTok treasure. That's why I'm picturing that this was a similar thing where it somehow falls behind the drawer. Yeah, that makes total sense. I couldn't see. Yeah. Always check behind your drawers. Oh. my God. That is amazing. If a drawer Doesn't close all the way treasure. That is unbelievable. I love it. Okay, let's do a great grandfather's suspicious death and obituary. Perfect. Here we go. Hey, hey, hey. I think this will be the one. Yay. You're right. You're right.


My great Aunt Anne, who is still with us at 97 and Sharp as Attack, loves to tell this story about her grandfather, Hugh Devlin, who died in a suspicious manner. His obituary lays it all out well, and the headline of the obituary is Mistook Poison for Cold Cure. He's dead. Oh wow. Saving on words there. What newspaper was that in? I don't know the local one. He's dead. He's dead. Wow. And then the obituary reads, Hugh Devlin, a plasterer living in Washington Avenue, Dunton died yesterday from the effects of Carbolic acid, which he had taken by mistake.


Oh, That's Horrible. I know. Devlin had been suffering from a cold for several days, and Friday night he got outta bed to take a dose of medicine. This is his obituary. There were two bottles on the shelf and one contained Carbolic acid. Devlin got hold of it and swallowed a quantity of the poison a doctor was called. But although everything was done for him, Devlin died. And then it says suspicious. Right. My great aunt believed my great Aunt Ann, that's hard to say. Believe strongly that her grandmother Agnes quote helped him along. Oh, That's all for now. Keep doing the awesome work you do, John, If I'm not mistaken, and I think I'm getting this from like Miss Marble, carbolic acid like eats you up inside.


Yeah. Why would it be next to the cold medicine? Right? It would not. No. But if like, why would it be? It's almost like, are the bottles the same? Yes, they're probably the same. 'cause that happens and you're like, oh, this is, you know, foot cream and it's in the same thing as like whatever cream, but who keeps carbolic acid in their medicine cabinet or wherever next to the medicine. You know what I mean? Or even on the nightstand, which means someone else put it there like, do Do, do Grandmother Agnes. I think that's the aga, the Christie story I'm thinking of. Wow. Damn. Damn. He's dead. He's dead. In case you didn't know,


do you ever walk into a room and think, wow, I hate it here. Yeah, a hundred percent of the time. Yeah. Well, Luckily you can remodel an entire room's vibe just by shopping at article. Their curated design bundles make furniture shopping simple from boho to mid-century. You can always find something to match your style. Article Is dedicated to thoughtful craftsmanship that stands the test of time and looks good doing it. And if you're looking to upgrade your outdoor furniture this summer, check out the Lubeck outdoor sectional. It's perfect for lounging or flopping. Article offers fast, affordable shipping across the US and Canada. That won't leave you waiting around you pick the delivery time and they'll send you updates every step of the way. I have article outdoor furniture that I've had for the past two years, and it is still in perfect condition and I'm like lazy. I don't cover stuff, I just, you know, leave it. And people still compliment me. They think it's new furniture, it's so stylish and it lasts And it's not expensive. That's the thing I know. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to Claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye,


Karen. You know I'm all about vintage shopping. Absolutely. And when you say vintage, you mean when you physically drive to a store and actually purchase something with cash? Exactly. And if you're a small business owner, you might know Shopify is great for online sales, but did you know that they also power in-person sales? That's right. Shopify is the sound of selling everywhere online, in store, on social media and beyond. Give your point of sale system a serious upgrade with Shopify from Accepting payments to managing inventory. They have everything you need to sell in person. So give your point of sale system a serious upgrade with Shopify. Their sleek, reliable POS hardware takes every major payment method and looks fabulous. At the same time with Shopify, we have a powerful partner for managing our sales. And if you're a business owner, you can too connect with Customers inline and online, do retail right with Shopify, Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/murder. Important note, that promo code is all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/murder to take your retail business to the next level today, that Shopify.com/murder.


Goodbye. Okay, listen to this. This is almost like breaking news. Okay. But for I guess for me personally, but the headline is almost drove into highway one. Big sir Sinkhole. Oh shit. Yeah. Dearest dumb FM posse. I was driving on highway one headed south from Monterey to my home in Big Sir California, and then a parentheses that says, yes, people live here. It had been raining heavily on and off, and it was the day before Easter anticipating a shit show of tourist traffic on Highway one. I was prepared for a slow and leisurely ride with lots of deep breaths to give me patience. As I crossed one bridge and was headed towards another, I saw a car ahead of me swerve suddenly to the left.


I was thinking they were avoiding a puddle, a big dark puddle from the rain. My internal conversation was congratulating myself on having a Toyota truck that I could drive through puddles. As I got close, I realized it was not a puddle, but an open abyss directly down to the beach. Hundreds of feet below Oh my God. You could see the beach. Holy shit. Yeah. I swerved and missed going into it by a foot. Oh. I immediately put on my hazards and was shocked. As cars continued to drive around casually in both directions, I stopped and did my damnedest to dissuade people from continuing to drive. All the while still stunned that I, I didn't go into this abyss myself.


After a few minutes people started to get the clue there was no cell service where I was, so I jetted ahead to where I could call 9 1 1, which apparently another local resident had just done within 30 minutes. Highway one was closed in both directions and yeah. And since there was already an existing closure, another 30 miles south, around 1500 people ended up being trapped in Big Sur overnight. Some sleeping in their cars, some in makeshift shelters at our state park and lodges. I'm still absolutely astounded that no one drove into it, including myself In Big Sur. We are used to road closures happening most often, landslides coming down and covering highway one.


But this was unlike anything many of us had seen. Just a giant chunk of highway one falling out in the middle of the day. The next day they were eventually able to caravan the visitors out. For the next five weeks, residents and essential workers were able to go through an early morning or evening convoy. Wow. So you had to wait. If you had to go anywhere, you had to wait and go at a certain time of day. Our Big Sur community is used to having all sorts of natural disasters coming our way. But this was an unusual one and it still gives me the heebie-jeebies. Lucky for me, I was coming home with a big haul of groceries and able to hunker down comfortably in Big sir. Mm. Thanks for all you do.


Day one listener here and a live show enthusiast. Love Alicia. Wow. Alicia a I wanna move to Big Sir, please. Immediately. Oh, it's so gorgeous there. Yeah, it's wildly wild. It's wildly wild. It's tiny. It's all forest. It's like people just choose to go live in the forest basically. I know. I don't want that Part, but then you come upon those like little ins and stuff. Yeah. Oh. my God. So Cute. Gorgeous. Okay, my next one's called Stranger on a Plane. Hi everyone. I've been meaning to write in this hometown for about five years and finally sat down to do it. It has many things you love. Nineties kids, dads putting their children in dangerous situations.


Stranger danger and a glitch in the matrix. Let's get into it. Perfect. I know it was a summer of 1996 and I was 10 years old. I'm an only child and lived with my family in Syracuse, New York, and wanted to visit my grandmother down in Florida. My parents couldn't take the time off work for an extended vacation, so they decided to send me down on my own. My dad was an air traffic controller and was able to fly for free on standby. So he had the great idea to fly me down, have lunch with his mom, and then fly back. On the way back. The plan was the same. My dad flew down, had lunch with his mother and I, and we planned to board my flight. Unfortunately, my dad was bumped from the return flight home and they could not move my seat to the other flight going to Syracuse.


I'm sure he went through a hundred scenarios before making a decision, but in hindsight, I really think we could have just waited a day Instead, my dad put me on the plane by myself, check that I knew where I was to go and told me to tell anyone that asked that I was 14 As that was the youngest age. Children could fly by themselves without Prearrangements. Wait, how old are they? Actually, 10. But wait, there's more. There were many problems with this situation. First, I did not have a direct flight. Instead I had a two to three hour layover in Philadelphia. No, no, no, no, no. One of the biggest and busiest airports in the country. I just did a two, three hour layover at Denver and I was scared the whole time.


And I'm 54, so a 10-year-old making that happen and making sure they go to the right place. Holy shit, it gets Worse. Oh, I would have to transfer planes and find my gate all by myself. Second, there was no way anyone could possibly mistake me for being a 14-year-old. At the time, I was about four feet tall and looked seven years old. At best. It says I still get carted on the regular despite me being in my late thirties. Lastly, dad was so nervous he didn't phone my mom and boarded a flight that would arrive in Syracuse about 30 minutes after mine if all went according to plan. So there I was armed with my backpack full of goosebump books and a bag with my bowling ball, which my grandmother had insisted I bring since she was involved with multiple bowling leagues and headed on a connecting flight.


What It's like there, it's like they just keep adding like, or Impractical Jokers or something like you have to do the bowling ball. You know It's a game show. Yeah, it's a game show. Can you Do it with a bowling ball And can you, can you do it on an uneven surface over a pool? Right. It's like turns into wipe out Oh. my God, Jesus Christ. I studied the Philly airport map while on the plane boarded a tram to get to my next gate. That's the other thing I had to do that There Was a fucking tram. Yeah. They had to connect terminals. Yeah. Not just walk down to the, it's not a counting down of numbers. No. And I'm sure she was so nervous about them knowing that she was under 14, that she didn't ask for help from anyone.


You know what I mean? No. Everyone is dangerous. Yeah. Not if you, if you're trying to trick people, but like, but not really. But You hadn't scared her. It's kind of, you know, Oh, My, God parents. Okay. And made my way through the airport all by myself. I pretended to know exactly what I was doing and not one person stopped the tiny 10-year-old girl carrying a bowling ball through the airport all alone. Nope. When I got to my gate, I was so pleased with myself. I cracked open a book and waited for my plane. That's when I noticed an older man staring at me. I kept telling myself that it was okay. I was near the flight attendants manning the gate station, but this man would not stop staring at me. Mine and my dad's worst fears were coming true. But I managed to get on the plane and felt like I was home free. That's when this man sat in the aisle next to me.


I pointedly ignored him and only looked at him in my peripheral vision for the next 10 to 15 minutes. All of a sudden he leans over and says, Erica, is that you properly freaked out. I finally looked at him fully and realized I was looking at one of my dad's coworkers from the tower. He had been staring at me trying to figure out why my dad's kid was alone in the Philadelphia airport and was making sure I was a hundred percent the kid he thought I was before talking to me. He was someone I'd actually met a few times and he kept me company when we arrived at Syracuse until my dad got there. Aw. And know. I Was like, I'm just gonna have a seat here with you For the time. Yeah, that's a really good turn.


Yes. Because Oh my God. Yeah. I can't imagine how scared my dad was that day. This was definitely before cell phones and there was no way to check in with me as I waited for my next flight. When we got in the car, he took me to Borders to bribe me with a couple CDs of my choice and later some ice cream in hopes that I wouldn't tell my mom what happened. Yep. That lasted about five minutes until he broke down and told her everything. And I gotta keep my new smash mouth and sugar ray CDs just all the nineties. Yep. As a middle school teacher, I sometimes think of the story and wonder how my sixth graders would fare in the same situation. I know I'd be terrified. And they're not even my own kids. My dad has always said that airports are some of the safest places in the country and he still stands by that today.


He better. I Think that makes sense. He better. Yeah. Don't let that go I mean. What if he was like, actually we've seen some bru bad numbers. There's there's a lot of kidnappings in airports. Yeah. You just did it, sir. You rolled those dice. You Sure did. We were able to laugh at the situation now and marvel at the fact that one of my dad's coworkers happened to be riding the same flight as his daughter was stuck on by herself. I'm still super proud of myself for being able to navigate that situation without completely freaking out. You Should be. Hell. Yeah. And there is like this thing today about kids who like no kid is gonna have that opportunity these days. Right. And there is that confidence of being alone that you get as a kid that you need as you grow older. Right. A little too much sometimes for us back Then it can be too much if you know when to pull the rip cord and and run and basically like if she's stayed there long enough and that guy continued to stare at her.


Yeah. She probably at this point would know if she already was sitting next to the people that worked at the gate. Yeah. It's like go over behind the gate. Totally. Or go tell someone. But at the same time, it's like she got herself on that tram dude. She got herself from A to B or BA. Yeah. Nailed it with a bowl in the bowling Ball. Wait, there's, wait, hold on. There's one last part. It says it closes. Anyway, stay sexy and maybe don't send your 10 year olds to airports by themselves. Sincerely, Erica. She, her PS my bowling ball cracked on the way home. Apparently they don't do well with the air pressure and you're supposed to package them a specific way. That means I lugged a broken bowling ball all the way through that damn airport with my tiny arms for no reason.


Grandma, grandma, grandma. We could have rented one. Ah, I know, right. Erica? Great job Erica. Amazing story, grandma. That's why they have bowling alleys so you don't have to bring your own. Exactly. That's the whole idea. Exactly. They're, they're so heavy. But I also like, wait, I thought of one other thing. Oh, just as you were telling that story, I was like, before you gave the actual data that airports are safe. I was like, but actually people have to pay to be an airport. Yeah. So you already have a kind of audience that had to pay to get there. Right. And I think everyone knows you're being filmed and watched the entire time you're there.


Like there's no Yeah, they have, they have your name in every way. Right, Right. The security is pretty tight. So it is pretty safe.


I think this podcasters sponsored in part by MIDI Health. You know, there's a lot of great things about getting older. I know myself better. My life has a sense of order and peace. But you know, it also sucks, right? It sucks so much. Especially symptoms of menopause and perimenopause So much. Yep. So much. The experts at MIDI Health understand what you're going through and are here to help. MIDI Health is the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. If You've never heard of Menopausal care, that might be because 75% of women who seek clinical support don't receive treatment. But MIDI Health is here to provide the support you need and deserve. From FDA approved medications to lifestyle coaching and health guidance, All MIDI health services are covered by insurance and can be accessed through telehealth visits and 24 7 direct messaging. Your Body changes in midlife, so your healthcare should change too. You Deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Here's my lastie. The time that my mom didn't get hired at Radio Shack because she failed a lie detector test and then the, and then it says in parentheses, trying this again two years later, which I interpret as in the most irritated font imaginable. Okay. It says Hello to Paul Holes and memories of Stephen's Mustache and then in parentheses it says tm. Get it like the trademark symbol. But I'm too old to figure out how to put that into an email. Aw, Just explain it then. So I know you haven't asked for stories about Radio Shack, but I thought this was something you would be interested in.


Definitely. for Sure. In about 1975, my mom applied for a job at Radio Shack. She was about 20 or 21. And at the time, radio Shack required their potential employees to take a lie detector test, which seems odd to me, but hey, it was the seventies. My mom agreed to this thinking it would be easy as she was not a hardened criminal. As you know, you can only answer lie detector test questions with a yes or no answer. You can't give any explanations. So they start the interview starting with basic questions. The usual, what is your name, how old are you, et cetera. And then they ask her if she's ever stolen anything. My mother's heart. My mother's heart rate increases greatly as she says, yes, she did steal some peanuts once she was A little Aw From Who?


Peanut An an elephant. Yeah. Where where'd you get a, you walked by a barrel of an open barrel of peanuts and just stuck your hand in Listen, I was at the circus. I was coming back from the bathroom. There was a barrel full of peanuts. I was really drunk. I, please forgive me. She silently panicked and ultimately answered no. Which did show up as in fact being a lie. Sure. Peanuts. This paired with her being asked if she's ever done drugs, she had indulged in the devil's lettuce from time to time, caused her ultimately to fail the lie detector test. Oh my God. Needless to say, my mom did not get the job. She went on to have a wonderful 40 year career as an English teacher.


So take that Radio shack sending love to you both stay sexy and maybe don't lie about stealing peanuts when you're a child. The signature is Kelsey from San Francisco. I love it. Wow. And then it says PS Karen. I was staying with my parents in Petaluma over the weekend and we went to Petaluma's famous butter and egg parade. It says Egg and Butter Parade. But I'm sorry to tell you, it's the butter and egg Day parade. Butter first. Yes. Always. We all had the time of our lives and we couldn't decide on if the best part was a mini horse dressed like a cow, pulling a person in a cart dressed like a chicken, or the tiny dog with an even tinier toy cowboy strap to his back. Oh my God. Take me there.


Butter Nexts Day is I mean. It's been going on I think since the late eighties. Wow. And it is the most classic small town parade. And I'm pretty sure I've told you this already, but what, like when Nora was little, Nora loved a parade when she was little. It was like her favorite thing. So my sister and my dad would take her to any and everything. That was like big bands sit on the sidewalk, people march by. It's like, that's Nora in her prime. That's adorable. But my dad would do this thing. I went once and he sits there and does running commentary and like criticism of the parade where he is like, anyone can walk in this thing. I could get up right now and go just follow behind the four H Club. Like he would Just like fucking shit on this side of a parade that needs me a fucking TV show immediately.


It Really pretty epic. Pretty epic. Alright, here's my last one. Okay. It's Called My Dog Ran Away and got a job. Photo included. Oh, Hello. Karen, Georgia and everyone else. I've lost track of what you've asked for regarding hometown. So I'm assuming it's an everything goes situation at this point. Fully. Yeah. My family has a small Australian shepherd named Monty. He's not particularly smart, but he's cute. Monty's the best fucking name for a dog. So good. Classic. So Good. We like to say that he's too dumb to live. Too hot to die. Kind of a mbo of a dog. I love that. Like him being stupid and pretty is like part of the family conversation.


Of Course. Yeah. He's a member of the family. Yeah. And he is a personality and a lifestyle just like everybody else. Here's What he's like. Yeah. One day Monty was hanging out with my dad in the garage with the door open and my mother turns on the built-in vacuum cleaner in the house. Ugh. Fancy. The actual mechanism for the section is in the suction is in the garage. And the sudden loud noise spooked him and he bolted. My father probably underneath a vehicle at the time didn't notice until Monty was long gone. Mm. The garage backs out into an alley with homes and some businesses and after running up and down it while calling his name, my father proceeded to knock on some doors to check backyards and such. Eventually he got to the dental clinic right across the alley from our house when he walked inside to ask if they'd seen a loose dog, the staff immediately stated that yes, they had seen a dog.


It would've been hard to miss a dog running through their side door down the hallways and jumping right into the lap of a patient in a chair waiting to see the dentist. Oh, good boy. A dream come true. I know, right? You're just like sitting there nervous about getting your teeth done and then it's like, fucking gorgeous, stupid dog jumps in your lap. Thank you. Yes. God. It's Like, God, my dad apologized as they went and retrieved Monty from the back, but apparently it was no problem. The staff and the patients were all cooing and cuddling with Monty before attempting to contact the owner and were loving his presence. They asked my father to drop Monty off whenever he wanted so that he could visit and help with any patients who had anxiety. Aw.


Now, a couple times a week, we will just walk Monty over, open the side door and drop him off for his quote shift at the dentist office. You're crying already. I love it. I absolutely love your podcast and I'll that you do. And I've included a picture of Monty in a dentist chair because I know you'd appreciate it. Stay sexy and don't turn down a dog job. Georgia and my mother Karen What? Oh. My. God. Let's see that picture. We'll Put both of these pictures of the ring and the dog on our Instagram account, so make sure to check that out if you feel like it. Yeah. And that's our personal Instagram accounts. We're just posting other people's pictures like they're our own. Oh, I knew he looked like that.


He's a poopy little thing. He's So cute. He looks like a, he's like a long hair ish. Australian Shepherd ish, but Small. Oh, the little guy. He's so Good. He could just be right on. He would take up your whole lap. Yeah, but not on, like, not too much. It wouldn't be like comical. It'd just be like, just enough to make you feel calmer when you're getting your fricking teeth done. So Monty basically hear a loud noise, got freaked out, whatever, and then was like, I'm nervous now I'm gonna go find my people. Yeah. And we can all help each other not be scared. Oh my God. He was like, I'm gonna find someone else who's nervous and we can help each other. And he jumped. Whoever he, whoever's lap he jumped into has to be like the luckiest person on the planet.


Like, I hope they know they, they're blessed. Hashtag blessed. Like there's something special about them. I hope they know they're blessed. I hope We all know we're blessed. I mean. Yeah. You would feel super. Yes. That's like a, we were at dinner one night and a little girl came up to the window next to the table where we were sitting inside. They were outside and she came up and stuck her foot on the window. So, and goes, do you like my shoes Oh. my God? And I was like, yes. Yeah. When children and animals like you, it's like, fuck yeah. Yeah. Something. Something's right with your vibes Finally. Something's right with my vibes. Hey, write us your, your stories and my favorite murder at Gmail.


Yeah. Tell us about your vibes. Yeah, We wanna hear about your vibes. Tell us vibe stories. Like vibe check stories, right? Where you're like, I knew this person sucked, or I knew they were amazing or someone knew your vibes were good, or whatever it is. Vibe. Stories. Right? Yeah. Try to keep it positive in these, in these trying times. Sure. And also stay Sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns To my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite murder and on Twitter at my fave murder.


Goodbye.