
This is exactly right now streaming. What do you know about the Happy Face Killer? He's my father. He's so good to see you, Missy. Experience the thrilling new series. He said he killed another woman inspired by a true life story. If I don't deal with him, he will never leave us alone. You don't see how they we're the same do you? Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid Star. I am not responsible for what my dad did. Just going how you hoped. Happy Face. New series now. Streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


at Designer Shoe Warehouse. We believe that shoes are an important part of well Everything. Everything from first steps to first dates, from all-nighters to all time personal vests, From building pillow forts to building a Life, building the life For all the big and small moments that make up your whole world. D-S-W-D-S-W is there. And we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at brag worthy prices at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Hello. Hello And Welcome To My favorite Murder, The Mini Sode. We'll reread you your stories. Would You like to go first? Sure. I got a fucking classic hometown here. Amazing. This one's called My dad Ate Brown's Chicken in Palatine, Illinois the night of January 8th, 1993. He knew four of the victims. Wow. And this is of course the Brown's Chicken Massacre case that I covered in episode 2 63, which is what I'm talking about, where seven people were murdered. Okay. Dear Beloved, MFM gang, for the many years I've listened to your show, I've pondered what could I possibly share while overlooking my most obvious connection to a famous massacre.


It dawned on me while visiting my hometown of Chicago last week, and I passed a Brown's chicken and pasta. Here is my moment of glory. I'm proud to say that my dad is an immigrant and doctor who worked unbelievably hard to establish his own medical practice In the late eighties in the quiet Northwest suburb of Palatine, Illinois. My dad's practice was located just behind a Brown's chicken. My dad didn't like the Brown's chicken because the building blocked the street view of his office. Typical mentality of my business savvy father. But he loved fatty crispy chicken in time. He became friends with the owners, Richard and Lynn Feld. My dad regularly ate at his friend's business and Friday, January 8th, 1993 was no exception.


My dad decided to stay late to catch up on work, but dinner presented a dilemma. His New Year's resolution was to cut back on greasy food after his business closed at 7:00 PM and his staff left. My dad said, fuck it. And he walked over to Brown's chicken across the parking lot to buy two pieces of classic leg and thigh with the quote, extra greasy cornbread along with equally greasy mashed potatoes as he puts it. Hmm, sounds amazing. He chatted with Richard for a bit before returning to his office with his fried chicken. That night he worked in his personal office located in the back of the unit. He ate his dinner, did his work until about 10:00 PM and left from the rear door that opened into the alley behind the office, not knowing what was happening less than 250 feet away from him.


The next morning he found his office surrounded by Yellow Tape Police and News Station vans. To this day, my dad is still disturbed. From the moment he learned that his friend and his wife Richard and Lynn, were brutally murdered as he sat working in his office the night prior. My dad doesn't recall hearing anything that night. My dad also knew the two high school students who were killed. Michael C. Castro and Rico El Solis because he was their doctor and did their annual school physicals. Oh, it's heartbreaking. I know. The following Monday he went out and bought his first gun and never felt safe in that office again. In the months that followed, my dad saw his business plainly in the background of local and national news, covering the story, the Browns chicken that once blocked.


The view of my dad's office was the source of free advertising on a level that he did not want. Unfortunately, 25 years later, my dad was the victim of an attempted murder by a family member. Then it says that's another longer story. I mean, yes it is and you should write it. My dad survived by the skin of his teeth and I'm so grateful he's still alive. To recount this story and many others, I often think about what my life could have been like if he didn't survive and all the light love memories and stories that would've vanished with him. I admire your work of bringing life back to the people we have wrongfully lost because the families of the victims deserve it and they deserve to know others. Stand with them in their loss.


I'm grateful. I'm not one of them, but my heart is with anyone affected by senseless acts of violence. Stay sexy and don't follow your New Year's resolutions. If it means you get to see your friend's loss. Love Olivia, God, Olivia. Like what a, what a story and what a thing for your dad to go through that alone. Separate from the other details, but just like an immigrant that comes to this country, becomes a doctor, builds a business, makes, makes friends in his community, is part of the community and then this happens to the community. Yeah. It's devastating. Unbelievable. Alright, well this episode is airing on St. Patrick's Day. Right. So here's a little left turn email and this subject line of it is a St.


Patrick's Day prank gone wrong. Now, I'm not sure who people are out there that are pranking people on St. Patrick's Day. The ones who cannot wait for April Fools or what Is that a thing? I don't. Or is it just kind of friends being dicks to each other? 'cause they can, but I don't know. I guess I could see like a little leprechaun being a prankster. That makes sense. Well, I think they're just greedy. I mean, I don't know where, why we're trying to fold in other, okay, let me just read this email. Okay. Top of the morning to you lassies. I'm writing in as a day two listener, my friend Christina with a k heard you on day one and raved about you. Of course. I had to check out the podcast and I've been a loyal listener ever since. Now here's my story of questionable parenting.


For years I've had a tradition of setting my voicemail messages. A leprechaun looking for a con, looking for his gold. I'm so sorry. What? Wait, what For? I forgot about this. And this used to be such a big part of everyone's life is what was your outgoing message gonna be and Right, right. And it was kind of like what you were about and you definitely wanted people to see you in a certain way. Yeah. So this person's saying, for years I've had a tradition of setting my voicemail message as a leprechaun looking for his gold on St. Patrick's Day. What a fun way to be creative. My, I think mine is the, like the robot right now. Is it? That's so boring. Yeah. Well I think it's 'cause the trend is out where it's like people don't, don't really call each other as much anymore.


Right, right. It used to be a really big deal. Okay. One particular year I decided to take it a step further and play a little prank on my kids who are six and eight. At the time, I called my home phone and left a message in my best leprechaun voicey. Oh no, I have to do a leprechaun. You Have to do Ittis. No, you have me gold. And I'll be sneaking in tonight to find your treasures. You stole from me. Wow. Yes. I'm so glad they didn't give this to me. The powers that we did not pick this one and give it to me. 'cause I would've ruined that and that was perfect. Thank you kindly. So they say, I thought it was hilarious that evening during supper, I played the message for the kids.


My daughter had a friend staying for a sleepover and I really sold it, acting surprised and saying a leprechaun left us a message. He thinks we have his gold. To make it even more fun, I suggested we build a leprechaun trap after dinner using sticks in a cardboard box. At first it all seemed fine. The kids went along with the idea, but then bedtime came. Mm. My daughter and her friend came into the living room crying. They were absolutely terrified that the leprechaun was coming for them. The friend was so scared that she called her mother and wanted to go home. Oh, it's so embarrassing as a parent. Oh, when I got on the phone to explain it was just a joke. Neither the mother nor my husband found it funny.


She has not a friend in the room, No divorce Except that leprechaun to this day, my daughter and son remind me of how I traumatize them, insisting it was not a cool thing to do. Of course, I still find it hilarious and I continue to leave my annual leprechaun voicemail message every Saint Patrick's day. Wishing you all a happy and mischievous St. Patrick's Day. Paula. Paula. Just the thought of a like my mom. If she were a prankster, how bad that would suck. Yeah. You know, it's like a new level of trauma. I feel like I had a cousin and he now does it to his daughters, which makes me laugh, but I know that it, it, I felt very differently when he was pranking, quote unquote, which is just outright abusing us during the seventies.


But he still, he still does stuff like he goes out, if he's going out to the car to get something and then he knows his daughter's coming behind. He'll hide behind a bush and then just jump out at them. He does lots of that, that kind of stuff. And I know it's 'cause he is like, I want you to get ready for the world. Right. He's doing, don't trust anyone. Especially not your parents. Right. Like start at home. Yes. Not trusting anyone. If you step out into a dark driveway in the middle of the country, you better start wondering who's, who's hiding behind a bush. It's on you if you don't. Yeah.


You Know, I love the idea of cooking. Wait, is there a second part to that? No, I just think cooking as an idea is really nice. Oh, Well, hungry Root can turn your idea, Karen, into reality. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped up into one. They take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored to you. Shopping, planning and cooking food really can be simple and stress free. Just tell them about your goals and preferences and they'll fill your cart with personalized recommendations that get smarter as they learn more about what you liked or didn't. Love All of Hungry Roots recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less. Being able to make something in 15 minutes or less is quite a claim. My thing about cooking is it takes so much work, it takes so much prep and I'm not that good at it anyway. So it never feels worth it when you get to the end. But Hungry Root makes it feel like it was all worth it. It does, and you're gonna love Hungry Root. Take Advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box. Plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to hungry root.com/mfm and Use code mfm. That's Hungry root.com/mfm code MFM to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry root.com/mfm. Code mfm Goodbye. Goodbye.


Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. The world Is filled with endless possibilities and every day is another opportunity to spend money late Stage capitalism, baby, and sense you're going to shop anyway. Why not invest at the same time? Acorns Is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You Don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change, start Automatically investing with that spare change and let time do its thing because the longer you stay invested, the more of a chance your money has to grow. Sign up now and join the over 13 million all-time customers who have already saved and invested over $22 billion with Acorns. Head to acorns.com/murder or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Tier two compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LC and SEC registered investment advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This is called Laughing when you're not supposed to at a funeral. Hmm. Hey gals just listened to the episode where you talk about laughing so hard when you aren't supposed to. Our favorite. I had to tell you this story. My sweet and perfect Mormon grandmother, Joan died at the age of 93 a couple years ago. Her only living sibling Barbara died back in 2020. It was covid time. So instead of bury her sister, we had her cremated with a plan to let her rest with my grandmother. When the time came in talking with the funeral home, when my grandmother died, we asked if we could just put my great aunt's cremains in with her sister. They were gonna bury the grandma. The cremains hadn't been buried yet. Okay. They vehemently said no, not unless we pay the quote paperwork and fees to the tune of over six K.


And it says, pretty sure in today's money that's gotta be at least nine K inflation. Yeah. We declined just to put them together. Well, But they're like basically like, oh no, no. That's a whole separate bunch of charges that we are not collapsing into one charge. Well, There's no two for one. Right here In a funeral. The morning of my grandmother's burial, we all gathered plan was to walk across the cemetery together to her grave site behind the hearse. We all had roses to place on her casket. My grandmother's favorite animal was birds of prey like owls. So I gave an owl stuffy to my 6-year-old niece to drop in her grave with her casket. She hugged it all the way to the grave and it was time she dropped it on top of her casket. It made a loud thud.


I was trying desperately not to laugh and refused to make eye contact with my aunt, sisters and mother. 'cause I knew we'd all die of laughter at this inappropriate time. This is because the night before I duffed the owl took my great aunt Barbara's cremains and placed them into the stuffed owl and sewed it back up. Hell Yes you did. Cheers. Stay sexy and don't let the funeral homes charges keep you from letting your family rest together. And I, should I say her name? I feel like I don't wanna out her, but, oh well Megan, she, her Megan. Megan signed her name. She's like, you know what, come for me. Come for me. She's already down there and buried. Yeah, that's brilliant. Yeah, I know. I love it. Breaking, breaking rules that don't belong.


Yeah. The rules that are rules just so they can charge you fees and get a cut. Totally. Is like, well then you get, now we're all, we all get to try to rip each other off if that's what your standing rule is. I have rules too. Yeah. The rule is you're trying to get me like get me, so then I'm gonna follow your rules and try to get you Yeah, I'm gonna get you. Amen. Okay, let's see. Oh, this is a classic hometown and it says, coming too close to a murderer is the subject line. Okay. Hi ladies. I've got a classic hometown for you. This story comes from my mom who has told it over the years and it gives me chills every single time. The first few years of my life, my family lived in a small town outside of Albany, New York. Early one morning my dad left for work and my mom decided to take her cup of coffee and her youngest cute little baby me out onto the front porch.


My older brother and sister were sleeping inside as she sat rocking me and enjoying the quiet morning. Something caught her attention. She watched as a man she didn't recognize emerge from the house across the street and walk up the driveway. As he reached the sidewalk, he stopped and noticed that she was watching and the two made eye contact. My mom got instant bad vibes. He just stood for another moment. As my mom busied herself with adjusting me in her lap and generally avoiding looking in his direction, he finally moved down the road. What my mom didn't realize at the time is that she had just witnessed this man leaving the scene after brutally murdering our neighbor. Holy fuck. Yeah. Here's what happened.


The previous evening, a young woman who lived across the street had a small party at her home. About an hour after all her guests had left, one man returned to rape and kill her. After assaulting her, he dragged her to the cellar where he used a wooden foot stool to bludgeon her and and slit her throat. Oh my God. Thankfully the man was arrested pretty quickly after her body was discovered, my mom helped identify him. Wow. Yes. But has said the whole situation was incredibly scary and traumatic. Of course, yeah. After being seen, he could have very easily decided to walk across the street to get rid of the witness. That's something my mom has thought about many times. Yeah, Definitely.


Yeah. So there's my hometown story, honestly, just another and a long list about men who so easily perpetuate brutality against women. It's sickening. So remember, stay sexy and drink your coffee inside. Love ya. Cam. That Is chilling. Yeah, that is like, she could have been the only witness to the fact that he was still there. Like his alibi is out because of her and Yep. He didn't do anything fucking thank God. That's wild. Also, it's just that the exponential vulnerability of a mother and her brand new baby. Yeah. Early in the morning. Ugh. Oh my God. And the poor woman. Ugh, wild.


Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. The World is filled with endless possibilities and every day is another opportunity to spend money late Stage capitalism, baby. And since you're going to shop anyway, why not invest at the same time? Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You Don't need to be rich. ACOs let you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change, start Automatically investing with that spare change and let time do its thing because the longer you stay invested, the more of a chance your money has to grow. Sign up now and join the over 13 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $22 billion with Acorns.


Head to acorns.com/murder or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Tier two compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You know how you can order groceries, book a flight, or text a friend all from your phone, Karen. Oh, I'm doing all three right now. Oh, well That's rude. But with Talkspace, you can also talk to a licensed therapist anywhere you have cell service. While therapy can be costly, Talkspace is affordable and in-network with most insurance providers. Most insured members have a $0 copay. Karen, where would you and I be without therapy in our lives? I mean, I think we would be in the middle of a fight, probably Face down crying in the middle of a fight. The amazing thing about what Talkspace offers is that therapy can be incredibly intimidating for people whose family doesn't do it, who aren't used to it, don't talk about things, and that journey can seem like a million miles when you are just starting out. And the idea that there is something this convenient right on your phone to help you start is such a great idea. That's everything Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider makes getting the help you need easy, accessible, and affordable. As a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to Talkspace dot com slash mfm and enter promo code space 80 To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to Talkspace dot com slash mfm and enter promo code space 80 to get $80 off your first month and show your support for the show. That's Talkspace dot com slash mfm promo code space 80. Good. Goodbye.


All right, well my last one is just completely not like that at all. Okay. It's called Dope Hometown Festivals. So here we go. Great. Hey y'all in mini, so four 17 oh and there's actually a St. Patrick's Day. Shout out in this one too. In mini. So four 17. After talking about one town's hotdog day, you requested more weird hometown festivals. I have two good ones. This one's weird. I'm from Richmond, Virginia, where every New Year's day we host the Cone Parade. Dozens of hungover people meet and parade through part of the city in full body cone costumes that range from rolled up poster board with names of metal bands written on them to full CNY works of art and wordplay and Alejandra.


Does this mean like like a traffic cone or are we talking about like an animal cone that you put on an animal when they get surgery? Can you look it up? I guess Traffic cone. My money's on a traffic cone. That's what I thought too. But let's, here we go. Okay. I've attended as both a spectator and a cone and how to blast Either way. There's a live dj, so there are a few stop for the cones to dance. AKA awkwardly bob up and down. A couple notable cones this year were a few chapel Rowan cones, UFOs, abducting cows with the cone as a tractor beam, a group of colored pencils and a dog in a cone and a dog in a cone. I love my weird city, Georgia. It's Literally like cone shape, like it's not a traffic cone, just the shape of a cone.


It Could be anything and it's just cone shape. Okay, that's easy. That Works. I now live in Savannah, Georgia. St. Patrick's Day is the biggest event in Savannah every year, which I didn't know that. Hmm. St. Patrick is celebrated for driving the snakes out of Ireland. So of course, a few days before the big event, a local group hosts a Savannah Slithering where people parade through the city dressed as snakes and carrying snake lanterns. What my, this is Vince's worst nightmare. My husband and I have already started our costumes for this year's slithering. How do you end an email? I have no clue. S, S, D, G, M. And thank you for all you do, Laura.


She they, Laura, you killed that ending. Incredible job. Yeah, the slithering is hilarious. Like slithering. It's just, it's like such the game of telephone of time where clearly when that first started, right? It made perfect sense. Was like the lanterns were, you know, whatever. I'm making up something from the thirties. This is how everybody lit things. Yeah. And now it just is like snakes with land turns makes no sense. I Do love these like adult gatherings like this, the SantaCon every year they have that like Ride to work in your underwear day in New York. Like I just love those little things where you can be a goofy adult, you know? Yes. I think people need it. Yeah. Make me happy. Okay, here's my last one.


Okay. The title says the title and then a dash. Don't read this title out. Oh no, I'm sorry. It says don't read title if read out. Got it. Got it. And we get right into it. Hi Pals, longtime listener. First time emailer. You asked for inappropriate laughter stories at a funeral. So here you go. Yes. My favorite, I hail from the emerald dial Dublin, Ireland. The emerald aisle would just be Ireland, but it's like hill from the emerald dial, Dublin, Ireland. Funerals here are long events of silent, awkward gatherings where no one really knows how to act or what to say to each other. And then I would add editorial note in parentheses until they all get drunk.


Right. And I was like, what? Where's the alcohol though? Yeah. And it's like, that's the first 15 minutes. Right. But now talk about when everyone gets three beers aboard. Anyway, a family member of mine sadly passed away. It was my first time attending a cremation. If you've ever, if you've never experienced one. Let me explain. It's basically the burial part, but at the end a curtain appears and slowly covers the coffin and music plays. It's very symbolic, beautiful and sad. Well, it usually is, I'm sure. Except for my family member's. Cremation. He chose the classic, Oh no. Mambo number five by Lou Bega to play him out of this world. Oh My God.


I can't sing it. We can't sing it, but no, But I love him. So what A hero. Hero. Yes. You read that correctly. The song about wanting a little bit of Monica, Rita, Sandra, and Tina suddenly started to blast out of the old speakers. Imagine the worst sound quality speakers banging out that intro. Oh, brilliant, brilliant. I didn't know the family member too well. So I burst out laughing immediately expecting everyone to be in on this joke. Yeah. And then in all caps it says, Nope. It was, this is A joke, a smiley face. As I turned around, I caught shocked and alarmed expressions.


It seems no one expected this song and it was brilliant. Yes. What started as an extremely sad moment turned into a joyful one and afterwards stories were exchanged about how funny he was and how he would've loved it. The moral of the story is stay sexy and pick a funny song for your cremation. Lots of love. Ya. She her. Oh my God. Like I love, I love this person. That's so fucking hilarious and amazing. It's So good to be like, okay, yeah, I'm gonna die. Yeah. Because it makes me feel like they maybe we're slightly on the younger side, right. To know that song and then to know how funny it would be. Right.


Did you see recently the thing going around that was like a grandma died and she had these cards made up to pass out at her funeral that had Ouija boards on it and said, keep in touch. Brilliant. Yes. Brilliant. So good. If you know your funeral's coming, do something funny at it. Yeah. Pay it forward. You're not gonna be here anymore. Think of others for once and Then have them write in their story to My favorite Murder, please. Alright, well is, Hey, happy St. Patrick's Day. Please. Safe and sane. The St. Patrick's Day. We don't wanna see you drink nine beers like you did last year. Come on. No green barf this year. Please. Come on. Come On. Stay Sexy And don't get murdered.


Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite Murder. Goodbye.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer Vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome To the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.