
This is exactly right.


The forest stores are everywhere you are, so just pop in when you need a brown lip to match your nineties playlist. A confidence boost before your interview or a last minute gift for mom's birthday. There's always a Sephora near you. Just pop in. Use our store locator to find your local Sephora or Sephora at Kohl's.


How do you make a vacation last? How do you hold onto the joy, the clarity, the calm, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white, sandy beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll meet locals brimming with gratitude for an island that redefines what a paradise can be. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


Listener note, we encountered some audio issues on this episode. Never fear. We'll be back soon with a beautiful sound quality you have come to expect from us. Hello, Hello And. Welcome To My favorite murder, The mini sode. This time I pressed record. What a great advantage we have on this episode where Georgia is actually gonna be a part of it. I think it's a great idea.


Let's keep it like that. I like it. Let's keep it and then have you read your email. Okay. This one's called Made Up Dad Stories. It just starts o You recently asked for made up stories by parents to make their kids behave, which I'm so proud of us for doing I mean Genius And voila, antiquing was a family hobby, but in order to keep his three young kids excited, little hands from grabbing and potentially breaking everything. My dad used to tell us, we actually had a fourth sibling, a brother, none of us knew, but he was the problem child. He'd touch everything in stores and run around wild. So one day his hands were cut off and he was sent in a boat down the river and never seen again.


It's still funny. I'm sorry. It's it's still, it's still funny. The second time. It's so fucked up. It's so fucked up. I'm like, where is that dad from? I don't know What the fuck. He told us that this was just what happens when kids misbehave in stores. It sounds like a fucking, this sounds like a plot line to Game of Thrones. Yes. Thank, you, Jesus. I can vividly remember thinking how crazy it was that I actually had another brother. Anyways, as you can imagine, we grew up to be three very well-mannered children and through checking with other family members learned that there was no other brother.


Oh, phh. Mm. Still enjoy antiquing and can't wait to pull that on a future child of mind one day. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. M and then it says ps. He also used to tell us on a day where my mom was out present shopping for Christmas that my mom had gone to the moon and that was why she was going to be gone for a while. I'd cry and ask why she didn't say goodbye and hope she had a safe journey. Luckily, she always came home From the moon. From the moon. That one is unnecessary. That one is teaching no one anything. No. We need to have a conversation with this dad before he becomes a grandpa and gets even worse. I wonder if that Dad was thinking, these children are too soft and they need to get You know.


They need to get toughened up a little bit. Yeah, so we're gonna, I'm gonna tell 'em some fucked up stories. Have them have the reaction. The mom walks in and then we just do that enough time so that by the time they get to like high school that no one can touch them. I mean they're three. Well-behaved kids. That's a hard thing to, to do. You know. I I'd imagine. Yeah. You better be when you're fearing for your limbs that I mean. I know I've told you the story probably five times over the years, but that's, it's my favorite story about my sister's friend Adrian and her three kids who she would just say, the man's coming, and she would act scared and then the kids would stop doing anything they were doing. Oh My God, The man's coming, or the man can see you. Who's the man?


Right. And like it's the funniest part to me is that Adrian is the most, I am not a theater person in any way, but when she, like Laura told me, and then Adrian reenacted it for me and I was like, holy shit. That's the craziest thing of all time. That Man's coming. Oh my God. The Man can see. I'm Gonna try that with my nephews, Like she was worried too. Alright, let's take a little left turn. Okay, please. The subject line of this email is loose uncut gems. That's the rated X version of uncut gems. Okay. My people I had to write in after listening to Karen tell the story of the Antwerp Diamond heist. Karen's description of these lads as both brilliant thieves and big dopes was very entertaining and made me reminisce about my time in the diamond industry.


Back in the early two thousands, picture a young Irish Catholic girl from the Midwest who had just moved to New York, paying just one month's rent in a shitty apartment in the Upper West Side. I found a job in the nick of time through one of my jam band friends. I met a woman who was a fourth generation jeweler who needed an assistant. She asked me what I knew about diamonds, to which I replied, they are pretty, for some unknown reason, she hired me. She was more Janice Joplin than high-end jeweler. She wore long skirts, carried a backpack, and was a total stoner. We worked together in a grubby building full of seedy humans handshake deals and under the table cash operations.


Karen's story in the description of the vault security and Antwerp made me laugh to myself. Let's just say my boss was very loose with how she operated both the diamonds and all that cash that she made from her private sales. Her desk drawer was full of job envelopes, pens, paperclips, and scattered loose diamonds. Jesus. Yes. Just diamonds flying around in her desk drawer. She also stuffed her backpack full of cash and would walk around 47th Street with the bag open and cash strewn all over. Inside. My internal OCD was off the charts most days. As I wondered how a person could be so cavalier with thousands of dollars worth of diamonds and actual cash, I'd be running behind her zipping her backpack.


I've had so many people do that where it's like this strap is off your purse and your shit is hanging on and be like, oh, so sorry, but it I don't have diamonds in my purse. You Don't have diamonds. I just have really good lipstick. I'd be running behind her zipping her backpack and stuffing money back into it. It was very fly by the seat of your pants back then. Anyway, the contrast between Antwerp's Vault and my experience with my old friend on 47th Street made me chuckle. You guys are the best, Kate. Ugh. Ugh. Just jobs. You don't realize like illegal shit's going on when you're in your twenties and you're young and it's like Right. The best, best. Also, it's like if she was a fourth generation jeweler. Yeah. Then she grew up diamonds were like coasters in my house.


Right? It's just like, right. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Those sure means to an end. Yeah. Didn't Care. That's cool.


Do you ever wake up in the middle of the night tossing and turning because it's too hot or too cold? A good night's sleep is all about the right temperature and miracle made sheets have figured it out. They're self cooling and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. Miracle made sheets are inspired by NASA and use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating. Miracle made offers a whole line of antibacterial bending that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth. And if you're worried about sacrificing comfort or quality, miracle made has bedding. That's as luxurious as a five star hotel without the hefty price tag. We got sent these miracle made sheets and they're incredible. There's nothing I hate more than waking up at the middle of the night all kind of hot and sweaty, and I tried them. It did not happen. I got a full night's sleep and sweat free when I woke up in the morning, so go to try miracle.com/murder to try Miracle Made Sheets today, whether you buy them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one. If you order today, you can save over 40% and if you use Code Murder at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20%. Miracle Made is so confident in their product that they offer a 30 day money back guarantee. If you are not a hundred percent satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade Your Sleep With Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/murder and use code murder to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/murder. To treat yourself Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode a goodbye


You. know I love Active Wear. My only problem is that active part. I love the comfort and style of a good workout set without the sweat, and that's where R Studio Collection comes in. It's built for every move and is perfect for every day. They've got breathable, durable, and sleek options from bras and leggings to tanks and hoodies. Rone really focuses on fit and functionality with their lux fabrics like cosmic knit and celestial knit. You get the freedom to move and breathe easily so you can perform at your best. Innovation is in every stitch. With Rone, they've crafted soft and supportive layers that are completely chafe free, and if you insist on working out, you'll stay fresh and clean all day long thanks to gold fusion anti odor technology. Get ready for confidence without the hassle. Ron's Women's Studio Collection offers incredible softness and performance with sleek flattering pieces that work for your entire day. I got to pick out some items from the Rone website and I picked this tracksuit that is so comfortable. It's so cool looking. It's a beautiful mov color, and it's just kind of a nice two piece set to wear. It's like going to the grocery store, but definitely looking better than average and really comfortable and You know. God forbid I have to jog up the street. I'm gonna be able to do that and look at doing it. The Rowan Women's Studio Collection can get you through any activity and straight into whatever comes next. Head to rowan.com/murder and use promo code murder to save 20% off your entire order. That's 20% off your entire order when you head to RHON e.com/murder and use code murder R for every day for every you forever forward. Goodbye.


Okay, this one's called Architects Listen to Murder podcasts, mini sode 3 95 follow up just starts listening to the mini sode related to the trapped in the bathroom story. That's the one where the kid was trapped in the bathroom and the mom took an ax and knocked the whole Hell Yeah. Axed the door down on my way home from a construction site visit. This memory rushed over me so strongly that I'm writing it down. Immediately. I was young, maybe 10 or 11 when I slammed my bedroom door so hard that it failed to open again. Trapped. I knocked and screamed as loud as I could to alert my mom, who was solidly into her days of our lives episode just downstairs below. When it hit a commercial break, she trekked up the stairs to see what the matter was when she tried and failed to open the door yelling at me to make sure it was unlocked.


We had no locks or to stop pulling on the handle when I'm trying to pull on it to trek back downstairs to call my dad. She came up about three minutes later and said, you'll have to wait till your father gets home four hours from now. No, The wait seemed to be forever made worse by being able to hear my siblings play out in our backyard in a perfect summer afternoon. Oh, my dad got home, came up the stairs and removed the pins from the door hinges and lifted the door panel off the frame. In under 60 seconds. I was free. My dad hollered at my mom. I walked you through how to do this on the phone. Rosa, why didn't you, she replied to teach her a lesson about not slamming doors in the house.


That's Right. I guess some moms are willing to tear down a door with an ax and some will let you rot away in a bedroom until you've learned your lesson. Oh, They were in their bedroom. For some reason I mixed it up and thought they were in a bathroom. No, I'm in a bedroom. Oh, you're fucking fine in your bedroom. I know. Right. Side note, I'm an architect who now at every opportunity I get lay outdoors to have their hinges on the outside to be readily accessible to parents needing to bust out their locked in children and hopefully avoid having to use axes to break them free. Yeah. Thanks for the laughs. Heather. Heather, I'm sorry I judged you. I didn't realize you were an architect. I didn't bring it all together, but I do think that's funny where, 'cause like when you're 11, that is the age where you're like, slam.


I don't want Out. Yeah. Slam Slam. We were just talking about that. It's so sad. You can't slam anything anymore. You can't hang up. You can't You know. Yeah. Everything's very, you have to figure something out. You have to attack people online. That's be, that's the better version. That's the new slamming the phone down. Okay. The subject line of this email is Strange Tales from a Victorian house. Ooh, dear MFM Thank you for your Hilarious and informative podcast, I often sprinkle in your stories into my art history lectures. Oh, that means we're teachers I mean, and you can quote me on that. Now. My story. When I was a broke student in the mid two thousands, I rented the attic room in an old Victorian red brick house in North Dublin Ireland.


Oh, Come on. Right. The house had many original features, including beautiful stained glass, stucco ceilings, and large original sash windows. It also had creaky floorboards drafts that would whistle like the banshee on a stormy night and very unreliable electrical wiring. But as I mentioned, I was dirt poor putting myself through post grad studies on very little, and the room was cheap. Another way of saving a few quid was to buy secondhand books. I had a stack on the floor next to my bed on days when I couldn't face the world or simply didn't have the money for bus fare. I would pick up a random book and hide in my attic room until I finished my restorative escape into a fictional world dream.


I either, I think when we're young, we don't understand that we are living the fucking dream. Is it raining too? Because it's raining, like, stop it now. Do you have a cup of delicious tea? Tea? Is there a cat? I'd love that. There's a cat. Come on. A little jazz in the background on one particularly stressful poverty stricken occasion, the book I was reading was called Possession By As Buy It. It tells the story of a post grad student who finds important letters in a book. As I got closer to the end, I folded the back cover and noticed that my book held a surprise to four crisp $50 pound notes fell out, and by a mad coincidence, it just so happened that it was the exact amount I owed my landlady that the main cause of that duvet day of avoidance.


Oh my God. So they were hiding in their room because they're like, I'm broke and I can't figure out how to pay the Rent. Do, yeah. Read a book about a person doing a thing and then you do the thing and then you, okay. That's beautiful. I couldn't remember where I bought the book so I couldn't return it. I still wonder to this day, if a past owner left the money there by accident or it was deliberate given the plot of the book. Either way, it got me out of a tight spot. I love this so much. Other strange things happened when I lived there, including some possible ghost sightings, but I'm skeptical of my own memory due to my student day's drinking habits. Anyway, the scariest thing that happened had nothing to do with ghosts.


One night I woke up panicking as hands were on my throat. As I struggled, I quickly realized they were my hands. It was a sort of sleep paralysis, and it took me a few seconds to move them. Terrifying. Dude. Stay sexy and don't strangle yourself in your sleep. Jess, she her. Wow. That's so sweet. Jess was really going through it up in that attic room. Yeah, That's, I love that. Yeah. My God. I mean not that strangling part


Nights are starting to get colder and there's nothing quite like cozying up with a warm drink as you wind down. And that's where Beam's Dream Powder comes in. Your new favorite bedtime ritual. This delicious hot cocoa isn't just comforting. It's designed to help you relax and drift into a deep restful sleep. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess, but Dream contains a powerful all, all-natural blend of Reishi magnesium, LT Nin, Apogen, and melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Now available in delicious flavors like vanilla, chai, brownie batter, and sea salt caramel with only 15 calories and zero grams of sugar just outta scoop to hot water or milk before bed. Then your body will ease into rest mode and the dream powder will support you through all the stages of sleep. Find out why Forbes and the New York Times are all talking about Beam and why it's trusted by the world's top athletes and business professionals. Look, I have a hard time sleeping. It's something that women my age kind of deal with, and the idea of just having a, like a nice cup of hot cocoa and then that is what enables me to sleep through the night is like, those are all my favorite things combined into one. I can't wait. Our listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. Their science-backed healthy hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. If you wanna try Beam's bestselling dream powder, get up to 40% off for a limited time when you go to shop beam.com/murder and use code murder at checkout. That's shop beam.com/murder and use code murder for up to 40% off beam. Better sleep has never tasted better. Goodbye.


Okay, my last one's called Trash Ants Care, Georgia and m fm. Crew and Critters. Hmm. Care salutations from the Midwest. Longtime listener, first time writer here. I am sure that you have asked for trash amp stories before, and boy do I have one. My aunt, Jody. It was my mom's older sister and sort of the black sheep of the family, you might say. She moved to Nashville from her small Nebraska hometown after college, was married to a convicted felon for a short time and never looked back. Hell yeah. She developed quite the southern accent, smoked Virginia Slims, drank rum and Diet Cokes and referred to us all as Yankees whenever she visited, and once inadvertently got me drunk at my grandma's funeral.


Oh, That's where to, that's the place to do it. That's, that actually is appropriate. That's right. It was circa 2001. I'm 14 ish. My nana had just passed away after a stroke post-cancer surgery. Aunt Jodi flew home for the funeral by being traumatized by my first big loss. Refused to leave Nana's house for a week after she died. Yeah. In good Midwestern fashion, people brought up bazillion casseroles and frozen meals and other assortments of food. The night after the funeral, several of my aunt's high school friends came over with a bottle up Bakari. Yeah. They sat around the table drinking and smoking, telling stories about Nana and their younger years. It was very entertaining and educational. At one point, my aunt, let me have a sip of her cocktail.


One sip turned into two, two into three, and so on. At one point, I think she gave me my own drink. She's mixing 'em up for everyone else. She's making, You're gonna stay here. It's not a big deal. You're just gonna end up throwing it up. Anyway, I'm about two thirds deep into my drink and I started to feel the Pues coming on. I book it to the bathroom and proceed to pray to the porcelain gods. I hear both of my aunts outside the bathroom door whispering, oh my God, is she drunk? How much Did you give her? Finally, and Jodi comes in, oh girl, you must have drank too many Mountain Dews. I looked at her like, what the fuck? And then she said it again with eyebrows raised. Ah, yes, I agreed. It was definitely the Mountain Dew.


I drank water the rest of the evening and woke up feeling just fine. She was one of the driving forces in me going back to school at 30 to get my nursing degree. I loved her stories about being a badass nurse in a large county jail in Tennessee. Oh shit. Where the inmates would lovingly call her. Miss Del, aunt Jody passed away at the height of Covid from end stage heart failure. I miss her every day. Some days I just wanna hear her voice and I'll play the last voicemail. She left me and smile. Mm. She was a spitfire and was always willing to answer my phone calls that usually consisted of talking shit about her sister, AKA, my mother, who I love dearly, by the way, any who Thanks for reading. Stay sexy and don't let your little niece drink too much.


Quote Mountain Dew Whitney. It's Whitney. It's spelled W-H-I-T-N-I and then it's pronounced Whitney, and then it says the I throws people off. Yeah. I mean, tell me about it. The eye throws people off In, in Georgia. Me? No, I, I me. I as in me, Just as a person. You throw people off. Yes. That almost made me cry. Yeah. Aunt Jody is a very real person in my mind now, and I love that fucking story. I love that she smoked Virginia Slims. I love that she was a badass nurse. Like hell yes. Yeah. I gotta be like her one day. Yeah. Wait, she was giving her Bacardi. Was that the, was it rum?


I think Bacardi It is like rum and Cokes gross from Diet Cokes whole. I could ta I can taste it As a big teen drunk Barer. You don't, don't go anywhere near rum. There's no reason to go anywhere near rum. Even As an adult, I don't fucking touch rum. That's just bad night. It's just sugary. And also, it's so easy to drink. It's so delicious and such a good, it mixes so easily. Mm. You're willing Like mistakes. Yeah. Okay. Here's my last one. I'm not gonna read the subject line. It says, hi, murder besties. So much love and gratitude for your both, but I'm a Karen, so let's get right to the story That makes me think of like, I saw somebody in public recently who was like, hi, I'm really sorry.


They literally were crouching over and whispering like I was gonna hit them in the face, and I was like, This is the best thing I've ever done. This just seemed like the most irascible like unapproachable person. I live in the Yukon in Canada. Ooh, the Yukon. Holy shit. Damn. And this hometown is a legend. In fact, I had to look it up to see if it was true. In the early eighties, During the breakfast rush at a hotel cafe right across from the police station. A man was murdered in front of all the staff and patrons legend has it. The customer sent back his eggs because they weren't cooked to his liking. The cook stormed out of the kitchen and stabbed him in the chest with a large kitchen knife more than once, and the victim died of these injuries, and the murderer later turned himself in and was charged with second degree murder.


Holy shit. I mean horrifying. Yeah. Just good Lord. Okay. Yeah. Also, today on the mini sode, Karen jokingly asked for fucking in public stories. Do you remember that? I kind don't remember. I don't. I didn't. I didn't think long time I worked blue like that. Oh, remember, because they were having sex on the A apart the roof of the apartment in New York and the cops person. That's Right. That's it. That's right. Yeah. I've thought about that story multiple times because the woman tells us she's a woman of color. Yeah. Where she's like, it was really embarrassing, but also I'm lucky they didn't kill me, where I'm like, yeah, Jesus fucking Christ. I Know Jesus. Okay. About 28 years ago when we were young and dumb, my now husband and I took a four by four ride up to the top of a large hill that overlooks our town.


The obvious part, you can guess. But we soon realized in the middle of the deeds, so basically they start, they get up to the top of this hill and they're like, well, I guess we are. We better have sex. Jesus. So the obvious part, you can guess, but we soon realized in the middle of the deed that this hill is in the direct flight path of where every single plane lands. At our only airport. I'm betting we gave quite the show to everyone on that plane that flew over not far above us, and every time I fly home over that hill, I remember that moment. Oh, stay sexy, Wendy. Wow. Twist turns A lot's going on up in the Yukon.


My God, I always think someone's watching me like at all times no matter what. So I don't think I'd be brave enough to do that. And I recently found out that that's actually a symptom of A DHD is that you think you're being constantly observed. Yeah, that makes sense. I don't know. I'm not fucking outside. Someone's watching. Exactly. I can barely fuck inside. I think someone's watching Jesus. Also, I don't want the criticism everyone's got. Everyone's got notes for everything. That's right. Well, thanks for listening. Send us whatever the fuck your story happens to be. I mean clearly. We just want human experiences to be related to us at this point. Yours is valid. We wanna hear it. Definitely. Also stay sexy And don't get murdered.


Good day. Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder and on Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.