
This is exactly right.


Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer Experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now, when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile, so outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


This season, let your shoes do the talking designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat. The SW has you covered. Find a shoe for every you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance, and more. Head your DSW store, or visit dsw.com today.


Hello. Hello And Welcome To My favorite Murder, The Mini. So Where we read you your stories, There are mini. Would You Like to go first? Sure. I'm not gonna read you the title of this one. I'm just gonna start telling you. Okay. Hey, all. In the late 1970s, 76 or 77, my mother-in-law and father-in-law were on a long drive going down the coast of California when they decided to pull over at night in the Santa Barbara area to sleep in their car, my father-in-law, a tall man slept sitting up in the driver's seat while my mother-in-law laid on the front bench with her head on his lap. My mother-in-law woke up to a loud sound disoriented and not able to see because her contact lenses were out.


She eventually realized my father in law was holding his neck and running around in a state of shock. She started to panic when my father in law eventually grabbed her and told her she needed to remain calm and flagged someone down for help, because all caps he had been shot in the neck. What? Thankfully, he was a Navy vet and he was able to stabilize the situation according to her how he was shot in the neck though, by a stranger who came up to their lonesome parked car and shot him from the outside where they were sleeping. Oh my God. My Mother-in-law said she flagged down a semi and told him they needed to get to the hospital because her boyfriend had been shot. Apparently the truck driver suspiciously asked, how do I know it wasn't you?


Who did it? A valid question look valid. It says like, okay, man. Good question. But clearly they need help. Any who, he called for help over his radio, and my father-in-law ended up surviving. They never caught the person or even had an idea of who did it. My mother-in-law says she highly doubts it was the Zodiac, but seems pretty Zodiac, wouldn't you say? Was it in California? Fucking Santa Barbara on the coast, which in the most recent Zodiac documentary about that one guy that they, Arthur Lee Allen, yep. That was in they, it's like there's a case in Santa Barbara. It's where he Started. Right? It's the early early And yeah, it a hundred percent fits. Well, the story is shocking. Rock solves a zodiac on this show.


Let's do it through Mini SOS for Someone else's work. Yes. Well, this story is shocking and fascinating to hear. I'd like to add that has made me realize in the grand scheme of things, when it's your time, it's truly your time. I never got the honor of meeting my father-in-law because he passed away unexpectedly when my husband was a baby. I like to imagine he was a smart and interesting man who was an amazing dad and husband and would be the best grandpa to our kids today. Just finding out that my dad has primary colon cancer that is spread to his liver, all appreciate all the time I've been able to spend with him, unlike my sweet husband who lost his dad way too soon. Sorry to end on a bummer note. You two are a safe space and I'm eternally grateful for this community.


You two have created S-S-D-G-M and hug your dad. M she her M. You're so right. Yeah. Mm. And also it's just my, it was my Aunt Jean's 90th birthday this weekend. Wow. And she looks great and is great, but my cousin gave a little speech, you know, before we, you know, sang her happy birthday and I never knew this about her. Her mom died when she was 12. Wow. And her dad sent her off to live with like a family friend. Oh my God. And that's like, it's just that kind of thing where it's like that primary thing. It's so easy to take your parents for granted. Yeah. And the upbringing you got totally, especially of you if you have complaints about it Totally.


Where you're just kind of like this old thing. Yeah. And it's like, mm. There's a lot of alternatives that are much worse than, Oh, I've said this to Vince a million times, whose mom died when he was very young. Like, I'm sorry, I keep complaining about my mom. Yeah. Because I'm sure like you didn't get any of those experiences. Yeah. Yeah. That's very sweet. Thank you em for that lovely email. Okay. They wrote out a funny subject line for this email, but then in parentheses at the end it says, may not want to read the subject first. Okay. Read it to me after. Let's not forget. Okay. So it says Hello, MFM Posse. You guys are great. My mom attended St. Mary's of Notre Dame in the sixties and my dad attended Notre Dame. My mom is a hoot and was a bit of a wild child.


She got the nickname in eighth grade nuts. That was her nickname. That's fun. Just straight up nuts. Nuts. Another time, I'll tell you the many pranks that she and her friends pulled on the nuns. However, this time I will tell you something a little less mischievous but no less awesome that she did. Yeah. As she tells it, my mom used to go out drinking with the priests from Notre Dame. Fuck yeah. She used To love to argue theology and philosophy with them while having a cold brew. I love Her so good. She had to check in her dorm every few hours though. It was strict in those days. You with The priest though, like you could stay out all night. They can do whatever they want. Fuck. Yeah. The priest would take turns driving her there and back so she could sign in at the dorm.


What is happening? Yeah, because They wanna have a good time. It's like some of the few, few things kind of lightly sinful things they can do is like drink and play cards a little hang out and chat. Yeah. Love it. And it's very important to like build those relationships. Yeah. Community. The community spiritually. Yeah. My mom really wanted to take a theology class with one of the priests she partied with problem. Notre Dame at the time was an all boys school. This would not be a problem for nuts though. She struck up a deal with the priest. She told him she would make him homemade spaghetti and meatballs every week if she could unofficially take his class. Needless to say, he agreed. Thus, as far as we know, my mom is the first woman to take a class at Notre Dame.


Oh my God. Unofficially. That is yes. Stay sexy and never underestimate the power. A homemade spaghetti and meatball dinner has over a priest. Molly, she hers. Those Are words to live by, But also nuts doesn't get the credit for being the first woman at fucking Notre Dame's. Bullshit. But we fucking know here on MFM and now All of you know listeners. I love her. I love that. That's what we call chutzpah. I know she wouldn't, but we call it chutzpah and I fucking like it and we should all be like that. It's so good. Wait, so we only got the name nuts. She didn't tell us her mom's real. Does She tell us in the beginning? No, I mean, what word do you need? I guess it is All I need. That is her government name to be. No,


There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist. Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh. But the best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too late. But with active guard, outdoor protection simply saves monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah, I turned mine on. Even when I go to walk Cookie, like mine is always on. Right. Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't. I don't think that's something we can ask for. But I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you are getting a bargain. Is it SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free? That's SimpliSafe dot com slash aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So How do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home and thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean we couldn't rave more And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable and so user-friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look at that near dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously, article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye.


This is called Former Banker Self Deposit Box. Treasures Anonymous, please. Yes, Please. Hello lovelies. I'm currently months behind on episodes, so binge listening in episode 4 41 from August, 2024. You asked for safe deposit box stories then. Then she says, so I hope this isn't too late as if we've ever been like, stop writing the thing we asked. Stop it. That's from six months ago. No, it's like no more Matrix glitch in the matrix stories and nah. Then it says, let's get into it. Never Too late for, that's just under the headline of treasure, which will always be valid. Totally. All of it. I spent almost 15 years in retail banking. She wrote in two stories, but they're really long, so I'm just gonna read the second one.


Okay. Because it says story two is much more scandalous. Okay, here we go. A man rented a safe deposit box at my bank. I helped him with the rental and he was charming and smooth. Think Miami Vice Total player. He visited the bank a few times a month, dressed to the nines to visit his safe deposit box. I live like a A date that he got dressed up for. Yeah, the safe deposit box. And I'm imagining if they said Think Miami Vice, then it was what? Like kind of a pink linen suit? Yep. White suit jacket, pink tie, all the things. Yeah, everything's kind of open and chest hairy. Yeah. But like so high end And tons of coke. Okay, Well one day his wife shows up and wants entry to the box.


No ma'am. That is not how this works. Your marital status does not give you ownership of a safe deposit box. So we turned her away. That's good to know. I Know, right? I didn't know that. She showed up about once a week, always approaching a different member of the staff. She knows what she's doing, trying to access the box and always getting the same response. You aren't an owner of the box, you cannot access it. After weeks of this, she shows up in a state of desperation screaming at us that her husband can't open the box because he is in prison awaiting bail and we have to let her in. We didn't. We couldn't. That's not how the law works. But Now that we had this tidbit about prison, the online sleuthing began, keep in mind that this is the late nineties, so the internet is not what it is today, but what the determination and burning through several work hours, we found the arrest records, several counts of manufacturing and selling fraudulent tickets to concerts and sporting events all over the state.


Oh, so random, right? It's so specific. I know. And then it says in parentheses, this might be a good time to inform the young MFN listeners that in the nineties there was no such thing as a QR code. Mm. Cell phones only made phone calls and event tickets were all paper. I fucking used to go right to the Hollywood and Vine ticket store. They like buy paper tickets with cash because they charged you less. Yes. And because they don't have a credit card, never had a credit card. Right? Exactly. Or like didn't they also sell em like tower records? Yes. And stuff. There were certain places you could go to get concert tickets. Yeah. That had like a little machine. Totally. But you had to go to them. Yeah. Oh my God. That's how it all was back then. Everything Was harder. Tickets were physical and fraud was much easier than it is today.


Fast forward a few months, multiple vehicles pull into the bank parking lot at the same time. This is just like the movies and here comes the wife again. This time being escorted by local sheriffs, state police, and no less than five US marshals. She's in handcuffs and I'm served a warrant for access to the safe deposit box, everyone through all the hoops. And then the warrant was valid and required the bank to allow us marshals to access and inventory the box a locksmith was called. I observed the drilling of the lock and then handed over the closed box to the US marshals and left the privacy room. Hmm. While sweet Jesus curiosity was killing the cat. When a US marshal came outta the privacy booth and said to me, here's the inventory list, I need you to make three copies, please.


You better believe I went to the copy room to make those copies and absolutely took a quick peek at the inventory. I mean, what human being would not, the Fact that they didn't make an extra copy for themselves is like, that means you're a saint. You know What I mean? No. What do you mean? Like I would've made myself an extra copy to like take, put it in my pocket, you know? But all anonymous did was take a peek. Do you think it you would do that because you're like, you won't tell me to not read this thing. I'll keep it for myself. Yeah. Like I need this for later. I need to show my friends this. I need this from my personal records. Right? Yeah. You can't take a screenshot of it because phones were just for phone calls. But also I think this was a time where it was easier to keep all that separate where it's like if you're the person at the bank, you're like, sorry, I can't ever put my eyes toward your very private thing.


Right. Where it's like that was their one and only chance to find out. Totally. Yeah. Absolutely. 'cause yeah, you can't get into like they don't have the keys. The inventory is tens of thousands of dollars in cash and hundreds of diamonds, emeralds, sapphires, and rubies. As it turns out, my customer was part of a large scale operation across state lines and one of multiple defendants tried in a RICO case, my customer, what's RICO again? Racketeer Influenced and corrupt organizations. So it's mafia stuff. Oh, It's like mafia stuff. Yeah. Cool. Okay. My customer charming and smooth was responsible for cleaning the dirty cash by converting it to expensive gems and stones and then selling those gems stones to a different jeweler to get clean cash in return.


But you'd have to know the d, the jeweler that would be just dealing in gems like that. Yeah. It's not just any place you go into. I'm sure there's enough around town. Think So. Yeah, because I think we should get into this. It sounds like a great business for us. I followed the case in the news for a few years and even all these years later, my palms get sweaty thinking about the day a crew of US marshals rolled in and the criminal who'd been utilizing our bank to stash his dirty earnings. Hmm. Hope this story makes the cut for a mini, so sometimes stay sexy and if you're thinking about committing fraud, just don't anonymous murder now Anonymous. You made it, you made the cut. You did it. Your name can't be involved, but we know at heart.


Yeah, we know who you are. God just, it stresses me out because all I can do is focus on the fact that you, you did all this work to make these fake tickets and rip these people off. Yeah. You made your money. You had to turn it into jewels. Yeah. How like where's those contacts and then you have to sell those jewels. Totally. Who's But I love the wife who just kept trying to get in to get rid of all the evidence. She Gotta get those jewels or like line her pockets with them. Them Totally Move the fuck out of town. I love learning that. It's just the person who, yeah, like safe deposit box. The concept of them were set up for people to have secrets.


Totally. That no one finds out about Illegal secrets too. Because like, yes, you can't put this in a bank, you can't have this at home. You can have it in the bank. It's just not deposited. Right. But it's safe. It's a secret in a bank. Where Did safety deposit boxes come from? I ask myself as I decide to do as an episode, Nazi. Nazi Nazis promise. It was Nazis. My dad saw the fucking movie, the Woman in Gold, which is about with the starring Helen Miron, about that clamped portrait that the Nazis stole from the Jewish family and she had to go fight for it. He talked about it all weekend. I Haven't seen it all at time. It's real. Well, It's good, but I mean that all of that stuff where it just Like, Oh Yeah, completely. Okay. The subject line of this is fellow finders unite, and then in parentheses it says, hold on, why isn't mine money?


Oh, got it. What does it mean? People who just find shit all the time and why isn't something I find all the time money, and that's what I'm guessing. Yeah, I think you're right. Okay. Because I've read this Hello fuck word, murder mystery hosts my eternal compliments to the dad who coined this. That alternative podcast name. Yes. It's my favorite piece of historical fiction. I love it. Yeah, ours too. We just did a rewind episode with that when that first came out. Okay. So it says, I just wanted to say to the recent listener who wrote in about their Chicago street money finding talent. Oh Yeah. Girl, What You two and then a parentes. It says, girl is meant to be gender neutral here for exclamation purposes.


So it says, I also have a weird knack for finding lost things, not cash money, unfortunately. So hats off to that. Incredible luck. But I have found the following. Oh my God, was this written by a crow and it's just gonna be a bunch of like, like weird shiny junk. It's like, yes. Things listing out a soda can tab. Yeah. A quarter. I gave 'em out to a little girl, A piece of corn. Okay. So it says, I have found so many sets of lost keys, my own keys when they're lost. Almost never. But keys strangers have lost at the park on a hiking trail in parking lot at grocery stores or on a river bed. Absolutely. Yes. Wow. Sometimes even if I'm not looking, I just happen to cross them and see someone looking nearby and I get to be a hero for a few minutes.


Nice. That's hilarious. Yeah. My favorite key finding story happened about three years ago when I went to the dog park a bit late one day after work. And while leaving as the sky had just fully darkened, I noticed someone frantically looking around with a flashlight. They seemed really stressed. Okay. So I asked if everything was okay. This person was on the verge of tears and told me they had been looking for their keys for almost two hours and they were already late for work. No joke. I found their keys in less than a minute. Oh My God. I love that skill. It's such a good skill. Yeah. Almost immediately after I started to look, they were just right in front of me and I was drawn to them right away, even in the dark. Wow. We both were shocked and they insisted that they had looked there several times before already.


I'm sure. Two, I also find random lost items that are still in perfect condition all the time. Like Burt's Be's Chapstick with the plastic wrap still on, I still wouldn't touch it. Yeah. Because why did the person just go like, No thanks, Unopened candy mints or packages of gum perfectly intact. Glasses and jewelry and once again, a favorite recent story. Just last week I found an unopened package of weed from a local dispensary on the ground. Yes. Still fully sealed and child proofed. Three credit cards, debit cards, and IDs. Wow. At least four times a year I find these items, someone lost in my path. I try to return them when I can, but I can't always find the person once I even found what looked to be someone's entire wallet.


Everything but cash dumped out on the ground. Oh, I can't wait to see what I find next. And I would love to know why isn't it all so street cash? I guess I'll have to take my random weed gifts and acts of kindness finding stranger's keys. For now. Stay sexy and keep your eyes on the potential prizes in front of you, Kendra. She Her. That's amazing. Isn't that so good? That reminds me of, so you're not obsessed with mud larking. Yeah. Which is like finding stuff in the Thames and all that stuff. But, and the thing I read about people who are really good at it at just finding treasure among trash is that our brains immediately want to spot manmade shapes. So not natural shapes. It just like makes sense that your brain just goes to like a button among rocks because it's circular and it's not supposed to be in nature.


Yeah. So if you just kind of think like that. Yeah. That you're looking for not natural shapes, your brain will find whatever's there. Yeah. Isn't that cool? Yes, for sure. I follow up a couple mud Larking accounts on TikTok and there's a woman who does it, and I'm almost positive she does this on purpose and it's so brilliant because she puts this thing down into the water so the camera is clear so you can see from her point of view Yeah. Looking at the river, right? Yeah. You've seen it. I butt love her. Yes. So it's almost like I was looking here and this is interesting. And then the, do you see It? Yes. Yeah. But then there's always something when she goes and picks up say like the button. Yeah. There's always something else in the shot. Totally. Where I'm like, why aren't you touching that over there?


Oh Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's potentially intentional so that it is a little more addictive. Yeah. Maybe. Or it's my suggestion. Hide a little, hide a little bird in there. Little piece of like China. Yeah. That's my fa my favorite one was the bird that time. Yeah. Where someone found like it was a bird whistle Or something. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. Yeah. That's amazing. So good.


You May love the finer things in life, like soft, cashmere silk and effortlessly chic fashion, But your bank account probably doesn't always agree. Fortunately We have Quince. With Quince, you can get quality luxury essentials without the hefty price tag. Like their Mongolian cashmere sweaters starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I feel like I need to apologize to people. 'cause I have like one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters in the dark gray and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times. And I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for $50 Quince cares about us. It feels like. It's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We Should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear different ones every day of the Week. I mean, I absolutely will Give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air fresh flowers, crisp mornings, that first warm breeze through an open window. It's the Time of year when everything smells amazing. And thanks to Pretty Litter Your Home Can Too. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ships free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean, a huge thing of kitty litter shipped to your door alone is an amazing convenience and perk. But then the fact that Pretty Litter helps you track your cat's health and make sure that your cat is doing okay as it like takes care of odor in your home. What more do you want? Yeah. As someone with an older kitty cat and looking at you Mimi, it is like such peace of mind to know that if something's going on with her kidneys, I'll know immediately instead of like months in the future when she shows me some other sign. Pretty litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's Pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy Pretty litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye.


Okay, here's my, my last one. I'm not gonna read you the, I'm gonna read you the tile. Is it Moron? Doesn't make any sense. Hello. I've been listening since I came out of the womb. Maybe a bit dramatic, but it really feels like that. I love you guys so much and sometimes forget how much the podcast has grown. I recently had a job interview and someone I met told me they were from Petaluma. Hey. I said, Oh my God, this tiny underground podcast that I listened to, one of the hosts are from there. And she said, yeah, people always say that when I tell them where I'm from. Imagine my surprise. Anyway, I never intended to write in, but I just listened to mini. So 4 23 and was inspired by the story about the falling priest.


Remember at the funeral and the priest fucking fell face down just like, like a timber and just like made everyone at the funeral laugh. Yes. Okay. Yes. But also there have been, so we've done so I know many of these, it's kind of like, yep, there's somewhere in there. Totally. Yeah. So that, that one was about laughing, needing a good laugh at a horrible time. Right. And how important that is. And so this then it goes on to say, in 2017 I had spinal fusion surgery for my scoliosis. And being 16 at the time I was treated at the children's hospital in the waiting room full of kids. Much sicker than I and loads of worrying parents. We anxiously wait to hear our last names so we can go over final paperwork before the surgery.


One of the nurses calls out for a family saying, is it moron? That annoyed Mom says it's Monroe. And then there's an emoji like just this flat line of like emoji in a way that sounded like that mistake happens pretty frequently. Yeah. In a completely silent room. My parents and I lock eyes and burst out laughing. A nearby family joined in and we shared a much needed cackle before hours of surgery slash waiting. This is a classic story in our family and you guys feel like family. So I wanted to share. Aw, stay sexy and don't yell. Moron in a room full of sick kids.


Emma, is it moron? Not moron. No. Our name isn't like Dan and Jean Moron. There's not. And we're here with our child. Whatcha talking about spit at You? There's nobody named moron. Probably I, I think they would change their name. I think So too. Okay, here's my last one. The subject line is bumper boats trauma. Lighthearted. Hi, I've been listening since 2016. Love you all. Wow. I Haven't I, when I was eight, my family went to the fair, my older siblings and I really wanted to go on the bumper. Boat attraction. Basically bumper cars on water. Have you ever done that? No. But it doesn't sound crazy, right?


Seems familiar. Yeah. But I haven't done it. Yeah. Each boat was equipped with rubber edges So you could crash into other boats without causing damage. Sure. Right. When we got in line, we could see the rule said ages eight and up could ride alone. I was elated. I felt so grown up ready to captain my own tiny vessel. I remember seeing a younger boy riding with his mom and thinking, ha, he's not even old enough to drive his own boat. When they released us, I realized the steering was a lot harder than I'd imagined. The wheel was very sensitive as everyone else was having fun driving around. I was desperately trying to control my boat. I was zigzagging all over the place. When the whistle blew to end the ride, everyone smoothly navigated back to the dock.


Meanwhile, I couldn't figure out how to steer my boat that way. Full panic set in the pool itself was not very big, but to me it felt like the ocean. I thought to myself, I'll never make it back to the dock. Every time I came close to the dock and the ride attendant tried to catch me, I'd unintentionally zip away. Oh, Oh no, I'm not doing it on purpose. This went on so long that the attendant started to put waders on to get into the water to grab me. Oh, Are you? And you're probably crying Humiliating. I'm So humiliating. Just trying to have fun at the fucking fair. However, before he stepped into the pool, an older gentleman who was standing near the edge caught my boat and was able to guide me to the dock.


Oh God. Relief flooded me as I burst into tears. Yeah. Meanwhile, my mom was laughing hysterically as she watched the whole thing unfold from the sidelines. She had to physically turn away. So I couldn't see how hard she was laughing at my terror once. It's Like the littlest bit of joy she's had in so fucking long. And also it's controlled danger, right? Yeah. It's like You're crying but nothing's gonna happen from this. This is, it's so hilarious. Once I was back on dry land, she took me in her arms and we decided that was enough rides for the day. Yeah, let's go home. Since then, I've always wondered if they raised the minimum age after that incident. I'll never know. SSD GM and always have a pair of waiters on hand.


Kelsey being A kid sucks so bad. It's a series of seeing other kids doing things. Yeah. Going, here's what I'm gonna do when I do that thing. Yeah. You go to do that thing. Not only do none of those things happen, but a series of other totally unprepared for and like unimagined. Yeah. Things happen and then you're like, oh humili. That's how I lived My humili childhood after humiliation. Constant. It's Why I don't want kids main, mainly 'cause I don't wanna live through someone else's horrible fucking childhood again. For for real. You know, for Real, for Real. I can't watch someone I love get bullied. No. Or humiliated. Like I just can't do it. I'm done. No, I'm done with that part of life.


Or hold their hand through it and be like, it'll be okay. 'cause it's like it's not. It's not. It Won't. By the grace of God it's fine. Right. You and I are fine, but like The good news is nothing's okay. So it It's true in a way we do have to keep on remembering and like you're saying, we just have to keep remembering and reminding each other. Always. Yeah. This happens to every single person. It does. It's just a different noun. It's not the bumper boats, it's just a different It's Pantsed. Mine is pantsed. Oh. It's just always something. Yours is tampons being thrown across it. Mine's the tampon suitcase. Yeah. It's also the day I watched a girl who was I think in fifth or sixth grade walk in. 'cause it was free dress day. I think I've told you this a thousand times. But this one killed my soul. 'cause I was in eighth grade and of course by, I went to Catholic school, so it was first through eighth.


So the eighth graders, by the time you're in eighth grade, you're like, I'm fine. And I'm trying, just trying to prepare for high school. Yeah. It was free dress day, which we got like, I think once a month. So very special. Everyone wore their best. Yeah. And it was a big deal. This little girl who was a lovely girl and I think she was only in like the fourth or fifth grade. And also our, sorry, I tried to make this fast, but our playground, because it was Catholic school, it was like part gravel, part unpaved. Like Okay, Bad for children to play on. Yeah. Literally a 45. Great. So Unsafe downhill. Yeah. Like you weren't allowed to run 'cause you would start and you wouldn't be able to stop, blah blah, blah. I'd never noticed this before, but in the entrance there was almost like a little lip of like asphalts where they kept having to pave over it.


'cause this is where all the kids walked in. But then the, then it was downhill started and this little girl walked in and immediately slipped and fell because she had brand new like Mary Jane's on. Yeah. Or hard shoes that she had not scuffed. And she got up and basically fell down like five times in front of the eighth grade girls. Oh no. And by the end, I mean it was mult four or five. By the end, me and my friend almost went to get her and then she finally made it up and like ran away. Oh my God. But it was one of those things where I was watching going, you'll always remember this. You'll never Forget this Moment. You'll, you'll, you'll always scuff your shoes. Yep. This has changed your trajectory. Absolutely. It's the kid who pisses themself or calls, calls the teacher mom on accident in third grade.


You'll never not be that kid. And you'll hold it like you think. That's the reason people don't wanna talk to you in a bar or something. But Everyone's fine. Everyone has that. Everyone's barfed and pissed and called people mom that they're not supposed to call Mom. We're gonna be okay. We're gonna be okay. We're gonna be okay. Stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder.


Goodbye.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


When things get intense stress, sweat can't be far behind. So let Dove Men Plus Care and a Purse Sprint help you stay calm when life gets a little uncomfortable. Like when you're sitting in the front row and an insult Comic starts work in the crowd. All you can do is smile and laugh along with the comedian Dove Men Plus Care and a Purse Sprint help tackle stress, sweat, and odor causing bacteria so you can get comfortable with the uncomfortable fight back against stress. Sweat with Dove Men Plus Care and Her Purse. Sprints available at Walmart, target and Amazon.