(2s):
This is exactly right.

(6s):
Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.

(39s):
You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed by clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The Results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver md. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye.

(1m 14s):
When your to-do list feels endless, let Audible turn it into a mini adventure. You'll Be the Robinson Cruso of vacuuming. You Can dive in to never flinch by Stephen King. Or you can get hooked on Mad Love an audible original that keeps you guessing With every chapter With thousands of titles and originals. Audible keeps your brain entertained while you tackle real life. Start Listening and discover what's beyond the edge of your Seat. New members can try Audible now free for 30 days and dive into a world of new thrills. Visit Audible.com/murder or text murder to 500 dash 500. That's audible.com/murder. Or text murder to 500 dash 500. Goodbye.

(2m 8s):
Hello And welcome To my favorite Murder, The Min. So Here it is. Look at at this. Look at at this. Look At it. Now you can't, there's no video on this. Fe Dry. You're not. Don't touch it with your eyes. Feast. Your I I. You wanna go First? No, you have it. Okay. You've got it. Newscaster style Right in your hands. You're excited Because this is a spooky hometown Ghost story. Okay. Hily ho Merinos. It starts. Is that the first time that's Happened? I think so. Wow. Aside from when Ned Flanders did it originally. Oh, that's Classic. In 1979, it just gets into it. My family moved to the Coastal mountains of Oregon into a fairly new single wide trailer on a wooded piece of property with a creek running through it.

(2m 54s):
At nearly the end of a nine mile dirt road. Nine miles is too long. I know. As someone from the country driving 10 minutes just to get to your front door from the street, What kind of weed are you growing back there? They lived in that single wide while my dad built the house I would eventually grow up in. I never lived in the trailer, but all my siblings did. I'm the youngest of four. My two sisters shared a room and then my 2-year-old brother slept on a little bed on the floor in my parents' room. Hmm. For several nights. My brother would wake up complaining that someone was walking on him. Finally, my dad retired of this ridiculous complaint and took a turn sleeping on the floor to prove my brother was just being in irrational toddler uhoh.

(3m 37s):
The next morning. He said he had a terrible night's sleep because someone had been stepping on him. The dad. Yeah. And they're nine miles away just from the road to get to town, run And get help. It's gonna be two hours. Yeah. If you're a 9-year-old And you need to run and get help. Yeah. See you. You better put your Adidas on. Right. You're screwed. Not, but a few nights later. Oh, I love the way that's written. Not, but a few nights later, my mom awoke suddenly and there standing in front of her was a little boy, about eight years old, holding a medium sized red rubber ball and staring at her What? Haunted trailer. I mean, that's scary. What? Yeah. Just say it's a neighbor boy, please. It's Not, it's not. My mom does not get spooked easily.

(4m 17s):
So she just calmly stared at him and he simply stared back. When she blinked, he was gone. It's a fucking ghost story. This is A ghost story. Yo, Roz, get the Roz hotline. We have a ghosted story for you. My whole family somehow shrugged this off. I feel like when you're living there And you can't do anything about it, you just have to explain it away in your head so you can just get through the day at night. Yes. Right. I, I love to also talk to that mom about what her childhood was like. That she's like, I think I'm just gonna go ahead and stare this ghost down. Right. Have you ever heard that as an option of somebody that's like, I think there's a ghost at the end of my bed. That means The living people were scarier than the idea of a ghost. That's right. Right. Badass mom times 25. Right. So then a few months later, the previous owners arrived at their door.

(4m 60s):
Eighties drop by style. Like that is so real. That is so real. Do you know what happened last night? No. I'm laying down after we record, after I had food poisoning. Oh yeah. A very tie tie and about to go to sleep and someone knocked on my door. Why? Right. So I of course freeze the dogs go insane and no one's there. Oh. And so then I have wait and I'm like, Hmm, what am I gonna do? And finally I go look out the people. No one's there. I open it. Ice cream. Is it ice cream? It's secret ice cream delivery. You forgot you ordered ice cream. I've stopped doing that. Okay, good. That I had to curb. 'cause it costs so much money. Yeah. No, I had been out of town, so I forgot to tell my house sitter to take stuff outta the mailbox.

(5m 43s):
So it was mail with a little post-it note that said, please clean out your mailbox. Oh, the mail may have to door deliver the mail because the mailbox was absolutely full. I hate when they ring your doorbell though. Like when you get a package delivered, it's like, I know. Yeah, Just throw it there. I see it. Okay, I'll be out there. But also there's something about the late night. It's like an eighties knock, But it was a thing where you'd like, Hey, I grew up here. Can I come in and see the house? Yes, totally. That's now at ploy. Don't ever believe it. Of course not. But it totally used to be a thing Completely That was okay. Or also Just like friends and acquaintances being like, Hey, I was in the neighborhood. What's up? Right. So the old people, the previous owners arrived at the door eighties, drop by style to see how they were getting along in their new house.

(6m 23s):
Completely unprompted. They asked if any of them had seen the ghost of the little boy. Oh Shit. It was then that my mom was finally shook. The story goes, there was a town at the turn of the century up Langlois Mountain called Okie Town, which was a lumber milling town. So spooky already The old incinerator is just up the road from my parents' house. Ugh. There lived a boy named Raymond West who was playing with his ball when it rolled into the creek. He went after it and drowned. Horrible. To be clear, in the summer, this creek as safe as could be and really more than calf deep, but in the winter and spring it will easily sweep you away. My parents were able to find old news articles of the story in the library and it all checked out.

(7m 3s):
Oh. So he ran after the ball that they later saw him with And now he's like, Hey, you wanna play? Okay you guys? Oh, Finally, when we were all living in the house, my dad built, my sister was poking around at random books on our massive bookshelf when she found a small old tattered book she didn't recognize. It was an old elementary school primer, Dick and Jane style. And when she opened it, the name Raymond West was written in cursive several times throughout. Oh my God. Thanks for trudging Through that lengthy read the local paper, eventually did a story about it and it's been a tale we tell in my family since I can remember. The trailer is still there and it's still scary as hell to be alone in Hell no.

(7m 43s):
Nine miles up the road. Love you ladies and your whole crew. Stay sexy and don't play near the creek in winter. Mira Bell. Wow. Yeah. What a story. Ghost story for Summer. Summer Ghost story. Yeah. Summer Ghost story. Can you guys send us more summer ghost stories? Yeah. You do not have to wait for fall. Here's a summer not ghost story. Okay. And it's timely to our main episode from Thursday and the subject line is Hotdog Day Gone Wrong at the Health Department. And then it says Three minute read and it just starts. Oh hey. I've been listening to you since 2017 and I love you both. I work for a department of public health in a large metro area. Our department is a shit show and we've made local news multiple times in the past year ranging from a nepotism scandal and false timekeeping to toxic mismanagement.

(8m 33s):
Ouch. The situation below is just one of the many somewhat unbelievable things that have happened here and now. The rest of this is totally unbelievable. Not to accuse anybody of lying at all, but it is, as I was reading it, I was like, you've gotta be fucking kidding me. Okay. So it was hotdog day and then in parentheses it says why our health department had a hotdog day is beyond me. That's The opposite of health. It Just, it starts insane. Yeah. Not many people were grabbing hot dogs. So one of my coworkers feeling bad for the people who organized the event got a vegetarian hotdog. She came to regret that decision because by that evening she developed food poisoning. Oh no. Back in our office. A new employee had just started and was setting up her cubicle.

(9m 16s):
I guess our division director at the time thought he would show off by tossing a bottle of barbecue sauce in the air. Well, he hadn't noticed that the cap on the bottle was loose, so it flew off and barbecue sauce went everywhere. Oh God. A lot of it landed on the new employee's desk. No. Getting on her new laptop and ruining some of her paperwork. A big glob landed on our carpeted office floor around the corner came my coworker. Who doesn't like to wear shoes? Oh no. The, it's, that's a policy in an office. You must wear shoes. That's a health department at the health department. It's absolutely required at the health Department. As a non naked foot person.

(9m 56s):
I am. This is the worst. This is my worst nightmare. Okay. Go At work. Sure enough, she slipped in the barbecue sauce. No. With her bare feet. Ugh. And then that noise you made is the emoji where it looks like Yeah. Like kind of barfy. Yeah. And then it says, let me remind you that the food poisoning barbecue sauce and barefoot incidents all took place at a health department. Honestly, kind of embarrassing and kind of the thing that should only happen on tv. But in all seriousness, most of the people I work with are smart, hardworking people who are passionate about improving health outcomes in our community. Hmm. The attacks on public health at the federal level are scary and disheartening. Some ways to support your local health department are interacting positively with their social media accounts and reporting misinformation in comment sections, talking with your friends and family about current health issues and utilizing their services and wearing fucking shoes.

(10m 49s):
How about that number one? Let's put that at the top of the list. Yeah. Shoes required. Yep. We're back in the email. A lot of health departments provide immunizations, safer sex supplies, Narcan, primary and dental care and more. Whoa. All of which are available to the public. I didn't know any of that. That's Incredible. Yeah. And then it says, anyway, stay sexy and don't trust Hot Dog day. Hot dog day. And then this is unsigned and our producer Molly says, this is unsigned. I'm assuming because it doesn't make the company look great. Right. It's like, it sounds like an episode of Parks and Rec though. Can we be honest? Completely. Yeah. You can cast that so quickly. Yeah. Can I just tell you very quickly that along the lines of the guy with the barbecue sauce, when I used to work on the Daily Talk show that I used to work on, my friend Vicki, who was a producer, she and I would meet before work and walk around my neighborhood for an hour to like get some exercise in.

(11m 42s):
Yeah. Together, we'd both get ready at my house and we'd go to work, which was like three minutes from my house. And one morning we did that And we were in my car ready to go to work and I had one of my drinkable yogurts that, that I love and we were talking and I started shaking it up, but the cap was off. No. So I literally in the Honda Fit. Yeah. Just shook a drinkable yogurt all over us And we both just, just got at least It was both of you though. I know. It's, it just went everywhere in the car. Oh my God. Because you know when you're like going to shake something that's kind of thick, you're like, oh, I have to kind of really hard shake. Yeah. You don't hold back. Oh my God. It was like I was doing like a champagne spray in the car with drinkable yogurt and then we first thing In the morning.

(12m 23s):
Right. First, first Thing in the morning. Oh my God. And we just both like look at each other dripping in yogurt and just get back out the car. Go back inside. We have to get ready all over again. Oh, could you smell? So, oh my God. Insane. That's amazing.

(12m 39s):
Hey, good drivers. Yeah. We're talking to you. The ones who don't speed. The ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver And that means you could get better rates with Route insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just to slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and Conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for to tells

(13m 36s):
Summer's here. And if you're over the age of 11, guess what? You still have to wear shoes. Mm. Might as well get comfortable with Bombas getting Serious about running Bombas. Athletic socks are designed to fight blisters wick sweat and keep you comfortable whether you're on mile one or Marathon training. If you're planning your summer vacation, they even have socks that can make international flights bearable. Bombas compression socks help curb aches and keep those legs energized for all the sightseeing ahead. Headed to A wedding, Bombas has ultra soft dress socks that work with heels or hard soul shoes so you can stay comfy and keep dancing. And you know what goes great with new summer socks, fresh white t-shirts, waterproof slides, and a few pairs of buttery soft underwear. Bombas makes all of that too. That's really true. I actually got some t-shirts and some underwear the last time we got sent some Bombas stuff 'cause I've so many of their socks and love them and all of the other stuff is as high quality. Just like it's your go-to thing. Super soft, super comfortable, great to wear. It Is. I love those undies. Sorry I said undies. Head over to Bombas dot com slash mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/mfm. Code MFM at checkout Bombas dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. Goodbye.

(14m 50s):
This is called How my Parents Helped. Give me Anxiety. Mm. We all have one. Let's all read our emails now. Stories. Dear Karen, Georgia and the exactly right family. I started listening to MFM at episode 16, blood Murder 16 Magic. Okay. And while that episode freaked me out, because you talked about Chandra Levy and I was a new graduate living alone in dc, I knew I had stumbled across something special. I have relied on hearing your voices to get me through a lot from simply looking for a laugh or needing a savior from boredom at my desk job to calming my ever present anxiety. I have listened to the entire catalog four times and it will soon be five with the rewind episodes.

(15m 30s):
Girl. Wow. Thank you for the numbers. I mean, you are putting in serious numbers for us. Thank you for my home. You're the street team. Thank you for the house I live in. Then it says, thank you for more than I can express. So yeah, great. Back, Back at you. Speaking of that, ever present anxiety? I have a story about nineties parents that may indicate why I am now heavily medicated. Ditto. I don't wanna call them trash parents because they're still my best friends, but when I heard a recent mini, so I finally decided to send this in. Cannot Wait for a trash parent story. No. Also parents, plural, like it's not just trash Dad. Yeah. There's nobody looking out for you for context. My name is Katie and my sister's name is Jenny. This is important for the story.

(16m 11s):
When I was a child, my dad chose to get us to behave in an interesting way. The house I grew up in backed into a wooded area. When we would misbehave or complain, my dad would say, do you hear that? That's Sadie. She's your sister. But she misbehaved and now she lives in the woods. No, my God, You cannot threaten your child with the fake fate of another child Who's banished, banished To the forest. Obviously a terrifying thing to say to your small child. I wasn't sure if I believed it, but why risk it? Right. At a young age, I knew I wanted to stay outta the forest. When my little sister got a little older, he would say the same thing.

(16m 52s):
Shh. Do you hear that? That's Penny. She's your sister, but she misbehaved and now she lives in the woods. Luckily, a little sisters usually have the ability to do what older sisters can't, which is pushback on authority figures. That's right. Yay. She simply told him it wasn't true and it became a long lasting family joke. Over the years, if I got frustrated with my parents, I would joke that I was going to join Sadie in the woods. Or if we heard a weird noise, we'd say, oh, that's Sadie. Or, oh, that's penny. Years later, I had to write a scary story from one of my French college classes and I based mine on this sweet quote, childhood memory. Yes. That's actually, that'd be a great Story. It's great. It's kind of pet cemetery ish. Yeah, Yeah. But with sisters, let's just say the professor looked very concerned when she returned my paper.

(17m 36s):
Needless to say, you gotta base it in reality. Yes. Face fiction reality and it's believable. Right? What? You know, Needless to say, in my adult years, I have had lots of therapy and I am happily medicated. Stay sexy and maybe find a different way to get kids to behave without giving them trauma. Katie? Ps I made my mom a morino. Sorry for spilling the beans. Mom, love you. What if her mom's name was Sadie? Oh yeah. We sent your mom to the woods. Oh my God, That's so good. I have already told the story of Adrian saying to her kids, yeah, be careful. The man is watching, which is like, if you have more than one child, it sounds Like religion though. Honestly. It, it's, It's, She's basically, that literally is, it's Catholicism in a nutshell, but also like when you're in public and then you, there's three individuals who haven't been here for very long.

(18m 22s):
Yeah. You Brains, You've gotta get them to like snap to Totally. For their own safety and everybody else's like, yeah. Sanity. You've gotta threaten those kids. You got to make them insane. Alright. This email subject line is, listen to that little voice. Hmm. It says, hi Karen in Georgia. Thanks for keeping me entertained on all my long runs. I'm one of those crazy people who runs marathons for fun, Honey. How? And then it just says, but let's get into my story. A few years ago I went to a coworker's wedding in Columbia, South Carolina. After the ceremony, the plan was to hit the college bars since it's a big college town, but first we were supposed to meet the bridal party at the bar in their hotel.

(19m 3s):
My group was staying at a more budget friendly spot, so we grabbed an Uber over. When we got there, we couldn't get in touch with anyone from the bridal party, and the front desk informed us that the hotel bar was closed, so we decided to hit out on our own and explore the local college bars. Would you go to a college bar now? Definitely. Absolutely. Yes. Good Times. Maybe. Yeah, I would, yeah. Maybe I'm thinking of a dive bar though, like a sports bar that's really loud and sticky. That actually doesn't sound great, actually, you know? Yeah. You know why? Because they always have quiz night. Every night is quiz night And you walk in and it's so loud. Yes. Okay. The answer's no, It's a no. Yeah. There was a bar, boys I went to high school with went to Columbia.

(19m 43s):
This was like in the late eighties, and there was a dive bar that they used to go to that beers were 25 cents until the first person peed. I've told you this story. No? Yes. Ah, that would be so hard for me. So If you were the person that ruined it, like everyone in the whole bar hated you, but then people got so drunk they were like, yeah. People like beyond shitfaced. You know someone had a diaper on for sure too, right? They right. Yes. Somebody, somebody goes, goes to New Year's in Times Square. Oh my God. Okay. Okay. We ended up in a place packed with 21-year-old babies when we noticed two people, a man and a woman who looked closer to our age standing at the back bar. Naturally, we started chatting. They told us they were siblings. She worked at the college and he was visiting from the military.

(20m 25s):
They suggested we drink at his hotel bar, which sounded sketchy, but we were trying to be polite. No, don't be Polite. Don't. While we were still chatting, I happened to spot a guy wearing a brewery t-shirt from my hometown in Maryland. I got excited and started talking to him. That's when things got weird. The woman suddenly stormed up to me, got inches from my face, and started yelling at me for quote, ignoring her brother. What? I was stunned. Even worse, the way she positioned herself between me and my drink set off alarm bells. She got so close that I could no longer see my glass. Something in my gut told me that this wasn't just weird. It was dangerous. Oh my God. I quickly grabbed my friend, Lindsay left my drink on the bar and walked out.

(21m 8s):
But as we got to the front door, that little voice in my head spoke up, turn around. I did, and saw the guy was following me. His quote unquote sister was nowhere in sight outside. I spotted a group of guys standing on the sidewalk. I walked straight into their circle and said, I'm with you. Pretend you know me without missing a beat. They played along and the guy walked right past without saying a word. To this day, I don't know for sure what their intentions were, but I'm convinced they tried to drug me and had something sinister planned. Absolutely. I mean, it's so weird, So creepy. Also, when you meet people and they're like, we're brother and sister. Yeah, but you're like, you're not though. I wouldn't go to a fucking bar with my brother.

(21m 51s):
What would we do? We wouldn't do that. Yeah. What are you doing? No, the kicker, the hotel they were trying to take us to the one with the bar? Yeah. It was the same hotel that actually had no bar. Oh. Like the original bar That they planned to go to, and then they were like, oh. Oh My God. I hadn't put the red flags together in the moment, but thankfully I listened to my gut. Yeah. And then it just says, Danielle, that's Incredible. I also do love and think everyone should utilize no matter what the pretend I'm with you. Yes. To groups of people. If you're alone and you're scared, like they will follow through with it. Don't worry about being weird or embarrassing. No, no. Get people gathered around you to help you.

(22m 31s):
Yes. And like more than one so that people have a chance. Also, it's like whether a man or a woman, someone maybe a little larger in stature. Yeah. So, or like if you're two people who are alone, get together. Yeah. I just, I'm a really big, I'm a really big advocate of that, And I think that people these days, especially because of social media, are just getting hipper and hipper. Totally. To like, if somebody came up to you and said that you would be all over it. Absolutely. Yeah. We get it.

(22m 59s):
There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're root And we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education. When you take the test drive. Using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to root. We're taking an old industry and making it fair root insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for the towels.

(23m 56s):
Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trod wife, but let's be honest, we all need reliable wireless And that's where Visible comes in. Visible Is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the Go Visible Runs on Verizon's 5G network so you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're Talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible plus Pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus It's all digital. You manage your plan in the app And you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month for their Best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye.

(24m 51s):
All right, here's my last one and it's kind of how I want my life to be one day. Okay. Beach combing treasure. Hi ladies. First time writer here. My sister told me about your podcast back in 2016 and I started a few episodes in and have been along for the ride ever since. Wow. Georgia was talking about mud larking on mini, so 4 26 and explained how our brains can pick out unnatural, manmade shapes in a beach slash rocky setting. That made me think of my favorite beach combing fine. And I had to write in, Ooh, I'm so excited. Whatever this is, I'm gonna love it. It's Victorian. Is it really? We have been spending summers in Prince Edward Island since buying our little seaside cottage in Graham head. PEI in 2020.

(25m 32s):
Okay. Let me have that fucking life. Please Give it over. I need that. And then I go beach combing every day. Yeah, Exactly. Our Three kids have loved every second spent by the water and playing on the beach. One of our favorite things to do is hunt for sea glass and random little treasures, and she wrote Treasures. Oh, that wash up. We have collected dozens of mason jars of sea glass and other strange fines, buttons, Lego pieces, marbles, cow teeth, seal bones, sorry, et cetera. Hold On. She went off a cliff there. Cow teeth are horrifying on a beach. Unless, I'm just thinking of horse Teeth. Yeah, horse teeth are terrifying. I mean, either way, why Would cow teeth be on the beach? What Are they doing to those cows?

(26m 12s):
They jumped overboard on the, and then they, There's, you know that bridge in England where dogs jump off? Oh, I don't wanna talk about That. Very sad. But what, what if there's like on Prince Edward Island, there's, there's like, like Don't go over there. That's where the cows jump. Oh Geez. Cow jumping. Sorry. Wait. And seal bones. Yeah. Dark Over the years and this past summer, I found the coolest thing, A big dead seal carcass. It was a whole cow dead. I love it. It was so Cool. It was a cow hugging a seal. I knew you'd love it. My husband and the kids were up ahead getting a head start on finding the good stuff. Well, I doled behind. You always gotta be the dahler kinda brush shit. Just as we were about to head back to the cottage, I spotted a little white fleck that resembled a teeny person up ahead in the sand and rocks.

(26m 56s):
I immediately went up to it to check it out, and it was this little white ceramic lady. I picked her up and couldn't believe what a random thing it was to find. Almost like a little, it sounds like a porcelain doll almost. Yeah. Like figurine. Unsure of what this was. I posted her on my Instagram and a follower commented that she was a very rare find and gave me the name of what it was. It turns out this little beauty was a rare ceramic doll made in the Victorian era made between 1850 and 1920, according to Wikipedia, called a Frozen Charlotte. Oh, Have you heard of that? No. There's too much info about them to include it all in this email. But the gist is that they were made after a poem called A Corpse Going to a Ball by Seba Smith.

(27m 38s):
It was published in 1843 in the newspaper, and it was about a young girl freezing to death in New York in 1840 while on her way to a New Year's Eve ball. She didn't listen to her mother when she told her to bundle up and she froze on the sled next to her date. Charlie, Jesus Christ. Jesus Cautionary tale Ple. Please bundle up on your sled. Oh, You're gonna die. The dolls were made as a reminder for children to listen to their parents and be obedient. Oh, it's just, it goes back farther than the nineties. So much further. Yeah. We thought we had it bed. They were very inexpensive to buy and were tiny enough to fit into a jewelry box, making them super popular with children at the time. I guess some people would also bake them into cakes, kind of like morbid money cakes according to the internet.

(28m 23s):
You could also get little caskets for them as well. What are we talking about? I mean, Victorians were fucking goth as shit. They so were, but I just feel like I would've heard about this before. I know. I'm so jealous. Never Any who. She may be a little terrifying and quite possibly a lot haunted, but we have her displayed on a shelf at the cottage with all of our other weird and wonderful beach fines And we love her. Thanks for reading this. You got me through some dark times. After losing my dad in 2018, I picked up a hobby of embroidery and now have been selling it for almost six years. Hell yes. Doing that and listening to you both and your humor has been such a great distraction from everything I was going through. Can't thank you enough. Love you ladies.

(29m 4s):
Stay sexy and check those beaches for creepy little Victorian dolls. Meg Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, and she's at Embroidery by Meg Elliot. And also she sent us a photo of the doll. Yay. Oh my God. So we'll include it on the Instagram, this post. Yeah. We'll post That up and we'll tag you, Meg. Oh my God, I'm so excited. Maybe she should make an embroidery of a frozen Charlotte that we can put on our shelves behind us and it says Treasure. Treasure over the top and then, but it's like just a dead girl in a sl. That's our order. Can we place a special order? Can we place a special order that you ship to a stat meg? That's so cool. Yeah. What a feeling where you're like, like, oh, that's just a another little piece of white shell.

(29m 44s):
Yeah. And it's like, no, it's a whole fucking statue. It's an entire email to my favorite murder. Whew. Amazing. Okay. This email subject line is Johnny Get The Gun and it just starts. I've grown up in an Irish Catholic family where my grandma had 16 first cousins, most of whom were badass women who taught me how to fuck politeness from a young age. I had 27 cousins. Jesus. So go to hell. Just kidding. Tell me what more I have like 12 ish. Yeah. I've Met a good percentage of your cousins. I feel you have. Yeah. Yeah. My great grandma, Franny, aunt Dottie and Aunt Jenny were sisters who decided to live together in their seventies when their husbands had either passed or left. And then parentheses, it says for the better.

(30m 26s):
It says they lived in Downey, California near a big open park, and one night Franny woke up to someone trying to break into the house through the window above her head. She woke her sisters, and once they realized what was going on, Dottie screamed Johnny get the gun. Thankfully, scaring off the intruders. Hell yeah. What the men didn't know was that none of these brilliant ladies had ever owned or shot a gun in their life. That is so smart. Dottie's quick thinking likely saved their lives because when they tried to call the police, they realized the phone lines had been Cut. That's so sinister, Which is honestly always the scariest part. What were these people planning? Yeah. Well, and also, I'm sorry, but to track it, and I don know what the timing on this is, but it makes me think that's something the Night Stalker did.

(31m 14s):
Totally. And it's in Downey Down. Yep. Okay. You're right. Anyway. A hundred percent okay. Anyway, The phone lines have been cut once the police finally arrived after using the neighbor's phone, they said the men likely watch their house for days or weeks from the nearby park, choosing a house with three older women who might have money and planned to end their lives or worse. Fuck. For Sure. Thank you for creating a community. So we're just outta that story now. That's That's it. Oh my God. These Sisters outsmarted these pieces of Shit. Johnny get to going get the gun Suddenly. Everyone's from the south for some reason. Oh, it's a cartoon fucking southerner. And then it just says, thank you for creating a community for current and future badass women to come together.

(31m 58s):
I know Franny, Dottie and Johnny would absolutely love this. Fuck word murder podcast. Yes. Stay sexy and get yourself an imaginary gun, Amanda, that's So good. Woo Woo. This one's to Franny, Dottie, and Johnny. Thanks Guys. Do you have stories like that or anything else? Anything? Operating Phone line cut. Yeah. Have you ever been a phone line operator or like a, were you a 9 1 1 operator? Oh my God. Oh, tell us everything. Good Lord, that you can legally please tell us and send it to my favorite murder at Gmail. And Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?

(32m 39s):
This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Keck and Molly Smith. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Kuchi. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly Right's YouTube page. And while you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.