
This is exactly right.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or B-cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. There was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy, and we have that because of St. Jude, you can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives.org.


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments, and protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh, yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I US a.com. Or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


Hello, Hello, And Welcome To My favorite Murder, The Mini. So We read you any kind of story you send us, you should See the shit we're looking at. Oh my God. You should see the shit we don't use. Oh, you should see the stories that go on for four pages about your grandma's clam chowder. Make it three pages and we'll read it. That's all we ask. Yes. You wanna go first? Sure. Okay. This one's called My Cara Knot legacy story. A Hoy Hoy to the lovely people of the fuck word Murder mystery show. Hey, longtime listener. Longtime writer. Eventually one of these will make it onto the show. Could this be the one? Let's find out. It's happening. Guess What?


When I was listening to episode 4 74, it cleans ducks. I was so struck by George's telling of the story of the tragic murder of Kara Knott and the lasting legacy her family worked to protect. Mm. Then I realized that her lasting legacy goes far beyond the Memorial Garden. Her father put so much work into Remember the story? Yeah. Where she was parked at the It was the cop. Yeah. In San Diego. Yeah. El Cajon. Yeah. I'm a local prosecutor, and despite gains made by women in the legal field, it's still a bit of a good old boys club. Yeah. I mean, that's Everything we Know. That's everywhere. It's getting worse. I cannot tell you how many cases I've been assigned to either file or prosecute that are sent in by male officers or filed by male colleagues where a woman is charged with resisting law enforcement in a vehicle, which is a felony.


Here, the facts are always somewhat similar. Late at night, a solo female driver driving a little bit extra after the lights and sirens are activated to get to a gas station or other well-lit place. Yeah. Then a completely compliant woman, and yet that extra 10th of a mile means this goes from a ticket for a broken taillight to a felony case. Shit. Every time one of these cases hits my desk, I have the same reaction dismissal. When I finally dismissed quote too many of these cases, my supervisor and a very angry male cop sat me down and asked why I kept doing this. I explained that as women learning how to drive, we are frequently taught never to pull over on a dark road when we are alone.


They scoffed and said that was preposterous. Women were safe to pull over anywhere. Would you like to listen to our podcast? Right. Or any of the other millions of true crime podcasts. Yeah. Filled with stories Are safe, nowhere women to do nothing. It Is a fantasy. Men have that women live the same lives as men. Right. And that just because they're not that kind of guy. There aren't any of that kind of guys. Sir, Sir, sir. Sit down. I recounted the story of Kara Knott and how her murderer was in fact a cop. You could tell it was a story they had never heard of before and was something that surprised them. I told them I had zero plans of changing my approach to these cases, but maybe they should change theirs.


Then I got up and walked out. Good. I've seen very few cases like this since, and I'd like to think I taught that smug cop a lesson. Stay sexy and don't pull over until you are in a well lit place, but maybe put your hazards on Hannah. She her. So the idea that it's a felony Yeah. Is very good information. Yeah. Because that's like the time I told the story of like the cops tried to pull me over when I was trying to get my drunk friend from a wedding, and it was like the hotel was right there and I'm like, I'm, I just gotta get her to the front door and they lost their minds. But I mean, the idea that we don't know that we're playing with fire to keep ourselves safe.


Yeah. Or to keep somebody else safe where it's like, why in God's name Would that be a felony? Right. What's the problem? They pulled over at the next exit. That's what you're supposed to do. That's what we were all taught to do. Yeah. But also, why wouldn't cops get trained that like if it's a woman driving, pull her over at a gas state, like Right. Escort her to the place. Totally. Where there are people in lights. What's the problem With that? Well, that's what Hannah is trying to fucking teach everyone, and she's doing the Lord's work. Good job, Hannah. Yeah. Well, interestingly, my first email is from a story I covered. Oh. And the subject line is I worked with Bruce MacArthur from episode 4 75. Hi, Georgia, Karen, and everyone else.


I'm from a suburb of Toronto Scarborough, and I've had my fair share of, oh, Paul Bernardo lived in my parents' neighborhood, or my sister was friends with the Happy Face killer son stories. And then in parentheses both true. But when I saw what Karen covered in episode 4 75, I knew exactly what I needed to write in. When I was a pre-teen, I was offered a job that paid cash and that allowed me to bring a friend to work with me. It was a no brainer. My friend and I took this job as Santa's elves for one of those pictures with Santa's setups in a mall. Fuck. It was one of those malls that was one step ahead of a strip mall, but one step below a cool mall hangout spot.


I'm talking a Walmart, a cell phone, prom dress store. Oh God. That's the Burbank Mall. Yes, it is, isn't it? Yep. Where there's like, I've never heard of that chain of stores before. Totally. Where's that From? Wow. Those are shiny shoes. The country of Georgia. Okay, that's cool. Nail salon, bunch of places with for rent signs up. This Santa photo area was also less than ideal. We took the pictures with a disposable camera and Yes, I, a 13-year-old took the pics. Oh God. This is very low rent. Yeah, and we took the film to develop at Walmart's one hour photo. Wow. Oh my God. BRB, I'm gonna go develop these pics Now. I kind of love the hustle of this. Yeah. We're just like, ugh. By any means necessary.


Every day we would go up to the mall management office to get into our elf clothes and Santa would be sitting there waiting for showtime in his white tank top and Santa pants. Super gross, bad Santa vibes. He was a nice enough guy, but after a few weeks of working with him, I could not shake the creepy feeling. It got to the point that I didn't come in to pick up my last paycheck at the end of Christmas season. That's Huge for a kid. Yes, it is. Fast forward to 2017. I'm watching the news with my parents and I hear that finally someone was arrested in relation to the missing persons that Toronto Police completely gaslit the city about. But that's an another story in the village. Imagine my heart dropping in the blood draining from my face when the face of Bruce MacArthur is plastered across the TV screen.


Jesus, All I could say was, holy shit Santa. Oh God, that's so chilling. I had no idea that my gut all those years before had been right and this POS was a serial killer. I want to acknowledge that while I use this story as my, what was your worst job? Icebreaker answer. Yeah. Innocent and beautiful lives were lost. Scan. Navar. BSer, FAI Ji Kayan, rou Mati, kna Kumar, Kana Garat, Dean Wick, Ali Essen, and Andrew Kinsman. Thank you both for all you do for allyship mental health and generally making my commutes more enjoyable.


Stay sexy and don't take a job as an elf when you are far too young to get paid legally. Hailey, she her. Wow. Wow. She worked with a serial killer. That Is wild. Also, that thing of like, I think the reason I enjoy stories like that of like, and then we I saw the face. Yeah. Is because it proves your gut is right. Absolutely. If you get a weird, bad feeling, go get some frozen yogurt. Get out of the place you're in. Like, Don't you just wonder though, how many of those there are that you never find out that your gut was right. You know what I mean? Yes. That either never got caught or you just miss the story or Yeah, they just, they don't do anything that's like newsworthy, but you're totally right.


Or you get gaslit and a bunch of people tell you, you're just a bitch. Right. Where it's just like, well, okay. Yeah. Then I guess I have to be okay with that. Yeah, because, because I gotta go. Yeah. 'cause this isn't right. Yeah.


Spring is great, but between unpredictable weather and spontaneous plans, it's hard to know what your day is going to look like, let alone your outfit Not to be dramatic, but socks can make or break your spring, and Bombas keeps it simple. Getting series about running Bombas. Athletic socks are designed to fight blisters wick sweat and keep you comfortable whether you're on mile one or marathon training from spring cleaning to walking the dog, Bombas makes the ultimate air and socks comfy arch supports stay up cuffs and soft cushioning so you can keep moving. And You know what goes great with new spring socks, fresh white t-shirts, waterproof slides, and a few pairs of buttery soft underwear. Bombas makes all of that too. I am here to attest to the fact that those underwear are so buttery soft when I see them that they're clean in my laundry. I get excited and they're the first ones I grab. Bombas started making socks when they learned that they're the number one most requested clothing item and homeless shelters. So thank you for shopping with Bombas. You've helped donate over 150 million essential items. Now that's a lot of socks and a lot of kindness. Head over to bombas.com/mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm. Code MFM at checkout. Goodbye.


When you were a kid, money management meant not losing your $5 bill before the ice cream truck arrived. Now there's Acorns early. Finally, a way to help your kid learn about money without the chaos. Acorns Early is a smart money app and debit card for kids that helps 'em learn the value of money. The app also has tons of interactive courses that make learning about money fun. Acorns, earlys Chores Tracker helps kids learn the value of a dollar. Just set up chores in the app, set a payment amount, and tick the chore off when it's done. Kids can spend what they earn with their very own debit card. They'll love the new sense of independence and getting to choose from more than 35 customizable card designs help the kids turn savings into a habit when using the app to set savings goals. They can even choose target dates and turn on the auto save features to help them get there. Acorns early. Lets parents pay allowances automatically. No more rummaging around for cash automatically. Send a weekly allowance to your kids' account with just a few taps. Head to Acorns dot com slash murder or download the Acorns early app to help your kids grow their money skills today. Acorns early card is issued by Community Federal Savings Bank member FDIC, pursuant to license by MasterCard, international TNCs apply monthly subscription fee starting from $5 per month and less canceled. Goodbye.


Okay. I'm not gonna read you the title of this one. Okay. It's about her third grade pool party. Okay. Hi. Here goes in third grade. I celebrated my birthday with a pool party at my childhood home in southwest Florida. Included on my exclusive list of invitees was my elementary school quote, boyfriend Austin and his best friend Justin. It was kind of an early crush where I basically did not speak to Austin and instead got my friends to tell him that I like liked him, and so obviously we were dating. You mean The way all first boyfriends are gotten? Totally. After an afternoon of playing sharks and minnows in the pool, we telled off her presents birthday cake. My grandma had made one of those Barbie doll cakes where the cake was her dress.


Oh. Classic. And ginger ale punch the kind with an entire block of Sherbert ice cream floating in the punch bowl. This is a very se late seventies, early eighties party. Yeah. Yeah. I recall opening Austin's present, and it was a set of sequined earrings from Claire's that's the boyfriend one pair for each day of the week. I had never received jewelry from a, and it says like, man, squiggly man before, and I was delighted. I'll be embarrassed at such an obvious display of love. I then opened Justin's present. That's the best friend. Yeah. And he gave me all caps, A diamond gold necklace. Wait, what Grade? Third grade? No, they're little babies.


Oh, okay. It was probably not real gold, and it was definitely cubic zirconia, but still, I was newly nine years old and completely a bashed that my list of suitors had doubled in a single humid afternoon. According to my mom's memory, Austin was mortified and upset, and Justin was pretty smug. The fallout was what you'd expect. Austin broke up with me via a past note shortly after my birthday party. I think it was a combination of his gift being upstaged and the fact that I literally didn't talk to him. My first boyfriend, we never spoke. We kissed one set of truth or dare. Yeah. What are you supposed to talk About? Never spoke. Never. And that the school year was almost over and he wanted to be another squiggly mark.


Single for the summer. Yeah. That summer of third grade, that really changes your life. You Know what? I gotta get myself back out there. He's single. Austin also stopped being friends with Justin. The rumor mill in the cafeteria confirmed that it was like the second time that school year that Justin tried to steal Austen's girlfriend. Ew. The third grade is just an episode of Love Island, apparently. Mm. I wasn't too heartbroken. Another friend at my party had gifted me a CD with Sierra and Missy Elliot's song One Two Step. So I was busy choreographing a dance in my free time. We all eventually went to separate schools, and I hadn't thought about Justin until my sophomore year of high school when the local news reported on his arrest.


Oh, that's the best friend. At the age of 17, Justin was arrested and convicted of a double homicide, an armed robbery. Oh, no. Justin broke into the house of a fellow classmate where he shot and killed him and his mother. Justin stole a safe containing cash and a gun from the house after selling the gun and pocketing the cash. He made a whopping $370. Oh God. Absolutely disgusting. And it gets worse a month or so prior to the murders. The mother and son had allowed Justin to stay with them for a couple days when Justin was kicked out of his house by his own mother following the murders. Justin then expressed his condolences for them on a Facebook page. Memorializing their lives must be before he got caught.


Yeah, absolutely disgusting. But Justin is serving life in prison. Fuck him. Stay sexy. And sometimes men display red flag behavior even in the third grade. Kelsey. Oh, Kelsey. Wait, Kelsey. God, that is, yeah. The idea. I mean, it's the thing I always say, just for a little bit of money from the, the quote from Fargo where just like, what the fuck are you doing? Yeah. Heartbreaking. I'm out of comments about literally people just murdering other people kind of for no reason. Yeah. We've said it all. It's in the past nine years. It's true. Well, let's keep going. Let's Do it anyway. Let's Power through it. Not gonna read you the subject line of this, because they tell me not to.


It says hide title in all caps. Okay. And it just starts. I hope everyone is doing well. I've been a murder inno all my life. I wrote my high school research paper on, You know it so Intensely. What if they don't mean it that intensely? Okay. I Bet they do though. I hope everyone's doing well. I've been a murder reno all my life. I wrote my high school research paper on serial killers in 1995. It was my only A that semester in England. Wait, this is from Karen. Kill Garris. That's crazy Shit. Remember in school when you hated everything but what you were interested in, and they never realized that maybe it was just that you were bored. Yeah. You know, I actually told this story in the kitchen the other day that my favorite thing in school was reading aloud.


Yeah. And every time we do our podcast, I'm like, that's Your job. It's happening. Yeah, it's happening. You did it. All that practice. Yeah. And then it just says, okay, I'll get started. Thank you. Back in 2010, I was a new real estate agent living in Houston, Texas. My broker sent me to show a potential buyer, one of her condo listings. It's a very nice building in Central Houston. So we typically wouldn't show the unit unless the buyer was pre-qualified. This individual claimed he would be paying cash. So she made an exception. However, she sent me, because she didn't believe him. I Arrived at Lady Ma'am. I arrived at the condo and met a normal looking man who was probably in his late sixties or so.


I showed him the amenities and the unit. He was an odd guy, but I got a kick out of his quirkiness and even made him laugh once or twice. That's the goal. The showing went well, and I went back to the office to find my broker looking at Google images of a man in a courtroom. She asked me if it was him, and I said, yes. What is this? Well, it was Robert Durst. Holy shit. Well, It was Robert Durst. It was Robert Durst, The scariest man on the face of the planet. Truly. Okay. Oh my God. Black Iris, Robert Durst. Yeah. Killing in Cold blood. The next line is, I didn't recognize him because the Jinx hadn't come out and I'm not from Houston.


Yeah. So I didn't know the Morris Black case. I was shocked. I had just watched All Good Things, which is the scripted movie. Oh, yeah. About that relationship that he had. Oh. So I knew who he was, but not what he looked like. Fast forward to 2015 when the Jinx comes out. I've watched it several times since then, and I remember the first time I saw the detectives interview his wife, Debbie Sartan, because that was the voice on his outgoing voicemail. My broker had me call him several times after the showing to see if he was interested in making an offer Offer, even though it's still Robert Durst. And they knew it. They're like, Come On, money's, money's green. Give that money And a little but red with blood.


Okay. I mean, don't I? No, that's They're in the wrong. Don't You know that a serial Killer's gonna do some complaining and maybe some dishonest shit? A hundred percent. His Garbage disposal was not broken. Right. You paying with cash, you're gonna pay the rest of someday. No, you're not. You're in Fucking buried bodies in The walls is what gonna do. That's all conjecture and allegations. Good. I can't believe I was all alone with him and shook his hand. It's unbelievable how we cross paths with some people in life. Yeah. And then it just says, Yuck. Karen, I love your live at the Bootleg album. Aw. My dad wants to listen to the album on repeat. Every road trip we my Take. Oh my God. And then it says, Rex says Hi. Aw Rex.


Hi, Rex. That's so nice, Georgia. I think you're the coolest. I still smile and laugh every time you ask Elvis if he wants a cookie. Aw. It's the sweetest, most funny thing I wish Elvis could have met Cookie. Mm. Thank you both for everything. You know the list. You guys really do add so much joy. All the best. Erica. Erica. Thank you. Erica. You brought a Robert Durst personal story. You made Robert Durst laugh. That's what I would start with at parties For real. Hey, Who's the craziest person you ever made? Laugh, Robert Durst. Is it Stu? Two truths and a lie. Two Lies and a Truth. Yeah. Yeah. You would kill that game. Absolutely. You made a maybe more than a sociopath.


Maybe a psychopath last. A serial Killer maybe. Yeah.


Today's episode is sponsored by Acorns. You don't have to be good with money to wanna be better with money. Acorns is for people who wanna get started but don't know where to start. AKA. Most of us Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. Save, invest and learn from one easy app. You don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change, you don't need to be an expert. Acorns recommends a diversified portfolio that can help you weather all of the markets ups and downs. Acorns, diversified portfolios are managed by pros at the world's top investment firms. You just need to stick with it. And Acorns makes that easy too. Acorns automatically invest your money, giving it a chance to grow with time. Give your money the chance to work as hard as you do. Sign up now and join the over 14 million all-time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion with Acorns. Head to Acorns dot com slash murder or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns Tier two compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns Advisors, LLC and SEC, registered Investment Advisor. New important disclosures at Acorns dot com slash murder. Goodbye.


Spring always shows up like a group text. Too many plans, not enough time to respond Cooking grocery shopping. No, thank you. That's why Hungry Root exists. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped into one. That's right. They'll take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored to you. Most of Hungry Root's recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less, and with over 15,000 recipes shipped Each week, there's something for every taste and nutrition preference. I'm the kind of person who doesn't look for something to eat or start cooking until I'm already starving. So I need these quick little meals more than anyone I know. So you have a quick veggie stir fry, for example. You have a nice salad, a nice hummus, and eggplant pita sandwich. Those are things I can prep and throw together really quickly to just put in my mouth because I'm already starving and I love that about Hungry Root. And you're gonna love Hungry Root. Take advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungry Root dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. That's Hungry Root dot com slash mfm code MFM to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry Root dot com slash mfm. Code mfm. Goodbye.


Okay, here's my last one. I'm not gonna read you the title. Ola Al. I've been listening to your podcast for years and always wanted to write in. I'm from Spain and here we don't get many murders. Spain, You are wrong. You're Wrong. Have you heard of the Inquisition? No, I'm kidding. And the ones we get are not mini soda appropriate. They're convoluted and very dark. Oh, I see Spain Like the Inquisition. Like the Inquisition. I love that you pulled out the Inquisition. When I heard this story, I knew my chance had finally come in April, 2020, A brown bear named Chu, C-A-H-O-U Kahu Kahu was found dead at the bottom of a ravine and the Pyrenees in northeastern Spain.


Pyrenees. Yeah. Pyres like the dog. Yes. It was first assumed that the bear had died fighting another animal, but soon the cause of death was revealed to be antifreeze poisoning. Is This an RFK story? No. What Did you ever hear that story about RFK finding a bear carcass and then taking it home for the meat? This Is not that. Okay. Because bears are protected species here. Who knew they had bears in Spain? I wouldn't have guessed that. Yeah. The police quickly opened an investigation on Chu's death. A judge allowed suspect's phones to be wire tapped for a dead bear. Yes. And in the process of finding the bear's killers, the police stumbled upon a drug trafficking ring.


It says, yep. They were smuggling cocaine paste from Columbia and refining it at a lab in a nearby town. 10 people have been arrested so far, including the mayor of a village in the region. Jesus. As for Chu, a forest ranger and formal local government official were arrested for his murder back in November. Some people are saying that to thank investigators for their work in bringing him justice Casu led them to this major drug bust. Oh, shit. I like to imagine him with little guardian angel wings. A guardian cocaine bear angel. Yeah. I don't know. Like they don't say exactly how it happened, but Bear obviously was like hanging out at a fucking meth lab Or something. Caught in the crossfire. I mean, he could have been the Spanish version of our cocaine bear.


Yeah. But the anti-freeze is like part of making, cutting the cocaine probably, right? Oh, is it? It's gotta be. That's what makes cocaine so good. That's What it gives it. Those effervescent bubbles you get. It gives it. Its effervescence. You just love it so much. Gotten baby aspirin. I hope you enjoyed the story. I love your podcast. My friend Katie introduced me when we first met three years ago, and it's only one of the many things she's done to keep me sane since Oh, she's a badass Marino, who makes me proud to be her friend every single day. Aw. I hope to one day travel to the US so that we can go to an MFM Live show together. Maybe we'll come there and we'll cover the inquisition. Oh my God. We just entire inquisition. I think it was.


Okay. Couple hundred years, 400. Right? We're starting here. Karen and Georgia, you're the best company and anxious insomnia I could ever hope for. Thank you for everything you do. S-S-T-G-M, Anna Gracia, Ana Gracia. Locito. I don't speak Spanish, but man, cocaine. Bear Version. International cocaine. If you've got a cocaine bear story from New York City. Yeah. Or country's gotta be. Okay, well, we're just gonna keep the hits coming. Okay. I'm not gonna read you the subject line. Karen Georgia and the beloved MFM crew. Truly beloved, longtime listener here. I've been plotting to write in some of my Santa Cruz murder lore for ages, but after listening to episode 4 75, I had to pause everything and tell Karen Colon.


Yes, I did see Steve O at the Burbank airport. We got a Steve-O story. Steve-O Okay. It was 2019. I had just made it through TSA and was heading toward my gate when here comes Steve-O casually walking through the terminal with his dog, Wendy. Oh, Come On. That's the cutest Karen. He was wearing a hat, but it was more of a dad trucker hat than a classic skater hat. Just to set the record straight. Thank you. Yeah. Although, I don't know if I wanna get that into like, I'm not gonna keep my eye out for Steve o at all times. No. Someday I'll just be sad on a plane next to him. And then for real though, It's like the kind of thing where you like, I didn't realize that I loved pistachios so much.


Yeah. Until I was served up a big thing of pistachio gelato and I'm like, this is my favorite flavor. Got it. That's my Steve o sitting next to me by, I get it. I get it. Okay. 'cause I'm starting to feel like an absolute third grader about talking about it this much, but then I'm also love it. This is literally the second time you've talked about it. Oh, okay. So I think we're good. I'm just saying don't call him. Don't call him and tell him. Okay. It says, and Yes. It was Wendy, the sweet, adorable street dog he rescued from Peru in 2018 While Filming a web series. That's right. He found her living on the streets completely alone, and the two instantly bonded. He flew her back to the us, gave her the dream dog life, and even got her a pet passport. And then in parentheses it says, which is kind of the cutest sentence ever.


In 2019, they were traveling everywhere together for his bucket list tour. She went on stage with him at comedy shows and was basically his VIP CoStar. Did You know that? No. I, I saw something about him finding the dog, but not Not Very sweet. Yeah. He looked so happy and healthy and it genuinely warmed my heart. I grew up on jackass and seeing him with this sweet pup clearly thriving after everything he's been through was honestly kind of beautiful. It is. Anyway, this memory, this memory has been living rent free in my brain and I knew y'all would appreciate the Steve-O Dog Dad content. Stay sexy and always fly outta Burbank. Exo Sadie. Perfection.


Sadie. Sadie. Good one girl. Amazing. Thank you Guys. Those were a great batch. Thank you so much. So fun. Send your story, whatever it is, to my favorite murder at Gmail. Also, If you have a celebrity sighting you would like to tell us about. Yeah. That we've not talked about. We love it. It we don't care. Yeah. There Was a stretch of celebrity sighting stories that were really good. I think it's 'cause it was Colin Ferrell based and then it kind of went out from there. Right. But I think it's important to tell people it can be your favorite celebrity. Yeah. We will. Like how much you like it. Totally. Yeah. That's all it is. And like how, how nervous you were or like how embarrassing it was. Yeah. And then we need a photo If you have one too. All Those things. Yeah. Okay. Stay sexy And don't get murdered.


Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our Senior producers are Alejandra Keck and Molly Smith. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This Episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram at my favorite Murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly Right's YouTube page. And while you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B-cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy, and we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives.org


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully, I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents. Ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist. We meet when it's convenient for me and I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept TRICARE therapy was going so well. My husband and I started seeing a couples therapist through Talkspace two. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com slash military. Go to Talkspace dot com slash military to get started today. That's Talkspace dot com slash military.