
This is exactly right. Some people like A and others like B. At BMW, we prefer X, like the dynamic X three meant for ultimate exploration. The X five built to conquer even the most difficult paths where the pinnacle of comfort and luxury, the X seven. And since every X range vehicle is packed with performance and versatility, you'll always get the best of X, the BMWX range. Your next X venture starts here. Hurry into the BMW President's Day sales event and receive exceptional offers through March 2nd.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employer's respect, so you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


This is Steve Covino from Covino and Rich here to tell you, Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress, and with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite murder, The Mini, so where We, where we reach you, your mini sos, sos Story. The tiniest story you send us little Baby story, Little. It has to be small. That's the agreement. Hey, guess what? You go first. We're all in this together. Just a quick message before we Start. This is coming out way later. Everyone's already, oh, everyone knows how fucked it is Already. Everyone is entirely dissociated and it's New for us Making plants very new for us guys, if you're listening now two days after the big announcement Od you Go first. The subject line of this email is an Irish goodbye or good intuition hometown.


Hey besties, I've been listening to you since I was a broke college student. Your voices have accompanied me through college graduation, getting a big girl job and getting married, and now my triplet toddlers, Oh no, My triplet toddlers and I listen to you on the drive to daycare in the morning. Oh no. Wow. Just a lot of problems there. I choose to believe they're just baby marinos and I'm not making tiny serial killers. We're with you. I'm a little behind on listening now, but on a recent mini, so Georgia mentioned wanting to hear about times when listening to your intuition paid off. Yes, Always. When I was in high school, circa 2011, go to hell.


I was cool adjacent, which just means one of my longtime best friends will call her. Grace became popular and I got to ride on her coattails. Hell yeah. She would make sure I got invited to whatever party was going on. I being socially awkward, would try to make conversation for a little while before quietly leaving to get Taco Bell and go home. Grace is so nice that she's not just like, bye bitch. Fuck you. Yeah. She's like, come and come. I want you to be part of it. You can't. You can only get less awkward when you practice. Right? How awkward You are right in front of as many teenagers as you can, And I know how lovely you are because you're not awkward around me. Yeah, like show them. Don't you love that one? Like show them how cool you are. You're like, they won't Talk. Bridge the gap and you're like, I'd prefer a chalupa and to get out of here one particular weekend, grace invited me to a party.


After I got off my part-time job, I went to the party, drank a few sips of disgustingly warm beer and waited for the right time to make my exit. A guy I vaguely knew started chatting with me on the couch. He was the type of guy that acted like we were good friends, even though I barely knew him, red flag. Eventually I told him I was leaving soon because I had a curfew. He asked if I would give him a ride home too, since he had been drinking and his ride was MIA. I said yes, although the voice in the back of my head was screaming, no, no, no. He said he needed to run to the bathroom and I took that opportunity to do my favorite thing. An Irish goodbye. Hell yeah. I quietly slipped out and drove home alone. I felt really guilty about leaving the guy until a week later.


Oh My God. Oh my God. Grace sent me a screenshot of a local news article. Who and whose mugshot do I see front and center? The guy he apparently had been charged with kidnapping and assault of three other women in the last year. Oh my God. His last attack had been just a week prior to when I'd met him. He was 19 and found guilty on all charges. He's still in jail as far as I know. I still harbor a weird bit of guilt about it for some reason since I was able to evade him, but at least three other women weren't so lucky. But I am really grateful that my introversion and my intuition kept me safe. Thanks for all that you do and all the causes you bring awareness to love, be she her.


That is unbelievable. I have chills like he was planning for her to be the next victim. Well, and guys like that. It's like isn't everyone just a victim that they're totally, it's pre, it's all prey to to a predator opportunity And she fucking later date so hard, she fucked politeness and she just split and I love that. Take bee's advice. You don't always have to explain to a person, right? Oh, I'm going to choose not to give you a ride. You don't have to do anything. Literally. It's like, oh my God, I have to talk to my friend for one second. Peace haul out that back door. Yeah, And the next time they see you, they're gonna be like, where were you? I'm like, I don't know what you're talking about. What do you mean you drunk and full on? Right? You don't owe them anything. Also, if it's a cool person, they would never go, where were you? Right.


They'd be like, oh my God, we got separated at that party. Right? I hate, oh my god. Chills, chills, chills. All right, let's lighten things up. Okay. This is Big sister prank. Confession time. Nice. Hi Karen and Georgia. I hope you both are doing well. I'm gonna jump right in and tell you both that I am writing for the first time to turn myself in after listening to Mini, so 4 0 6, after being totally guilt tripped by Georgia's call for older sisters to write stories in about how we tormented our poor younger siblings. Yeah. Right. We wanna hear from the tormentor, not just the Tor mentee Ss up. It's your time. Or as Karen put it, tell us what your problem is. So here I am, proud older sibling to a sister.


We'll call her M. We are only three years apart, so we often were heavily encouraged, forced to do everything together. Growing up, looking back, it felt like I was forced to let mt tag along to everything I did. Yeah, of course I hated it. One night in our teenage years, I was watching a scary movie I had been excited to see called One Missed Call. M came down to see what I was doing and I wanted and wanted to watch something else. She begged me to change it. Annoyed I refused, but told her reluctantly she could join me. Lying that it wasn't a scary movie at all. You'll love it. I told her knowing damn well M was a big scaredy cat and she'd absolutely hate it. About 30 minutes in, she ran upstairs to complain to my mom, and of course we were told we had to compromise on something to watch and share the tv.


She was there first. I'll say, yeah, that's right. You know that's the rules. The rules. See, I was there first rules. I was gonna try to make some sort of like the one where the pioneers, if you got there first. Oh, Lamb claim, lamb jumper. What Claim Jumper. It's the claim junker. Garlic bread, a really good garlic bread. The fuck am I talking about? I Don. I was pissed. That's when I came up with the idea on how to get back at her if I couldn't watch my scary movie I just created at home. Oh, I quietly snuck into her room and took her cell phone. I downloaded the creepy theme song from the movie, the one that plays before Someone is found dead, if I remember correctly. Oof. And I said it as her ringtone.


She had watched enough of the movie Chew where I knew this song had truly freaked her out. Once I changed the ringtone, I made sure to turn up her phone volume all the way and place her phone back where I found it after everyone had gone to bed that night, I took our house phone to our shared bathroom that connected our bedrooms and dialed her cell phone number. I heard the familiar creepy music start blasting from her cell phone and watching through the crack door, she shot up in bed and let it a classic Bloodcurdling scream. Oh my God. I then jumped into her room laughing so hard I was in tears, still screaming em ran to our parents' room. I can't remember much after that. Only the fact that I found it absolutely hilarious while em and my parents did not.


She eventually came around to forgiving me and she will still remind me every now and again how I changed her ringtone and scared the absolute shit out of her. What else are big sisters for For real? This is like classic. It really is. They put in the work. Yeah. Anyway, we're both in our thirties now and are incredibly close. I now look back and I'm thankful my parents made me hang out with her because she's pretty cool. After all. On behalf of Big Sisters everywhere. I'm sorry. No, It's too late. I hope we didn't scar you too badly. You did. You did. Absolutely. This is why we're so funny in have this podcast. So thank you Karen Georgia, MFM team. Thank you for all you do to bring so much good to this world. I'm such a big fan.


Stay sexy and don't scare your little sister, Chelsea. Thanks Chelsea. Aw, that's hilarious. And also that really is an ingenious prank. Clever. So clever, very smart. Also, what's more like mean or older sister than peeking through like a bathroom door at you while she fucks with you? Absolutely


Never settle unless it's in the electrifying BMWI four. Blend the lines of cutting edge and classic with groundbreaking technology at your fingertips. Experience m engineered precision while you twist around every turn. After all, electric doesn't have to be static. If you thought EVs couldn't live up to your expectations, then you've never experienced the ultimate electric driving machine. The 100% electric 2025 BMWI four. Hurry into the BMW President's Day sales event and receive exceptional offers through March 2nd.


This podcast is brought to you in part by Squarespace. A good website can make or break your brand, but with a great website, your brand can do anything. And that's where Squarespace comes in. They Make creating and managing a website easy. With squarespace's new design intelligence. With 20 years of design expertise and ai, you can build a stunning website that fits your unique needs. With Squarespace, selling content has never been easier. By putting online courses, videos, and memberships behind a paywall, you can earn revenue with one-time fees or subscriptions. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay Afterpay and more And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and autogenerated site maps, you'll rank higher and search results globally. That's So brilliant. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial And when you're ready to launch, go to squarespace.com/murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder.


Goodbye. Goodbye.


Well, it's officially too cold to do anything, which Is a positive to me. And also, here's another positive. You can cocoon yourself in socks, slippers, and underwear, all winter Long, bombas socks, slippers and underwear are designed for next level comfort. The Secret is they're high quality fabrics like Marino wool, which is soft and warm and breathable. If you're a lunatic who actually goes out in the winter, a crazy person. Bombas has athletic socks built for that too. Whether you're hitting the slopes, going for a snowy run or just trying to survive the cold Bombas has you covered. They know that the little things really do make a difference. So they remove all the itchy tags, they fix that annoying toe seam and they perfected the fit of everything. So no more socks that slipped down, or underwear that rides up. So I got my Bombas orders yesterday. I'm literally wearing them on my feet right now. They are adorable. Marino wool compression socks. It just looks like I'm fashionable, but really I'm the most comfortable I've ever been in my life. I also got adorable slippers too because why not? So Try Bombas Now. Head over to bombas.com/mfm and Use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm code MFM at checkout.


Goodbye. Okay, I'm gonna darken it back down a little bit. Okay. The subject line of this is Altamont and my mom. Oh dear. So I was listening to the recent it we just get right into it. Yeah. So I was listening to the recent episode Karen did about the disaster of the Altamont Free Festival, and it reminded me that my mom was there. She said she sat by a yellow bus near the stage, which you can see in photos from the stage, and that Hell's Angels were on top of the bus throwing beer cans at random people and they got the hell out. Quote. It was not a fun, festive vibe. She left while it was still daylight and said they had parked miles away. Holy shit. What Great planning though.


Yeah. The Rolling Stones are kind of my family's mascot. My parents met while they were both working for them on tour. My mom in a PA capacity and my dad was a pyro technician. Wow. We even went on tour with them as a family when my sister and I were about five and seven years old. Oh my god. Damn. Anyway, I just thought I'd share that as it also gave me an excuse to force her to listen to an episode. Definitely got some murder know traits from all the episodes of Poirot and Midsummer Murders that we watched growing up. Nina. Cute. Love It. I mean terrible but cute, But cute. Thank you. Yeah, we always want, like if we tell a story. Yeah. And then you have a relative that was there for that Story, right?


Or any connection at all, or memory from it. We wanna know, please, please, Always best if it's a grandparent. Definitely Mine are all family based. This one's called Trash Family. Karen, Georgia, everyone. Hello And Welcome To my email. I'm some variation of a Day, one listener as I join somewhere around the 12th episode. That's day one. Yeah, that's Totally day one. Yeah, that works. Shout out to my old boss, pat who said his wife Amanda listened to quote these two ladies talk about murder, but it's a comedy podcast. End quote. You two have truly come such a long way. Thank you. Thank You. Okay, so then they're listing out like the Trash Family. So first is Trash Brother.


When I was about six years old, my brother and I set up cardboard boxes on our stairs leading up from the second floor all the way down to our basement. As we built it, we discussed its clever name mega slide. Now my brother, who was 11 at the time, hands me a circular sled and says, all right, you first. Yeah. With the mega slide being engineered by children, we failed to realize we didn't put a stop at the end or any type of safety barrier. Our basement wall was concrete. I made my way down mega slide quite fast and flew directly into the concrete wall. Since you're basically rubber at that age, I somehow did not get a concussion, but I did earn fashionable stitches across my forehead.


Ooh. Head smack first into the fucking concrete wall And the amount of blood because your head head bleeds the most, right? Absolutely. Yeah. I was Frankenstein that Halloween. Okay. Then it's trash parents. Whenever we sat down for dinner, my parents asked how our day went, what was the best part, worst part, et cetera. A few years after the mega slide debacle at dinner, my parents decided to ask which one of us they should keep because they quote, just couldn't afford two kids anymore. Shit Panicked. My brother and I glance at each other as we prepare our arguments. He explained he was older and would be out of the house soon so they wouldn't have to pay for him much longer.


I explained I was smaller and ate less and would cost less. Over the remaining years I plan to live there. Smart. I truly could not remember if they ever picked a winner, but I love to bring up both these stories. Whenever I'm asked why I am the way I am, I mean the panic if you thought that was real. Absolutely. Hey, we gotta get rid of one of you two. Yeah. So just, and Then they just throw each other under the bus. There's no like, Also they have to make up speeches on the spot. Totally. Yeah. Not fair. Stay sexy and wear a helmet. Maybe. Xo, xo, tar. Tar. What a family. You made it. You did it. You really did it. You should have been like, and also, here's my other reason, right? He almost killed me on the mega slide. Right?


That was his idea. Some people like A and others like B. At BMW, we prefer X. Like the dynamic X three meant for ultimate exploration. The X five built to conquer even the most difficult paths where the pinnacle of comfort and luxury, the X seven. And since every X range vehicle is packed with performance and versatility, you'll always get the best of X, the BMWX range. Your next X venture starts here. Hurry into the BMW President's Day sales event and receive exceptional offers through March 2nd.


George, have you ever stood in front of your fridge staring at a bunch of random ingredients and then just said, I guess I'll be hungry forever. I Absolutely have. It's like the better options sometimes. And that is why Hungry Root is a game changer. Yes. Because Hungry Root gets to know your personal health goals, dietary restrictions, favorite foods, and how much time you wanna spend cooking. They Build you a personalized cart with all your grocery needs for the week, including easy four ingredient recipes to put those groceries to use. Are you like me and Karen, where you're like, I'm gonna go to the grocery store today, I swear, and then you say that for like eight days in a row and you don't do it For six months at a time. Yes. Every time. If I could know that at the end of a long day, I don't have to think, I open my refrigerator and there's some Turkey meatloaf with cauliflower mash in there, it would be like, thank you. All my problems are solved. That's heaven. We need to do it. Yeah. And that's why you're gonna love Hungry Root. So take advantage of our exclusive offer and for a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus you get a free item in every box for life. Go to hungry root.com/mfm and Use code mfm. That's Hungry root.com/mfm code MFM to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life.


Damn hungry route.com/mfm. Code mfm. Goodbye.


So we're only a few weeks into 2025, and I think everyone's ready for 2026. If you're starting the year feeling stressed to everyone, anxious everyone, or just need someone to talk to, you're not alone. Therapy is a great way to process your feelings, and Talkspace is the leading virtual therapy provider. Talkspace brings therapy to you so you can get support from the comfort and privacy of your home. While therapy Can be costly, Talkspace is affordable and in network with most insurance providers. Most insured members have a $0 copay. You can easily sign up online and get paired with a licensed provider that fits your needs, typically within 48 hours. I love that this is available to anyone who needs it, because I needed this way back when, and now I do Telehealth pretty much solely, and it has really changed therapy for me. Being able to have one of my cats on my lap and being on my comfy couch in the comfort of my home has really made a difference between how I connect with my therapist. And as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month of Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80 To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80 to get $80 off your first month and show your support for the show.


That's talkspace.com/mfm promo code space 80. Goodbye. Here's my last story. It's a hero dog story. Hey y'all. I've heard quite a few hero dog stories in the Mini SOS now and thought it was time for my dog beans to get her due. We were living in an apartment and there was only one family with children on our floor. I was taking beans out one day, and as soon as we got out the door, she lost it. She was pulling and biting at her leash, and as as we got down the hall, I heard one of the kids crying in the distance. I didn't think it was unusual because that's what kids do, right? But Beans insisted on pulling me all the way down the hall to their door.


I didn't know the family, so I was trying to pull her away when I noticed that the door was cracked and that I could see legs laying on the floor. Hmm. I called out and no one answered. So I pushed the door open to find my neighbor, the mother of the kids unconscious on the floor. Apparently having passed out while on the way out the door beans, lick the toes of the kids in their stroller while I called 9 1 1 and followed their directions as my neighbor remained unresponsive. Eventually, EMS arrived and we left for our walk. I dunno what happened, but my neighbor survived and was home a few days later. Holy Shit. If beans hadn't been so insistent, I would've just walked past without a second glance. The woman lived alone with her kids, and it was a strange time of day.


So who knows how long it would've been until she was found? Oh My God, Beans heard something in the kids cries that I didn't, and knew she needed to help, even though she thought it just meant licking them. Oh, maybe not the most dramatic hero heroic dog story, but she's just a good girl. I've attached a picture of beans because who doesn't love an excuse to show off their dog? S-S-D-G-M-L Beans. Look at beans. Oh my goodness. She's like some kinda spaniel mix. Yep. Oh, what a Cutie guys wanna help. I just wanna help. Just gonna help you. Oh, Good job beans. That's So Sweet. Beans. Okay. My last one's also a child one.


It's called Sarcasm Gone Wrong, which we asked for. Oh, okay. Great. Hi. I just paused mini, so 4 0 5, to tell you my sarcasm gone wrong for children's Story. As a child, I lived in a court with a bunch of other families. Our parents would take turns carpooling us to and from school. One day when my friend's mom was driving, we were approaching my stop as we rolled along, my friend's mom said, we're just gonna slow down and you can jump out. I took this statement very seriously. As we got to my front lawn, I threw the door open and leap from the car. I don't remember being hurt after just being embarrassed as my friend's mom laughed and explained that she was only kidding. Hmm.


My mom also found it funny. Oh, the nineties. Yeah. Thanks for everything you do and for the way you speak openly and compassionately about mental health. Take care. Brit from Saskatchewan. Brit, I love that. Brit heard that and was just like, right, I gotta get ready. Yeah. Like, well, if this is how it is, this is how it is. Yeah. Like this story's been bugging her her whole life that she was laughed at by adults for taking something seriously, and now she's like, finally, I gotta tell people who are like gonna call them out on it and who Get it. Yeah. Because guess what? You told me to do it. Right. So I did it. Right. Right. And I, and I lived so clearly. I did it well, lucky You. Hey, thanks for listening to the Mini. So send us your stories at My favorite murder at gmail.com, Dot com, dot gov, dot uk co.


Yeah. Yeah. And also stay sexy And don't get murdered. Give Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite favorite murder, and on Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye. Never settle unless it's into the electrifying BMWI four.


Blend the lines of cutting edge in classic with groundbreaking technology at your fingertips. Experience m engineered precision while you twist around every turn. After all, electric doesn't have to be static. If you thought EVs couldn't live up to your expectations, then you've never experienced the ultimate electric driving machine. The 100% electric 2025 BMWI four. Hurry into the BMW President's Day sales event, a receive exceptional offers through March 2nd. Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back.


Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone. The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory. Nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam Os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion.


Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion. Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.