
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


If you've got a million tabs open in your brain at all times. You don't need a wireless service that slows you down Visible, Gives you unlimited data and a fast, reliable connection so you can keep scrolling until your fingers fall off. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the go. Ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed by clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The Results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver MD. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye.


Hello. Hello And welcome To my Favorite murder. This is a mini, so It's your fucking stories And we fucking love them. Look, you're making us do this. We have no choice. You'll not stop filling up our email box with these stories That we love, That we love. Okay. The subject line of this one is marshmallow explosion. Great. And then it just says sort of hometown and it starts salutations, et cetera. So this is being written by a spider named Charlotte. Ready. Just listened to the recent ish episode about the Sun Valley Mall disaster, and it jogged a memory of what I guess can be called my non murder hometown, also from the eighties.


I kind of love that idea. Yeah. Do you have a story of some crazy shit that happened in your hometown? Yeah, It's like the balloon. What's it called? Release. Like what is a fucked up thing that they're like, this will be a great idea. Yeah. In our small town or whatever. You Don't have to have even witnessed it. You can just say, this is the crazy thing that happened in my hometown. Yes, That's exactly what we want. Do you have the world's biggest ball of twine? You better write in. Okay. In May of 1988 in Las Vegas, a residentially based chemical plant called the Pacific Engineering and Production Company of Nevada exploded multiple times, killing two people and causing a hundred million dollars in damages.


Wow. In today's money, you wanna guess it? A hundred million in the in when? 1988. Oh my God. That's gotta be 800 million. 222 million. That's a lot. Still. It's so much. I Just, I went for it. Okay. There are disagreements over exactly how the fire that led to the explosions started, as well as what exactly caused the explosions themselves. But it seems to have been some combination of a natural gas leak, spark welding, and a highly volatile rocket fuel component stored at the site. Mm. Let's get that rocket fuel separate in an over's separate Area. Let's the desert.


The explosions also triggered an explosion at the next door. Marshmallow factory, which given I was five years old when this took place, is pretty much the only thing I remember. Yeah. I texted my mom, Nancy, about the disaster, and since she didn't have a squishy child's brain when we lived in Vegas in 85, she had a bit more to say. The rocket factory was in Henderson in a neighborhood. No one knew it was there until it exploded. That's you gotta tell people, you gotta let 'em know who their neighbor is. Just a real low key. Like it said, David's bridles on the outside put inside their mattress A mattress firm That's unfair.


And then it says right next to it was a marshmallow factory. We went up and looked at it the day after and there were puffs of marshmallow all over the cacti and men in white suits looking for radiation that Smelled so good. Smelled so good. But Nancy's pulling her child right up to right up to the curb being like, let's get in here and see marshmallows and radiation. Smell The radiation. When it happened, you were with your father at the post office and the two of you felt the explosion and the post office window waved back and forth. Whoa. I love this. Your mom. Yeah. Reminding you of what happened. I was teaching the force of the explosion, knocked plants off the top of the lockers in my classroom, and it felt like I had been kicked in the back.


Crazy. I was the one who was responsible for going outside and making sure all the kids got in because we knew something was coming our way, but we didn't know how bad it was gonna be as teachers. We were making preparations for keeping the children overnight until we got word that it wasn't anything lethal and the buses would be coming for the children. Not only nothing lethal that what's coming is the children's greatest dream Exploding marshmallow. A 10 foot wave of marshmallow fluff. So yeah. Well, It's radi. It's got a little radiation, but don't worry about that. But just A little. It's kind of just a bit of spice. Yeah. Seasoning. So yeah, stay sexy and don't store volatile chemicals next to marshmallow factories, Jen.


Yeah. If you're gonna keep that a secret from the town, then you have to double pinky swear that you won't explode the fucking place. It can't be in a neighborhood. No. Secretly It can't. And then you're like, we had rocket fuel welding sparks And we had five-year-olds lighting matches that was in one room. Right. And then over here it's like, please. Well, no one said we couldn't do it 'cause we didn't tell anyone that we were doing it like we're Innovators. It's kind of on you guys. We're Just, we're rocket fuel disruptors. Okay. This one's called an internet predator story. Hey, hey, hey. My name is Chloe and boy, do I have a story for you.


When I was about 11 years old, a OL Messenger and Yahoo Messenger were very popular. My dad very graciously, and soon after the story happened, probably regrettably allowed me to use Yahoo Messenger to talk to my friends. There were rules, however, to make sure that I was safe, thank God in she was 11 weekly. My dad would review my friends list to make sure that he knew everyone, and he also limited my time to about an hour a day. Most days if I got a new message from someone, I showed my dad and got approval. But on one fall day, my dad had run out for something and left me alone briefly on Messenger, a message of Hi popped up from someone I didn't know, and I still remember his screen name, which was my zip code in Wisconsin at the time.


So it was a name and then a zip code. Mm. Due to this, I asked the person, hi, do I know you? To which he replied, no, I just found your profile on Yahoo profiles, something or other and thought to send a message. Did you have aim or like, did you have this service? I had aim, yeah. Could they know who you were or how old you were or anything like that? I didn't have any of this. I was like, I was drunk in a gutter at this point of my life. Okay. Yeah, they could tell 'cause you had like a profile, you know, and it'd be like, And you tell all about yourself and everything, and then you'd also be in like chat rooms that kind of gave away your age a little bit and Okay. That sort of thing. So yeah, I was pretty like, not a ton of info, but enough info that they knew that you were a child.


Enough info that I have a stomach ache right now. Okay. Yeah. That like this was the wild West. Yeah. And then it says, I didn't have a profile anywhere, and then I ask, okay, how old are you? To which he replied, I'm 26 for a reminder, I am 11. I immediately stopped communicating, making a note to let my dad know when he came home and signed off for the night. Smart kid. A few days later, when my dad did his weekly messenger check, he asked me about the screen name he saw, and I told him what had happened. I said, frantically, I swear I didn't do anything bad and I meant to tell you, and I forgot to which he laughed and said, it's okay. I did the right thing to stop the conversation. But my dad used this as a learning opportunity.


He sat down and told me men on the internet aren't to be trusted, especially older men, and proceeded to message the guy acting as if he was me. Oh shit, Fucking dad is ready to fight. Dad's like, let's teach some people some lessons here. Yeah. Within 15 minutes the man was asking for photos and then coaching, quote me how to sneak out of the house and meet him nearly 15 blocks away at a local Taco Bell at 11:00 PM Oh fuck. Even describing his dark blue truck and license plate number. My dad immediately called the police who met the man at Taco Bell and arrested him. Hell, I mean, Jesus.


I know Surpris. Like this was a predator. This was not a fucking mistake. Right. You know, the Predator had his eyes all the way open. It wasn't like, oh, she catfished me. I thought she was 25. Right. Right. Oh, a few days later, the police came to the house to let us know that the man had been released because sadly at that time there weren't laws to protect children being solicited via the internet. And he hadn't done anything quote legally wrong. The cop apologized over and over, but said, we did the right thing. So I'm sure he's on their radar by now. Yeah. By then, at least I'm forever grateful to my dad for teaching me that internet safety lesson because had I been like most of my friends with parents who didn't understand the innerwebs, I likely could have been abducted.


Yeah. I hope you enjoyed my story, but I have to get myself back to painting. Stay sexy and don't talk to creeps on the internet. Chloe, Chloe, I don't know if the word enjoyed would be the one I would use for having heard that story. 'cause it was a bit of a nailbiter, but God bless your dad and your very adult 11-year-old brain that's like, okay, I need to let people know. Yeah. Like really a perfect 11-year-old for the early aim days. Totally.


The killer robot queen herself is back in theaters June 27th with a major upgrade. She's Faster, stronger, and dare we say taller. That's right. Here to talk about the highly anticipated sequel Megan 2.0, it's Megan. So Megan, what's your character's motivation in this film? Well, it's simple. Really. You mess with my best friend, then you get messed up or linked like glue. So you try to separate us. Let's just say things might get sticky. Am I making myself clear? How hard has it been being in the spotlight? Not Hard at all. I don't want anyone getting my way. Obviously there will be rumors like me in my past actions, but unless there's evidence, you can't blame me for being a little intense. I just care too much. Well, thanks for joining us, man. Can I just say one thing before I go? I want you to know I've been misunderstood. If my past mistakes mean anything, just know I had everyone's best intentions in mind. It's interesting you say that because in your new film, Megan 2.0, you're trying to fight an evil android named Amelia who was built with your code And you have to work with Gemma and Katie to take her down at all costs. I'd say that's pretty nice for Achille Robot. Can a girl have lobbies From Blumhouse and Atomic Monster with director Gerard Johnstone, Allison Williams and Violet McGraw are back in Meghan 2.0 in theaters June 27th. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air And that means open windows, outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with simply safe With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard Outdoor Protection, simply say it's monitoring agents closely. Watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The Cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's Simplisafe.com/fa. There's no safe, like simply safe. Goodbye. Goodbye


Cat. People don't mess around when it comes to their pets. I've seen them act that way on the internet. So if You're serious about your cat, it's time to start using a litter that loves cats as much as you do. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. It's the cat litter that gives you peace of mind. Their crystals will change color to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infections and kidney issues. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I love that you get this like small box of cat litter and you're like, that's not gonna last me long. And I know that because it doesn't make my back hurt when I carry it into my cat box area, but lo and behold, it's such good litter that one bag does last up to a month. It's so crazy. It's such good litter. It makes your house not stink. It's all the things Dream come true. Right now, save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy@prettylitter.com slash mfm. That's pretty Litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Pretty Litter cannot detect every feline health issue or prevent or diagnose diseases. A diagnosis can only come from a licensed veterinarian. Terms and conditions apply Seaside for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


The subject line of this email is my childhood balloon hobby. It says hello to the beautiful team of MFM and Exactly right. I love everything you do. You guys have been a huge part of my weekly routine since I was 16 years old. Aw. And then in parentheses it says, I was the teenager you guys were yelling at for being a younger listener. Hey. Hi. We cater to every demographic. Can you hear Mimi pur purring loudly into the microphone? No, I can just, but I'm watching her When you stop petting her, slap you with her paw full Claws, which full claws out. Like, I just don't wanna like, just Like get Back on I I don't wanna protect her. She's full claws and she'll bite if I don't do it.


Okay. Yeah. She's like, we are doing something. I don't care about your podcast. Anyways, I was listening to episode 4 51 and was reminded of my own balloon endeavors as a child and had to write in. I have always been the type of person to pick up a random, oh, I guess episode 4 51 was lawn chair. Larry, the man who who flew in his weather balloons, flew in a lawn chair Definitely. And and survived and lived at Tell The Tale. It's a good one. I've always been the type of person to pick up a random hobby every summer because of a undiagnosed A-D-A-D-H-D Hi. Me too. And did so like clockwork as a kid. My mom was a teacher and my dad worked full time, so picking up a new hobby kept us kids busy during the summer and outta my mom's hair until I was around nine and I decided to pick up the hobby of making balloon animals.


I love that. Right? I didn't even like think of that as a thing you could learn, but yeah, I know they were, this is a crafty person that thought this up. They were like, I'm not doing the usual hook rugs or whatever. Hook rugs. That's the most seventies thing I've ever said in my life while searching our craft closet. What? Yeah. Sign me up for that. Why don't I have that? No, I mean, I'm so furious right now for on behalf of my inner 9-year-old while, while searching our craft closet, it came across our version of a fucking craft closet was like me looking through old photo albums of my parents just being like, I wonder who these people are.


Yeah. Like just nothing Interesting. There was nothing. There was a couple of board games with tons of missing pieces. Yeah. And dust bunnies And that was it. And a big f You. Okay, so sorry, back to the email. Well, searching our craft closet. I came across a bag of those skinny balloons, a hand pump, an instruction book on how to make balloon animals. Yes. I have no idea where the booker supplies came from, but I made it my mom's problem all summer long. Aw. Imagine trying to enjoy your summer evening and all you hear in the distance is the high pitch sound of balloons squeaking together for hours on end with the occasional pop.


Oh my God. The hand pump did end up going missing one day and I was unable to find it. Thus ending my early beginnings to being a child clown. I'm pretty sure my mom hid it, but only after I had already made 40 balloon animals that summer. Holy Shit. Wow. What do you like? Do you like rhinoceros? Yeah. Is Your a snake? Okay. Thank you for everything you do and being there when things got tough. You guys have been with me through two graduations, the pandemic and the strike as I was a fresh film grad when it all went down. Stay sexy and don't let your kids pick up clown hobbies Brooks. See she, they, Wow.


That's cool. Yeah, let us know your weird childhood hobbies. But you know what I was thinking? Yeah, yeah. I wonder if Brooke's mom or parents put just random hobby things in the, in their craft closet and was like, I know this kid likes to pick up random shit. If I say, you know, you should try, they're gonna tell me to fuck off. Right. So here are 10 different options Someday she's gonna look through it, go find it. Right. Yeah, exactly. Well, yeah, because I wonder if it's like they're strategizing behind the scenes. Yeah. That's what you're saying of like, yeah, Like have something ready for them. Something interesting, but that they can kind of discover. Yeah. I mean, God, that That'd be amazing parenting.


That really would be, oh, that was sweet. Tell us what your weird childhood hobbies were. I, my friend had the largest collection of Snoopy memorabilia Really like dolls. I got really into co collecting Mrs. Grossman's stickers, which were those like heart, teddy, bear Bow. Yeah. I really gotten them and then I thought, I tried to sell them at school and people were like, nice, we don't need, we don't need this. We already have our own. Where I was like, I'll, oh, sticky stickers you can buy. I got like a box for Christmas and then I was like, you can buy 'em through me. And people were like, we don't know what you're talking about. See, Karen, you were in a merch from a very early Age, Just didn't know It.


Yeah, that's right. It's in our, it's in our blood. Okay. This one's called, oh, this one's called, of course you can, A petty solution. Hi, Karen Georgia and the whole MFM crew. I came across your podcast a few months ago at the best time as I had already watched every true crime series, documentary and movie on all the streaming platforms. So naturally I've been binge listening to your podcast at an alarming rate. I love everything you do and all your content. Please never stop being your amazing selves. Okay. I was listening to one of the minisodes where a woman mentioned she would go door to door for surveys and one man played dead in his car so he didn't have to talk to her.


That's good. I forgot one. Oh, you did too. So good. It reminded me of the many things my dad has done over the years to get rid of unwanted visitors and callers aside from the time he cussed out the Jehovah's Witnesses that showed up at our house on Christmas. Ooh, this story is one of my favorites. That's a bad idea. It's like you're celebrating Christmas though, the most lovely day with your children and all these things, and they're like, Hey, You know what you shouldn't do anymore. I think they're, Don't you think they're in there trying to pick off the like lonely people or the people are having a bad Christmas somehow? There you go. Extra cynical in my opinion. That's Good. That is good. Okay. This is one of my favorites. Back when I was a kid before the internet was widespread, the best way to look at businesses was the phone book.


Great resource. Unless someone accidentally submits the wrong phone number in their little ad. This happened with our home phone number. A doctor's office had our number listed as theirs And we would constantly get calls from patients. My dad reached out to the yellow pages to report the issue, but only the doctor's office could call to resolve this. So my dad located their office and informed them of the mistake. They claim there wasn't an issue and the number was correct. Someone fucking doubled down and was like, no, you are wrong. I love Those people. You mean pro factually provable, but you're still gonna, you're gonna go ahead and deny it. Yeah. I'm the front office manager and I refuse to admit that that's not the right number.


'cause I did it. I'm the front office manager and I had a very difficult childhood with very critical parents, and so at this point, one more mistake would feel like it would break me into, therefore that number is correct that you see that is not correct on paper. Oh God, incredible. How frustrating for the dad. Like I promise I'm not just making this up. Like what are you talking about? It's literally the the new post-truth world we live in now. Yeah. Where people are just like, that didn't happen and you're just like, well, okay, I guess. I guess it's whatever you say. Right, right. What The fuck? Oh my God. So q, several more weeks of back and forth of my dad trying to fix this issue to no avail.


Finally fed up, he decided to make this a bigger issue for the doctor and started scheduling patients for next day appointments. Yep. Whenever they would call. It wasn't long after that that the calls stopped. Yeah. Once your office got full of people insisting that they had appointments, next day appointments and getting fucking pissed off that they, that they didn't. Yeah. Oh, looks like I did make a mistake. My collarbone is broken And you said I could come in as soon as possible. I like to sit and think about the absolute chaos and angry patients. My dad unleashed on that doctor's office just to get some peace and quiet for himself.


Stay sexy and don't piss off tire. Dads ally. You're so right. Ally and your dad was so right. Yeah, it's pretty diabolical and I love it. Yeah, it's a real solve. Sometimes the solve is not in fighting, but in agreeing it's like fine, fine. I work for your doctor's office and I'm the worst employee of all time. The killer robot queen herself is back in theaters June 27th with a major upgrade. She's faster, stronger, and dare we say taller. That's right. Here to talk about the highly anticipated sequel Megan 2.0. It's Megan. So Megan, what's your character's motivation in this film? Well, It's simple. Really.


You mess with my best friend, then you get messed up or length like glue. So you try to separate us. Let's just say things might get sticky. Am I making myself clear? How hard has it been being in the spotlight? Not Hard at all. I don't want anyone get in my way. Obviously there will be rumors like me and my past actions, but unless there's evidence, you can't blame me for being a little intense. I just care too much. Well, thanks for joining us, man. Well, Can I just say one thing before I go? I want you to know I've been misunderstood. If my past mistakes mean anything, just know I had everyone's best intentions in mind. It's interesting you say that because in your new film, Megan 2.0, you're trying to fight an evil Android named Amelia who was built with your code And you have to work with Gemma and Katie to take her down at all costs.


I'd say that's pretty nice for Aachi Robot. Can a girl have lobbies From Blumhouse an atomic monster with Director Gerard Johnstone, Allison Williams and Violet McGraw are back in Megan 2.0 in theaters June 27th. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You know when your timer grows off And you dryer, so you go to pull your clothes out, but they're still wet. That's The kind of everyday chaos. A home warranty from American Home Shield can help you with. If covered parts of your hvac, electrical, plumbing, or appliances break, American Home Shield will fix or replace them no matter their age. So If your washing machine stops spinning or your dishwasher suddenly decides to retire, American Home Shield can send a qualified pro to diagnose and fix the covered issue. And if the covered item can't be fixed, they'll help replace it. They even offer video chat as a benefit to some plans so you can connect with a repair expert and troubleshoot the issue in real time. You can't control when things break down, but you can be prepared. American Home Shield has over 50 years of experience, so yeah, they've seen it all And you can save money on a plan. Today Our listeners get 20% off any plan. Visit Ahs.com/mfm to sign up and see promo details. See ahs.com/contracts for coverage details including limit amounts, fees, limitations, and exclusions. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Summer's here, so it's time to get your lineup in order. Sunscreen, snacks and SymbioticA. Sheila G Liquid complex. Taking SymbioticA supplements is one of the easiest ways to stay consistent with your health health goals. Even during a busy summer, they just launched Sheila Jett liquid complex. Each packet is crafted to energize the body, sharpen the mind, and awaken the senses. It's like flipping a switch in your brain, swap it for your morning coffee to avoid the crash and sustain your energy. The Sheila Jett Liquid Complex is a delicious blend of super foods from Peruvian cacao, wild Brazilian honey, Icelandic sea salt, and creamy hazelnut butter. They taste as good as you'll feel. This is a great way to get your supplements because I personally hate taking pills. I do not look forward to it. I actually look forward to taking SymbioticA because it tastes great and it gives me that hit of energy that I need to last throughout the day. Be the first to try Symbio attica's Sheila Git liquid complex at symbiotica.com/my favorite murder and get 20% off plus free shipping. That's symbiotica.com/my favorite murder for 20% off. Symbio Attica's new Sheila Git liquid complex. Goodbye.


The subject line of this email is Albert Einstein was my third man. Hello, longtime listener, longtime emailer. Just waiting for my big break. Hey, It's happening. You all recently did an episode about Third man syndrome, something I'd never heard of, but definitely experienced in my youth And that it says in parentheses, A long time ago si. When I was in high school, I would occasionally get to spend the weekend with my cool older sister at her college. A couple hours away, she'd let me drink all the boon's farm wine my 15-year-old body could handle. Oh God, which is not a lot. I felt so cool hanging out with her and her roommates in their ratty college apartment.


Hmm. Despite being a bit of a party animal, she was incredibly studious and was one of the few women in her chemistry program. My God. Did you ever take chemistry? Fuck no, dude. I fucking attempted because I was, had this idea of myself, of like, I should be like more of an honor student. In junior year, I tried to take chemistry and literally it took me like three weeks and I, I like, I think the first semester I got an F and then I was just like, yeah, okay. I'm dropping this class. I don't, I never been qualified to be able to sign up for it, so no. Above her bed, she had a huge poster of Albert Einstein sticking his tongue out. You know, the one after a long night of underage drinking, I passed out in her bed and had the most vivid dream of my life.


I was sitting in a classroom as Albert Einstein stood at a chalkboard, repeating the phrase, the answer is always neutral in a thick German accent. I attributed the dream to seeing her poster as I fell into a deep drunk sleep. Later that day, me, my sister and her boyfriend began the 90 mile drive back to my hometown. She drove, he rode shotgun. I sat quietly in the back fighting the urge to puke. About halfway through our drive on a busy highway, my sister's face and body began to contort. She was having a grand mal seizure. Her boyfriend immediately began to panic, shouting, what do I do? In that moment, Einstein's words rang out so clearly in my head it was as if he was sitting right next to me with zero driving experience or car knowledge.


I calmly said neutral. Put it in neutral. Oh My fucking God. He frantically grabbed the gear shift and put the car in neutral, allowing us to gradually slow down and drift to the shoulder before pulling the emergency brake. Oh My fucking God. Incredible. I waited a long time to tell her about my dream as this experience was incredibly traumatic for her. Yeah. Yes, yes. It's, she struggled with epilepsy for most of her young life, but has now been seizure free for 10 years. Yay. She completed her degree and now works as a chemist in the top of her field. Yay. Women in stem. I can't help but think that good old Albert was looking out for a fellow scientist.


Oh. Like some kind of nerd guardian angel. Oh, I love it. Stay sexy and skip the boos. Emily. Oh, oh, That's like third man slash matrix glitch. Yeah. Ish. Or like, I don't know, what would you call that? I mean, it feels like all of those, like what's just an incredible, unbelievable story that happened to you? Yeah. Like a crazy coincidence. It's like there's a Reddit thread of like, what's something that happened to you that no one would believe? Right. Okay. Send this to my favorite murder at Gmail, please. We want to hear all of them And also post some to Reddit because they started it Right. Sorry. And give Reddit all the credit. Okay.


My last one's called Elementary school Beanie Baby Ring. Hey, it was the nineties and the height of the Beanie Baby craze. Remember I was around 10 and my brother was eight And we were avid collectors of those stupid toys. Anyway, my greedy ass needed more money for Beanie Babies and at 10 didn't have a good way to get money. Teachers at my school were also collecting and would mention what Beanie Babies they wanted, and then it says, why was this something they talked about during class? And I saw my opportunity. I made an inventory of my brother's Beanie Babies and took it to school to share with the teachers. With enough interest, I started slowly sneaking and stealing his Beanie Babies to sell to teachers at school.


Genius Entrepreneur. One day my brother noticed his favorite, a generic looking hound dog named Bones was missing. After interrogation by my mom, I finally fessed up. I was grounded and forced to buy him replacements, which cost about four times as much as I was selling them for at school. I wonder why they didn't go to these teachers And we were like, you need to give those back. You know? Right. Please don't buy things from children. Don't buy, don't let children sell you stuff. Yeah. As a, as a favor to the administration And it says, I think that dumb bones one cost me like $25 to buy lesson learned love y'all and the pod. When I started listening, I was a stressed out internal medicine resident and single parent, and now am a bonafide physician.


Wow. With a supportive husband and mother to three amazing daughters, 16, three, and one Jesus h. So amazing. I so admire your altruism, advocacy, and vulnerability. We admire you too for your accomplishments, your child rearing range, and a third thing, Entrepreneurial spirit. There it is. Stay sexy and don't be a greedy ass motherfucker or an adult who buys contraband from kids HB she her. I think that. I like that. I feel like that's one of the points that you learn on this podcast is it's always the adult's fault if there's an adult child issue.


Yes. Like don't buy shit from children person. Right? Yes. Yeah. There's a lot of adults writing in to go, Hey, when I was a kid, listen this fucked, fucked up stupid thing that an adult did where it's like, great, good. Yes, yes, yes. The children must know. Alright, we've done it. All right. Send us your stories, guys. Yes. Thank you for all your wonderful and delightful stories and stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a Cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck.


Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite Murder. Goodbye.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod Meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for Kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech. I'm saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stock their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com


Get This. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives, but are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at Greenlight dot com slash iHeart Greenlight dot com slash iHeart.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members, your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.