
This is exactly right. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face


killer Experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


at the Hyundai Getaway Sales event. Get deals so right, it almost feels wrong.


Now's the best time to get that Hyundai car or SUV you've always wanted. Plus, every new Hyundai comes with America's best warranty and three years or 36,000 miles of limited complimentary maintenance. Don't think you can get away with all that. Think again, but don't Wait. The Hyundai Getaway Sales Event is going on now. So visit your local Hyundai dealer today. It's A great day for a new Hyundai.


Goodbye. This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show.


The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For liability, get into Tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello, Hello, And Welcome To My favorite murder, The Mini Mini. So where We read you your stories that you've so kindly written to us over the years. Do you wanna hear one now? Let's Do it. Why don't you go first? Okay. The subject line of this, which thrilled me when I read it, is Money in Unexpected Places. We love those stories. Can't Wait and it starts. Howdy. Hi. Hello. I'm listening to mini so 4 0 8 story about finding $50 in a vintage skirt and assu. Remember that one that's still with me. It's still right in my heart. And I assumed you either asked for money in unexpected places or the writer had a good idea that I'm now stealing so I can tell my money in unexpected places.


Tale. We definitely want money in unexpected places, stories Always all any amount of money and and the more unexpected, the better. I had a habit, and I explained this to Adrian when we were on vacation, the in October, because be in these weird places far away, like in an island up north of Sicily or whatever, and we would, we walking by like a cliff, the side of a cliff, and then there would be like a little hole and then I'd go, that'd be a good place to hide money. And she kept going. Sorry, what? Why do you keep saying? I'm like, that's just what I think all the time. It was like, or if you had a key, you had a key you didn't want anyone to find, put it right there. Oh, Hiding places. Oh, what about just hiding places? Yeah.


Yeah. Send those in. Send hiding places and it's just a list. People are like a box. Okay. My husband and I used to be very into rock climbing and he being more a more experienced climber, took me on many new adventures and taught me new types of climbing. One type he taught me is called crack climbing, where you smoke a bunch of crack and and go to Yosemite. No, that's not what it says. And then it says, do, do do. Have you ever seen a big old rock face with a thin seam running down it? We use those cracks in the rock to go up. No, no, no. Thank you. Have you seen that? Yeah. They chalk their fingertips and they just hold on.


It's So good. Any of that so quick. That's gonna be a no thank you from me. My thing is with my commitment issues, I would get like 80 feet up and I be like, what the fuck We, why am I doing, I'm actually interested in doing like one of the indoor wall climbing things. Oh Yeah. Think that'd be kind of cool. Sure. But I don't think I could do it. Like when there's actual danger involved. Freestyle on on, yeah. Yeah, on Half Dome or Whatever. It's a Steve Age. He broke his back Recently. No, like a million years ago. Oh Shit. I know it's, I mean, there is a lot of risk. Yeah. That's So much reward. Like his now his story, I'll tell you right now.


Okay, go. I was nervous to crack climb, but he convinced me to try it out because one particular climbing route was just too fun, too incredible to pass up. He kept saying that the last pitch, and then in parentheses it says a portion of the climb was the money pitch because it was so great. He wouldn't stop saying the money pitch. So I wouldn't stop making fun of him while we climbed because who describes things as money anymore? Well, lo and behold, to both of our shock, when we got to the top of the climb over 100 feet off the ground, we discovered, tucked right into the crack on this rock, a $20 bill. The money, I guess it was the money pitch.


Yep. Oh My God. And then it just says, stay sexy and pay it forward. So maybe one day the $20 you hide somewhere will end up as a story on MFM. Grace. I love that. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna hide $20 somewhere. Yeah. In a weird spot. That's Yeah. Yeah. If you could hide $20 on a playground. Oh my God. Pandemonium, right? Wait, there's a PS on this. It says, oh, hello. Catherine Elizabeth, my best friend slash sister I never had who introduced me to MFM during the pits of 2020. Aw. Hello. All right, money found story. Love it. Okay. This is called your classic Florida dad near kidnapping story.


Hmm. Hey, MFM, I've been meaning to write this in for so long, and finally I decided it was time. I grew up in a small town in Florida with my two amazing parents In the late nineties, early two thousands, my parents raised my sister and I like a classic seventies, eighties family think latchkey parenting with giant house parties on school nights. This included my dad taking me to his favorite local bar for happy hour when my mom took my sister to her ballet classes on Friday night. On this particular Friday night, my dad was drinking at the bar while I sat by myself in the kids' corner In the bar where They Yeah, but it's Florida, you know What I mean?


Yep. And sorry, the eighties in Florida. This is the late nineties, early two thousands. Oh, but but everything was aged. Yeah, I bet. You Know, but the, but that idea, it's like, well, at least that maybe the trauma of that would be lessened by just having other kids with you. Right? Well, she's alone and then she says where they had an old basically empty toy claw machine and a race car game so the parents could ignore the kids all they wanted. It's just threw some shit in the corner and they're like, that's a kid's corner. Here. I'm minding my business driving race cars when a tall thin man came up to me from the back door beside the claw machine, he proceeded to tell me that my dad was outside waiting for me and had asked him to kindly come collect me to go home.


Oh, I was probably about six years old and somehow my 6-year-old brain told me that this guy was full of shit. I looked over at the bar and saw my dad still standing with his friends, completely unaware of what was happening. I told the man I needed to get my stuffed animal at the bar and politely excused myself to go ask my then quite drunk dad what was going on? Oh Shit. When I told him, he grabbed the manager and drunkenly told her to maybe check out this guy outside. Turns out he had corralled another child with him and she caught him outside just in time. As far as I know, nothing ever came of this. And though I have tried to research this many times, there's no record of a near kidnapping at the local bar.


Fuck. My dad to this day can only vaguely remember almost losing his daughter that night and had never followed up about the man who tried to take her classic dad. My dad is an incredible guy and continues to live life with a live, fast, die young attitude at the ripe young age of 70. As you can imagine, I have plenty more near death, secret past life stories that I'll have to write about another day involving this legendary man. And with that, stay sexy and don't let your husband take your 6-year-old to happy hour. Or if you do, maybe sit her on the bar like a normal parent, Emma, she her Holy fucking shit, Emma.


Holy Shit. Yeah. You gotta look up local kidnappings from that, like from that area and that time because that Guy was such a psycho that he, yeah, he already had a kid and he was getting another kid like, what in the living fuck are we talking about? Yeah. Why did nobody follow up? Why? Why? Because they're all drunk and it's that kind of thing. It's like that's the, I feel like maybe to me, part of why I am as obsessed with true crime, there is a little bit of that, the seventies parenting where it's like, why is no one paying attention? Yeah. Am I the only one paying attention? Then it's like I better fucking pay attention and I better, I better pay attention to all this shit.


So that like, because if it's, you know, if it's me by myself, if no One's paying attention, then yeah, you're on your fucking own. And 6-year-old Emma the badass who's just like she, first of all, how brilliant. She's like, yeah, not my dad. Whatever. She goes, excuse me, I would like to go with you. That's a great idea. Yeah. Let me get stuff the animal like a child would. Yeah. Oh no, memento. Let me just go grab the, and then be like, dad, what is up with this guy dad? He says that he knows you Dad, should I go with this kidnapper or what do you, would you like to weigh in or are you having too much fun motherfucker? Oh, okay. Drink your fucking seven and seven and like, let's get the fuck outta here. Come on. Fine. I mean happy hour. Yeah, no rules. Happy hour. Jesus Christ.


There is an two for one, an active kidnapper in the building. Serious. Do you give a shit serious is really is the answer Really? No. God damn it.


Growing up, Melissa Hadit looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder, But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth, Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So How do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home and thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean we couldn't rave more. And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user-friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look at that nearer dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or More to claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh. But the best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too late. But with active Guard, outdoor protection simply saves monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I Mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah. I turned my on even when I go to walk Cookie, like mine is always on. Right? Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't. I don't think that's something we can ask for, but I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Visit simply SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash F aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Oh, I think you're gonna like this one. Okay. It says The Power of the Magic eight Ball Family drama request and it says Hello ladies. I could write a book about my family, but here's the story of why my cousin and I no longer speak. Oh, yay. I love it already. Right? Tell us why family members don't speak please. The most basic story is still gonna be great. Yeah. It could be like we fought one time, it's like, god damn. Yeah. Yeah. I can relate. I don't have anyone like I'll never speak to again, so it's really nice to hear that I only have like eight or nine people like that. My cousin and I were raised essentially as siblings and so when he got engaged I offered to help with the wedding planning as I not only work at a wedding venue, but I've been a bridesmaid about 10 times and have friends in the industry.


The first time I read this, I didn't read clearly that they're saying they work at a wedding venue. So when they say I've been a bridesmaid 10, 10 times and have friends in the industry, it made me laugh so hard. 'cause I thought they were just like bragging that they'd been to that many weddings that they're like friends with the caterer. I know the I know Everything. Yeah. Their wedding budget was approximately $5, so the extended family was really trying to chip in to help. I was paying for the cake. My parents paid for the ceremony venue and another family member was paying for the reception hall. I knew that the couple was stressed due to money, so I really tried to make the wedding planning meetings fun. And then in parentheses it says champagne music, dance breaks, bride and groom sashes, et cetera.


Cute. We got in an argument over family drama and then it parentheses, it says his mom doesn't like the bride. She's, Ooh, I gotta question this whole fucking wedding. Yeah, this whole marriage. Yeah. Okay. So they got in an an argument about that and my involvement in the wedding stopped. I had tried to meet with my cousin on several occasions and I even wrote him a letter with no luck. The wedding was supposed to be in June of 2023. So in April my cousin called a 15 person family meeting. If you couldn't attend the meeting, then you were disinvited to the wedding. I love like wedding monsters, these are great people Go crazy.


You go crazy, people Go fucking crazy. It is Okay. And it's not just like bridezilla. No. It's like what happens is everyone goes crazy. Yeah. And the bride has to be the like middleman for all of it and then Yeah, they go crazy. I love when like you see those the the like pop up online where it's like this is the list that the bride sent that you have like the non-negotiables if you wanna be, if you wanna be invited. Like I love those and they're like fucking nightmares. My favorite. Well also it's like the non-negotiables. Alright, well then I guess I'm out like you're then I don't wanna come near fucking wedding. I can't imagine a world where actually just on principle I wouldn't like Well then yeah, stand your ground.


I'll talk to you later. Yeah. Have a great life. You dumbass. Okay. So if you didn't come to this meeting, you were disinvited from the wedding. The meeting lasted two hours and no one was allowed to speak unless you were given the magic eight ball. However, no matter how many times someone asked for the eight ball, my cousin wouldn't give it to anyone. There ended up being physical fights plural at this meeting and so much screaming. I'm surprised the cops weren't called. Oh my God. The wedding ended up getting canceled. Yeah. Just to find out that my cousin legally got married a whole year in advance and didn't tell anyone. Fuck. So you, so most of this drama was for nothing.


Oh My God. Ooh. Send us your stories about people being petty as fuck. That's hilarious. And also send us your stories about people who tried to get their entire family to pay for shit they're doing. Yeah. When they already did it privately. Right. Stay sexy and next time bring your own magic eight ball. Michelle. Oh Michelle, I think you just, you just kicked off a family drama series that I hope everybody can come to because truly it doesn't take much for a family drama email to be great. Tell us about your family drama. The pettier the better and you're just sitting pretty within your fucking, in your non bullshit world.


Yeah. Also, I think you could do a subset of like family wedding drama because that alone for sure. That alone Or just wedding drama. Yeah. My ex twin's called, I ran away on the Appalachian Trail at 12. Okay guys, I love your stories and I'm not a day Warner, but I heard you're getting lost in the wood stories and have to tell you mine. I grew up in West Virginia and have always been the one gal every parent hates. So let's rewind to 1996, I think. Here goes, My mother got married to the most annoying stepdad any 13-year-old could imagine. He was a know-it-all and was a man of the woods.


He was a biologist and always trying to impress his new wife with some woodsy excursion Irritating. Well, one particular day he wanted to go on a hike to Rocky Run Shelter and thought it would benefit me as a tween to go on the hike. Mm. So clearly I asked my best friend to go and something snapped in my tiny brain and I decided it would be fun for us to run away. We hid in the woods until they couldn't see us and then walked until we reached Rocky Run Shelter guys in our dumb little brains. We thought we would meet hot hikers. Instead, we found an A-Frame shelter and cold Woods as it was the middle of December and we were freezing any old who after our fire burned out and we had one sip of water and 15 Skittles, we decided to go to sleep.


We heard what we thought were farm dogs barking, but no, those were the hound dogs. The whole park service people unleashed the hounds and used helicopters to find us with infrared. Yeah, Your two 12 year olds out in the fucking woods, they would have to In December, these kind men rescued us with foil blankets and walked us out to the parking lot. I'm not sure if you've ever been in as much trouble as I was in that moment, despite a parking lot full of fire trucks and ambulances and reporters. My parents knew I did that on purpose and their searing eyes and silence said everything.


You little shit. You little shit. The next day at school, I learned I was on the front page of all our local papers and the lunch ladies laughed at me. I can send you the newspaper article to prove it. Love you and don't be a dumb tween and run away on the Appalachian Trail. The guys aren't that hot. MM, You're a legend. Hot hikers. I think that's so funny and cool. And What? Yeah, don't do it. Never do it. Don't Do it. But what a fucking hilarious story to do something so bratty that you end up on the front page of the paper Totally. Is pretty legendary. And your parents aren't even worried about you because they're like this little fucking brat.


Yeah, I know. She's faking. They


know. Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends, Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life or unraveling an unsolved mystery To save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


You may love the finer things in life like soft, cashmere, silk, and effortlessly chic fashion, But your bank account probably doesn't always agree. Fortunately, We have Quince. With Quince. You can get quality luxury essentials without the hefty price tag like their Mongolian cashmere sweater starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I feel like I need to apologize to people 'cause I have a one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters and the dark gray and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times. And I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for $50, Quince cares about us. It feels like. It's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We Should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear different ones every day of the week. I mean, I absolutely Will give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go To Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm.


Goodbye. Goodbye


Spring is in the air fresh flowers, crisp mornings, that first warm breeze through an open window. It's The time of year when everything smells amazing and thanks to Pretty Litter Your Home Can Too. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ships free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean, a huge thing of kitty litter shipped to your door alone is an amazing convenience and perk. But then the fact that Pretty Litter helps you track your cat's health and make sure that your cat is doing okay as it like takes care of odor in your home. What more do you want? Yeah. As someone with an older kitty cat and looking at you Mimi, it is like such peace of mind to know that if something's going on with her kidneys, I'll know immediately instead of like months in the future when she shows me some other sign. Pretty litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details.


Goodbye. Goodbye. Okay, here's my last one. The subject line says, I know you love cute old people stories slash missed millionaires, and it says, Hey, I'm FM fan new, slightly obsessed listener here. And then there's a little winky sideways emoji thing, punctuation emoji. My favorite type of emoji. Quick appreciation for you both as a fellow mental health advocate and fellow feeler of all the feels. Thank you for your authenticity and for simply talking about things that are so stigmatized in our society today. One of my favorite things is hearing how teared up you two.


And then a parentheses says Mostly Karen, get over sweet old people. And after a recent binge of MFM on my commute, I heard a request for more stories, short and sweet story for my very short and very sweet 91 and 90-year-old grandparents. A k, a nana and grandpa. Wow. You're so lucky. I Know they made it. Yeah, back in the day, grandpa was an architect. In fact, you can still find his buildings, homes, and apartments in some suburbs of Chicago as well as the Sarasota area. And then parentheses, it says, sweet random fact. My girl cousin Sari and I, Cassandra have a street named after us in one of those Chicago suburb developments.


Aw. The street is a combo of her and my names Serara. Oh My God. Do you live on that street? Tell us. Write us in. I bet someone listening right now lives on that fucking street. Sarah Dara Avenue. Yeah. In Oak Park or some shit. Okay. A few years ago when my family made it to Tampa for a visit, nanas spilled the beans on a little gem of grandpa's architectural career. It turns out that back in the day, think 50 sixties when they were living in Illinois and raising their family, grandpa was approached with the opportunity, and this says it on all caps, to design the McDonald's arches.


What The company was looking for, something to set them apart in the burger world. And they were searching for someone to make their arch dreams a reality. They asked grandpa. Grandpa turned them down. No, He thought the idea was stupid and not profitable. Oh my God. You could tell a Nana's voice and grandpa's eye roll when she was telling the story that the two of them have had more than a couple conversations. Yeah. About the outcome of this career decision. This Has come up at every time they fight And every time they pass a McDonald's. Yes. Totally Even worse for Him. And he refuses to eat a McDonald's and she fucking loves it. I've, my friend Peter folks has a, I can't remember it's, he knows a guy who was a relative of his who, and I'm probably, I probably have told you the story in these past nine years, in the seventies, it was a contest for the new slogan for New York City.


And you know it's now I love New York, like the iHeart New York thing. His submission was, I like New York. The shrug is the best part. He was so close, like he was like, oh, I have a good slogan. I like it. I like New York. And they're like, we'll go with, I love New York. 'cause it actually seems sincere. I mean, I, I like New York fits the New York vibe kind of better though. It does. You know, And it is like you. Yeah, a little doubt. A little shrug. Yeah. Meh. I love it. Not too, not too. Don't make a fuss. Nah, no big deal. Oh, okay. Here's the end of this email. All the love and smooches to two of my favorite people and to grandpa for sticking it to the man before it was even a thing and before he even knew what he was doing, stay sexy and maybe take a beat before rejecting an opportunity.


Cass, she her. Wow. That's an epic fail. So Hilarious. I love it. Okay, my last one's about a grandma actually. It's called Klepto Grandma. Yes. Hey, besties. My grandma Chris has never been the typical loving good cook, spoiling the grandchildren type. Most holidays consisted of $5 gift cards and scratch off lottery tickets as presents. Yeah, sounds great. Me? Yeah. Love that. As an only child and middle grandchild, two young for the older cousins and two old for the younger, I typically spent my time snooping around my grandparents' house without notice. Hell Yes.


My favorite thing to look at was the display of glass collectible cups. The cups have survived decades of air hockey, pucks, pillows, and various toys flying around the room from my cousins. I asked my grandpa, Roger, if he remembers getting all of the indestructible glasses and if there were any stories behind them, his response, oh, all of those are from your grandma taking them from everywhere we went over the years. That says what apparently any slight mention of liking anything from truly anywhere would magically end up in her purse. After the realization that my grandma is a klepto sunk in, I then started to remember all the things that grandma always brought home with her cups, utensils, bowls, umbrellas.


Ooh, jello shots like on her way out of a fucking Denny's. And she grabs the umbrella out of the umbrella tank. She likes it. Yes. But It's like some other, it's Someone's umbrella. Is Someone just trying to eat moons over Miami? Miami. Miami. Miami. My grandpa also told me that she took one of the glasses from the restaurant during their first date. I asked what he thought when she whipped out the stolen cup and he just shrugged and said, should have been a sign. But oh, well, it should have been a sign. Yep. That's good. Grandpa comedy right there. That's called a red flag 48 years later and they're still happily married. And my grandma mainly goes to the casino to rack up those big ticket items and it says, how many blenders does one person need?


Stay sexy and hide your valuables when my grandma is around Kayla. Ps my grandpa also told me that my grandma took the tip money as well during their first date. Oh, WTF Christine. Christine Don't do that. How did she get a second date with this dude? First of all, did he take her on a date to like a jersey Mike's like, is it a tip at the front or was it like the tip on someone else's table? I think it was like the tip on the table. Like he put the tip down on the table, she fucking took it And she took his tip money. Yeah, I think so. She is spicy. She's a true, a true klepto. I have to admit, I'm not judging you and Christine because, or Kayla, who's, yeah.


You know who cares who, who actually cares about Christine. But when I would get drunk, I loved it. Like I would, oh, I would be like that with my, but it was always my friend stuff and it was stuff that I would, the next day I'd be like, oh, sorry, I stole this like a Frank Sinatra cassette tape and I'd be like the next day like, sorry, this is yours. Oh my God. Just things ending up in your purse. It was like that feeling of like, I want something, why can't I have something? You know what I mean? Just constant dissatisfaction. Oh my God, this should be mine. Yeah, this should be mine. Yeah. Well, tell us your klepto stories. Tell us your everything stories, literally please. We love them. And thank you for submitting everybody on today's show and everybody ever forever.


Yeah. In history. Anyone's who, who's ever written an email. Thank you for your service, Appreciate you. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder and on Twitter at my fave murder.


Goodbye. This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. With the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for a liability getting a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota. The trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places. Give your kids a summer full of fun and learning.


Give them ID tech. ID Tech camps are all about high energy, fun, meeting new friends and our top elite instructors. Located at 75 prestigious college campuses. All across the country, ID Tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, coding, game design, and more. There's something for every kid, ages seven to 17 at ID tech. Sign up@idtech.com and Use code ID tech to save $150 on a week of a lifetime. Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events.


Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.