
This is exactly right.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello And Welcome To My Favorite Murder, The mini sode. It's mini We Email. Nope, we email. You Email You email. We read email, we Read them. Hey, and guess what? It's almost April Fool's Day. Yeah. Do you have a prank story to kick us off with? Yeah, I'll kick us off with a prank story. Okay. This is called Prank on Very, very right. Dear Karen Georgia. Still Steven, even though I know you aren't involved right now, and all the other fantastic folks involved in the show. Still Steven. Still Steven. That's Very sweet. After all these years, you asked for stories about pranks and I immediately put down my quilting to type this up as otherwise I would've forgot. Finally, I thought, it's my time to shine.


April Fool's Day is one of my favorite holidays. It was the only day we were allowed to play practical jokes in my household, and this was a big deal. There were the classics. My mom taping the lid of the toilet down so my sleepy brother would slap himself trying to open it. My brother dying his water red, so my mom would think he was drinking blood and it says, not a great prank, but he was five and my dad waking my brother and I up for school, getting us all ready into the bus stop, then informing us. It was Saturday. Oh, ouch. However, I wanna tell you my best prank as I am quite proud, and it requires some careful planning. Firstly, you need to know that my dad is neat and orderly and did almost all of the cooking. I grew up with strict rules about how the dishwasher was loaded, that spices need to be placed with their label spacing out and that everything had a place, place which was never changed, including each item in the pantry based on how often it is used and who uses It.


It's intense. Yeah. How's your anxiety doing today? It's, It's pretty ratcheted up right now. Yeah. This need for order is likely why. There was a schedule day for practical jokes. Dad Was dad in the army. Right? So at about 11:00 PM on March 31st when I was 15, my parents were asleep. As I could hear them snoring. I go into the kitchen with a plan, wreak orderly havoc. I switched all caps, everything. Now I don't mean I put the plates where the cookbooks were and the cookbooks were the plates that would be too easy to fix. I took out the plates and put the cookbooks there and then put the cups where the cookbooks were and the spices where the cups were, and then the non-perishables, where the spices were, et cetera, et cetera.


In order to not wake my parents, I had to do this slowly setting down towels and tiptoeing. It took me until nearly 4:00 AM Can you imagine being 15? 15? Yeah. Yeah. That's dedication. Yeah. Until my work was complete. Finally satisfied with the job well done. I went to bed, I awoke gleefully to an all caps. What the hell? I don't know. I'm doing home gym's. Impression. That's a dad sound. That's what dad sound like Around 6:30 AM and remember falling back to sleep to my parents muttering about, Oh my God, it's all the drawers too. By the time I got up around eight 30, it was as if nothing had ever happened in the kitchen and I got a gritted teeth smile about how this was a great joke, but next time, tone it down a little.


Had I done this to my dad's workshop outside, I would likely have been out of the will regardless of the rules. April fools is still an important day to me, and now my target is my partner who has had to eat cookies made with Skittles instead of m and ms and other little harmless pranks that somehow he still falls for without suspicion for the last nearly seven years, They married the perfect person. I know That's sweet at dupe. Yeah. Stay sexy and prank those. You love Asia. She her Asia. Those are good pranks. Yeah. I wanna go back to the five year old's blood drinking plank. You like That one? Well, it's, they're five. Yeah. That's really good. It's, she's like, ma, oh, Oh, I'm drink.


What? Okay. The subject line of this email is Groucho Marks comedian, satirist bank robber. Question mark. Excl point. Hello, everyone from the fuck word, murder mystery show. Long time listener, second time writer, hopefully. First time on the pod. Did I make it? There is simply no way to know. In 2009, I was a supervisor at my local Safeway in my town. A lot of the stores had a branch of the local credit union built into the store. Makes sense. Need money for your eggs. There's a credit union for you in store. One afternoon in August, the manager of the credit union came running up to me and shouted, we were just robbed me being 20 years old and possibly stoned, timidly said, is everyone okay?


She went on to tell me that everyone was fine, but that someone came to the teller desk wearing a Groucho Marks mask. Think the glass is fake, nose and mustache. He handed the teller notes telling her to hand him all the money in her till and that he was armed. Once he had the money, he took off running out the door. Money and mustache blowing in the summer wind. Surely this is the craziest it can be. Right wrong. Three weeks later, the same man came back to the branch and robbed them again. Dude, same note, gun in pocket and of course the signature disguise. However, this time there was a United States Marine in line behind him who noticed something was up and interrupted him. Ooh, Groucho took off running with the Marine in hot pursuit on the phone with the police.


Groucho was cornered by the police and probably the hero Marine in a casino parking lot where he drew his fake gun on police and was promptly shot and killed. Oh my God. And I just wanna say a bank's money is not worth risking your life for A till's money. A till no worth of money is not worth running That person down. Innocent bystanders could have been hurt, anything could have happened. So, but That, that idea of why would you pull a fake gun? It's horrible. Okay, so imagine my continued surprise to learn that we were not the only place this guy had robbed in the recent months. Apparently the FBI was involved in this case and had dubbed the man the fashioned faux pa bandit due to its unusual form of disguise.


Side note, I vote the FBI is now in charge of naming things from now on. I disagree. Stay sexy and don't impersonate vaudevillian icons when committing felonies. Braden, he him. Wow. Isn't that incredible? That was a prank. That was awful. It was not a prank, but I'm really trying to support the true crime theme, so you know, I Appreciate that. So


As kids, we were taught to put money in a piggy bank too. Save it. But with Acorns, your money doesn't just sit there, it grows. April is financial literacy month. That's right. They made a whole month reminding you to finally take control of your money. Good News is you don't need 30 days. Acorns makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future in just five minutes. You Don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You Don't need to be rich. Acorns let you get started with the spare money you've got right now, even if all you've got is spare change, Sign up now and join the over 14 million all-time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion with Acorns. Head To Acorns dot com slash murder or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Tier two compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LL C and SEC, registered investment advisor view important disclosures at Acorns dot com slash murder. Goodbye.


Goodbye.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So How do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home and thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And It's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look At that neira dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's a RTI c.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Okay, my next one's called Catfishing Blackmail and Family Chicken Soup for their Marino. Soul. Hello. In 2008, I worked with a recently widowed woman who is venturing into online dating for the first time, we'd often chat about her experiences during our breaks. One day she excitedly told me about a new man named quote Mike. He was showering her with flowers, fancy dinners and personalized rather suggestive poetry. Gross. What? I know, like, can you not? No one wants regular poetry. No. Right? No one wants to hear your poetry about like your underwear or whatever. He also claimed dirty poetry. Dirty poetry.


Get out of here. What are you? A fucking skunk? A brunch skunk. Okay. He also claimed to be a wealthy inventor having made his fortune from the zip tie. Oh shit. We're already calling bullshit on this guy. Right? I mean, that would be a great lie. Yeah. I'm the heir to the zip tie fortune. It's me. Hey, it's me. I was immediately skeptical. Not only was he not listed as the zip tie inventor online, but there were other red flags. He claimed to be divorced, but still lived with his ex-wife, whom he described as sometimes bedridden, sometimes mentally unwell. He was also secretive about his cell phone when they were together. Always seemed to be on it, but never wanting her to see what he was doing. Despite my concerns, it's hard to dissuade someone in the throes of infatuation.


So I simply urged her to be cautious. Like she's recently widowed. She's trying dating again. Let's assume it's been 20 years since she's dated. Like that's just, you fall for some shit. I feel like you forget what dating's like, And you wanna be kind of blind, right? You just wanna assume the best. Right. And a friend that says, don't do that, you will just walk away from totally like you don't. Yeah. It's too, that drug is so strong, that's so strong. Around this time. My recently divorced aunt moved in with my parents to get back on her feet while visiting. I learned she was out on a date with someone. She just met a man named Mike. He was sending her flowers, taking her to fancy dinners and writing her steamy poems. It's his fucking mo. Mike's a slut. It's fucking creepy.


And of course, he claimed to be the zip tie inventor. The coincidence was too much. I immediately shared everything my coworker told me, including the unsettling details about Mike's living situation and questionable behavior. He was not only a two timer, but potentially a far more dangerous predator. Like don't bring up zip ties immediately if you're gonna make something up. Zip ties are the creepiest thing you can make up. That's really just, you know what I was thinking of as Ziploc bags? Yeah. So it was like, wow, that's kind of, that's a lot of money, but it's like knows zip, zipties, zip. No, that's really disturbing. It Is. My parents, upon hearing this, told my aunt that Mike was not welcome around them or in their home. 'cause she, the aunt lived with them. The next day I received a call from my aunt.


She demanded, I retract everything I'd said about Mike or she'd reveal a secret of mine to my parents. What? Yeah. Jesus. Aunt Judy, take it easy. You don't know him that well. It's really Weird, right? She's thrown over a family. She's like, immediately don't get between me and my man. Yeah. This secret wasn't something I was ashamed of, but it was a deeply personal choice. I'd kept from them knowing it could be particularly hurtful. I had never planned on them finding out, but I'd rather face their disappointment than allow a predator near my family. Like, what an awful position to put this person in. So shitty. So shitty. My aunt underestimated me. Instead of giving in, I called my parents and told them everything, including my aunt's blackmail attempt.


They stood firmly by my side and asked my aunt to leave their home. I haven't spoken to her since. I also had to break the news to my coworker about Mike's double dealing. It was painful for her, but I believe it ultimately helped her become more discerning in her dating life. Looking back, the whole situation feels bizarre. I'm just glad to have been in a position to protect my family from her suspicious character. My parents unwavering support solidified our bond and I'm grateful for them every day. Oh, well this is where I leave you. Bye Bye, Jess. Wow, that was fascinating. I know. Like Family dynamics are so fucked. I just didn't expect an aunt story to be like, and then my aunt was like, fuck you.


I'll blackmail you with a secret. You just told me. 'cause I'm your aunt that you trust and like Yeah, you can tell anything to, but guess what? You can't. She really broke an ant bond right there. She did. She did. She did. That's Bullshit. As aunt ourselves. That's you just crossed the line. Yeah. George and I are both deeply, deeply offended. Okay. Again, this is a variation on the theme, but I just thought it was really funny. It says, email typos and other ohs. Karen and Georgia, I love you so much. That was all in caps. Hmm. Now let's lock in. You were discussing embarrassing mistakes from childhood. We grow up with and are known for basically forever as a repeat mom. I mean, insert elementary teacher's name here. Offender a repeat.


Oh no. Called the teacher mom. Multiple times. Multiple times. Ah God. You can't live that down. I have a more recent story of this for you. During COVID while working from home, emails were everything as an anxious but eager communications intern with FedEx. At the time, I was regularly communicating with senior leadership as a ghost writer of sorts on two. Yes, two occasions my childhood mistakes got the best of me Exhibit A while responding to an email from the CEO of the company I sent. Yes, mama. Meaning to write. Yes ma'am. Yes, mama. Yes, mama. Slay. Oh my God. Slay mama. Exhibit B. While responding to an email from the senior VP of sales I sent Ho, HOE.


How are you meaning to say hello? How are you? Ho how are You? Ho how are you? Having survived those emails and looking back on how far I've come as a communications professional, I'm thankful to know now that no matter how much experience you have, we are all still humans and make mistakes. Love that. Every goddamn day. Since listening to one of your early episodes in my college podcasting class, what? We could have gone to college after all. I guess we did. I guess so. We did. They took us to college. That is, that's crazy. I, I apologize. I cannot express how thankful I am for you both. You've gotten me through many miles of half marathon training, multiple road trips, and filled my Mondays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays with much joy.


Not to mention Karen, I was also in four H and still currently are as an advisor. Ah. And I love hearing you reflect on it. So stay sexy and proofread your emails. Kelsey. K. Wow. It is nice to know like a, a professional who actually does that for a living has fucked up. Yeah. Ho how are you? Ho how are you?


So as kids, we were taught to put money in a piggy bank to save it. But With Acorns, your money doesn't just sit there. It grows. April is financial literacy month. That's right. They made a whole month reminding you to finally take control of your money. Good news Is you don't need 30 days. Acorns makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future in just five minutes. You Don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. You don't Need to be rich. Acorns let you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change, Sign up now and join the over 14 million all-time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion with Acorns. Head To Acorns dot com slash murder or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Tier two compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and SEC Registered Investment Advisor view important disclosures at Acorns dot com slash murder. Goodbye.


You love your cat, but you don't love the smell of their litter box. This Solution. Get a dog, Karen. I tried that and it actually doesn't work. The real solution is pretty litter. Pretty litter Is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect a health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent, lightweight, low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ships free right to your door so you'll never run out. So this is the kind of cat family I live in and the cat ladies, my sister and I are, I was at her house over the weekend and she showed me her brand new beautiful like robotic litter box and we were both like oohing and eyeing over it. And she uses pretty litter in it. And so there wasn't dust everywhere. Even though this robot like mixes it up on its own. It's magic. It's A true test. Yes. And pretty Litter made it so that the whole room wasn't covered in disgusting kitty litter dust. So I was impressed. Pretty litter helps Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it. You will love it. Go To pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's Pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy. Pretty Litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye.


Okay, this is my last one. Okay. And actually this one is kind of like a precursor to next week's episode. 'cause next week is actually National Pet Day. So we're gonna do pet stories. Hero pet stories. Hero pet stories. Okay. This is called Hero Cat. Hello ladies. Pets, researchers, and the memory of Steven's mustache. Steven got two callouts in this fucking episode. The people Miss Steven. I know. I'm writing in about my own personal defender. My cat, Philip. A little background. I live with my cousin Angie and four pets, two dogs, dewy and Chandler, Bing and two cats. Philip and Princess. Late one night, probably after midnight, my cousin was coming home after going out.


Oh yeah, I picked this one because it sounds like something my cat Mo would do. I was already in bed with the dogs being a smart Marino. I had locked up the house prior to going to sleep sinking. My cousin had her key. I forgot she had broken it off in the lock earlier that week, so I slept in blissful ignorance while she fought with the door. Called my phone, it was on do not disturb, and finally resorted to seeing if she could break it. I wanna remind you, I have two dogs, neither alerted me to her. Assaulting the back door. She gets our front porch rocker, hauls it to the side of the house and proceeds to climb into the window in our living room. As she's halfway through, the dog's still unconcerned my cat. Philip decides to take matters into his own hands.


She says out of nowhere, he flies straight at her face. Claws out. Good boy. He begins hitting her in the face as hard as his little toe beans could. Oh Mo, we totally fucking do this. Yeah, I could see that. Even if he knew who it was, he might do it anyways. Tell he had a bitch. Sure. She grabbed him and told him to stop. He was undeterred. He continued to bat at her this time with claws in as we think he realized it was her and it was now just pissed. She was coming through the window. So no claws the second time. Okay, but But now it's just a fun game, But fuck you. Yeah. Yeah. I still did not wake up, nor did the dogs. Thank God it was only Angie and Philip was there to defend the house, stay sexy and maybe be a smarter Marino and lock the windows to Cho.


She her. That's a really good point, right? You lock yourself outta the front door And it's that easy to break into Everything. Just go right in this door. Yeah. Smaller, harder to get into. Okay, here's my last one. The subject line is how my dad traumatized me with the Jaws ride at Universal Studios. Oof. Because there's a fine line between pranking and lifelong trauma from a parent. Truly. Hi, hot, longtime listener. First time emailer. Love you, blah, blah, blah. Let's get into it. I'm not sure if you specifically asked for childhood humiliation or parent prank stories, but here's mine. The year is 2006. I'm seven years old on vacation in Florida with my dad, brother and stepmom.


We're staying at the Nickelodeon Hotel. And then in parentheses it says, peak childhood luxury. Richie Rich. I wanna know details about the Nickelodeon Hotel. Yeah. What is that? I have no idea. Little cars that you can drive around in the hallways. That was fun. Bowls of candy. And on this particular day, we're heading to Universal Studios. Life is good. That afternoon, my dad has planned a boat ride for us all as an amateur marine biologist. Read Avid SpongeBob watcher and rear main enthusiast. I am thrilled getting on the boat. My brother offers me the seat closest to the water. This should have been a red flag as my brother was never this nice, but I took the seat without hesitation.


The boat tour starts taking us through a town I've never heard of, but I being 7:00 AM not really paying attention to what the guide is saying. I just remember thinking, wow, I love Florida. The wind in my hair, the sun on my face, a perfect moment. And then suddenly the energy shifts. Our tour guide gets a radio call, something about an accident with another boat up ahead. We see the wreckage, a boat capsized with a massive jagged bite taken out of it. Aw, the guide is panicking. My first grade brain is desperately trying to process what I'm seeing. Oh my God. And then I see it, a shark fin, a massive shark fin slicing through the water toward us. Our boat speeds away. I grip my seat, my heart pounding as we narrowly escape taking shelter in a dark, flickering boathouse.


And just when I think we might be safe, bam. The shark lunges outta the water at the boat, and that's when I lose my mind. I start screaming. I mean blood curdling, guttural, survival mode, screaming the shark attacks again. This time coming right for me. This is it. I think we are all going to die. Yeah. If you haven't figured it out by now, the boat ride, my dad so thoughtfully planned was in fact the jaws ride. I'd never seen jaws yet. My father, my protector, my hero thought it'd be hilarious to prank me with a life or death encounter with a giant animatronic shark. I don't remember. After that, I probably blacked out from sheer terror.


At some point the shark died and we made it back to shore, where I finally realized it had all been a setup as an absolute daddy's girl. The betrayal cut deep. Mm. I refused to acknowledge my father for the rest of the day. A small price to pay in his eyes. Mm. In the years that followed, he never apologized for this manufactured trauma. His only regret that he didn't bring a video camera to capture my screams red face and now legendary forehead vein that made its first and most dramatic appearance that it just says, what an asshole. Oh my God. I lost my dad Bruce in 2019 to brain cancer. And my life has never been the same. He was my best friend and truly the best parent my brother and I could have asked for though this story does not paint him in the best light and then says LOL.


He didn't listen to MFN, but I know he would've loved it. He's definitely the reason I'm a Marino. Anyway. I'm not sure what the lesson here is. Stay sexy and don't trust your dad. Good enough. Love Emily. Oh, Emily, that was sweet. Isn't that so good? Yeah. I love That one. That's a good prank. And I wanna be like parents. Don't prank your kid. But like, I'm not a parent, so I don't know how fucking stressful kids are all the time. And there's once in a while, you just gotta fucking prank those little Shits. I think there's also the piece of it where it's like real life is really hard. Right? And you'll get the shit surprised out of you at times. You won't be expecting it. And don't never be right. Ready, right. Is that A, I don't know. But the But the forehead vein is hilarious.


A 7-year-old blood curdling, guttural screaming. So good. Well, Happy April Fool's Day. Thanks Guys for writing in. Write in anything you want. You have a prank story you just thought of now you don't have to wait till next April Fool's Day. You can send it in now at my favorite murder at Gmail, because we accept any fucking story at this point. We want it all. Yeah. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Keck and Molly Smith. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This Episode was mixed by Leonna Ce. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder.


Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your Podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly Right's YouTube page. And while you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye. Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.