
This is exactly right. This is Kate Winkler Dawson, inviting you to listen to Brand New episodes of my True Crime Talk Show Wicked Words. On each new episode, I interview journalists, podcasters, and filmmakers about the fascinating behind the scenes stories from their investigations into the world of true crime, many of which have never been shared before. So join me and a new special guest Each week for New episodes of Wicked Words as we dive deep into the stories behind the stories. New episodes of Wicked Words are available now, wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, Hello And. Welcome To. My favorite murder, the Mini. So where We read you your stories. You Know what we're gonna say? Hey, is this our first time doing this on video? The hometowns? Yes, it is. Ah, It's exciting. I'm wearing Halloween colors 'cause this is coming out around Halloween. Great. Planning. Look like a Halloween pirate kind of. Yeah. Right. That's a cute, cute shirt. Thanks. I'm wearing a, A color under black. Proud of you Baby steps. Yeah. Also, apparently a lot of blush on my left cheek and not as much on my right for some reason. That's, That's how it goes. This is showbiz baby. Hey, do you wanna go first? Let's do it. Okay. The subject line of this email is hometown, the classic clown Killer, and it says, hello Karen in Georgia.


I've never been the person to have crazy stories, so I've never wrote in. Unfortunately, And I have only listened to every mini episode. Well, thank you so much. But to my surprise, I found out some crazy hometown news at my morning breakfast job. I live close to the Chicago suburbs, And I serve at a local cafe. Ooh, How Fun. So we're in Chicago. Okay. Remember the subject line that I just read you? Okay. So the other day was telling my coworker about a murder that happened in his family. He started off by telling us that his mom's cousin used to be in landscaping and worked for a legitimate company. First cousin removed, decided to do some freelance work to have extra income, but unfortunately that decision cost him his life.


The cousin, a young boy, ended up working at John Wayne Gacys house. Fuck yeah. Fuck. And then it says, and you know how it goes. Oh, Sadly, he was murdered by Gacy and his family found out many years after his death. Didn't even know what happened to his mom's cousin until way later in life because he never met him. When I heard the story, I was so gagged and the murder in me wanted to know every detail, but I didn't want to come off as pushy. It's crazy to know that there is a connection between my manager and that killer who terrorized Chicago and so many people in the seventies. Mm. Anyways, I love you guys. And, I. Hope you pick my story.


So I can be stunned by listening to the next mini sode ba and then there's no name classic. Lot of anonymous. I like it. Wow. That's just you. Like they just didn't have a chance against that monster. It's just so sad. Also, I think that's that thing if you're talking about Chicago in the seventies. Yeah. And there are probably so many families that have similar stories. Totally. Ripple effects. Just keep on going. Yeah, Absolutely. So he had so many victims and it was, it went on for so long. Wow. All right. Okay. This one's called, well, maybe I shouldn't tell you. Yeah. I'm not gonna tell you the title.


Okay. Murder Ladies. It was my 15th birthday and my best friend had bought me tickets to see the Jesus and Mary chain as a present. We lived in Indianapolis and no good bands came our way, but John Cougar Mellencamp seems to play every damn weekend. So we had to go to Cincinnati to see the show. Her older sister drove us. She was 18, but had never gotten her license. Hmm. Their old school trash dad lent us his van, and so we packed six of us in it and drove over state lines, Drove over state lines. On, the driver doesn't have a driver's license. That's right. Okay, great. We got outta the concert around midnight to find ourselves in the middle of a late spring snowstorm.


But we were young and had all the hubris that lubricated knees and the flexible spine gave teenagers in the nineties so proceeded to drive home in near whiteout conditions. I fell asleep almost immediately and only woke up to a tremendous pressure On the side of my head. I didn't know what was going on, but very clearly heard the driver say, Claudia, hold on. It's gonna be okay. I didn't panic. And. I remained calm as I felt the pressure move to my shoulder leg and back to my head. Apparently we had hit a patch of black ice On the highway overpass and rolled the van down the embankment five times. Oh my God. Only the people in the front seat were wearing seat belts.


The others were thrown from the car while I remained inside being tossed around. On the way down, incredibly everyone survived. Wow. The pressure I felt on my head was me being upside down in the car. I think being relaxed helped me avoid serious injury at the hospital. I thanked my friend's, older sister, the driver for reassuring me. She looked at me the way only an 18-year-old girl can look at her little sister's dumb friend and said, in the most withering voice, I didn't say that. Why would I talk to you? Oh, yeah. My boyfriend is in the front seat and my sister is in the back, but I tell you to be calm. Right? Excuse me, driver, go fuck yourself. Right. For real.


What the fuck you did this asshole. Yeah. This is on you. I died of embarrassment a a little and never brought it up again. But as I've aged, I've stopped thinking about that with a cringe of humiliation. But instead with curiosity, that voice was so clear and kept me completely calm as my body was violently being tumbled in a giant metal can. I've never heard a plausible explanation for this until now. Thank you for doing a show about the Third Man. Now, I can go back to just feeling stupid for thinking that any 18-year-old anywhere would ever put my wellbeing above theirs. And it was called, holy shit. I had Third man stay sexing. Get a licensed driver to take you to a concert in another state.


Claudia. Claudia, so glad you survived. Yeah, never talk to that person again. No. Good. Although it might've been your rendition. She could've said it nicer, but still. Yeah. No, but still, no. I guess that's not true. 'cause the words were, yeah. Ridiculous. Harsh, Totally. What a dick. What a dick.


Karen, now is the perfect time to turn over a new leaf and rake up some skills. How dare you attack me with autumnal puns? Well, With Masterclass, you can fall into a whole new hobby. Masterclass is the only streaming platform where you'll have access to over 200 experts across 13 categories like entertainment, science, and wellness. For just $10 a month, you'll get an annual membership and unlimited access to every instructor on your phone, computer, or smart tv. The Masterclass platform is so powerful. 88% of members report feeling Like The lessons made a positive impact on their lives. Plus, Every new membership comes with a 30 day money back guarantee. Don't wait another moment to start your learning journey with Masterclass. This is such a perfect gift for Like, The people in your life who are smart and wanna learn more, which I feel like should be everyone. If you're like choosing right, your favorite Merino is gonna love the Behavioral Science Masterclass from F bhi Criminal Profiler. John Douglas. You guys, Right? I mean like you've given people shirts, you've given people like gift baskets. Now give them the gift of learning. Right now, our listeners will get an additional 15% off any annual membership@masterclass.com slash mfm. That's 15% off at masterclass.com/mfm Masterclass.com/mfm. Goodbye.


Here's my next one. The subject line of this email is Realtor Marino. Here answer about crime disclosure from today's mini. So hi Karen in Georgia, I just heard you ask for realtor marinos on today's mini. So I'm actually a broker in Tennessee and can answer for myself. What y'all are talking about is stigmatized properties in realtor speak. It's actually a pretty hot topic. I, I'm so excited. I can't wait. This is the best. Let's, Let's talk about meth labs. Okay. I want show to house with bullet holes in the walls and my client's running out the front door. The neighbor hollered across the fence. Somebody got kilt in that house. As soon as we stepped outside, it turns out multiple people were killed in a shootout and the house had been emptied and put up for sale.


What? Years later. I showed it post renovation and told my clients about the last time I showed it. Then the seller wandered in and told us all about the deaths that had happened there and how the house was haunted. We were mostly trying to get away from the seller, and my clients had no more interest in the house after that. Yeah. Death and crimes actually happen quite often, quote unquote, at home and over decades. They really add up logistically, how far back should people disclose and what should they disclose? A common ethics test question is about how you don't have to disclose as an agent. It's hard because people often want to be rid of haunted houses or the site where a family tragedy occurred.


Their agent's job is to represent their best interests and help them sell the house at the best possible terms. I wouldn't wanna deceive buyers and also don't wanna hurt my sellers. I advise my clients to first disclose what the state requires and then be honest about things that neighbors would tell the new buyers. Anyway. That's great. We wanna be the source and not break trust with potential buyers. Thank you for all you do. I've been listening since my stepmom told me about y'all in 2019 and what a gift y'all are. And that's from Kate in Nashville. Wow. Yeah. I can't decide if, like, I just wouldn't wanna know if I loved the house, but then I'd be pissed off if I found out from neighbors that I wasn't told.


You know what I mean? Like you can't have both. No one wants to be the last to know. Right. That's the rule in all of life. I feel tricked somehow. Yeah. So if you're somebody that's like integral to that thing Yeah. Like being the buyer, then you have to tell people as much as you can, And, I feel like if you're buying a house, you have to think about selling it in the future and is this going to cause a decrease in, you know, it's worth because of that. So like, do you really wanna live with that? Yeah. And then also how back, it's just Like The drama of it. How far back it goes? Yeah. I don't know. Yeah, For sure. Okay. What We're saying is, it's up to you. Yeah. It's up to you. Classic hometown with family ties and a throwback to episode 2 68.


Howdy. Lots of pleasantries and love to Georgia, Karen and the MFM crew. I have been a listener since 2018. Thank you to the waiter who recommended you, Hey. And have always wanted a reason to write about my crazy liberal Appalachian family. Hey. well, I found the reason when I listened to episode 2 68, all Stars of seventh Grade back in April of 2021. AKA The Cocaine Bear episode. Yes. Classic. I've been sitting on it for three years because of this little thing called analysis paralysis. I couldn't help but chuckle when Karen said, no one in Cali wants that Kentucky weed. And Georgia replied with no thanks.


Keep it for your stud horses. We're good over here. I, I don't even nearly know what a stud horse is, so I I don't hear myself saying that. That's all a lie. Okay. She's thinking of a different podcast. Yeah, for sure. Actually, And I, that sounds like something I would say that that and then you would say, so I think she's got her voices confused. Could be that. Yeah. But also, I wouldn't say stud horses. I Don't know. You grew up next to like in like a horse farm area, but not Horse breeders. Yeah. That's like a weird different thing. Okay. I thought to myself if they only knew. Well, you know what's funny, huh? We're talking about this like, there's not an immediate way to prove it by listening to the we Know we're wrong as we're saying it. We both know that Clearly It's A exercise in wrongness on this podcast.


Right. My grandfather was one of the founding members of the Cornbread Mafia. What A, A quick history of the Cornbread Mafia. This was a group of Kentucky men who ran the largest domestic marijuana production operation in US history. Fuck. Between 1985 and 19 89 70 Kentuckians were accused of growing 180 tons of marijuana on 29 farms in 10 states. So I guess someone wanted that shitty Kentucky weed. Yeah, we were wrong. We were Wrong. Several books have been written by past members. Plenty fled the US when the arrest began in 1989 and never came back. My grandfather did not flee and served plenty of prison time on and off.


The family even claims the youngest sibling was conceived at a conjugal visit. Oh, that's Kind of cool. My mom married into this family when I was a young teen, so learning about this storied history fascinated me. I had several friends in high school whose parents wouldn't let them come to my house, even though my stepdad never had a hand in that family business. And the Cornbread Mafia is still blamed for deaths and crimes in the area to this day. Wow. Some of my favorite comical stories of that time include my grandpa stealing a tractor trailer full of John Deere riding mowers and passing them out to neighbors. So everyone had a brand new mower. Not suspicious at all.


That's Cool. And my stepdad Unbearing five gallon buckets of money in the backyard when his dad was in prison, only to find that the lid had not been completely popped on. So all the money inside was soaked. So he, his mom and siblings had to lay tens of thousands of dollars all around the house so it could dry out. Oh shit. Well, at least I thought you were gonna say it. It like molded or something. No, thank God. I wonder how many more buckets are still buried out there that they just forgot about. Dig, dig, dig. Thanks for reading my hometown. I hope you enjoyed it. And most importantly, stay sexy and smoke some shitty Kentucky weed. XOXO, Hailey from Alaska. You can use my name Hailey.


That was a great one. Just the phrase, cornbread mafia is my favorite. Yeah. I've never even heard of that At all. I mean, look, we got a good education. Absolutely. If you've ever heard us make snap judgements that were wrong about in this podcast, please write it.


Everyone is worried about the monsters under the bed, But what about the monsters in your bed? Traditional sheets can actually harbor more bacteria than you'd expect. Ew. Thankfully, miracle Made has a solution. Miracle Made offers a whole line of antibacterial bedding that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth, Their self cooling, and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. Miracle Made sheets are inspired by nasa. They use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating, and If you're worried about sacrificing comfort or quality, miracle Made has bidding. That's as luxurious as a five star hotel without the hefty price tag. It's really Cool. A lot of, not that you shouldn't be washing your sheets, but it's that kind of thing where it's like you go to sleep, you sweat, your dogs are sleeping next to you. All kinds of things are happening in that bed. That's your business. But with Miracle Made Sheets, you can have sheets that feel really good, but also you don't have to worry about bacterial growth or anything that's disgusting. You Can rest assured that it's not gross. Hey, so go to try miracle.com/murder to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you buy them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one If, you order today, you can save over 40%. And If, you use our promo code Murder at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20%. Miracle Made is so confident in their product that they offer a 30 day money back guarantee. If, you aren't a hundred percent satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/murder and use code murder to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, That's try miracle.com/murder to treat Yourself. Thank you, miracle made for sponsoring this episode. Goodbye.


This podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health. For many women, approaching menopause is a mystery And not a fun mystery like, Hey, who brought in donuts? Yeah. It's More like, what is my body doing and who can I talk to about it? And that's why MIDI Health wants to help you demystify and navigate this time of your life. They're the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. They support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, supplements, lifestyle coaching and preventative health guidance plus MIDI Health Services are covered by most major insurers. Menopause is an unavoidable fact of life, but navigating it doesn't have to be a mystery. For my favorite murder listeners, be one of the first 200 people to complete your first MIDI virtual visit, and you'll get a free prove 15 day hormone test kit so you can track your daily hormone levels and gain valuable insights about your hormonal health. Just tell them it was my favorite murder. Who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com. That's join, MID i.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Here's my last one, and the subject line is vintage murder. No scrapbook found. Ooh, ladies, while this is not your typical treasure find, it's pretty freaking cool. I work cataloging and photographing at an auction estate clean out business Dream. Right? Well, inputting the next auction. I came across a scrapbook loaded with newspaper clippings from the forties. Every last clipping involved, kidnapping, disappeared, accidents, homicides, and death. I was in my glory not actually cataloging or photographing, but skimming through all the articles that a long ago Murder Reino thought were worth saving.


Wow. Thought you'd enjoy knowing You didn't invent it. You just perfected it. Stay sexy and God. Like, Why did they want that? They wanted to just be able to look through it. And that's wild. I mean, yeah. It's like, oh, this scared me. Yeah. Put it in a book. Oh, I don't like that at all. Yeah. Put it in a book or they liked it. Yeah. Could have liked it. Yeah. That's a good one. Okay. I have a Halloween one. Family built Halloween haunted house. Hey, Karen and Georgia. I'll be using Georgia font to tell you. And. I'm using Georgia font on mine, of course. To tell you about my dad's obsession with creating Halloween haunted houses.


Legend tells. The first one was in an abandoned church. I was a baby at the time, so I wasn't able to tell them that this was a bad idea. The second haunted house was built in the basement of our house. It was a new build, so dad made sure we had an extra large basement. We were able to fit a dark maze, four scenes, and sprinkle in a few jump scares. You would start by going through the dark maze, being tickled by fishing line. Hanging from the ceiling. Oh, I know. It's a good idea. Right? Very good. The first scene was an infested ice cream shop with a deranged ice cream. Man, that's clever. We created a display case and put bugs all over the ice cream. The second scene was an optical illusion room.


Hundreds of highlighter dots were placed on black walls. And I put on a black full body suit, also covered with highlighter dots. So when you walk in, it looks like I'm not in the room until I move. The third scene was a quick recreation of the opening to scream when Drew Berry Mart was murdered by a ghostface. We included the iconic mask, white sweater and blonde Bob. The fourth scene was a classic raving mad surgeon. We turned our pool table into a surgery table and had an actor getting their legs on off. All of the actors and guides were teens from the neighborhood. Fun. Right. Fun. I'll always remember my older sister wearing a headset while waving people down the stairs.


My older brother cutting off someone's leg. Ooh. My other older sister getting stabbed by Ghost Face. The haunted house was very popular. We had a line going out the front door every year. After walking through it, the kids would go trick or treating while the parents partied at our house. Wow. Fuck. Essentially, the entire neighborhood was crammed into my house every Halloween until my mom got tired of it. Dad moved the haunted house to a large storage unit where we kept it going for a few more years. It was an amazing experience when it all came together. Sounds Incredible. I know Like The work that it took every year, But also like that, like providing this kind of community central. Totally.


We're it? We'll, we'll do it for you. It's so generous. Yeah. It's so Great. Yeah. Now that I'm older, I've started to think more about building the haunted house rather than being in it. My dad, older brother, And I, spent a few months building it. I learned how to build plywood walls, make scenes, do sec design and act. Now that I'm older, I appreciate the skills my dad taught me and the strength of our community. I love you dad, Karen, and Georgia, you're great. Yada, yada yada. Thanks for the podcast. And it signed Michael and Simon the cat. Oh, Oh, I know Michael. You're so lucky. Yeah. What a memory to have. The idea that the older sister, 'cause also it's like headpiece, but did she also have a clipboard?


'cause I'm seeing a clipboard. Absolutely. I bet she was so bossy. And. I. Bet. She had really big hair. Oh my God. The biggest, right? Yeah. She's like, all of your siblings are doing the thing. Yeah. That suits their personality the best. Right. They get to explore like different ways in which they could shine. And then Michael was the one who's like, I wanna be the creep in a dark room. That suddenly, like you realize someone's in there with you. Right. That's such a middle child behavior. Yeah. But at least he's no mad surgeon. That's true. Write us your stories and thank you for writing them. If you already have. And write 'em again. And write, write, write. Right. Write for yourself. Don't forget to journal. That's Exactly. Right. And Nice one. And stay sexy And don't get murdered.


Come On Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an Exactly Right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder at gmail.com And Follow This show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite murder, and on Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.