
This is exactly right, Lady to Lady here to tell you. We are celebrating our 600th episode. We commemorate every hundredth show with the iconic actor and our dear friend, French Stewart, French, French. French. French. French. French. French, French. I'm French Steward, and this time we took 'em to Las Vegas. Baby. Tune in to hear about all the antics and make sure to check out more episodes. We've got literally 600 to choose from. They're packed with sleepover games and ridiculous tangents with the best guests. Don't miss new episodes every Wednesday. Follow Lady to Lady wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello. Hello. And. Welcome to My. favorite murder, The mini sos The Mini. So Singular or plural? All of 'em. Okay. Should we do 'em all at once right now? Singular? Yes. Let's read three each together at the same time. This is when we read you your stories and we're doing it on video for the fan cult. We both have really big hair today. We wanna deliver to the fan cult, what we think they want, which is show ready hair and makeup. Yeah, right. Georgia has pink tips. Did you just get that done? No, I've had it forever. Oh, they're really stand up and a Guar shirt. Represent And Shirt. Yeah, because Gure sent us stuff, right?


They did. Guires are are house band. I think That would be for our Christmas parties. Oh God. Holy shit. Gure. If you're listening, you're completely invited to the Christmas parties, But only in full dress. Sorry. Yeah. They're like, don't worry about it. That's the only way we'd show up. you wanna go first? Sure. Okay. This one's called Grandma Murder. Ooh. it says, okay. Six times the charm, ladies. Ooh, You gotta do it. Wow. I get it. It sounds like a creepy pasta, but it's not. 'cause it's, okay. Here we go, Georgia and Karen, I completely adore you. Let's get into it. Okay. Thank you. This story is about the grandma of a sibling's ex-boyfriend.


Perfect. Right? Just far away enough. Yeah. He told us this story as we had been discussing our Korean grannys. Let's call her Granny Jay. Granny. Jay never really met her five grandkids because they were raised in America while she lived in Japan and Korea. Eventually around the time ex-boyfriend was in middle school. He was told Granny Jay had gotten sick and quickly passed away. Hmm. Accepting this as the truth, and with no reason to doubt his mother's word. He continued on with his life. Love it. It was only in his late twenties when he mentioned Granny J to his mom that she accidentally let it slip that Granny J had been killed. What it says, oh. Turns out this mysterious and distant grandmother had been a successful and ruthless lone shark for decades.


Yes. Yes. Yes. She continued her business well into her seventies with no plans of stopping. That is until one night it disgruntled loaner, broken her home and stabbed her to death. Oh. Wanting to keep the salacious of this under wraps. Her entire family told anyone who asked that she got sick and died. Korean gurneys are tough cookies, but she may have won. Stay sexy and maybe don't single-handedly run the loan Shark business as a septa. No name. And also they wrote out how to say septa, which I really appreciate. I know how to say it. That's nice, but you never know. Well, in the cold read mode, sure. It's great to have a phonetic pronunciation every once in a while. The idea that a granny was run, I, I would just love to watch a documentary about her life.


Yeah. Like what was her life like? Because It's like she's so brave. She must have been incredibly brave And smart. Like running numbers. Are you kidding me? I can't even count it. Fucking a hundred sometimes. Just try it now. Let's, that's our new po, our new podcast two 100 Counting. Okay, go. It's not the worst idea for like a sleeping podcast. Oh My. God. Just, it's just counting back from like Famous people with beautiful voices counting and It's over and over. So it's 30 minutes of Right. However long that would Take. Paul Giamatti, you're Up. Paul Giamatti Ring. Ring. You know Paul Giamatti has a podcast? No. Really? Yeah, it's called Chinwag. Oh, chinwag. Oh, cute. God bless him. Love him.


Okay, here's mine. The title of this one is Doctors That Tan Classic Hometown. Hi, Georgia and Karen. Love y'all. Hugs kisses. Let's get into it. And then in parentheses it says, names were changed, by the way, which is very good. I think in general, I think people have learned that over the years. Yeah. But Unless it's a grandparent, you can change the names. Yeah. Unless it's positive and a fun thing. Yeah. Go ahead and change 'em. You asked for hometown murders way back in 2016. And I figured it was finally time to stop procrastinating and write in. So it's been eight and a half years. When I was in college, I worked at a tanning salon and then a parentheses, it says, bad Skin Cancer.


I know. And then it says, we had many regulars that we got to know over time. One of my favorite customers was a man named Kevin. When he would come to Tan, we would have casual, small talk. And. I learned. He was a primary care doctor, always smiling and very kind. On occasion, he would bring his wife Stacy, who was standoffish and always seemed irritated to be in the salon. The staff never caught a good vibe from her And. we were always so surprised that the two of them were married. A few years go by And I. Get a text from my old manager that said, Oh, My God. Do you remember Kevin and Stacey? Kevin was murdered. Imagine the horror on my face as I read the brutal details of how Stacey held a gun six inches above Kevin's head and shot him in the face three times while he was asleep.


Oh, My, God after The shooting. A drunk Stacey calls her dad, and her dad ultimately calls 9 1 1. Stacey was sentenced to 18 years to life in prison, and she was covered in gunshot residue from her hands all the way to her elbows. And that is a, that is truly a classic hometown. Yeah. Stay sexy. And its initials am which, and then it says she Her. That's so classic of the, there was this person, everyone liked him. There was this other person. Everyone got a bad vibe from them. And then Oh, My, God. Yeah. Yeah. And then the worst kind of the worst thing that could possibly happen happens. Wow. It's just like, Ooh. Straight up.


Hey, Marinos, if you listen to our show, you probably love True Crime, But you also probably love The Golden Girls because everyone does. That's Why we're excited to tell you about the Golden Girls Deep Dive podcast. A new show recapping everyone's favorite comfort show. And Thanks to their full-time researcher, each episode is dripping with a little known trivia and never before heard behind the scenes stories. Each episode ends with a deep dive into something from the Golden Girls universe. Have you ever heard about the rumored feud between Be Arthur and Betty White? This podcast has the scoop Hosted by Patrick Hines from True Crime Obsessed and Broadway scenes stealer. Jennifer Simard. The Golden Girls Deep Dive Podcast premiered at the top of Apple and Spotify's podcast charts just a few weeks ago and already has hundreds of five star reviews. So grab your cheesecake and follow the Golden Girls Deep Dive podcast wherever you listen to podcasters. Goodbye


We. all dread The what should we have for dinner? Question Oh My God. A chill just ran through my spine. Well, if you join Home Chef, you'll always have the answer whether You prefer classic meal kits with pre-portioned ingredients and easy instructions or quick microwave meals. Home Chef has your entire family covered. Home Chef provides fresh ingredients and chef designed recipes conveniently delivered to your doorstep to simplify your cooking experience. And Home Chef has over 30 options a week. Plus they serve a variety of dietary needs so you don't have to worry about what to make ahead of time. Not only is it convenient, but it's economical too. Home Chef customers save an average of $86 per month on groceries. Karen, I don't know about you, but I am sick of takeout. I can't do it anymore. I can't deal with lukewarm food delivered to my doorstep in front of my screen door every freaking time, so I love that Home Chef has actual good, healthy, delicious meals already ready, or already almost ready for you just to throw together at night. Buttermilk chicken, schnitzel corn and steak strip risotto. I would do that. Yes, Truly like a chef made it for you for a limited time. Home Chef is offering our listeners 18 free meals plus free dessert for life, and of course, free shipping on your first box. Go to Home Chef dot com slash mfm. That's Home Chef dot com slash MFM for 18. Free meals plus free dessert for life. You heard that right? Home Chef dot com slash mfm. You must be an active subscriber to receive free dessert. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This one's called in which I accidentally become a criminal. Hey, y'all just starts One summer. About 15 years ago, I was a starving artist in Brooklyn, living on the top floor of a three story apartment building. The guy I was dating, who my roommates called my not boyfriend, basically my boyfriend, but shoot the title. I was very tolerant and quote cool back then. Yeah, that's right. That's the coolest, is to not care about people. I don't even care. Came over to hang out with me. One of my roommates had told me that the apartment across the hall was now vacant and unlocked, and if we went through their window, we could get onto the roof for the first time by climbing up their fire escape. So my not boyfriend, And I, decided to spend the beautiful summer day sunbathing on the roof.


Very quickly, we started sweating and So. we stripped down. I went nude, and he went mostly nude. And as they say, one thing led to another And. we began to have sex. Remember your twenties I mean, so this can't have been in like New York City or a place where there was surrounding buildings. I would, Ima Well, well, Yeah. Only got three stories, but yeah, there's, yeah. They're in New York. Yeah. Oh, in Brooklyn. Jesus. In Brooklyn. In Brooklyn's. Maybe a little different, I guess. I guess. Yeah. I don't, I wouldn't know, but still, yeah. You're in the city. Yeah. Basically When all of a sudden I heard an explosive bang and saw six burly police officers bursting out on the previously locked roof garden, guns drawn racing to circle us. We scrambled onto our hands and knees, not boyfriend threw me his T-shirt, and the cops soon became a mixture of confused, annoyed, amused, and sheepish.


I then had to explain to a very fatherly looking cock with a mustache that I lived here, et cetera, and then he, with some effort to remain stoic, explained to me that there had been robberies in the area where the perpetrator had climbed into people's windows using the fire escape, and a neighbor had seen two shadowy figures climb over their window, been terrified and called 9 1 1 Oh My God. When I went downstairs with one of the cops to show my id, I stopped briefly in the bathroom. Now I'm a brown-skinned person, but on that day, my face was the color of a fire truck. When I came out, the cop, clearly a rookie was looking around the apartment. I watched him lean over to my not boyfriend and say, there's no one here.


Right? Said, not boyfriend. So said the confused rookie. Why didn't you do it down here? It wasn't planned. Said not boyfriend. In the end, I showed the cops my ID got lectured and the farce ended there. I will say that as a black woman, I'm lucky I didn't get shot. I'm a petite, generally non-threatening woman and have my privileges, but in a country founded on and still grappling with white supremacy, it probably helped that my not boyfriend was white and upper middle class to date, were close friends who still laugh about what happened and share photos of our kids. Lastly, your voices are a bomb, and so many of the stories you tell with such grace and candor need to be told. Sometimes all we can do in the face of trauma and or injustice is to remember and stand as a witness.


Say their names and tell their stories, which is no small act. xo, xo, cocoa. Cocoa just made me start crying. Coco, oh, you make Aaron cry. I just put on all this fucking makeup, God dammit. Cocoa. Beautifully stated. Thank you so much. And also I, I, now my face is red. That idea that you're fully naked aside from, you know, the risk you were in. Yeah. Just the, the risk of that level of like Oh, My, God. Yeah. I'm completely naked and now there's six cops here. It's exactly the worst thing that could happen when you're fucking in public. What are some of the worst things that have happened to you while you're fucking in public?


Please write in. I thought you were asking me and I'm like, whoa. I don't know. I know I overshare, but you Have to tell us five things right now. Coco, thank you for that. That was a great email. Okay. This subject line of this email is Sunset Ocean shark attack. Surprise. Hi there. Georgia and Karen, I think I have a story you'll like. My great aunt and her husband, let's call him Mike, married when they were in their sixties and moved from the northeast to Fort Lauderdale, Florida to enjoy their retirement. Us cousins regularly visit them down there as their gracious hosts and happy to see us on one trip while laying on the sand. My great aunt was poking fun at Mike because he refuses to go in the ocean.


Mike is a pretty chill, quiet guy and didn't wanna say why, but my aunt spilled the beans as they typically do. I, here's the, Here's the story. Aunt spilling the beans is there's the, there's our new podcast. Oh wait, this is that podcast. Right? Okay. When Mike was married to his first wife, sometime in his thirties, the couple went to Florida for vacation. Mike met a woman on the trip and they planned to rendezvous on the beach that night at Sunset. So he's married and he's cheating on his wife. Oh dear. Okay. While waiting at their meetup spot, Mike saw the tide bring in the lower half of a woman's body.


Oh my God. He fled the scene and called the police on the news. Next day he saw that the torso was recovered and it was indeed the woman he was planning to meet that night. Shut The fuck up. They assumed she hopped in the ocean for a sunset swim while waiting for Mike and was attacked by a shark. Remember, Mike is married at this time, so he didn't tell a soul about this experience until much later after that wife passed away. Imagine having to keep that to yourself and then in parentheses it says, let's get this guy into some therapy. My family was all caps gagged. Hearing this story from the kind white-haired man, we all have deemed the saint for helping so much with our great aunt, and she was dishing this story out on the beach like it was no big deal.


Oh, My, God, LOL, Becca. I don't know. Do do sharks bite like clean in half or whatever I mean. I guess it depends. I love pretending that I know shit like this to you. And I. Absolutely don't know. All I know is that that is also kind of the beginning of the movie Jaws. Yeah. So I'm like, yes, it absolutely happens all the time. Right, right. Based on me watching a movie From the seventies or the eighties, Oh, My. God. Jesus. Wow. Wow. That's trauma. Capital T


as summer comes to an end, so does our time outdoors. Farewell Summer, sun, AEW grass. Until next time, fresh Air. But once you get inside, you might realize that your furniture could use a little refresh. That's where article comes in. Article Has expanded their bestselling living room collections with hundreds of new pieces, including sofa, beds, sectionals, modular sofas, lounge chairs, swivel chairs, ottomans and more. Plus, They've launched new fabric options, allowing you to prick the perfect sofa to create your dream living space. Article Believes in delightful design for every home, and thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Level Up your living room with article's. New Herman Checkerboard side table, which doubles up as both a side table and a game board. I mean we love article. We've talked about it so much, but it's really true. When you open that catalog and you're looking for like your new piece to kind of refresh your living room, a room that you're staring at all the time, you can find an affordable new piece of furniture that gets that job done. Just like my little entryway side table that every single person talks about when they walk into my house. I just needed somewhere to put my keys and suddenly it's like a moment. An Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will automatically be applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay. My last one, I'm not gonna read you the title. It just says, whoa, you guys, my husband And I are converting a retired World War II troops Alaska railroad car into living space on our property in Alaska. That's cool. One of our favorite things I wanna preserve is the wood paneling scrawled with signatures from the past occupants that have made their presence known. So everyone who stays there carves her name and awesome. And she wants to keep it. I love that. Yeah. That's very cool. I thought I had seen most of the names until This week when I saw a very plain kazinski in all caps written in a section I hadn't really explored. Mm.


I froze and called my husband over, he brushed me off as a freak, and it says normal reaction to most of my musings, but I was unconvinced and think this might be the real deal. I could totally see this being like, you know, the non-motor, no husband being like, there's a lot of people with that last name. Right? Yep. I feel like that experience, her husband brushing her off as a freak is the reason this podcasters popular. That's so true. That's exactly right. That's it. Yeah. Yep. We don't think you're a freak. We, we both had the same chill run down our Spine. That's right. And then, then she goes on to do the same fucking thing that we would do. We match her freak. I looked up samples of Ted Khaki's handwriting. Yes. And he wrote his name in all caps on envelopes from prison. Then I found an article stating that he had spent two years looking for land in Alaska and Canada before purchasing his layer in Montana.


Whoa. She fucking did the detective work. Yes, you did. This would've been the late sixties and early seventies, which aligns with explicit dates on our train walls. I'm sending you the photos so you can take a look and let me know what you think. She sent envelopes with Ted KCIs signature on it and the car and the carving And I. I am, yes. I buy it. I totally buy it. I'll put it up on Instagram. Let me know what you think. At least I know you won't call me a freak. That's right. Thanks for keeping me entertained with my musings all these years. Stay sexy and live in a train. xo, Amanda. Good advice. Amanda. Amanda, we are here to support you. When in doubt live in a train. Yes. Let's put that on a T-shirt. That's amazing. Wait, you have the picture.


Can we look at it? Oh, that's an exact match. Yeah. In my opinion, in my, in my professional detective opinion. Yeah. Why wouldn't that be it? No Shit. It's exact. That's that's really eerie. Crazy I. love it. Like That's the kind of story that a murderer would start to tell at a, you know, party. And then people would walk away and you'd be like, what are you, this is the most interesting story you've ever heard. And then we would push forward. Yeah. Tell it again. Everything. Tell us about your, your old train. Is it haunted? Here's my last one. No subject line. it says Hello And. Welcome period to my email.


I've tried to write in before about the time when my dad stopped a kidnapper, but I have a feeling this email, is it And? it is. When I was a kid, my mom worked in restaurants that meant evenings, weekends, and holidays. Now, my dad was not a trash dad, but sort of a trash dad. He was going it alone for most dinners, sporting events, proms, et cetera. I was about six years old. And I had a soccer game. My dad hauled all of us to the park and was working the prime parent project of entertaining two kids while supporting me on the field. He was cheering me on while keeping an eye on my older sister, nine years old, and my brother four years old on the playground. He was focused on the soccer game. I was most likely doing cartwheels at this point and lost track of my sister.


He scans the park to see her walking away with an older man across the field. To my kitty delight, I saw him running across the soccer field towards my sister. He yanks her away from this mystery man, And. I. Remember seeing him yelling something like, luck, you brother luck. Don't you understand that? You can say, fuck you motherfucker on this podcast. Later that night, my dad called our local police to inform them that a man at our local park was recruiting girls to play basketball by bringing them to his truck to sign up. No Sign up. In quotes, the police looked into the case and ended up raiding the guy's house.


It turned out the man literally had a young girl locked up in his basement. They found the girl who survived and they arrested the guy. Holy shit. It's incredible. My dad now 60, shrugs it off like it was no big deal, but I know he stopped a bad man before he escalated. Yeah. Anyways, thank you for your amazing show. Stay sexy and keep an eye on your kids. Solana Oh, My, God. That like could have been a classic hometown, but it's not because your dad was paying attention because Your dad can multitask. The rare man who can multitask and God damn, that must have been, that's Insane Bewildering.


It's like they went right up to the edge of the cliff. Yeah. And then he was completely correct and, and the police followed through and it all went the right way. Yeah. All right. Well, it's not, as you're near misses and your and your what, your crazy aunt stories and all that stuff, And of course your full nude stories. We love it. That's right. And also stay Sexy. Don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi.


Email your hometowns to my favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite murder, and on Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.