
This is exactly right.


Over 25 years ago, on September 29th, 1998, we watched a brainy girl with curly hair drop everything to follow a guy she only kind of knew all the way to college, and so began Felicity. My name is Juliette Lipman and I'm a Felicity Super fan. Join me Amanda Foreman, who you may know better, is Megan the roommate and Greg Gruberg, who you may also know as Sean Blumberg. As the three of us revisit our favorite moments from the show and talk to the people who help shape it. Listen to Dear Felicity on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Kate Winkler Dawson, inviting you to listen to brand new episodes of my True Crime Talk Show Wicked Words On. each new episode, I interview journalists, podcasters and filmmakers about the fascinating behind the scenes stories from their investigations into the world of true crime, many of which have never been shared before. So join me and a new special guest Each week for new episodes of Wicked Words as we dive deep into the stories behind the stories. New episodes of Wicked Words are available now wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, Hello And. Welcome, To. My favorite murder, The mini sode. That's right. Will we read you your stories? Are you ready to hear stories? Are you ready to watch stories? Because we're reading them on camera for the fan cult. So join in if you wanna see Everybody, pinch your cheeks for a little natural blush and get ready for some video. Oh, no, that's, oh, you wanna go first this time? Sure. Okay. I'm not gonna tell you the story. I'm not gonna tell you the, I'm not gonna tell you the line, subject line, the line that starts. I'm not gonna tell you. I'm not gonna tell you. You're Not gonna hear it. I Did it. Okay. Dearest, MFM, I can't remember what you asked for. That made me go, oh God, I have a story like that.


I think I blocked it out much like I have tried and failed to block out this story. Oh, I live in a house in a quiet neighborhood in Austin, Texas with my husband and two kids. At the time of the story, they were five and two. It was November, and we were having an early unusual cold snap. I love that fucking phrase. I don't know why A cold snap. The nights were crisp and quiet except for my 2-year-old who was awake in the middle of the night every single night for the entire month. For reasons no one will ever know The private can. The 2-year-old have a life for Christ's sake. On the night of this story, he started crying and I woke up and went to get him. I settled down into the rocking chair in his room and made a conscious decision to put my phone face down on the table next to the chair so that I wouldn't wind up sitting there wide awake and buying things I didn't need from Instagram ads.


Amen. Yeah. At some point while I was sitting there holding my drowsy warm toddler, I fell asleep, and then I was waking up in a state of deep disorientation. I blinked awake to the side of a light floating above me from just a couple feet away. It took me a long moment to realize it was the flashlight from my husband's phone, and my husband was standing there in the dark looking down at me and our sleeping child. The police are here. He said, what? I stared at him baffled. What I asked the police are here, he said again. Turns out, while I was sleeping in the rocking chair, my husband woke up to a weird floating light of his own. The police were in our backyard shining flashlights into our bedroom window.


He could hear their voices as they moved onto another part of the house announcing themselves and asking if anyone was home. At this point, he turned over to wake me up, but my side of the bed was empty. Then beginning to panic, he checked both our kids' baby monitors. Our older son was sleeping, but our younger son's bed was empty and the police were here. Ugh. Assuming something so horrible had happened to me or a baby that I couldn't even get down the stairs and had needed to call the police, he ran upstairs and flung open the door to our younger son's room, turning his flashlight on his phone, and there we were asleep in the chair, which was just outta sight of the monitor. By the time he explained this all to me, and I was awake enough to understand the police had left, I put my son back into bed and he and I went into the hallway to wonder aloud why the police were here, if not, because my husband's wife and son were injured or hiding from an intruder or some other horrible thing.


At this point, I looked at my phone and in the recent call section I saw a long call to nine one one. Oh no. From me, made in my sleep. Oh no. Every once in a while I sleepwalk happens every five years or so, and now I. guess I sleep. Call the cops, stay sexy and always be visible on the baby monitor. Sarah. And I said ps. I called 9 1 1 back and explained what had happened and apologized and they said it was fine and that my phone call was completely silent and that the police had already come out and couldn't find anything. So they left, which I'm glad the police didn't break into my house, but also they got a long silent phone call from my address and just left when they couldn't find anything.


WTF. Yeah. Yeah. Knock on the front door. Knock on that front door, Right? Something, something. Yeah. It's kind of like, well, we saw the front of the house, everything's fine. Right? I, guess we better go. Well, No one's screaming out the window, so I guess everything's fine. I mean that's the best case scenario. Did I ever tell you the story? My friends Peter and Nancy had when their son was like 18 months old, they had a video baby monitor, and Peter was up one night. The monitor was on in the background, and as Peter was watching it, he sees two hands go in and go to lift the baby up, and it turned out it was the neighbor's baby monitor that was like sending that signal.


But when he told me that story, I like viscerally felt that how fucking scary that would be. That Is awful. And also he burst into the room and woke his son up. Yeah. Scaring the shit out of his kid. Oh My. God. Yeah. Here's my first one. It says My dad's ultimate Museum violation. Hello. I heard you guys wanted to hear stories about violating museum rules and boy do I have a story for you. Before Covid, my family used to travel, and one of the last places we went was Prague. My mom planned for us to go to a, on a historical tour of Old Town Prague that featured all the famous buildings, including the Prague Astronomical clock. The tour was amazing, and the last stop was the interior of the astronomical clock.


Wow. I don't, I don't know anything about this. Now I wanna go Me Too. Now this clock is old. It was built in the medieval era in the early 14 hundreds. That's late, late medieval, and now every hour there are little figures that peak out of the clock. Mm. On the interior of the clock, you can climb up a stone staircase and peer into the clock to see these figures. At the top of the staircase, there is also a velvet rope held up by a 600 year old iron medieval stanchion to keep people from getting too close. Wow. My dad, to get a better picture, climbed over the velvet rope and not the stanchion down the entire stone staircase Oh. my God.


You could hear the stanchion cling against every period, single period stair period. Oh my God, I swear the place was rattling. Security and staff ran into the room in a panic only to find my dad at the top of the stairs and the 50 pound and centuries old stanchion at the bottom. Everyone stared at him, and it was the most mortifying moment in my entire life. He tipped the tour guide 20 US dollars, the wrong currency, and quickly left to find my family who had pretended not to know him and left him alone. That's the only solution. That's the only answer. It's the only way you're not, don't crowd up around people who just made a loud, like a large public mistake, walk away.


Nothing worse. It's not Your problem Anymore. No one wants to be near, they don't want you near them. You don't wanna be near them. No, no. Every man for himself we're only as strong as our weakest link. Back to the email, you guys got me into True crime. I truly never go a week without listening to MFM. Oh, thank you. Stay sexy and don't tamper with historical artifacts. Maddie, she her Oh. My, God. Yeah. Like I've done it before, so I can't be like, I can't berate people who like think that you know velvet ropes and like, don't cross this lines, don't apply to them, because something just sometimes gets in your fucking head. Right. You know? But I've done it so I'm not like, Yeah, no judgements.


But also, one of the biggest humiliations in this human life experience is when you judge a velvet rope to be at a low height that you can easily jump over and you're wrong. They're always higher than they, than you think they're, it's an optical illusion every fucking time, and you eat it every time. You Gotta keep that back foot high when you're coming over. You gotta keep your ankle up by your butt, or you're going down friend. You're going down in Prague the worst place to go. Oh, My, God to, to fall down.


Karen, don't you love it when you learn something new? Yes. Especially when I can tell everyone, it was taught to me by a famous person. Right. And with masterclass, you can learn from the best to become your best. You can take acting lessons from the Queen. Yes, that's right. Helen Meen teaches acting only available on masterclass. Masterclass is the only streaming platform. While you'll have access to over 200 experts across 13 categories like entertainment, science, and wellness, For just $10 a month, you'll get an annual membership and unlimited access to every instructor on your phone, computer, or smart tv. The Masterclass platform is so powerful. 88% of members report feeling like the lessons made a positive impact on their lives. Plus, every new membership comes with a 30 day money back guarantee. Don't wait another moment to start your learning journey with Masterclass. I think you're a fan of Esther Perel. I am Such a brilliant therapist. Yeah. She teaches a class that's basically about relationships, your work, like all the relationships in your life, and how to work on them and and grow them. Oh, my God, everyone could use that. You can also learn how to design floral arrangements with Maurice Harris, so there's that too. Right now, our listeners will get an additional 15% off any annual membership@masterclass.com slash mfm. That's 15% off at masterclass.com/mfm Masterclass.com/mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay. My second one's called an escape from Broadmoor. Amusing short read. Oh, great. Greetings from a snowy Canada. Yes. It's still snowing here in the middle of May, huh? I suck at gushing sentiments, so please pretend they've been inserted here. Not good enough. I had originally drafted an email with my dad, Laura, stories about him hitchhiking around Chicago in the mid seventies, or the fact that he lived two doors down from the Yorkshire Ripper whilst at university. It says, apparently he was quiet, but seemed like a nice guy. Isn't that how it always goes? Apex predator. Yeah, that's right. However, listening to mini, so 360 8, I got a better idea, and after confirming things with my mom, I decided to write this.


I also grew up down the road from Broadmoor Hospital. Wow. Which we've talked about many times. It's the, what do we call it At the time? It was called an asylum. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. With my secondary school being positioned across the road from one of their warning systems, the two tone alarm was a soundtrack to my childhood and a very normal part of life in that area. You heard the sound, knew it was 10:00 AM on Monday morning and went on with your life. I was in school one day in the early two thousands when a siren sounded, there was a slight acknowledgement to the sound, but most of us ignored it and carried on learning. It was just confirmation that it was at start of the week and the alarms were working. Nothing unusual there.


It wasn't until our head teacher came rushing through the door in a panic that we realized something was wrong. Turns out it wasn't a Monday morning, but was in fact a Wednesday afternoon. Oh. Our poor head was apparently the only one who had realized the day and gravity of the alarm ringing and had to run around the school to herd 1400 people to the safety of the gym. Once there, the emergency alarm procedure kicked into place. You imagine there's just like, yeah, this is what happens in your town. You gotta, yeah. You just kinda always deal with it. Therefore, alarms don't mean as much. Right. It's Scary. That's scary. Exactly. With many having to wait for their parents to return from works to collect them from school.


Not me though. My mom had chosen the good to walk home option, which I did alone through a graveyard, making sure to pick up my younger sisters from other schools en route. Ah, the joys of being the oldest child in the two thousands. Oh, and the reason for the panic. Turns out a low security patient decided he'd had enough of the catering at the hospital, so took it upon himself to wander down the high street to a local cafe where he was found enjoying a nice cup of tea. Huh. Apparently he was allowed to finish his cuppa before being taken back to Broadmoor. Oh, the British and their cups of tea. Stay sexy and finish that cup of tea.


Becky, she her, That is immensely decent that they let him finish a cup of tea. Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean you made it to the cafe. Yeah. I Make it. You're most security already. Like, Yeah, just let me go and be in a nice restaurant. Yeah. Gimme like one minute please. I'm saying it like people are keeping me out of restaurants in any way, shape, or form. Alright. The subject line of this L is secret door in an attic. What five words do you wanna hear more? Hey there. Theresa from Minnesota here. Longtime listener, first time caller. I heard a topnotch wall treasure story on the Minnesota today, and it unearthed a gem.


When I was about 10, my parents bought a creamery from the turn of the century. Wow. Unbelievable. In an even tinier town, about 45 minutes outside our small town, they had big plans, but everyone around them knew that they had lost the plot. The place was trashed. They brought us girls up to help every, and the help is in quotes to help every weekend, and we spent most of the time taking a bowling ball. We found in one of the many creepy Shirley haunted back rooms and dropping it through the rotten floorboards. The most fun any kid has ever fucking had. So loud and and destructive. Yeah.


Here's the thing. It was stuffed to the brim with treasure. We found the insides of a piano, old art toys, all of it covered in years of bat and mouth shit, but still treasure to me a grime loving 10-year-old. Anyway, we were exploring the horrendously nasty attic. One day I would've have loved to rummage through everything in there. It was full of old signs and brick of brack. I still daydream about what could have been hiding in there, but here's where my mom drew the line. Remember the bowling ball? She didn't want her daughters dropping through the even more fragile attic floor. As my parents reminded us occasionally, my mom and dad had life insurance, so they were allowed to take risks.


I was ordered to stay near the door to the attic, but I couldn't help rifling through the disgusting artifacts. There was a stack of giant metal signs nearby, and I started moving them around, bracing myself for a bad attack. In the shuffle, I exposed the wall and found a tiny child-sized door. When we got it open, it led to a room the size of a gymnasium. What? The floor dropped down about 10 feet. The floor had different levels, like giant theater seating. Each level was covered in sawdust. The only access to the room was a rickety old ladder, so we were not allowed to go down and explore.


Probably for the best, who knows what we would've found in that ancient sawdust? A body old cheese, either way. Good. Co. My parents had no idea it was there. They found out later that it was where they kept the dairy cold pre refrigerators. Soon after that, they found out how much money it is to evict an entire bat community That's approximately the same population as New York City, and they sold it to the lowest bidder. We never went down into the secret Room. I'd like to shout out my oldest sister Alice, who as a teenager with a job, was never forced to visit the creamery, but she introduced me to this podcast, so, you know, kind of gotta as in shadow out.


Okay. Thank you for all you do. All these years of listening, and you still get me laughing out loud moral of the story. Stay sexy and leave those bats alone, Theresa. That's like the reality of those dreams you have of like buying an abandoned, you know, elementary school and it's like, it's not what you fucking think it is. No. There's a lot of people that are trying to buy the $1 houses in Italy. Oh my God, and it's like Oh, my God. It's like, okay, but then you have to redo it and you have to redo it in Italy. Yeah, Up to code in Italian. Do you speak fluent Italian then? Enjoy. Oh, No, thank y'all. Yeah.


Hey, Karen. I have a question. When you're feeling down, how do you make yourself feel better? I think it's really weird. You'd ask me that while we're recording, but if you have to know the answer is shopping. That's the correct answer. Whether you're shopping for yourself or buying jewelry for someone special, blue Nile has what you're looking for. Blue Nile is the original online retailer of diamonds and fine jewelry. They offer thousands of independently graded diamonds and gorgeous pieces at prices significantly below traditional retail Timeless classics like their yellow gold tennis bracelet or their diamond huggy hoops. They're the perfect addition to any outfit, plus their birthstone necklaces and rings make a great personalized gift. Blue Niles experts are available to you twenty four seven by phone or chat, and you can ask them technical questions, learn how to best utilize your budget and get specific recommendations. It's real help from a real human without any of the anxiety. Blue Nile takes the risk out of buying fine jewelry online, and not only do they have some of the highest quality standards in the industry, but they offer 30 day returns and a diamond price match guarantee experience. The ease and convenience of shopping Blue Nile, the original online jeweler. Go to blue nile.com today. That's blue nile.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This podcasters sponsored in part by MIDI Health. As I've gotten older, one of the biggest lessons I've learned is to speak up when something is wrong. That's Right. It's all about advocating for yourself. This is Especially true as you navigate your health during menopause or perimenopause. Hormonal transition is a normal part of aging, but that doesn't mean you have to suffer through symptoms like insomnia or hot flashes. Mid health understands what you're going through and connects you to experts in menopausal Care. If you've never heard of menopausal care, that might be because 75% of women who seek clinical support don't receive treatment. Ugh. Committee Health is the only virtual care clinic for women. Navigating midlife hormonal transition. Mid health provides the support you need and deserve. From FDA approved medications to lifestyle coaching and health guidance, All mid health services are covered by insurance and can be accessed through telehealth visits and 24 7 direct messaging. Your Body changes in midlife and so should your healthcare. If you're over 40, you deserve to feel great. So visit MIDI Health Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join, MID i.com. Goodbye.


My last one's called Serendipitous but Dark Meet. Cute. Oh, hi there. Longtime listener, first time storyteller. Growing up, my parents would tell me any age appropriate story I wanted while they drove me to my grandma's house to spend the night. I would go to her house almost every Saturday so they could spend their evening bar hopping and singing karaoke, which fun fact I grew up to love doing as well. Anyway, during these car rides, I would usually request the deets on our family history. I have a ton of great stories about my own family's childhoods and younger years, but on this particular trip to my grandma's, I wanted to know how my parents' relationship came to be. The story they told surprised me, and to be honest, was a bit heavier than my little heart had bargained for, but they apparently decided I was old enough to know.


So here goes my dad, Billy, and then it says, short for Billy Ray. Not William was engaged to his high school sweetheart, Mickey, I don't know a lot of details about Nikki because she has always been difficult for my dad to talk about. One evening, Mickey was driving herself home on a hilly highway after getting a fresh perm done. It was the eighties as she reached the top of the hill. So did another vehicle going the wrong direction. Oh no. She was hit head on and died at the scene. The investigation concluded that the collision was intentional. The other driver had decided to take their own life and in the process took a complete stranger with them.


Horrible. Years after Mickey's tragic death, I would discover a detail even more heartbreaking while going through old family mementos. A copy of Mickey's death certificate was packed away neatly next to one of her and my dad's wedding invitations. The date of her death was only three days before their wedding date. She had been on her way home from getting her hair done, but that special day, that would never come. Oh, no. Switching gears. My mom, Pam, also experienced tragedy that same year when her husband, mark took his own life. My big sister was just a baby. So overnight my mom became a struggling young single mother. She decided to sell her late husband's vehicle to a local salvage yard for extra cash.


The employee who helped her happened to be none other than my dad. While telling me the story, he said he couldn't believe how beautiful she was and he had to take the chance. He turned on the charm, but failed to impress my recently widowed mom. In fact, she reported him, oh no. She told the owner of the salvage yard that she didn't appreciate his employee's inappropriate and unwanted flirtatious behavior. Good for her. Yeah, that's right. She was there for a business transaction and that was it. The owner apologized profusely and told her that the employee was his son and that he was having a hard time with the somewhat recent death of his fiance. My mom was deeply moved by their similar experiences.


They shared and left the salvage yard with my dad's number scrolled on a piece of paper in my grandpa's handwriting. They went on one date and the rest is history. They moved in together after that first date and found support in each other that couldn't really be found anywhere else. Yep. They were married five years later, and my big sister was the flower girl. She's never known our father as anything but dad because he raised her as his own from the very beginning without question, long before I came around. Mm. I used to feel so bad that two people who my parents loved very much, had to die before the conditions were just right. For me to be born as I was a kid, I was a big believer in fate and truly believed my parents were meant to be.


As an adult, I lean more toward the idea that life is just fragile and that my parents love story was simply one chapter and a bigger ever changing narrative. My mom died in 2015 after a long battle with a brain tumor, and my dad is now remarried and doing pretty well, and I even have some awesome step siblings, which was a curve ball I never expected in my adult life. I'll leave you with this. Even though I struggle to believe life isn't made up of unseen variables that collide at random to tell our unique stories, the idea of fate isn't so easily dismissed. My dad's late fiance, Mickey had a brother, and my mom's late husband, mark had a sister who have now been married for 20 plus years.


Oh my God. They met through my parents, whether by fate or sheer coincidence, both families will always be connected by these tragic circumstances. Thank you both for all you do and for taking the time to listen to and retell so many fascinating stories that might never get to be told otherwise. Y'all make me smile. S-S-D-G-M, Caleb, Caleb, what a like. That wasn't just like, oh, a meet. Cute. It's kind of like, here's my parents meet. Cute. That's incredibly moving. Right? Like a true human story because this life is grief and this life is difficulty and this life is heartbreak. And then those moments in between where human beings like find each other and help each other.


Like that's specifically both of their grief. Yeah. Matching that way. Yeah. Is so what a lovely happenstance. Yeah. If you believe it's happenstance, you believe it was written in the wind, whatever. I know it Happened. My, my heart is in my throat right now reading that. All right, well, let me take it back out with this very entertaining last email. It just starts. Hello ladies. I'm happy to say that I'm a new listener and a day one listener. Thanks to your rewind episode. Hey. Hey. If you don't know what this person's talking about, we have a third episode we called the Rewind episode where George and I basically re-listened to, and then play parts of the first ever episode we ever did.


It's kinda like a best of Yeah, but more of a reflection back of eight years ago With commentary. Go Listen to that if you want. You might like it. It worked on this person. And then in parentheses they say, I feel like I cheated the system somehow. That was the idea. That's right. We're we are trying to sneak you into the front of the line. Okay. It says, while you are off enjoying your vacations, I've just returned from mine where my daughter introduced me to your podcasters. It's nice to meet you. Ooh. Such good manners. We were on a cross country road trip moving her from Arizona to the big Apple to begin a new, exciting chapter in her life. Crossing through 10 states to get to New York gave us lots of bonding and podcast time.


Thanks for accompanying us. It was a blast. Road trips have always been a part of our DNA and one of our most memorable ones was taken at the start of the electronics explosion. It was the early two thousands, and we were headed to San Diego, California from Phoenix, Arizona, wanting to keep our two toddler girls entertained as well as wanting to be the coolest dad ever. My husband rigged a TV with a built-in VHS player between the front seats for the girls to watch an endless loop of the Lion King with popcorn. Of course. Wow. Can you imagine a parent giving that much of a shit about whether or not you're entertained, Entertained and fed?


Like those are two things that like we didn't really experience parents caring about as children. It was more of like, get, you know, you're, that's your job, really. Yeah. Yeah. And then if we're on vacation, the vacation starts when we arrive. Right. So the way there isn't supposed to be fun. My dad's, when we would go on a road trip that he would buy a bag of peanuts and a bag of raisins and you were to put them in your hand together. You don't need to spend money on trail mix. You can make it yourself in your hand. That's Right. You know? Okay. I mean everyone was doing their best. Yeah. Portable DVD players were new to the scene and well over $500 each.


So this was my husband's budget solution. Note that flat screen TVs were not a thing yet. So imagine a giant square TV on a milk crate stand wedged and strapped between two front seats. But wait, the imagery gets even better. He hadn't anticipated the road noise being so loud that no matter how high the volume was turned up, the girls still couldn't hear the movie. This being an opportunity to begin his career as a superhero dad, he stopped at a radio shack, bought a Mr microphone, a bo, and a boombox, the store supply of D batteries, two headphones and a splitter, and armed with a roll of duct tape. He strapped the Mr microphone to the speaker on the tv, connected it to the boombox, which he had duct taped to the back of his head rest so we could easily access the controls, plugged the splitter and two sets of headphones into that boom box and voila, the day was saved.


Oh, My God. This dad is a handyman. He Is doing it. In the end, I'm sure it would've been cheaper to just buy a portable DVD player, but anybody can do that. It takes a genius to spend as much money to create a workaround. Yeah, That's right. To this day, he continues to be our superhero and the best dad ever. There is no problem, too big or complicated for him to solve, and if he thinks he can do it cheaper, he will ask me about the $10 store display stand that he bought so he could build a cheap tiki bar, only $10 and $300 later he had a bar. And anyhow, I hope you're creating memories on your vacation.


Stay sexy and remember, money can buy anything but only duct tape and a genius mind can earn you superhero status. Best regards, Karen. Aw, I love that. I love that dad. Yeah, Andy Dads Because then again, like my dad, if the first plan didn't work, he'd be like, ah, I just look out the window. He would be frustrated and and disappointed, and then that would just be his need would then be to tell us, you don't have any needs. Right. As opposed to if Karen's dad didn't make that fix, it's like the ultimate tease. Yeah. Of like, you get to watch the Lion King in the car. No, you don't anymore.


And now I'm mad of now your parents mad at you. Yes. Essentially you're somehow, you're somehow in the wrong. You didn't think of it, but okay. Ugh. These the children of today, they're so spoiled. You guys don't even know. Send us your emails at my favorite murder at Gmail, your hometowns. We love to hear 'em, and thank you for being here with us this day. Whether you are just listening with your ears or if you're in the fan cult and you've been looking with your eyes. Thank you. Thanks. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production.


Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sci. Email your hometowns To my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite murder, and on Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.