
This is exactly right.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh, yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. There was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy, and we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives dot org.


When your to-do list feels endless, let Audible turn it into a mini adventure. You'll be the Robinson Cruso of vacuuming you Can dive into Never flinch by Stephen King, or you can get hooked on Mad Love an audible original that keeps you guessing. With every chapter With thousands of titles and originals. Audible keeps your brain entertained while you tackle real life. Start listening and discover what's beyond the edge of your seat. New Members can try Audible now free for 30 days and dive into a world of new thrills. Visit Audible.com/murder or text murder to 500 dash 500. That's audible.com/murder. Or text murder to 500 dash 500. Goodbye.


Hello And welcome To My favorite Murder. This is the Mini. So we read You your stories, You've sent us emails. We're going to read them out loud. We got them all. We got every single email, 19 billion sold And counting. You just steal McDonald's email rates. Do you wanna go first? Sure. Lemme see. That always means I'm going last, and so I wanna have a strong last. Oh, okay. You know what I mean? Who has the best last? My last one's about snails. So let's do it. Okay. What? You have a good last, I saw That on your face. Mine's about slugs. So let's just see. Let's just see. Okay. This is called a baby, a gas station and a murder. How? I ended up in the middle of a hometown homicide.


Oh Shit. Hey, Karen and Georgia, longtime fan of the show. Thank you both for making true crime. Feel like hilarious therapy session with your equally morbid best friends. I finally decided to send in my story and let's just say it's got babysitting, betrayal, and bloodshed. Oof. When I was in my twenties, I was working at a gas station in a busy part of the city. I had a handful of regulars that I saw almost every day, and one of them was a sweet young couple who had just had a baby. They were friendly, a little frazzled, new parents after all, but always kind. One night, the young new mom came in alone with the baby and asked if I could watch him for a few minutes while she ran home to grab diapers. She forgot. It's a gas station clerk. Sorry. So you're gonna stop off at the gas station, not bring your baby all the way home with you.


Right. But also like gas stations usually have diapers in the gas station too. Right? Really good. I didn't even think about that to just Know. There's all kinds of things at the gas station, but not childcare. No. Lots of red flags here. She said she lived just down the street and would be faster solo. So I said sure, because nothing says qualified babysitter like a minimum wage and a name tag. She came back a little while later, asked to use the phone, made a phone call, and not long after someone picked her and the baby up seemed like a weird blip in my shift, but no big deal until the next day when I was brought in for questioning in a murder investigation. Turns out when she went back home after leaving her baby girl with me at the gas station, they had gotten into an argument that escalated quickly when she found out he had taken a gay lover.


She ended up stabbing him to death while I was unknowingly watching her baby. Like some clueless accomplice with a Slurpee machine in the background. Oh, I'll ask my questions after. I mean, I might not have the answers. She turned. Was it premeditated, right? Like is this the whole, was that the plan? Like, this is my alibis. Why would you leave your baby with the gas station clerk? No offense. She turned herself in the morning after the murder, which is why the detectives were questioning me about her behavior, which for the record was eerily calm. She later pleaded guilty to third degree murder and was sentenced to 16 years. Needless to say, I was completely shocked. It was one of the wildest moments of my life, and now I get to say I was unknowingly part of a murder timeline.


Stay sexy and remember, red flags don't always wave. Sometimes they hand you a baby. Oh, Leslie, she her Leslie. Nice one. Nice Button there. Yeah. And sorry you had to take the friendly fire from me, but I, it's scares me so much that idea where it's like people and it's been said a thousand times, so it's like you don't have to have a license to have a child. Right. What parent in the world is like, you know, I'm just go ahead and hold my baby this for A second. Hold my baby. I've come in here a lot of days before and for, for for multiple minutes at a time. You know, it's the Lady with the baby at the gas station. Yeah. This has gotta be cool. All right. Well kind of related, the subject line of this email is a personal latchkey kid. I survived.


Hi friends in the early summer of 1989. I was seven years old and lived in Lenexa, Kansas, a suburb of Kansas City, notorious for absolutely nothing. I lived with my mom and her best friend, both of whom were pretty young and outgoing. In, in parentheses it says Foreshadowing ETC. My parents were very recently divorced and my older sister was in her first or second round of rehab all around fun times for all. So I was left home alone every day in our shitty apartment complex to take care of myself, moment of silence for the latchkey kids and the trauma they endured unknowingly by themselves, never really processed until they wrote their book with their podcast partner Called Stay Sex and Don't Get Murdered.


Amen And Amen. And then my father said, how were you a latchkey kid? They just live in Chicago. Wait, what? Like my, oh, they just like latchkey kids only live in Chicago. They Only live in Chicago. I thought you Were gonna say you weren't a latchkey kid. We didn't lock the door. Oh yeah. That is literally true. So it says, one morning I was eating government cereal and watching three's company And Watching three's company. This is, this is everyone's life. When I heard a knock on the door, my mom had told me repeatedly that if someone were to come to the door to pretend I was not there and not to answer it all caps, no matter what, I figured whoever it was would leave. So I just kept watching the show and ignored it, except the knocking didn't stop. It got louder and more insistent, and my 7-year-old brain registered that something was very wrong.


As the knocking increased and the doorknobs started to rattle, I remember thinking that I should leave the TV on and not turn down the volume otherwise they would know I was inside. Yeah, smart. I set my cereal bowl down and silently tiptoed towards the front door shaking. It's at this moment that the knocking escalated to banging and a man started yelling, open the fucking door. I know you're in there. I can hear you. Oh my God. And then it just says, holy fucking shit. I know. I had a little stool next to the door, so I stepped up on it and pressed my eye to the peephole and immediately saw an eyeball staring back at me. No, I jumped down nope. To the fuck. Right outta there to my bedroom in the back and called my mom at work, seven years old, Jesus Christ.


Okay. When I told her what was going on, she told me she was on her way and to hang up and call 9 1 1 the whole time, the man is still banging on my door, shaking it and rattling the handle, screaming expletives at me. The dispatcher that answered my phone call calmly told me to lock my bedroom door to stay on the phone, And that the police were on the way in about five to 10 minutes. The police arrived. The dispatcher said they had the man, and it was okay to unlock the door. Oh my God. When I did, I saw a man sporting a heinous mullet surrounded by officers at the foot of the stairs. The cops came in and waited with me for my mom to get there. They said the guy claimed he was there to paint the apartment and he just quote, had the wrong unit number. Ah-huh. I immediately told the police that the man was lying because the unit numbers were very large and located just above the people that he had been looking at me through.


Fuck seven. Yes. My mom arrived in minutes afterwards and filed a complaint with the complex. I got to go to work with her the rest of the week, And we forgot all about it. About three weeks later, on the morning of June 27th, all over the news was the report of two missing female roommates brunette, and in their mid twenties that had disappeared from their apartment in the complex across the street. What Christine Rush and Theresa Brown's apartment looked as though they had come home for the evening, started getting ready for bed, and were surprised by someone already hiding in their home. Oh no. The last anyone heard of either women were two phone calls made by Brown to their respective employers on the morning of the 26th, calling in sick for the day.


No one ever spoke to either woman again. Oh my God. In the weeks and months that followed through fingerprint analysis, bank statements, and general stupidity on his part. Richard Grissom, the maintenance worker at the apartment complex we lived in, was the first man in Kansas history to be tried and convicted of murder without any bodies. Holy shit. He has never admitted to his guilt, nor to the families where the women's remains are. The only thing he will say to this day is, you'll dig them up. Oh my God. And then it says, what a fucking piece of human trash. Yeah. I will never forget the day they first identified him as the main suspect. I was sitting on the crunchy brown carpet of our apartment and I saw that ass clown's face pop up on the tv and then in quotes, it says, that's the man mom.


That's the guy that was pounding on the door. My mom went white changed the channel And we never talked about it again. Years later, I saw the forensic files on this case and I had a realization that man was not trying to get me. My mom and her roommate looked eerie, really similar to his victims. Yeah. Both sets of women were beautiful, young, outgoing brunettes who lived together. So that's my story. Richard Grissom is rotting away forever with no chance of parole. And I am alive and well. Thank you for being the voices in my ear for years and a happy distraction during this shit. Storm yours in murder and anxiety, Jillian. Oh My God. Jillian, like, yes, he was going after these women, but if he had opened the door And you had been there, like you were just in the way, that's just, he would've done whatever.


And just that like moment of like quietly putting down her cereal bowl and tiptoeing Yeah. To the door. Definitely done that. Yes. Like those weird moments of like, well, I guess I'm gonna make this call. Oh my God. 'cause it's God. 'cause it's just me to figure this plan out. Yeah. 'cause I'm seven and I'm Alone. Jillian. Oh, Jillian. Jillian.


Hey Karen. I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twists and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, this Is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, oh my God. Once detected it sounds, alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh My God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn More about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Not everyone who handles your personal information is gonna be as careful as you are and it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a nude victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen. A LifeLock US based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can help protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code murder or go to lifelock.com/murder for 40% off terms apply.


Okay. This is called Birthday Party at a Mormon profits house. Great. It's a little Long. We've never gotten one of these before. No. Hi ladies. Fun little ghosty story for you. I worked as a birthday hostess at the Historic Lion House in Salt Lake City, Utah. All through high school. That's right. I dressed as a Mormon pioneer and through children's birthday parties in an old pioneer house complete with Tappy polling a boring ass tour of the house and a rousing game of button. Button. Who's got the button? Who's, Who's got the button? You know it. Of course. I've never heard of my life. It's such a seventies Montessori. It's just basically like someone's holding a button And you have to guess who's got it in their hand. Oh My God. And And it says And hide the thimble.


Oh, it's the, oh, that's the other game. Button. Button. Who's got and hide the thimble. The birthday kid is also gifted A scary porcelain doll. No, I'm not making this up. Oh Shit. Button. Button. Who's got the button? All the games are sewing based because they actually want those women over at the sewing table. That's right. Making some clothes. A Little history about the house. Before I tell you about the scariest 10 minutes of my life. The Lion House is located in the heart of Salt Lake City and is the historic home of the former Mormon prophet Brigham Young. Brigham Young Brigham. Feel free to Google him. He was a real piece of shit. Anyway, at one point the house was home to about a dozen of his wives and 30 plus children. Most of the rooms are now used for wedding receptions, high school reunions, and it's a huge Mormon tradition for kids to celebrate their eighth birthday at the Lion House.


What a racket. I mean, I wonder if it's like some sort of confirmation age or like that's Oh yeah. Maybe in the house you will find a framed piece of art that depicts flowers embroidered using Brigham Young's wive's actual hair. Hmm. Pretty. Yeah. Wooden chairs that were carved custom to fit each wife's butt. Great. What? I'd Love it. I want one of those and lots of other treasures that were original to the home anyway. When I was 17, I was working a wedding reception late one night. What a fun job for a teenager. Right? A wedding reception where you're dressed like an old style. Yeah. Mormon pioneer. But there's No like, you can't sneak the rest of anyone's glass of champagne 'cause there's no alcohol.


You can smoke a cigarette. Aren't they allowed to smoke cigarettes? I Don't know. Not the women. Probably. That's Scientology. I'm so sorry. Not the women. And I was assigned to clothes mostly. That just means take garbages out, run the dishwasher, et cetera. The worst part, however, it was turning off the lights at the end of the night and hauling ass out of the house. I'm sure you can imagine the super creepy portraits and mirrors that are all over the place. On this particular night, I decided I would turn off all the lights first. You know, get the scary part over, and then do the dishes alone in the kitchen of a pitch black. Definitely haunted pioneer house and be candlelight or something. Right? Maybe it's like you turn the lights off and the entire house, but the kitchen light is on.


Or like in the ballroom or whatever. Maybe. But the idea of getting the scary part done first, the scariness is the darkness. Yeah. So you're not getting it done if you go back into it and hang out at It. That's Yeah. The logic doesn't logic. I just Would love to discuss the logic of this decision. Her name's Sarah. Sarah. Sarah made total sense at the time. I swear she was 17. Obviously I was terrified of every tiny noise I heard, but by the time I was done, most of the jumpiness had worn off and I had let my guard down. As I hung up, my pioneer PFO turned off the kitchen light and waited for the elevator to take me to the parking garage. I heard footsteps above me. I froze. I just stood there alone in a scary pitch, dark house and listened for a good 10 minutes.


As the footsteps moved from room to room above me, occasionally rustling the curtains, softly opening and closing cupboards and slowly worked their way down the stairs towards me. I backed myself up against a wall and squeezed my eyes shut with tears streaming down my face. I was positive. The ghost of Brother Brigham was coming to drag me to Mormon. Hell, then I heard a man's voice say, you good? What? I opened my eyes to see a security guard standing in front of me. Turns out that there were several security guards who would come in after we turned the lights off to double check the house before locking up. What A security guard.


She's crying. She's crying and has her eyes and she's like this. Oh my God. And he's like, are you Good? Bam. Are You No, I'm a scene from a horror movie. I'm I'm What happens right before the girl gets killed in the horror movie, it Ghost it's movie security guard. No, I'm not. Okay. Help Out. You're part of this. Why they didn't just turn off the freaking lights themselves is beyond me. Yeah. Really? So when I turned off the lights early, he came in to make his rounds. Hmm. And scared the pioneer heritage right outta me. Stay sexy and don't pee in your pioneer pinafore when a prophet ghost stalks you. Yeah. Sarah, she her. Easy for you to say, Sarah, that's, I would've lost my motherfucking shit. Well, I Mean, you were, your face was terrified Just now.


Well Also, 'cause I started imagining, you know, like kind of like spirit or something, haunted mansion where? Yeah, just some white gauzy. See-through beings coming down the stairs. Yeah, Definitely white. And then it's just some blonde dude in a big security jacket like you good? You okay? Are you good? Sobbing? Oh my god. Okay. That was a good one. Alright. The subject line of this email is The baboons will not be deterred. Hi. Period. One summer I joined my best friend and her family for a day trip to Six Flags. Great adventure in New Jersey. New Jersey is in and of itself an amusement park, but I don't need to tell you of course, no say no more. This six flags has a safari component, which in retrospect is a bad idea on pretty much every level.


They may have increased safety precautions and things since my visit, but this was the nineties during which the lingering effects of the fuck around and find out eighties were still deeply felt. God. God, I love a well-written email. That's good. My mom's friend Diane, was driving us through the safari. In her hatchback, we saw giraffes and rhinos and maybe some zebras. It was really delightful. Then the sky seemed to darken and a hush fell over the expanse. No, The expanse of the Hatchback. I looked up and saw a single baboon crusting the hill next to our car, a sentinel in a matter of seconds, A veritable troop of baboons, and then it in parentheses, it says the official word for a group of baboons, by the way, crested the hill.


I laughed nervously, but reasoned that they wouldn't and couldn't do much damage to us in our sturdy Chevy. What follows are a series of scenes that will stay with me forever. First, a bright red baboon ass sliding across the windshield. Oh. Next, a baboon tearing off the car's license plate and scurrying over the hill never to return. Oh my God. He's like, I got mine. It's For the clubhouse. Oh. Then a determined pair of baboons excising the passenger side mirror from its socket. Yeah. When the initial assault seemed calm, Diana asked me a child to go and retrieve the mirror the baboons had stolen. Oh, cool. Okay. Little child, get out.


Go fight that baboon. I can't just buy another one of those mirrors. We could see it lying broken in the dust a few feet from the bumper. Maybe she thought that my small size would make me nimble enough to dodge the baboons, or that I myself had a baboon vibe that the other baboons might appreciate. Surprisingly, I didn't question her request. I gingerly opened my car door, appearing to my right and left. I seized a baboon free moment and dashed back to the mirror. Suddenly, one of the determined ones skidded up into, Oh my God. You could have asked one of the employees at the safari to get the mirror and not a literal child. The value of children was less than a side mirror of a Chevy Hatchback.


Yes. In this era. Yeah. God, it's, this is such a perfectly written email. I just love it. Okay. Suddenly one of the more determined ones skidded into view, hovering protectively over the mirror. Yeah. We sized each other up and I took an experimental step forward. The ba baboon called my bluff and shuffled closer. At which point I thought, wait, what the fuck? And sped back into the car. Needless to say, Diane had to drive home without the benefit of her blind spot mirror, although all of the children in her charge survived. Yeah, and then it just says, yes, this really happened. Oh my God. Stay sexy and don't play chicken with baboons. Emily, Face to face with a baboon.


Honey, jump. Get into the troop there. You're The littlest one. You're the same size. Go Baboon it up. Don't think you're grab that mirror away from a baboon.


Hey, Karen, I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh, yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advance safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twists and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You Can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard Forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, this Is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, oh my God. Once detected it sounds, alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh my God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring is the season to fall in love with your bra And honestly, we should all be in relationships that support us as much as Honeylove. Say goodbye to the discomfort of underwire and the bulky construction that digs in. Honeylove Brass are designed with supportive bonding that eliminates the need for underwire while still giving you all the lift you want. Check Out their crossover bra. It's their best seller for a reason. It gives you all the support you need without an underwire and it's so comfortable you'll never wanna take it off. Honeylove recently launched their new cloud Embrace Bra, which sold out in days. It's a wireless bra for people who love underwire, and Honeylove isn't just about what you wear on top. Their shapewear tanks and leggings are just as comfy and supportive, and they actually stay in place. Treat yourself to the most comfortable and innovative bras on Earth and save 20% off sitewide. At Honeylove dot com slash mfm. Use our Exclusive link to get 20% off Honeylove dot com slash mfm. After You purchase, they'll ask you where you heard about them, so please support our show and tell them we sent you Experience the new standard in bras with Honeylove. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay, here we go. I'm not gonna tell you the title. It's about snails though. Hey, y'all. I didn't send this story in earlier because I figured you would be inundated with snail mail. Ha ha ha. After episode four 70, they wrote, ha ha ha, snail mail. Yeah. Turns out I was wrong, and perhaps my condition is more unique than I thought. So here goes. It was an icy cold night. This will be important. Later on in March, 2015 when my husband and I went out to dinner with another couple at a Shichi local restaurant in Norfolk, Virginia this night, I was feeling adventurous and ordered the escargo swimming in butter and garlic. It says not actually swimming. That would be snail tar. Tar and too hot cuisine, even for me, but I digress.


We all had the chance to enjoy the delicate little buggers, very tasty, and leave it to me to stop up every last bit of snail juice and garlic butter with the hot crusty table bread. Oh, Yeah. I like The bread Part, but yeah. Oh my God. Fast forward about 30 minutes later when we skedaddle home to pay the babysitter and put our kids to bed. My oldest daughter and I were both singing in a local production of Mulan Junior, And we needed to get a good night's rest before starting tech week. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. Well, my husband heard herded the kids into the bathroom upstairs to brush their teeth and go to sleep. I got ready for bed in the downstairs bathroom. I noticed fairly quickly that my throat was itching and my lungs were getting tight. I immediately assumed that I had caught a bug somehow and was likely catching a cold right before our busiest week, of course, but in no time flat, my throat had a begun to close up on me, and I could barely croak out for help.


I banged on the wall repeatedly to get my husband's attention. He came flying down the stairs, shushing me, Upset that I might excite the kids as they were trying to go to sleep. He was horrified to find me in the bathroom, bug-eyed, clutching my throat and gasping, Ugh. This beautiful, amazing, steady as a rock husband of mine grabbed me in a bottle of Benadryl and rushed us outside to the front porch in the freezing cold where he shoved three Benadryl down my throat and ordered me to sit on a rocking chair. He calmly explained that I had an anaphylactic reaction to something I ate, And that the cold air and medicine would soon allow me to breathe again. Sure enough, within the hour, I was relatively back to normal, albeit blue from the cold.


The next day I went to my doctor who ordered a series of tests to determine what the cause of my reaction might have been. I've suffered from a lot of allergies in my time, most of them environmental, but nothing like this, and nothing ever food related. Ultimately, my doctor surmised that I suffer from a snail allergy And that this attack was a warning. The next time I eat a snail, it might could kill me. She prescribed me an EpiPen, which all of my family and friends have now learned to use just in case. How do you accidentally eat a snail though in The future? Someone's putting snails in your sandwich. Shit. The weirdos even fight over. Who gets to stab me if someone accidentally slips, snails into my meal, And you can only imagine the looks that I get at restaurants when the wait staff asks if anyone at the table has any food allergies.


The kitchen needs to be aware of good news. Oh, she can't use the serum either. No. My God. Oh, yeah. Then her skin starts choking out here. Oh my God. Clogging. The good News is I was able to perform in the show with no lasting vocal trauma, and now my children have a legit reason never to try eating snails. It might be hereditary. After all. Love y'all lots. Keep doing what you're doing one day at a time. This world needs your voices. Stay sexy and leave the snails to the French. Kristin b she her. I'm so glad you're still here with us. Yes. Thank God. Also, what's your husband do for a living? That he was able to see his wife choking and absolutely solve that problem for her Immediately. Yeah. Just no.


Was he lying about being outside, helping and being cold, having it be cold helping? Oh, no. Does that work? I mean, I guess it did. It should. Maybe. Who is that guy? No, Impressive. Sorry. Sorry. But Kristen, but your husband upstaged you in this email. Okay, so I think you're gonna like this one. The subject line is safe harbor success story. Okay. It starts entire MFM crew. After hours of trying to come up with a jazzy introduction, with no luck, I can safely say, I will no longer be critiquing other fans who write in. I will say how thankful I am for the countless hours of laughter and companionship Karen and Georgia have provided. Oh, I love reading about us in the third person. I can remember the moment I heard your podcast for the first time.


Picture it, 2019, my garage in Nebraska gearing up to mow the lawn and needing a good listen. Oh my God. I love that so much. Yeah. What are you even doing right now? Yeah. MFMs logo stood out in the list of graphics. Kudos to the design team. Hey, the design team named Georgia Heart Stark. So I clicked play and off I started. It's ironic that while mowing, just last week, I listened to episode 4 76 sprinkles and googly eyes, and finally had my reason to write in. Karen told the story of Toby Young, the founder of Safe Harbor Prison Dogs. Oh, yeah. We adopted our dog Brewski from Safe Harbor back in 2014. Holy shit.


Brew's mom came into the program pregnant, so when she had her litter, we took home our beloved lab Greyhound Mix. Brewski came to us, vaccinated, microchipped, and trained by prisoners to sit and stay. His adoption packet even included pictures and a letter from one of the trainers. Aw, those trainers love those dogs. Totally. Totally. Probably more than anybody. Yeah. We thought it was such a great way to allow meaningful rehabilitation while also finding homes for dogs during the pandemic. I was fortunate to work from home and took daily walks with Bruski. It was my way to feel more normal during crazy times. Less because of the virus itself, but more because of society's batshit response to COVID and masking.


I mean, unfortunately, Bruski passed away in 2024 due to an inoperable tumor. He was the perfect dog and will always have a special place in our family's hearts. I miss our walks together and his presence in our home, but I still find his dog hair in places, and it makes me smile. Stay sexy and always adopt. Even if the founder orchestrated a prison, escapee Jared, and look at beautiful Bruce. That is a gorgeous dog. Look at that puppy. Did I get a baby? Good Boy. Lab Greyhound Mix. That's a good mix. That's a great mix. That's A loyal dog. Oh my God. You said it was about slugs. You lied. I did. That was my comparable comedy choice that I made.


Got it. Got It. Guys, write us your stories. Please Tell us where you got your Dog. Yeah, what a perfect, what's it called? Bucket? No, the like. They got the dog from a story that you did about a woman who did prison escapes. Yes. With the dog. It's perfect. Yes. We need those. This Is, if you can connect your pet to a story we tell on the main episode, totally. Let Us know. Let Us know. My favorite Gmail. Thank you guys for listening and stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Keck and Molly Smith.


Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Kuchi. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your Podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly Right's YouTube page. And while you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Not everyone who handles your personal information is gonna be as careful as you are, and it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a nude victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can help protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code murder or go to lifelock.com/murder for 40% off terms apply.


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill, try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh, yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn More about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.