
This is exactly right.


This episode is brought to you by United Airlines. When. you wanna make the most of your vacation book With United. They're an airline that cares about your travels as much as you do. United is transforming the flying experience with Bluetooth connectivity, Screens power at every seat and bigger overhead bins to help fit everyone's bag and with their app, you can skip the bag, Check line, get live updates and more Change the way you fly. Book your next trip today@united.com.


Is it time to reimagine your future? The right business skills may make a difference in your career. At Capella University, we offer a relevant education that's designed to focus on what you need to know in the business world. We'll teach professional skills to help you pursue your goals, like business management, strategic planning, and effective communication. And you can apply these skills right away. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hello. Hello. Hello And, Welcome To, My favorite murder, The mini sode. We read you your stories. You love it so much, You love it and we appreciate it. Oh, what that seemed, that seemed insincere. I meant it. La Appreciate it. I truly, if I had truly, truly for real, Do You wanna go first? I have a great one to go first with because this might end up a classic hometown. It's about picking up a hitchhiker. I'm not gonna read you the subject line. Okay. You asked for hitchhiking stories and boy do I have one. Here we go.


And the like, how have you not written this one in before? It's like, fuck. It's like makes you wonder how many people haven't written in their insane hometowns. I mean, You know, there's a million incredible stories out there just waiting to be sent to My favorite murder at gmail.com. We appreciate it. I commuted from Forks, Washington to Port Angeles, Washington to attend community college classes for years. My naive 16-year-old self did not have any sense of self preservation. You usually don't at that age, one cold and wet Pacific Northwest winter day, I saw a man roughly my age walking at the junction that branches off towards the road that leads to Nia Bay. MEAH.


Go. Nia, sounds good. I mean, I thought to myself, oh, poor guy. It's so miserable out there. I'll see where he's going and if he wants a ride. No, dude, he Wasn't even fucking hitchhiking. He was just walking. Why do I do this? I don't know. I was very young, reckless and apparently foolish. The man did indeed say he'd appreciate a ride to Port Angeles as he had missed the bus. I introduced myself and so did he. Who said his name was Israel? We talked, I am very chatty. I found out we had a lot of mutual acquaintances and he worked with my then boyfriend, now husband's friend. We arrived in Port Angeles. I dropped him off and as he is leaving, he says to me, you really shouldn't pick up hitchhiker.


If I wanted to, I could have hurt you, but since I know you, I wanted to warn you, you should never do this again. I laughed. His eyes turned black and a cold chill went down me. I linked eyes with him and said, okay, I won't. Years later when the news broke about Israel keys, ugh, my husband said, Hey, you know that guy that worked with my friend in Nia Bay that you said you picked up hitchhiking years ago? Ugh. He was arrested for murder, so it was corroborated. It wasn't like I saw him on TV and I was like, that's definitely that guy, right? She, it was fucking definitely him. It was him. Oh my God, She says, my stomach dropped.


I heeded the advice and never picked up another hitchhiker in my life. It, it wasn't hitchhiking, it terrifies me to know how close I could have been to a very bad situation. Yeah, You weren't close. You were in a very bad, bad situation. He chose not to do anything in it. Totally By the grace of fucking dog. Thank you for educating us naive people to the dangers of the world so we can S-S-D-G-M, your podcast has seen me through some rough times and I appreciate your candor and comedy. Keep fighting the good fight LI mean L Epic. Sorry, we're being mean to you, but God damn, that's scary. I Mean, you're 16, you just make the worst decisions and you just by the fucking some dumb luck, you survive.


It Also, you just going, he wasn't even joking. It's like, it's like you are going out of your way right To not S-S-D-G-M And also that guy, like if you haven't listened to the podcast true crime bullshit and you are interested in Israel keys and kind of the story, that guy has been doing that podcast for a while and it is the deepest dive of all time. Yeah. Fascinating. Okay, here's mine. It says, made up parent story. Hey, Karen and Georgia and everyone on the MFM team. You recently asked for stories about Steph, our parents told us or did to us as kids. Mm. I think I have a banger story for you.


I was 10 or 11 and it was the late nineties in Australia. My family went for our annual trip before Christmas from Sydney to the sunny Gold coast in Queensland, Australia, and stayed at an upmarket golf resort. My brother and I are born on the same day, three years apart. That sucks. Wow. No one wants to share their fucking, That's an insane coincidence. Insane coincidence. It's worse than a Christmas birthday. Like what the fuck? Yeah. Yeah, that really sucks. You're just always sharing. I don't know if there's a phrase to refer to this kind of scenario and then in question mark and then it says, not quite twins. Anyway, he was either 13 or 14 at the time. At this stage in our lives, we fought a lot and then it says, we're very close now.


One morning dad was playing a round of golf and mom was left with us in the room whilst getting ready for the day she was putting on her makeup and my brother and I were wrestling in the empty bathtub and yelling at each other. Eventually mom had had enough, so left us in the room to go and get coffee and go for a morning walk, 10 minutes pass and a phone call comes to the room, phone leaving my brother and I to fight over who answered the phone first I was the unlucky and unwitting victim who picked up the receiver and heard, hello. We've had a complaint about excessive noise coming from your room. I think this was one of the first times in my life where I felt my heart fall out of my ars.


I apologized quickly. My brother was asking questions and flustered. I hung up the phone. We both began freaking out thinking our holiday was ruined and that dad and mom would be so pissed at us for the noise complaint. Finally, dad showed up after golf and it was upset with us because he said, I've never been kicked out of a hotel before. You two are diabolical. I was in tears. My brother was very subdued and there was general unease in the room. Cut to mom coming back from her walkin shopping. Of course, a few hours later, brother and I beside ourselves and mom walks in and says, did you enjoy the noise complaint? Oh, the original trolls. How dare they?


Long story short, mom came, mom caught up with dad on her walk and they came up with a plan to make us shut the fuck up for five minutes. It was a great success and I will never forget the terror that rose in my body that day. A bonus story is that dad used to make up facts and tell them to me, don't that he, we do that all the time on this show. That's, oh wait, yeah, that's true. He once convinced me that chip, A lot of sausages, which are I guess what they call the mini sausages over there, were made out of chips. I told everyone in school and they were so confused. Anyway, I write this after a very long day of giving chemotherapy to patients battling cancer.


Love Edwina, the nurse from Sydney. Wow. Edwina, you have the best name. Yeah, you do. You have the best name. That was a great story. Good one. Thanks for doing that hard work.


This podcast is brought to you in part by honey, love this holiday season. You wanna be cozy, right? So why deal with bras and shapewear that pinch poke or just make you miserable with honey love? You don't have to. Their bestselling crossover bra is made with super stretchy bonded fabric that replaces the need for an underwire and for a more relaxed fit try. Honey Love's v-neck bra. Thanks to the molded cups. It's a comfy lounge bra that won't give you unibo. Honey, love has cracked the the code on comfy brass and their shapewear tanks and leggings are just as good. Gives the gift of comfort this holiday season whether you're attending a wedding, hosting a big Thanksgiving dinner, or simply seeking that everyday boost of confidence. Honey, love is the perfect plus one. You know we got sent Honey Love and I have to say, these brass especially are so comfortable. They're supportive and comfortable. So whether you're trying to change into more comfortable clothes at the end of a long day or you're just trying to be comfortable all day long, honey, love is the choice for you. Treat yourself to the best brass and shapewear on the market and save up to 50% off sitewide@honeylove.com slash mfm. This month only inventory is limited and the sale ends soon. So don't miss their best deals of the year. That's honey love.com/mfm. After you purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. So please support our show and tell 'em we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style. Thanks to Honey Love goodbye.


If you're traveling for the holidays, the last thing you wanna worry about is what's happening back home. And thanks to SimpliSafe, you can focus on making memories, knowing your home is secure. With Active Guard SimpliSafe 24 7 monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. Their cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. These agents can talk directly to the intruder, sound allowed, siren, flashlights, and even alert the police while other systems only react after a break-in SimpliSafe combines live monitoring and proactive protection both inside and outside of your home. You know, it's easy to tell yourself a story of something that might be happening back home when you're out and you're out for the day. Like you know you have to be out for hours and suddenly you start worrying, did I leave the back door open or was the oven on? And this idea that you have this monitoring system with people standing on guard that you can just check into as you go about your day simply just for the peace of mind is what makes SimpliSafe so great. And also, it's so affordable, it's easy to set up, it's completely user-friendly. And now SimpliSafe is offering our listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale. This week only. You can get 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is their best offer of the year. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash fave. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash fav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye.


Here's Grandpa's Hell's Angels mishap. Oh, Hello And Welcome To. A memory that was so deep in my brain, I forgot it was there. I'm currently listening to episode four 50 and Karen was discussing how the Hell's Angels were hired to be security at the Altamont Free concert. Being a native southern Californian, I'm familiar with the Hell's Angels. I truly don't know why being born in 1997, but I remember hearing about them as a kid and knowing they were bad news. Yeah, it was like a total like urban legend, but true. Yeah. I mean they were state famous. Yeah. Fast forward, my dad was sharing stories about his late dad. My grandpa Jean, my grandpa lived in East County, San Diego where a lot of biker gangs are based and hang out.


My grandpa had his license and drove for almost his entire life in his early seventies. He was driving home in his old ass minivan and accidentally cuts off a motorcyclist. I put accidentally in quotes because if he drives anything like my dad, then he's a maniac. And then it says, I can say that 'cause I also drive like my dad. And then there's like a smiley face emoji that's melting from the bottom. I like that one. Yeah. So. he accidentally cuts him off on the freeway and as they're getting off the freeway, the motorcycle speeds ahead of him and shakes his head at him. They get to the same off ramp and are stopped by a red light. The motorcyclist is now in front of my grandpa. The motorcyclist then proceeds to get off his bike and start walking towards my grandpa's car.


My grandpa is now shitting his pants. What does he do? All caps floors it. The motorcyclist jumps out of the way and my grandpa runs over the motorcycle. Holy. No. He Just like turned into the bad guy. Oh my God. He then speeds home as fast as he can, runs inside to my grandma Irene and my dad and says, I almost just got murdered by a Hell's Angel. He goes outside to the backyard to the shed, grabs spray paint and begins to spray paint his van a different color. My dad and his mom are now inside the house laughing hysterically. Apparently my grandpa was known to overreact and this was just another example of it.


My dad then went outside to the newly gold painted minivan that was Hunter Green before and proceeded to tell my grandpa that he's overreacting and dad, he was probably just gonna come back and tell you to be more careful. Also, I don't even think that any Hell's Angels were in San Diego back then and my grandpa just automatically associated any biker with the group. Yeah, My grandpa passed away about 15 years ago, but he was exactly like my dad, who is goofy. A hard worker, cares about his loved ones and just all around is pretty cool. Stay sexy and maybe brush up on your motorcycle. Gang patch knowledge. Autumn. Autumn. Who paid for that motorcycle? Was that a hit and run Mayhem?


Grandpa was like, I was scared. Like you were the thing to be scared of. He was scared of you. Yeah, He was. Drove at him first. You cut him off, then you drove at him, then you ran over his fucking motorcycle. You are the problem here, dude. You are. That is totally insane. Alright, subject line of this is Hotdog Hometown. Cool. And then in parentheses it says two minute 15 second read. Yes, I timed it. Hello. MFM fam. I'm a longtime listener, multiple email author, and hopefully a first time mini. So feature my hometown is Rochester New York. You know her. She's featured in episode 19 mini, so 2 0 2 and episode 3 86.


Oh wow. You did your research. In addition to being the home of George Eastman and the alphabet killer, Rochester is the birthplace of the Garbage Plate. The Garbage Plate was originated by Alexander Tahu, I think T-A-H-O-U, Tahu ta, A Greek immigrant who founded the restaurant Nick Tahoe's Hots in 1918. In its original form, the dish consisted of hots, either standard hot dogs or Rochester style White hots served with potatoes, cold beans, and Italian bread with butter. The dish evolved over time to become a modifiable dish of three elements. One hot dogs or hamburgers, two macaroni salad or potato salad, and three french fries or fried potatoes.


All three elements are piled together on one plate. If you wanna take the express track to a heart attack, you can top it off with chili like hot meat sauce. It is the greatest hangover food ever invented and everyone should try it. Oh my God. This is purely just information about, you have to know this about R I've never heard of it, so I fucking appreciate it. Like I feel like we're getting an education, a hotdog education. Please Tell us. Do you wanna tell us about your hotdog? Yeah. From your hometown. Send us One of them. We are hotdog. There's just a little bit more. It says, thank you for the community you created for the money you donated, for the voices you amplified. But the most important thing you both do is tell stories with the victims in mind.


Now that true crime has become mainstream and famous killers get multiple shows or are mentioned as a dream dinner guest by out of touch celebrities, it is incredibly important that the victims are remembered of all of the true crime podcasts and shows out there. Only few focus on the innocent victims, which you two have consistently done. Thanks for all the laughs inside jokes and my favorite face mask, SS DGM. Christina, she, her. Oh my God. I did not think a email about hotdog was gonna tear me up a little bit. Did it get you? It Got me. Thank you. That was Very you for saying that. That was very, very sweet. And Christina, we appreciate your appreciation. We do.


I'm like a little choked up. It Means a lot That estrogen is working. Let's get those tear ducts going. Yeah, That estrogen patch baby


Hosting for the holidays is stressful. Not only do you need to cook a gigantic dinosaur bird, but you have to own a table in multiple chairs. At least two, two minimum. Luckily, article has everything you'll need to host in style. This holiday season article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. No more endless scrolling, just beautiful options that suit your taste. Check out their mue dining table. This table is described as boldly sculptural, but not overbearing, just like me. And article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get to choose your delivery time and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. When it comes to quality articles, designers hit the sweet spot between style, durability, and price. They're all about thoughtful craftsmanship that not only looks great, but stands the test of time. And interestingly enough, I have the Mully dining table. That example is the perfect example for me because that's what I eat off of every night and I love its bold, sculptural, not overbearing, energy around my food. Those are the kinds of pieces that you can find at article. There's stuff that looks really expensive and it's really affordable. And article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied to checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye.


Okay, here is Chloe. I need your finger. This is my last one. Hey ladies, I know we're writing in about anything now. So I have a funny cautionary tale from Mardi Gras that I hope at least Alejandra or whoever else is reading these enjoys. My friends and I have a tradition that we meet in St. Louis every year for Mardi Gras. Hmm. Yes, I know Ladies St. Louis, not New Orleans, but a little info. St. Louis hosts the country's second largest Mardi Gras celebration. I did not know that. Who the Fuck knew that? That's cool. It also tends to be much safer and more family friendly. I digress. One year we were enjoying our day drinking. When my friend Taylor and I became separated from the larger group, we decided to sit our butts on the parade route and wait for our friends to return.


As we were waiting, a young woman literally falls on us. She's slurring, her eyes are unavailable, and she's definitely more than a little unsteady being friendly and also worried about her state. We began questioning her. We found out her name is Chloe. She's under 21 and she's lost. Clearly we try to get her phone open to contact her adult, or at the very least, her sober person. When our friends find us, this leads to at least 15 minutes of us repeatedly asking Chloe for her finger to open her iPhone and contact her people. Try getting a drunk person's fucking finger for Real. And for a second I thought you were gonna say her finger to make her throw up so she would not be so drunk.


I, in my also drunken state realize Chloe is much farther gone than us and might in fact have alcohol poisoning. Mm. Picture me drunk. Flagging down one group of the ever present cops who also walk the parade route. We explain this is Chloe, she is lost. But more importantly, she needs medical services. Rather than get us these without question, we get lectured by the cops on letting our friend get so drunk despite having explained that we don't know her. Then they tell us to just leave her. What ladies, when I tell you the group of us adult professional women looked at these all male officers like they were the drunk ones. I'm not kidding. My friend Kelly, not her real name, is a prosecuting attorney for the state of Missouri.


And she explained in no uncertain terms, we would not be leaving this girl alone until one, a female officer showed up, or two her friends arrived to claim her. She fell on us rather than any of the thousands of other revelers. So we were responsible despite simultaneously being yelled at by the officers to leave her and that we were bad friends for letting her drink so much. We held our ground until both a female EMT and her friend showed up to claim her. I am grateful for Chloe falling on us because that could have gone so much worse for her. To this day, we still yell, Chloe, I need your finger when opening someone else's iPhone. Make smart choices, guys.


Stay sexy and fall in a group of girls who will have your back regardless of the situation. Cho, she her. Oh, I mean, we're All Chloe. We've all been Chloe, We've all been Chloe, we've All been Chloe and we've all been Cho. Thank God for Cho and thank God women are doing this for each other. Yeah. Like more and more now. Kind of connected in that way. Yeah. 'cause Jesus Christ looking out for each other. I feel like you like don't have to mind your own business anymore because we're looking out for each other because guess who's gonna do it? Fucking nobody else. Nobody else. It's up to you Also. But it's, it's kind of funny, like they're trying to get drunk and party themselves and then suddenly it's like, here's you in four hours, Chloe.


Yeah. Right. Deal with it. Chloe's like, help me God damn. Okay. It says my illegal very first job. Lighthearted question mark. Hey, all you cool cats and kittens. And then in parentheses it says, are we still doing that? My answer, no. I recently listened to mini, so 4 0 1 where you read a hometown of a 10-year-old who got to be a bartender for a day. I'm normally not a one-up. And then in parentheses, yes I am, but I knew I had to write in. Let's go girls. And then in parentheses it says, said like the incomparable Miss Shania twin. Oh, I heard it. I mean, how can you not? It's, yeah. So it says, picture this.


It's the early nineties. You walk into your local small town Wisconsin dive bar on a Saturday morning it wreaks of stale beer, neon signs line the wall, and Saturday morning cartoons play on the tv. Why? Because I'm your bartender every Saturday morning and I am five years old. Let me explain. My parents never had a ton of money growing up, so they often had weekend jobs on top of their regular nine to fives. My mom, Bonnie picked up shifts at our local hospital working the counter that sold candy and other small items in the lobby. So on Saturdays, while she did that, she couldn't watch my sister and I and that left my dad, my dad's name is Mark, but for as long as I can remember, everyone called him sugar.


He was born diabetic and he couldn't have sugar. So it seems like maybe his friends were just assholes. Who knows? I love that nickname for a man. I Do too. Any who? My dad would pick up night and weekend shifts as a bartender around town. And on Saturday mornings, my 9-year-old sister and I would pack into his blue Chevy station wagon and head to our Saturday morning shift at a bar called Shim Shacks, AKA Shimmies. When I say our shift, I mean it. My sister and I would take orders, pour beers, and handle money while my dad smiled on in pride. And then parentheses, it says he worked too. Imagine an irritated five-year-old walking up to you from behind the bar and using a board tone as they ask, what are you having?


Oh my God. Like dream job for 5-year-old Georgia. Like that sounds fucking incredible. So fun. So Fun. I mean, how would you, I guess you'd have to be up on a higher Yeah, They'd Have to build you a little ramp. Yeah. Behind The bar I'm picturing cheers. But the casts are all five year olds. Like how great would that be? You know? Yes. Coach kind of was like a 5-year-old, Right? It it says, we got to know the regulars, asked them about their week and formed somewhat of a community there. Looking back, I now know this was super illegal, right? I also realize now that the reason we had so many customers on a Saturday morning is because people were coming just to see if the rumors were true.


A nine and 5-year-old were tending bar And they were alcoholics. But okay. I mean all of it combined, despite how this might sound, I have nothing but fond memories of opening the bar with my sister and dad, knowing what the usual was for the regulars. Learning how to pour the perfect draft beer and fighting with my sister over what TV shows we would have on the old dingy TV above the bar. I usually won. And we would watch dinosaurs. Aw, I remember that. My dad passed away in April after a very long and complicated health battle. During his services, I looked around the packed room of guests and there sitting in the corner was the Shimmy's crew, the ones who got to know us, helped teach us life lessons and came to visit us every Saturday morning.


Shit. Oh my God. I hadn't seen many of them in over 30 years, but I recognize them immediately. Most of them, well now into their sixties and seventies, which sheepishly walk up to me and start with you probably don't remember me. Oh. But I absolutely did. It would only take a minute before we would be reminiscing about the good old days at the bar and telling ridiculous stories about sugar in his heyday. Love you both. Proud of you both. Stay sexy and toast. One up for sugar tonight. Sugar Megan. Oh my God. God. You Megan. That is beautiful.


They Came, They probably like were a bunch of lonely, I'm sorry, I called them alcoholics. They're probably like lonely people who's like kids had grown up and so Saturday mornings they could just have a fun little, yeah. Hangout and a drink, but also like, that's Horrible. Well, and also I think in Wisconsin, bar culture is pretty like Yeah. Neighborhood bars, right? Definitely. It's All they're into it, so it's kind of like, yeah, they're repping their team. Those are their people. That's beautiful. What a sweet story. Thank you Megan. Oh God. Thank you so much. Great one to end on. Yeah. So, so good. If you wanna send us a story and see if you can make Karen cry. I mean, it's not that hard. It's not.


See if you make George cry, You fucking cry. Then. Like, you know, Gmail, what is it? My favorite murder at Gmail. Say it sexy and don't Get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sci. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder. And on Twitter at My favorite murder.


Goodbye.