
This is exactly right now streaming. What do you know about the Happy Face Killer? He's my father. He's so good to see you, Missy. Experience the thrilling new series. He said he killed another woman inspired by a true life story. If I don't deal with him, he will never leave us alone. You don't see how they we're the same do you? Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid Star. I Am not responsible for what my dad did. This going how you hoped. Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, it's me, Paige DeSorbo, and I'm so excited to share my new shoe collection at DSW filled with my favorite styles and trends for spring because if you know me, you know I'm kind of obsessed with shoes and by kind of obsessed, I mean head over heels. You're going to love these shoes. So snag, super cute styles, like cute flats, fun heels, and cool sneakers. From the page to Sobo Collection right now at your DSW store or csw.com.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite Murder, The Mini. So you ready for some stories from your mouths and pens and fingertips? Fingertips? You go first. It always has to be a Third thing. Okay. This I love when we just start out with a regular old hometown and this one, well, it's pretty bad. Oh geez. I won't read you the subject line. It says, hi guys. My name is Eva and I'm a fan from Belgium. Hi. Hi. Did we didn't go to Belgium, did we? No, but I've been there. I have too. That's where the little statue of the boy peeing. Oh Yeah. The world famous, right? Yeah.


And the sprouts. Of course. I started listening a couple of months ago starting from the first episode. So when I listen to you guys, I feel like I'm in a time capsule from the past. I'm now listening to episode 91. Here's my hometown murder. Seven years ago I moved to her Andout. There's no way that's right, but I just went for it. The village where my boyfriend lived his whole life. I love to watch True crime and in Belgium, there's a TV series with Belgian murders. One of the episodes tells the story of a murder one kilometer or oh 0.6 miles. Thank you. From our house where we live now a few years ago. Okay, so this is basically the closest, like it's such a close Yeah.


A true hometown for this person. A few years ago, there was a couple that moved here from the seaside to a village nearby and a few months later to her out. Her out. That sounds right. Our village. It feels right. Yeah. I'm kind of giving a little spice at the end. But the woman had two children, but the man hit them and they were put under guardianship of their grandmother at the seaside. The woman chose to stay with the abusive boyfriend. Always heartbreaking. The daughter called her mom every Sunday. A few weeks after moving to the grandmother's house, the daughter couldn't reach her mom and started contacting people on Facebook. Nobody had seen the mother for weeks. In the meantime, the boyfriend apparently had a new girlfriend and told other people that the mother had run away.


The strange thing was that she left her dog and her purse in the house. Mm. A few weeks had gone by and some guy from the water supply company came by and had to check the meters in the basement. The man told him that he lost the key. There was also a weird smell in the house and the basement door was taped off. He told the guy that he lost the key and the refrigerator in the basement was broken and the smell was coming from rotting food. The water guy left without checking the meters. Imagine checking the meters and discovering the horror that was really going on. Meanwhile, the man was living with his new girlfriend. One week later, the police arrived because the mother didn't show up to the appointments at her new job.


They thought the story of the guy was really weird. They had a weird feeling about it. They searched the house and found her murdered body at the bottom of the basement stairs. Apparently they got into a fight. He strangled her and threw her down the stairs and did not try to cover things up. He just closed the door, taped it off because of the smell, and then continued his life with the new girlfriend inside the house. Holy shit. He's now in jail for murder. A couple of other people have lived in the house since because it was very cheap rent. Of course, a year ago it sold and the new owners are doing a major renovation on it. This was my hometown. Thank you guys for the extremely funny episodes and big love from Belgium, Eva.


Wow. Jesus. It's like a typical terrible story Yeah. Of a woman being murdered that We've heard too many times. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I have a hometown as well. A traditional hometown. Okay. It's called Pretending to Be Rich, to scope out a crime scene. Hello, ladies. Day one listener. Remember the Facebook group You had to shut down. I was in it. Love you both miss the Facebook group a little. A little In the very beginning. It was golden. It was so fun. Yeah. When I was doing my student teaching back in 2011, in my hometown of Andover, Massachusetts, recess ended early when we got word that two bodies had been found in a nearby home murdered.


The story goes that local grandparents, John and Geraldine Mag were brutally shot to death and were discovered by their age four and eight sweet baby angel grandchildren who would eagerly run into the home to see their grandparents while their mother went Christmas shopping. Both John and Geraldine were shot in the neck and the bullets went through the floor to the basement. It's presumed they were lying face down on the floor in execution style. Hmm. Although I can't confirm these details, so much of this case is local rumor. The couple's Lexus SUV was found that same day 25 miles away and Boston's North end completely burned. This area of Boston is often tied to mob activity, but many speculate that leaving the burnt car there was actually a way to throw off the police by making them suspect the mob and therefore botch the investigation as it seemed unlikely the mob would bring that evidence back to such an obvious area.


John Mag owned a local construction company, but after years of investigating, nobody can find a reason why this couple was targeted. Apparently they were the most well loved and kind couple in town. This murder is somehow still unsolved and remains the talk of the town. Each year when the anniversary rolls around, hopefully there'll be an update soon, but at this point it seems unlikely. Such a bummer. The home where the murder took place recently went up for sale. It's near my parents' house and the open house happened to be going on while I was visiting my parents. The only problem is that the house is for sale for 1.8 million. I'm in my thirties on a teacher salary, so that's not happening. And then it says it has an indoor pool. My fellow Marino sister and mother and I devised a plan to be able to see the crime scene because we are nosy as fuck.


And then it says maybe we could solve it. I would pretend to have a $2 million budget and be house hunting for my family. I figured no one would check up on me because it would be so busy wrong. We were the only people, including my 4-year-old daughter who thought we were getting it into a pool who were at the open house. Mm. Boy did we have to keep our story straight about school districts and bedrooms and square feet and bathrooms, et cetera that I was looking for. The real estate agent continues to contact me months later with listings in Andover in my 2 million price range that she thinks would be perfect for me. I feel terrible and I don dunno how to get out of the situation, so I'll probably tell her we went bankrupt or something.


Yes. I gave her my real name and information. Maybe the only way out is to get Rich S-S-D-G-M and then it says, I think I have to remain anonymous. Question Mark. First of all, go to that real estate agent and explain yourself in full and in truth, they absolutely will be like, oh, that makes sense. Oh, of course. And Maybe they'll be your new best friend. Like y'all both have a laugh over it and then you can Who Cares? Become Besties. Yeah. This is my new Seinfeld approach where it's like be a little bit more fine with just being that way because it's very human where it's like, of course we wanted to come here and see what this house looked like. Sure. Yeah. Don't, don't let her remain hopeful that she's gonna get a sale, a $2 million sale in that area.


I mean, that's a huge number. It's gonna follow you around forever. Yeah.


There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh. But the best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard, outdoor protection simply saves monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The Cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah. I turned mine on. Even when I go to walk Cookie, like mine is always on. Right. Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't. I don't think that's something we can ask for, but I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye, Goodbye.


You know, I love the idea of cooking. Wait, is there a second part to That? No, I just think cooking as an idea is really nice. Oh, Well, hungry Root can turn your idea, Karen, into reality. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped up into one. They take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored to you. Shopping, planning and cooking Food really can be simple and stress free. Just tell them about your goals and preferences and they'll fill your cart with personalized recommendations that get smarter as they learn more about what you liked or didn't. Love All of Hungry Roots recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less. Being able to make something in 15 minutes or less is quite a claim. My thing about cooking is it takes so much work, it takes so much prep and I'm not that good at it anyway, so it never feels worth it when you get to the end. But Hungry Root makes it feel like it was all worth It. It does, and you're gonna love Hungry Root. Take Advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for Life. Go to hungry root.com/mfm and Use code mfm. That's Hungry root.com/mfm code MFM to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry route.com/mfm code mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Here's another real one. The subject line of this email is Bear Brook and call to support park rangers. Hmm. And then it says A ho hoy, and then in parentheses bringing that back, which I absolutely love. I remember the first time you said it and it made me laugh so hard. I don. Yep. It's one of my favorites. In the summer of 2018, I was about to graduate college and start working toward my goal of becoming a National Park ranger. I was preparing for an interview with the New Hampshire Conservation Corps when I started typing the name of the state park where I'd be stationed Bear Brook into Google. To my delighted horror, it auto completed with murders. No, as I know you're aware, four unidentified bodies.


One woman and three children had been found in two barrels in the park a couple decades earlier. While the murderer had been identified and died in jail, the victims remained unnamed. For most people, four grizzly murders would be a deal breaker, but for a ranger Reno like me, it was truly the best of both worlds. I landed the position and moved to the park in January of 2019 in the core, or as we called it, our nature cult. 30 members lived together in the woods and did environmental work, including education and trail repairs. We slept in small wooden and cabins in the middle of the woods with no electricity and only wood stoves for heat. Wow. A main lodge housed our industrial kitchen workspaces a TV and shared bathrooms, but no wifi cable or cell service.


Wow. It's like working in a space station or something. Yeah, like working on Mars. It's bananas. Do you Hate everybody? Right. Go work in the National Park Service. This probably sounds like a nightmare for the Don't go into the forest Crowd. Not if there's 30 people around, like, I think I'm okay with that. Yeah, that actually sounds really fun. Yeah. Get some board games going, let Uno, but for a teamwork and nature loving fool like me, it was a dream come true. One night we were returning to the park from an outing and spotted news crews along the side of the road, a quick search before reentering the woods revealed the incredible news through the tireless work of a citizen sleuth and a genetic genealogist. Three of the four bodies in the barrels had finally been identified.


Mm. They were Marley's Honey Church and her children, Sarah McWaters and Marie Vaughn. To this day, the fourth victim remains nameless. I feel grateful to have born witness to the selflessness and dedication that gave Marley, Sarah and Marie's names back. I survived the Corps and have been a national park ranger since 2022. I have more insane stories than I can count about life as a park ranger, but in light of current events, I'd like to use this space to advocate for rangers and all federal employees as we face illegal firings and further understaffing. It's an extremely stressful time to work in this field. If you plan on visiting a national park anytime soon, please be kind.


Give Grace and thank a ranger. We're doing the best we can. Stay Sexy ranger Sarah. Wow. Oh my God, that was amazing. I mean, to work in Bear Brook to be there when they finally Yeah. Like are able to crack that case in a meaningful way and then Yeah, it's, I've been watching on TikTok. Yeah. The all the park rangers and all this kind of like, oh, they're just gonna cut all that. Yeah. The funding so that we can have the people, the experts running those parks and like, you know, taking care of those parks. Yeah. Ridiculous. It's crazy. All right, well here's a, an uplifting one. Our hero dog.


My last one's a hero dog one too. No way. Yep. Yep. This isn't my last one. I have another one. Oh, okay. Okay. But yeah, two hero dogs and one is good. It starts. Hey y'all, long time listener. First time rider. Let's get to the good stuff. Before I was born, my family had a beautiful black, great dane named Shauna. She was not only a genius, but also a tough old broad that survived a car accident in my mother's convertible VW Rabbit, which sent her soaring head first into the windshield. Can I just point out really quickly that they have seat belts for dogs now? Like that you can get at the pet store? Nice. Please do. Although Great Dane being in a car accident. Yeah. It's like, that's like a very large football player being in your car. That's the entire windshield right there.


I'm sure all dogs go to heaven, but Shauna likely received sainthood when she got there for what she did for my family. When my brother Craig was two, a baby named Craig and a dog named Shauna. Like these people just knew how to name shit. They are Ready for their Fox animated series. Yesterday When he was two, he was toddling around the driveway with Shauna while my dad worked on something or other in the garage. Things were peaceful until Shauna started barking with her full chest. A habit that drove my dad a little crazy. Shauna is the girl with like black eyeliner in the water line and like smoking when she's 13. Absolutely. It's such a specific name, vibe to me that then you're like, that's a great Dane.


Also, Her hair's cramped. Absolutely Sparkles. And by the way, I am bugging. I'm a great Dane NBD. He yelled at her to quit it. She did and he went back to whatever task was engaging his attention, but she quickly started up again and her bark was deep and booming and impossible to ignore. So my dad finally looked up to see what she was barking at. He turns his eyes to her just in time to see Shauna her take her massive head and whack my brother, 2-year-old brother straight in the chest with the side of her face sending him flying backwards and driving him to wailing tears. My dad marches over and then it says, open palm at the ready to discipline her the way a Texan would in 1989.


Yeah. Acknowledging it. Thank you. Yeah. Until he sees what Shauna is facing a nearly five foot long copperhead reared up to strike and only inches away from where my brother had been standing moments before. Oh my God. Shauna had just saved my brother's life and it says, or at the very least, save my family a trip to the er. Copperhead bites aren't usually fatal, but for a 2-year-old question mark. Yeah. It is not good for a 2-year-old. Can't be. My parents were grateful they didn't have to find out the hard way. My dad scooped Craig up, pulled Shauna away by the collar and secured them both inside before grabbing a shovel and going after the snake. He killed it.


Brought Shauna back outside so that she could see that he took care of the threat and then rewarded her with all the treats and belly rubs she could possibly want. I hope y'all found this piece of our family lore entertaining. I bet it would've been more fun to listen in my father's southern drawl, but here's hoping I can hear Karen or Georgia read this on the pod sometime in the future. Hey, It's happening. Your dreams are coming. True. I love you too, and I'm so grateful to have you in my ears three times a week. Stay sexy and pay close attention to your dog's warning barks, Cecilia. Oh, at least they got Cecilia, Shauna and Craig. And then they were like, let's, let's get Cecilia. That's a good one. Cecilia's a great name too. Yeah, It's beautiful.


But I love that. That's that kind of thing of like the dog is tracking that little kid so closely. Yes. Just like that's That's what, that's what it's all for. Babysitter dogs. I just fucking lose my mind over


love is in the air this season. Yeah. So don't stink it up with your body odor. Whether You're cuddling up for a cozy date night or meeting someone new, Lumi has you covered literally everywhere. Lumi was created by an OB GYN, who saw firsthand how body odor negatively impacts people's confidence and quality of life. It's Thoughtfully formulated without parabens or baking soda and it's pH balanced. And Lummi has clinically proven to block and control odor for up to 72 hours. Choose From a variety of fresh, bright scents like Clean Tangerine, lavender, Sage, or toasted coconut Lummi Starter Pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, two free products of your choice, like mini body wash and deodorant wipes, and free shipping as A special offer for listeners new customers. Get 15% off all Lumi products with our exclusive code And if you combine the 15% off with your already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off their starter pack, Use code Murder for 15% off your purchase@lumideodorant.com. That's Code murder at L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. Please Support our show and tell them that we sent you Smell fresher, stay dryer, and boost your confidence from head to toe with Lumi. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So How do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home and thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. Its beautiful and practical, which is a deadly Combination. You know we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean we couldn't rave more And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable and so user-friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look at that near dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay. Follow up Hero dog story. Yes. Always It says Good day. Got an Australian on our hands. Right about a year ago you asked for hero pet stories and today I am overwhelmed at work, so I thought now would be the perfect time to write in. That's how you do it. The heroes of this story are Jake and Ronnie two Australian Kelpies. I've never heard of that kind of dog before. Maybe they mean otters. Normally highly trained farm dogs due to their intelligence and stamina. We adopted ours from drought stricken farms and they're living their best suburban lives. Australian kelpies. I wonder if that's just our version of Australian Shepherds Shepherd. Yeah.


To set the scene, it's 2021 and we had just brought home our newborn baby after five weeks in the nicu. My husband being a typical Australian male, had vented his feelings about almost losing his wife and baby by almost single-handedly pulling down our old garage that needed to be replaced. He's gonna go work it out in the garage. Yeah, I don't wanna talk about it. Men will rebuild entire garages instead of going to therapy. While we waited for the new one, all of our garage stuff was piled next to our house under tarps. We had just put our baby to bed for the night and we were getting ready to go to sleep. Jake and Ronnie were outside doing their nightly patrol of the yard when they just started barking and would not stop frustrated and wondering what the hell was going on.


I looked outside and saw fire. I yelled to my husband who ran outside to the hose and I grabbed a bucket and started filling it with water. Luckily we managed to get it out by ourselves pretty quickly. The culprit, a lithium battery, had caught fire. We only lost our tent Christmas tree and some power tools. But it wasn't until the next morning that we realized how close we had come to losing it. All The fire stopped only a meter or two away from our lawnmower, which was full of petrol. Holy shit. That's gas to you and me. It still makes me feel sick to this day to think about if it wasn't for our dogs, we would've gone off to bed. No idea that a fire had started and god knows what would've happened.


Oh my God. Jake and Ronnie also recently saved the life of our neighbor's elderly Jack Russell. One morning they were outside this time for their morning patrol and again started barking. Our neighbor thought it was weird how long they had been barking and then in parentheses it says, I slept through all of this and it says, and came out to investigate, found his 11-year-old dog had fallen into their pool and couldn't get out. Oh no. And he was struggling to swim and had obviously been there for a long time. Oh My God. Being only about five 30 in the morning. It would've been about two hours before anyone would normally be up for the day and they may have lost him. Oh. So now anytime my dogs do something like piss on the Christmas tree, eat my dinner right off the table or bark when I'm putting the baby to sleep.


I Mean, it's a fucking tree. Like of course. What do they know? Yeah. Well why not get a Christmas fire hydrant? Yeah. If you're gonna be so tempting toward dog pee, they're Like, thank you for bringing this in the house for me, this Is so much more convenient. I try to remember the heroes they are and how different life would a, and how different life would be if we didn't have them. Stay sexy and always remove your lithium batteries before storing them. Cheers. A Wow. That's great advice. That makes my heart so happy. That little puppy with its tiny little Jack Russell L oh, Oh my God. Those were great. Those made my heart feel good. Okay, my last one. It's gonna sound like braggy.


It's like a thank you to us. Okay. However, I wanna call for more of them, not because of that. However, however, keep 'em coming. Right. Keep 'em coming. However, this person tells us what has been happening in the past nine years since they've listened to this podcast. Oh. Which is such an interest. Like I love having those, like can you believe what your life was like here and what it's like now? Yes. And I think a lot of listeners who've been listening for a long time have that and so this person tells us and it's really awesome. Great. And they also compliment a lot. Even Better. Yeah. It's called My Favorite Life. Hi Karen and Georgia. I'm listening to the Rewind episode 34 and I was reminded of what an impact your show has made on my life. I remember the first time I heard you speak on anxiety and how it helped me in a dark time when I needed to to be in therapy for depression and anxiety.


I've now been in therapy for almost nine years, consistently and on Lexapro for over a year since the start of your podcast. I have quit my job. I was unhappy in and had the courage to join a police department, which led me to my current role as a detective. Whoa. I never would have had the bravery or belief in myself to do this without your podcast. I first even learned of my love for this career. When you began your working relationship with Paul Holes. Oh, I met my core group of friends from My favorite murder, Chicago Facebook group, one of whom is getting married in October, and I am her maid of honor. Oh, it's crazy to listen back to rewind episodes and think where I was in my life and how far I've come.


I know this is just a true crime comedy podcast and you may never see this, but you've made my favorite life and I'm so grateful. Stay sexy and follow your dreams. See in Chicago, that's Gorgeous. I know. Also just, I love my favorite life because you know what? This is what we get and this is, you know, my life was very different before this podcast started and we got this nice upwards trajectory and I would've never thought that I would be able to say, this is my favorite life. That this is best case scenario. And it really, it really is. And you just don't know. You just don't know because You go day by day and you don't stink about the amount of time it's passed, but there, yeah.


The gifts this has given us is like, you can't even begin to fathom them. Yeah. Because that, we get emails like that from sea. I know. Where it's like you guys got together because you're, you love to talk and you're, you know, narcissist or whatever. And now my life is better where it's like, well then this turned out great for all of us. I think that the shout out to Paul Holes is great too. 'cause it kind of takes, you know, it takes it away from us a little so it feels a little bit less narcissistic. So appreciate That. Thanks for writing in and thank you guys for being here for nine years. We appreciate it. You guys are our Favorite. If you wanna tell us about your past nine years, we would love to hear about it. It's delightful. Yeah. And it gives us a good sense of, you know, time passing.


Yeah. What it's been like. What's your favorite life? Tell us. But at My favorite murder at Gmail, please. Yeah. And until you tell us, stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Keck and Molly Smith. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This Episode was mixed by Liana Kuchi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram at My favorite murder. Listen to My favorite murder on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your Podcasts.


And now you can watch us on exactly Right's YouTube page. And while you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye. This is Rob Parker from The Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity.


Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com.


Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places It's tax season. And by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flag for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it backed by another good number.


The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers. With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply. ID tech. The first and most trusted tech camp is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people the coding and creating people, the fire breathing shell spinning BattleBots people the just as happy building games as they are playing them. People. At 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country, ID tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, game design and more.


Visit id tech.com and Use code ID tech to save $150 on a week. That's guaranteed to be a highlight of summer.