
This Is exactly right.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. With the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for a liability getting a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


What you're hearing is hardy fiber cement siding, living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important the reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding, withand severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.


My name is Kyle Tequila, host of the Shocking new True Crime podcast, crook County. I got recruited into the mob when I was 17 Years old. People are dying. Is he doing this every night? Kenny was a Chicago firefighter who lived a secret double life as a mafia hitman. I had a wife and I had two children. Nobody knew anything. He Was a fricking crazy man. He was my father and I had no idea about any of this until now. Crook County is available now. Listen for free on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite Murder, The Mini Sode. That's right. Yes. Do you wanna go for, oh wait, it's me. It's me, it's You. Let me go watch this. The subject line of this email is Lies from my mom, hometown request Heli my ladies, H-E-L-L-Y. Heli my ladies. Okay. Intentional. Perhaps I love the request about lies. You found out that your parents had told to keep you from getting into trouble. And this lie was discovered because of MFM. I am an almost Christmas baby, born on the 22nd, and anytime there was an option for a birthday party when I was small, I always wanted to go to Showbiz Pizza.


Yeah. And then it says, this was Chuck E. Cheese. Before it was Chuck E. Cheese. And side note, do yourself a favor and watch the documentary about the Rock of Fire explosion. Do you know this? No. The Rock. That's it. The band? Yeah. The animatronic band that played in the restaurants. Yes. It's worth your time. I, so I've seen that a million years ago, but yes, it's totally worth your time. The documentary. Yeah. Anywho, because of having to compete with Jesus for attention around that time of year, I was typically granted my request to have a party there. I was also the first to shove any other birthday party invite into my mom's face when it was going to be held at showbiz. One day my mom told this story about, Hey, how they were investigating showbiz because a little girl was kidnapped there and the kidnappers took her to the bathroom, chopped off her hair, and put boy clothes on her, and they still hadn't found her.


Gasp. Of course, this scared me to death and I loved my long hair and I didn't wanna be kidnapped the horror, so we never went back again. Oh my God. Fast forward. I am a day one MFM listener, and then it's parentheses, it says, love you guys. Seriously. Oh. And one day this story creeps back into my brain. I start internet sleuthing about my hometown time of year showbiz. Did they find her? The list goes on. Nothing. I'm thinking that it was just solved quickly or something. And given the early nineties and lack of online inquiries wasn't a big deal. Come to find out. No. My mother Sweet Cynthia made the entire story up so we wouldn't ever have to go back to show B pizza.


Cynthia, are you fucking kidding? You induced childhood trauma. Are you kidding? Oh, I says, are you kidding me all? 'cause we all, we all can't. We're all, yes. What The fuck? Well, It's, you know what I mean? I think Cynthia was like, we need to slice this clean off. Yeah. I cannot go and listen to that animatronic band play one more time. Totally. Like feel for the mom. I get it. But there's like, it's Pretty extreme. Yeah. I casually asked her one day about the details and she said, Oh Yeah, that wasn't true. I just hated going to that loud German fested pit. Cynthia, Thank you, mom. Thank you.


Not only for the mental scarring of having my hair chopped off, but of also robbing me of shitty pizza and child casino games for penny prizes. S-S-D-G-M and always Question your mother, Taryn, Louisville, Kentucky. It's just so extreme. Yeah, it is. Because I remember he, that was like urban legend. Yeah. But it was one where I'm sure it was based in some Yeah. Distant thing. But my, I remember my Aunt Joe telling me that, whereas like they were in Kmart and she was, and it was always a friend. Right. Right. And then like they had to, all of a sudden they were locking the doors and everyone had to stay there, and then there was a missing child, and when they found the child, they were, it was in a stranger's arms cut, chopped off dyed hair To like look.


Yeah. To sneak out. Yeah. As the boy. Wow. So that must have been like a eighties, nineties. Yeah. Oh, that's just story Chilling. So scary. Okay, here's another scary one. Classic hometown hitchhiking murders plus some coincidences. Hello. Love you guys. I'm a doctor who did my residency training during the pandemic, and all I can say is, please get your vaccines. While I was in training, I told my team the story, and the room got very quiet and awkward, and I realized there was no Marino to be found. Ugh. But I thought you guys might appreciate it. That's such a sad feeling. Yeah. When you're just like, oh, wait, nobody, okay, I'll take this somewhere else. Like No one knows how to respond to this. Yeah. And I just made it awkward.


Yeah. So my mom's brother was a very popular, all around good guy who spent his summer in Europe in the seventies where hitchhiking was totally normal. When he got back to the States, he kept hitchhiking him and a friend, we'll call them Joe and Jim, where hitchhiking back to their car after an Oakland A's game. When the people in the car who were very high on drugs stabbed both of them multiple times and left them for dead. My uncle Joe didn't make it, but his friend did survive. Oh my God. Fucking crazy. The killers were caught days later when they were bragging about the murders at a party. My mom went to their court things and they went to prison for a very long time. Cut to a couple years ago, my mom was at church and she sees all Cap, her brother's killer signing books at a table.


He had gotten outta prison, written a book on recidivism, and was signing it at my mom's church. Ultimately, my mom wrote to him to say she forgives him and if he ever wants to chat, she's open to it. But he never responded. This murder really took a toll on my family, even though it happened before I was born. It gives me some insight into generational trauma and why my mom is generally pretty anxious, but also a badass bitch. Thank you for all you do to promote mental and physical health. Love you guys. X, OXO, Naomi, Just so like unexpected kind of out of, to be in church first of all. Yeah. And then And then see that person. Yeah. That you think is just like the Grace it took to not just fucking start screaming and hitting that person.


Right. Well, and then to write a letter Yeah. And say like, I forgive you is a huge deal. And then to have that just kind of ignored. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And That's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay after pay and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster With Squarespace's builtin SEO tools. With meta descriptions and autogenerated site maps, you'll rank higher and search results globally. Go To Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye.


Goodbye. I'm gonna take a little left turn, Please. I'm not gonna read you this subject line. It says, Hey, howdy. Hey. My first year out of college I was waiting tables. 'cause what better way to put that $250,000 degree to good use. Needless to say, all my income was in cold, hard cash. And in order to prevent myself from spending and I was too lazy to take it to the bank every few days, I would hide the money all over the place. But I needed one concise place to keep my rent money since I needed to be sure how much I had and if I needed to wear my rent money shorts to my next shift. Whoa. So she'd like put it in a pair of shorts.


Like, don't forget to take the rent money out of their shorts before you wear them. No, no, no, no. She had to put it in a place that was like safe. So it's like you are hiding money everywhere. You'll never spend this money. 'cause that's the rent money. Like never tap into that. Okay. And then if that's too low, she puts on her short shorts and go to, goes to work and gets better tips. Okay, now I get It. Rent money short. Now I get it. I mean, that's how I'm interpreting it. Yeah. Obviously I couldn't hide it in the sock drawer or envelopes in my desk. So where to put it, enter the tissue box. I got one of my square tissue boxes carefully, took out all the tissues out in their perfectly folded stack and placed my rubber banded stash at the bottom, replaced all the tissues, gave it a little fluff and no one would know the wiser.


Oh, No. Fast forward a few months and my apartment was broken into. My bedroom was completely ransacked. Dresser drawers tossed on the floor. Everything in my closet pulled off the racks. My mattresses pushed off the frame. I broke into a cold sweat, but there on my nightstand, not even moved in the slightest was my tissue box and in the bottom, every dollar of my rent. Oh shit. The, the only thing missing was a jar. I kept all my coins in maybe $20 worth. Wow. Stay sexy and don't touch my tissues. Jess. Oh, I thought she was gonna say she Someone threw the box away at the end of it, But like me and my dad. Yeah. With his butter box. Yeah. Still so mad about that. Wow. That's whew.


Smart, Smart and lucky. Yes. The problem is, I was doing, I started hiding cash during quarantine because it was that thing of like, yeah, What if? Right. Whatever. There was all those weird kind of like, the world is gonna change overnight. This is gonna run out and we're gonna need Yeah, I remember that. But of course I didn't like write down where like I was like, here's a really vague manila envelope. I'll put it in here. You have no idea. No idea. But I'll find it one day when I like clean that drawer out, but totally. It's still there. It's just, Or like, did I spend it in it like a weird, I'm not sure, but then it's like, and then I put it other places where I'm just like, is it over here? Like the worst person to be doing that trick? Oh Yeah.


I'd lose it. Oh, well, hey, here's a coincidence. This one's called The World is My Money Boost. Hmm. It just starts not a murder and not a sinkhole, but a glitch in the matrix that I've been benefiting from. And I wanna brag about it in your voices. I live in Chicago and I find money on the ground all the time. Yes. Not just quarters or useless pennies, but twenties, tens, and even a $50 bill. I'll be out walking on a run or commuting via my bike and I'll find money. Here's a list of fines in the past year. Yes. Yes. Yes. So for this email, yes. A crisp $5 bill at the busy six corner intersection in the Wicker Park neighborhood.


As I was rushing to cycle to my physical therapy appointment, I was five minutes late, but my therapist just laughed when I told her why on a run some beautiful Saturday morning, and I spotted a $20 bill that was missing a large piece. After having gone through a lawnmower, I paused on my run to take it to the bank to see if I could exchange it. Despite missing most of the middle, top half, it still had a serial number and I was able to leave the bank with a fresh one. Amazing. I think it's like, if it's more than one corner that's missing or something like that. That's what I heard, but that could be wrong. I'd Love to get a graph about exactly how much you need. How fucked Up does your bill have to be? What If it's you cut, walk in with the serial number? Yeah, just a little circle of paper.


Yeah. Literally four days before the damage, 20, I found a different $20 bill in the middle of an intersection. As I was biking home, I had worried my new sunglasses tint would obscure my talent, but they didn't. I think it might be Chicago people just fucking losing money Over there drunk. Is it like, do you find this on Sundays and Mondays because, yeah. Last winter while walking into the entrance of zoo lights with my husband and stepson, there was Augusta Wind and a pilot of leads went by. I shouted there's money. I snatched up a $50 bill. We had a fun night from that. It paid for our admission. We rode the Ferris wheel and my stepson got a toy. Hell Yes. At this point, it's been happening to me for about 15 years.


It either irritates my family and friends, or they just shake their heads at me. So last year I decided to pay it forward and I ran the Chicago Marathon on a charity team. From my skillset, I raised $47 from ground scores alone. Ground scores, I don't know what that means. Scoring Money on the ground. Oh, that's amazing. It's not my money, and I figured it should go to a no kill animal shelter instead. Nice. That's Amazing. We all have our superpowers and mine is finding money or useful things. I found a North Face fleece, a Bluetooth speaker as well. Fuck. So take that mental health walk. Put your phones on, not just disturb. Look around and you never know what treasures might be waiting for you.


My hopeful next find is a kitten. Oh, Aaliyah. Oh, Oh, Aaliyah. You're lucky. Lucky person. Yeah. Wishing you the cat distribution system works in your favor. Yeah. I mean, it got to, Yeah, Chicago littered with kittens. I'm just trying to think of like that. I feel like I have been a lucky person. Not in the times of like, I've never like won contests or anything like that, but I do feel like I've, it's the thing. I think we've talked about it. I used to go, when I was really broke, I would just get up and go through my coat pockets. Yeah. And my, all the pockets in my clothes, in my closet, and I would always end up finding $25, $20, $10.


Yeah. So I, I wonder if there is a, something about the looking Yeah. Brings it to you. Or just Like, yeah. Manifesting it makes you notice it. It's still gonna be there for anyone, but you're the one who'd been thinking about it. Unless we live in the Matrix and they're like, sure. You can have $10. Right. Then if you tap in, Fucking do it. Come on


then. Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run or check out its Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


The world is facing urgent, monumental issues, and you may be considering a career where you can take your service to the next level and make a global impact in the heart of Washington dc. Gain world renowned expert knowledge and a global network as you pursue a master's degree and turn your passion into practice. Thousands of the world's leaders got their start at the George Washington University's Elliot School of International Affairs. Are you next? GW is a proud yellow Ribbon program participant.


Okay. Lasty for me. Okay. The subject line of this email is Aretha Franklin elbowed me at the buffet line. Hello, Karen, Georgia. And everyone is exactly right. I just listened to episode four 60 about Mary Jones, and it brought me so much joy. That was the Mary Jones was the Aretha Franklin impersonator. Oh Yeah. So good. And it brought me so much joy because it reminded me of the time Aretha Franklin elbowed me at a buffet line. It sounds like someone explaining their dream. Yes. Isn't it co Completely? Yes. It is a dream. It was 2010 and I was living in New York City having recently earned my master's in publishing from Columbia. Whoa. Well, well, well, well, Oh Yeah.


Smarty pants listening. Whoa. Well, well, okay. The publishing world was collapsing. Magazines were folding, suddenly no one was hiring, and I was scraping by with any job I could get, living on food stamps and feeling increasingly panicked that I'd have to abandon my dreams, go back to my hometown of Albuquerque and probably switch careers. Okay. Sorry. We said well, well, well at you. Yeah. Nevermind. We were, I'm I'm saying we, but it was me in the midst of all the turmoil, I managed to land a gig as a freelance red carpet reporter. Oh, wow. And because I got paid per quote, you'd better believe I shoved my wave past every camera person and had no time for feeling starstruck, because every celebrity I talked to meant I could survive in the city a little longer.


Wow. What a hustle. Yeah. Badass. It was a crazy job, and I constantly got hit in the head by camera equipment, but it was amazing because you don't think about that. No. That danger on the red carpet. But it was amazing because I met so many incredible people and had access to some seriously exclusive events. The most memorable experience had to be when I was tasked with covering the spring benefit concert and award ceremony at the Apollo Theater on June 14th, 2010, honoring none other than the queen of soul herself who performed that night and was inducted into the Apollo Legends Hall of Fame. Huh. I mean, God, what? Yeah, just the, the vi just the electricity Yeah.


Of being at a place like that Historic time. Yeah. Yeah. I grew up listening to her music and I was beyond excited to go, which every I'm sure person in that building Yeah. Was like going and saying, after a star studded red carpet where I got enough quotes to tie me over for another month. I love that. I know. Wow. It's very satisfying. Yeah. It just Sounds, it sounds like a book like, like a novel. Yeah. A character Would have. I was allowed to go inside the theater and watch the show for free as a member of the press. That alone would've made all my struggles in New York worth it. But then I was invited to a private catered party right there at the theater with a glorious buffet. I was standing in line ogling food I could never have afforded when someone elbowed me in my right side.


Aretha Franklin liven in the flesh, stood next to me grinned, and said, looks pretty good, doesn't it? Before I had a chance to do or say anything, she walked ahead nudging and hugging people here and there, stopping to make brief conversation. Oh, she disappeared after that. But I know it happened for sure, because the people in front of me turned around and we all squealed in pure joy. Oh My God. I loaded my plate, went back for seconds, and at some point floated back to my tiny apartment to send in my work feeling more love toward New York than ever. Wow. I ended up getting a job at InStyle soon after that. And though I'm back in Albuquerque these days, I'm here willingly and happily and still work in publishing.


I'd like to think that on that day, a little bit of Aretha's magic rubbed off on me, giving me a very needed boost to keep going. I listened to you since the early days and my sister and nieces and I love you. Thank you so much for all you do, and please stay safe during those crazy fires in LA S-S-D-G-M and R-E-S-P-E-C-T. Oh, Monica. That's Good. Monica. Wow. Oh, what a moment. What a moment in life. Yeah. Yeah. Just like, just hustling. You got yourself there. Yeah, you did. You're asking good enough questions that you keep getting rehired. Yeah. And it's like a month to month thing. Like you don't know what the fuck's gonna happen next month.


Yeah. Anything can happen. Just Gotta keep on trying and then suddenly, I honestly thought it was gonna be like, I just figured, 'cause you know you, I've seen a lot of clips of Aretha Franklin where she's kind of like, she's very like blase, blase and like it has to go out on the step and repeat to take pictures and throws her purse her fur down in a corner. Like she's just so like eye roll. Yeah. So I could totally see it be just like, outta my way, I, this is my show. Right. But instead she's like, Let me give this chick a moment that she's gonna remember. She knows. She knows. She knows. She knows. That's true. So Classy, true queen behavior. Yeah. She's like, aren't we all having fun with my Right. My party? Here's something to tell people when you get home tonight. Oh my God. So jealous that I wanna end on that one.


It was so good. But I have a quick, my quick last one. Yeah. Okay. They're all good. Sweet. They're All good. You're like it. Yeah. Okay. It's called You're In Our Love Story. Oh, hi Karen and Georgia. What am I even doing right now? Feeding My Baby While Listening to My Favorite podcast. And then it says, wouldn't it be funny if I said it wasn't yours? Yes, it would be. It's called Smart List. I thought I might share why you're partially to thank for my daughter being here at all. I met my partner while working in the same building, and we bonded over many things, including being marinos on our first day. I opened the door and instead of flowers, he was holding your book. He remembered I had wanted to read it, and I was immediately smitten after falling in love, buying a home, blending our family, and being told I couldn't have more kids.


Here I sit feeding our nine month old baby Cheerios while we listen to rewind episodes. And if you read that right, it looks like the baby's name is Cheerios, which I think is fucking would be hilarious. Feeding our nine month old baby Cheerios, but it's feeding our nine month old baby Cheerios. Oh, this. Never rewind up. So it's, thank you for forever being a part of our love story and giving my guy the little boost of confidence it took to land a hotty like me. Yes, Girl. Stay sexy and hope that babies can't understand what you're listening to. Love Alyssa. Oh, that's sweet. That was a perfect last email. I know. And isn't it? Doesn't this come out around Valentine's Day? Sweet. Perfect runner up For Valentine's Day.


Yeah. Hey, send us your love stories, whatever they may be. That's so sweet. I know. That's so weird. Shout out to Alyssa's husband. Yeah. Good Job, dude. Yeah. Hey, thanks for listening. Alyssa's husband, Alyssa's Husband especially, and Cheerio especially. Oh my God. Cheerio. We're so proud of you. Cheery. So you emails, it might be My favorite murder at Gmail. Thanks for all your stories. We appreciate you. Stay Sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye. Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production.


Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder. Goodbye.


This is Rob Parker from The Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus, the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile, so outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Geico makes it easy to get affordable renter's insurance in as little as 90 seconds. That way you have more energy for harder. Things like the laundry. Why is it so difficult to fold clothes? They just end up wrinkly anyway. Or on the floor in a pile that just sits there taunting you. But with renter's insurance through Geico, at least you know that those close and the other things you love are covered. Get more with Geico.


My name is Kyle Tequila, host of the Shocking new True Crime podcast, crook County. I got Recruited into the mob when I was 17 years old. People Are dying. Is he doing this every night? Kenny was a Chicago firefighter who lived a secret double life as a mafia hitman. I Had a wife and I had two children. Nobody knew anything. He was a fricking crazy man. He was my father and I had no idea about any of this until now. Crook County is available now. Listen for free on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.