
This is exactly right.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It could take you back to the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a Toyota dot com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


If you've got a million tabs open in your brain at all times, you don't need a wireless service that slows you down visible, Gives you unlimited data and a fast, reliable connection so you can keep scrolling until your fingers fall off. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the go. Ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make the switch@visible.com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, see Visible.com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye.


Goodbye.


Hello, big news everybody. The premier episode of our new show, The Knife, A True Crime Podcast is out now. If You love deep dives, empathetic storytelling and the cases that stay with you long after the episode ends, this will be the True Crime podcast for you. That's right, and now you're about to get an exclusive. Listen to their premier episode Host, Hannah Smith and Peisha Eaton take you inside the gripping story of Darrun Henry, whose routine morning run took a sudden and terrifying turn altering the course of her life. So sit Back and enjoy the first episode of The Knife, the newest member of our exactly right family. And Don't forget, once you listen to this episode and you love it, head over to The Knife feed in your podcast app to check out the next episode. Trust us, you won't wanna stop at just one. And while you're there, don't forget to follow, rate and review. It really helps. Goodbye.


Goodbye. This story contains adult content and language listener discretion is advised. So there was a silent moment between us where we were both trying to process what just happened After you punched Him? Yeah, like just a still moment where I was like, Oh my God, I just punched a human in the face.


Welcome to The Knife. I'm Peisha Eaton. I'm Hannah Smith. And this week we speak with a woman named Darrun Henry. She's a personal trainer, influencer and mother of two who lives in Toronto, Canada. In September of 2021, Darrun had just moved into a new home with her kids and then husband. It was a nice, safe, family friendly area of Toronto. And then on September 15th, she went for a jog at 11:00 AM in a park near her home and experienced something terrifying. We speak with Darrun about her experience and the lasting impact of what happened to her, including a video of the incident that went viral. We will be back with you after the interview to give you some updates on Darrun story, which is still ongoing today.


As a note, this conversation with Darrun happened on October 14th, 2024. Let's get into the interview. Let's start off with you telling us a little bit about yourself and your background. I'm Darrun Henry. I am an online fitness coach. I'm a mother of two beautiful girls who are 13 and seven, and I'm just a very passionate entrepreneur. I had a very hard upbringing. I was born in Iraq. I'm Kurdish, so I, not to like go too deep, but I lost my brother.


My brother was killed by a landmine when I was five. So, and then I was like a refugee until we came to Canada at the age of seven or eight, so in 96. And so a lot of my conditioning was limiting beliefs. I was very insecure because I, I didn't do too well in school. I never got like my university degree. I got pregnant at a young age. And so when I had my spiritual awakening and I was on my own personal development journey, and I discovered who I am and how powerful I am and how limitless I am, I wanted to help women like discover that part of themselves, regardless of what you've been through, that you can become the best version of yourself.


And so like that's where my passion lies right now. Right before the attack, I would say I was at the peak of my career, I was just the happiest version of myself. In September of 2021, Darrun and her family had just moved into a new home in Brampton, a city in the greater Toronto area. Darrun was delighted to find out that she was in walking distance to Massey Park, which is a small park that sits in the middle of a heavily trafficked area, but still feels remote due to the density of the trees. So she started to do her daily workouts at Massey Park.


So it's September 15th, 2021. So school had just started. Yeah, like I had taken the kids to school that day, and I, I went for my jog around like nine 30. Being in the forest, I would often like do walking meditations, I'd connect with God. So on that day it was different because I needed more content. So that was the, the only day I had taken my tripod because I do believe that having my tripod kind of saves me in a way that day, I believe I got there around nine 50 ish. I shot content, I took pictures for about 20, 30 minutes.


I was getting the right shots. I had my jump rope with me that day, so I was jump roping. So, you know, when is the first moment that you thought like, something is Wrong? Yeah, so this was towards the end of my workout. So it was around 11:00 AM when I saw an elderly man who was maybe like 80 years old with a walker. And I saw him walking very slowly and I actually noticed a random person. I noticed he was walking very slowly behind the elderly man, like almost as if he was just like with him.


But you can tell they weren't together. I, I found him a little suspicious because he was dressed in all black, like black sweatpants, black sweater, a fitted hat, and he was wearing a mask. It was pretty warm day. It was, it was September 15th, I was wearing shorts. So it was kind of like unusual to see somebody dressed like in a hoodie and like sweatpants and just fully covered. And also like wearing a covid mask. Not a lot of people wore the masks outside in the parks. So I, I did, I noticed him immediately as he was walking.


I had his bike, but he wasn't on his bike. Like he wasn't riding his bike, he was walking. They passed by right like they left. And I just continued doing what I was doing. And then at this point I was stretching and looking at the sunshine, you know, shining through the leaves and just breathing and just, yeah, I was stretching and I felt this like immense pain in my hamstrings. And like, something told me to bend over, like to stretch my hamstrings. And when I bent over, I literally saw him through my legs.


So I jumped and I was off to the side of the walking path so that people can pass by me. And when I bent over, I saw him like through my legs, literally, he was like right behind me, maybe eight feet away. And I jumped. So I turned around. I wasn't scared though. I just thought he was on a walk because it was just though I didn't know there was someone there. Yeah. Yeah. I I, I had no idea I was wearing these headphones, so I, I couldn't hear anything. And when I turned around and he was right directly right behind me, my tripod was on, like, it was on the ground.


And I think that I, I, I don't think he was sure that like, if it was recording or not, it wasn't recording. But he did notice my tripod. And then when I turned around I said, oh, I'm so sorry. Like, I, I was just like, so sorry I'm in your way. Right? Even though there's a huge walking pathway, like you could go around me, like you, there's no reason you should be directly behind me. And so like, that's when I realized, oh, like he really was trying to get really close to me, but I like caught him before he got too close. And as soon as I said sorry to him, he was very strange.


He was just like, didn't say anything and then looks at my tripod and was like asking me if I did YouTube. He's like, oh, do you do YouTube? And I was like, no, I was, I I couldn't really hear him 'cause he had his mask on. So then I, I was like, what, what are, what are you saying? And then he was like, do you do YouTube? And then he took his mask off, so he put it down to below his, his chin. And he kept asking me if, if I did YouTube. And I said, no, I don't do YouTube. He is like, are you, are you a fitness instructor? I was like, yes. I I'm a personal trainer. And he's like, well, can I get your information, like my Facebook or like my socials?


And I was like, no. Like I, I only work with women. And then I just kind of like looked at him like, walk away, like, go now. And so like, I was just getting annoyed of him. Like it was, the conversation probably took like 30 seconds. And so I was waiting for him to walk off and I was like, no, like I only work with women. You can't have my information. And so he got the point, and it was in that moment, like, he didn't say anything more. He just put his mask back on. And in this moment I realized, Oh my God, he is going to try and rape me because he looks around, he looks in my eyes.


And in that moment I felt that realization, like that moment where you're like, I am in danger. Like I am, something bad is gonna happen to me right now. And like, I have to like fight. So I went into fight mode immediately because he looked around, he put his mask back on, and then he came to strangle me. So he came at me with his hands to strangle me, but before he could get to me, I crossed him. So I punched him with my right arm, my right fist. I punched him in his jaw. Like I just, I don't know, I don't remember how hard it was.


I mean, in that moment, I'm sure I punched him really, really hard. Not enough to knock him out, but he was shocked. So there was a silent moment between us where we were both trying to process what just happened. Like after you Punched him? Yeah, like just a still moment where I was like, Oh my God, I just punched a human, like in the face. Like I, I was taking boxing lessons, but I always had gloves on. I never punched a human before, like flesh and bone. So like, there were so many thoughts running through my head like, Oh my God, he's gonna kill me.


I just punched a man in the face and he's gonna kill me. So, because you say like, and you did this motion, which people can't see on the podcast, but you're saying that he was coming at you with his hands out in a clear way that like he was going for your throat. Yeah, he was coming for my throat. Yeah. Like that was hands down the scariest moment of my life. Just, I didn't even react. Like I didn't even think I just reacted and I punched him. And I honestly believe that like punching him in the face was the best thing I could have ever done because it completely threw him off. And, and after I punched him, I did freeze because I was like, at the end of the day, I'm five one and he's really tall.


He's in, I don't know who he is, what he's capable of. I don't know if he has a weapon on him. But then right after I punched him and we had that silent moment for maybe five seconds, you know, I, it aggravated him. So he ca he tried to take me down. And so I always mentioned that like my boxing lessons saved my life. I was able to fight him. So I literally heard my coach, his name is Jerry. And I, I literally heard Jerry in my head. I I, I heard him say, put power behind it, like as I was punching. 'cause that was something he'd often say to me, put power behind it.


And it's that repetition of punching over and over and over. And even, I don't know how it happened, but he was on the ground at one point. I kicked him really hard in his ribs. I wish I had kicked him in his balls, but I kicked him in his ribs. There was a point where he was looking for something on the ground, so he was searching for something on the ground. And in that moment I thought, Oh my God, he's looking for a rock, like to knock me out, right? Like, that was my thought was like, he's looking for something to like knock me out. And like, that was the moment I remembered a head of voice because you know, when you're fighting for your life and that you, you don't remember that.


Like, I didn't remember I was in a public park in that moment. I remembered like, you're in a public park, there's people, somebody's gonna hear you. And so I literally started screaming bloody murder. I started screaming for help, like as loud as I could. And yeah, like that was something, it's hard to relive. But yeah, like I, I thought like if like that was my last resort was just screaming for my life, it was really, really scary. So yeah.


And then as soon as I started screaming for help, like his eyes bulged out and yeah, and then he ran away. But when he ran away, he ran towards the right side of the forest. And then I think he got maybe 10, 20 steps in and he stopped and he ran the opposite direction. And that's when I pulled out my phone and I started recording him because I needed evidence of him running away. I needed evidence of like what he looked like, what he was wearing.


Like I just needed something to show the police. I had no idea why he stopped and ran the opposite direction. But then I realized when he picked up his bike, that it was the same person who had walked by me 10 minutes prior to. And I realized that he had hid his bike and was watching me for about 10 minutes.


Hey Karen, I want you to picture yourself going For a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh Yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advance safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twists and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot view monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard Ford Collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, This is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, Oh my God, once detected it sounds alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh My God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye. Goodbye.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And That's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster With squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and autogenerated site maps, you'll rank higher and search results globally. Go to squarespace.com/murder for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


As the weather starts to get warmer and we can finally go places, again, it's time to face a hard truth. Your travel wardrobe is not ready. You can't bring bad fashion on your vacation. They won't let you out of the airport. Fortunately, we all have quince. They have high quality travel essentials at fair prices. With Quince, you can get quality luxury essentials without a hefty price tag, like lightweight European linen styles from $30 washable silk tops and comfy lounge sets. And Quince also has premium luggage options and stylish tote bags to carry It all. Everything is priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands because Quince works directly with top factories. They cut out the middleman and pass the savings onto you. Georgia, I don't wanna brag or anything, but I just got a box of three brand new Quince sweaters because I wear my $50 Mongolian cashmere sweaters that I got years ago so much that I was finally like, I need to freshen this up a little bit For your next trip. Treat yourself to the luxe upgrades you deserve from quince. Go to quince.com/mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince.com/mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


After Darrun was able to fight off this attacker, she somehow had the presence of mind to take out her phone and hit record, capturing him running into the woods. Then a man in the park who had heard her scream showed up and called the police. The following moments were a blur for Darrun as multiple police officers and her husband arrived at the park. When I had somebody there, like I was able to just kind of like break out of that shell and I went into shock immediately. I just started wailing, like I couldn't help it. Like I just started screaming. There was a lot of police around and that police officer showed up.


Within two minutes he was there. The search started immediately. They were looking for him because we gave a description, but yeah, he got away with it. Yeah. And then I, I somehow walked back home. My, my street was filled with police cars and my neighbors had no idea what, what happened. There was just a lot of police in the area and they kinda gave me a minute. And when I got home, that's when like, the shock just kept getting worse. When I was like realized, like realized what, what just happened.


The first thing I did was like, go to the bathroom and puke. I don't know how to describe it, but it felt like I puked like this evil. Like it just came out of me and like it just, I puked and I was, I was messed up. I was really messed up because I kept thinking like, Oh my God, what if I didn't turn around? Like, what if he had just knocked me out before I had turned around? There's obviously this range of emotions that you're then experiencing directly following the attack. What do logistically the hours and the days following the attack look like? Yeah, that was a huge ordeal.


When we get into the police, there's a lot to say because, you know, I essentially risked my life capturing that video because I should been running to safety. But I took an extra 10, 15 seconds just to get him on camera that when I, I was very disappointed when they told me that they couldn't do anything with that evidence. Like I had this fantasy that like they were gonna put it on the news that night and show the clip of him running through the woods and my neighborhood's gonna be safer place maybe like somebody can recognize him and like, I was so disappointed and so shocked when the police were like, no, like we can't do anything with that evidence.


What was their reason when they said we can't do anything? Why? Well, because it's alleged they can't prove what he did. They just have a video of a guy running through the woods and it's an alleged attack and yeah, like they just don't do that. So I, I was like, okay, well what, what are you gonna do? Like there was a guy out there attacking women at 11:00 AM he is 1000000% gonna do it again? And they're like, yeah, we we're gonna put it up on our website. And then I was angry. I was like, what fucking website are you talking about? Like, I live in this neighborhood, I don't know about your website.


I doubt anyone here knows that you have a website or that anyone goes on there daily to check. They questioned me for about half an hour and I was like, yeah, I was just messed up, right? Like, they gave me maybe 10 minutes to myself and like during that 10 minutes I was puking. Then we were talking and I was angry. I was so angry. I was like, what do you mean you're not gonna do anything? What do you mean you're, you're just gonna put it on a website? Like what good is that? And they literally told me like, like the best thing you could do is just not go back into the woods. And I was like, are you, I was looking fucking kidding me. Like, what am I a caged up animal?


I can't even go for a walk in my neighborhood in the park where I take my kids every day. Like I walk my kids to the park. Well also, this is our advice to women on how to stay safe. Don't leave your house. Yeah, exactly. According to Darrun, the police said they would post the report on their website to alert the neighborhood, but she didn't feel that this was good enough. After all, she lived in the neighborhood and she'd never heard of the website. Darrun has a significant following on social media. And so the next day when the police report still wasn't up online, Darrun decided to post the video that she recorded in the park of her attacker. This is the first part of that video.


Darrun screams as a blurry figure, darts through the woods. Help me, help me. This guy, I just pushed him in fucking face. Yeah, you piece the, The video then cuts from the park to Darrun sitting on her front porch the following day, speaking directly to her followers. I wanna make this video for my predator. I want him to know that when I punched him in the face, I wasn't scared at all.


I wasn't scared, I'm crying because fucking took my sanctuary from me. It went viral within hours and at one point it was at 30,000 views and it was at 300,000 views and it was at 500,000 views. And it was just like a snowball effect and it just kept getting bigger and bigger. And that was extremely hard to navigate through. As I am trying to like collect myself, I was getting messages from all over the world. Like it went viral in India, it went viral in Europe, it went viral in South America.


For some people it was like entertainment. I experienced a lot of victim blaming, but I have to say I did also feel like the support of the world behind me. And they ended up posting the police report after it went viral. But I also felt like the system really failed me because if they had just taken me seriously, if they had publicized my report, then the second attack wouldn't have happened, which was just six days after mine. Do you know what happened with that attack and how did you learn about that attack? I found out about the second attack through a follower.


Somebody sent me the report. What happened was literally the same exact scenario. He attacked her on a Tuesday, was around the same exact time, like 11:00 AM It was in another nearby park. He was on a bike, same thing. He was dressed in sweats, but he had escalated it to, he had taken a knife, so a box cutter to this next attack. After the second attack, Darrun was asked to come into the police station and look through a series of photographs to identify the attacker.


He was like the second lost picture. So I had to like go through all those pictures. But as soon as his picture came up and I looked at his eyes, this energy rushed over me and like every cell in my body screamed and was like, that's him. Like I knew it was him because of his eyes, because I can never forget that look he gave me right before he came to strangle me. And you know, even though it was a picture, I felt those emotions. And then after they made me go through that, they were like, well, we have a disturbing question to ask you. I was like, what? And they were like, did he steal anything from you?


Like does he, are you missing anything? And I was like, no, no, I'm not missing anything. But when they told me like they found him, he had a backpack on him and he had a bunch of women's items in there. And they told me that he goes out there looking for the opportunity to attack and then that he is also a trophy keeper. So then he keeps something from his victims. And when they said that to me, I realized that when I thought he was looking for a rock to knock me out, he wasn't actually looking for a rock.


He was looking to steal something to keep as a trophy. 19-year-old Paul EF of Brampton was charged this week with assault, assault with a weapon and assault, causing bodily harm in connection to two alleged incidents. Henrys and another that happened six days later, that incident taking place at nearby Jay Field Park Law enforcement was able to identify and charge Paul Yusef. We don't have any information about the other victim as she was a minor at the time. Paul Yusef was arrested on September 28th, 2021. Darrun now had a name for her attacker. And while she waited to see what would happen to him, she tried to continue living her life.


I didn't sleep for maybe two weeks. I, I just couldn't, although he wasn't successful, I went through a lot of the after effects. You know, it's interesting to use this word successful and I know what you mean by it, because he wasn't able to, you know, do what he planned to do, which when you were in that moment was very clear to you, looking in his eyes. You knew what he wanted to do. Yeah. It's still just like he still attacked you, you know, you still had to go through that experience. He wasn't successful, but he was successful in breaking me and, you know, making me feel violated.


I still feel very violated. For the first two weeks before he was caught, I went through this intense, like PTSD where I felt like he was in my kitchen every night. Like I couldn't even go downstairs to like get a glass of water because I felt like he was just there. There were many times where I would just be sitting on my front porch and like a man would walk by and I thought that man was gonna come attack me and I would just run back into my home. The PTSD was so intense that I literally jumped one day and like almost freaked out on an elderly man at the beach.


Something that's important to note in Canada, you are not allowed to carry a weapon or any tool that is specifically for the purpose of self-defense, which would include pepper spray. It was difficult for darrun to feel safe out in the world. Even during the day after all, she'd been attacked in a public park at 11:00 AM she feared something like this would happen again, knowing her only recourse if it ever did happen, would be to fight. One of the triggers I have is that like, when a man is walking towards me and making eye contact, I get triggered. Or if there's somebody behind me, I will get triggered and it, it will bring back that moment and I'll go into like defense mode.


Like I didn't wanna be touched, like even by my husband. Like he couldn't even tap me on the shoulder without me jumping. I dressed in baggy clothes for weeks. Like my body was, I felt so violated. There's a lot that victims go through that is not talked about. Have you learned anything else about him throughout this process? Like what does he do for work? Oh yeah. Like when we discovered who he was and it went public and I saw a few comments like, oh, I went to high school with this guy. So I went and I like did, did my own research.


I found out that he's Iraqi, which is crazy because I'm Iraqi I found out that he's my own people and that was very disturbing and that was one thing I found out about him. A lot of the girls I spoke to from his high school, I think I spoke to like two or three of them all told me he was a creep and that like, he didn't handle rejection very well. Darrun waited in anticipation to see what would happen to her attacker. Paul Yusef, the waiting she said was uncomfortable, but it was also not a new feeling for her.


This experience flooded her with memories from a different incident that happened when she was a child. This is also not my first predator. When I was 11, I was groomed by my teacher, my drama teacher. Like every kid wanted to be around him like, 'cause he was cool and he was, you know, like, if Mr. Lanko liked you, like you're cool. And they didn't know he was grooming me until he made it so obvious. And he was like, well, I have a question for you. Do you have pubic hair? I was like, whoa. And I was going through puberty and like I didn't even talk about that stuff with my own parents.


So like for you to ask me as a teacher, I legitimately ran home that day. I think I answered him, I have no idea what my reaction was. I just was like, what the fuck dude? And I ran out of there. Like I went home and then I just avoided him for the remainder of the year. You know, I noticed he always had like a favorite student that was always a female who was always in grade six. And the reason he targeted grade six students, and this is just all my theory was because the year, like that was the last year of elementary and then you go to middle school and so you can kind of get away with doing whatever.


And then they were off to the next school, which is exactly what happened with me. I just moved on and I went to the next school and I forgot about it. Darrun was clear that although her sixth grade teacher, Greg Lanco had not physically abused her, his actions were harmful. He was a teacher, someone in a trusted position of authority and he'd used that power to manipulate her. At the time, Darrun didn't know the term grooming, but she does now. And that is exactly what Greg Lanco was doing. Darrun listened to her instincts and distanced herself from Lanco never telling anyone what happened.


That is until two years later when she learned that she was not lancos only target. And then two years later it came up that like the, after the year I left, there was like five girls that he was, you know, grooming and had invited back to his house and shown them porn on his computer. He had shown them his privates and like he took it so far with those girls, you know, they, I guess thought it was a joke. They didn't realize what was happening. And they told me like we were on the bus going to school.


Like they were in grade seven. I was in grade eight and they were telling me all these stories and I was like, you guys, like, we have to come forward. And it was my idea to come forward because I have a younger sister and he used to call her little daron and I just knew that like she was his next target. So I, I really did it for my sister and yeah, at a young age I had to get questioned. I, I felt like I was getting interrogated by the police. There was like victim blaming involved at that time as well with the new teachers in grade eight. Like I remember getting treated differently because of coming forward.


And so yeah, this is, this cuts deep because I still have trauma from the age of 11, 12, 13 D was a middle school, a time wrought with difficulties and insecurities for most of us, but still she decided to speak out and lead the charge in bringing Greg Lancos actions to light. D's younger sister was going into sixth grade the next year and she did not want her to have the same experiences with Lanco as a result of Darrun and others speaking out. In 2001, Greg Lanco was arrested and charged with sexual assault, invitation to sexual touching, sexual interference and criminal harassment.


He had been teaching at Cedar Drive Public School for 12 years. At that point I was very afraid of like coming out because as child you think that like, you did something wrong for the teacher to ask me a question like that, like what did, what did you do for him to ask you that? Right? Like, that was how my mind worked. At the end of the day, I feel like my voice is there like this time around, like, I fought so hard because of little darrun because like little Darrun never got justice. Like I was just like, yeah, I'm just like a witness in all this. But really I was a victim and I was groomed and my innocence was stolen, but I was okay with like not getting the justice as long as he was in trouble.


And as long as like there was other victims to help me prove that this guy was shouldn't be a teacher, shouldn't even be around kids. I asked Arun what she meant when she said she never got justice as a child. And what came to light was that she felt she missed out on the process. She wasn't considered a main victim in the case, which she understands, but as a result, her story wasn't part of the case and she did not attend any of the hearings. She didn't get to see it. She was just left to process what had happened to her alone as a result of this, even years later, she explained that she still has questions and she never really got closure.


And when she was attacked on September 15th, 2021 in Massey Park, suddenly this incident from middle school came back into her mind. I actually thought about Mr. Lanco on my walk back home, like it happened immediately, like after the attack and I was walking back home. I thought of him and I remembered that experience. It just came up and I was just so angry about the world. Like I'm just, I was just so angry. It just, it just came up. I guess it was just like that blocked trauma that was still in there.


It all came up. Darrun spoke up in middle school and again as an adult, after she was attacked in Massey Park, her motivation to warn others to advocate for victims and perhaps to make a big deal about something that is a big deal. Sometimes though you can do all the right things and still be let down. When I first spoke with Darrun in the fall of 2024, she told me that she was still waiting to know the results of Paul Yusef's case. I decided to see what I could find out, find out. So I called the Peel Regional police and then they directed me to the Davis Courthouse in Brampton.


We don't directly talk about this in the interview, but what happened was I was emailed the case documents the day before we recorded this interview with Darrun. I found out that the sentencing hearing had already happened. It happened in May of 2024. Paul Yusef was sentenced to four months of conditional sentence house arrest and two years probation. I didn't wanna spring this information on Darrun during the recording, so I sent her an email the night before the interview with the case information. She later told me that while she is glad to have this information, it was also very difficult to receive. And it opened up a whole new set of worries for her.


I have been waiting for three years. Nobody has updated me on anything. He only got four months of house arrest. He also lives in our neighborhood, so he lives within five kilometers of us. So that's the other scary part is like, yeah, like he's he's free now and I had no idea. Yeah, I mean, I I think it's pretty like ridiculous that they didn't update you on all of that, even just to keep you informed. I feel like that should have happened. I, I can't believe it. I legitimately had a mental breakdown last night when I saw your message.


I was like, what? That is impossible. Like how could, how could they not tell me? I I, I wasn't able to get ahold of anyone to, to ask them these questions. But it started, you know, it was so shocking to me when I heard that because he attacked two people. Clearly. He was past you, hit his bike, was watching you. And maybe it goes back to this idea of was he quote unquote successful and if he, you know, because he wasn't, then he gets a lesser sentence. But it really brings up this question of justice because how is that justice? Yeah, it's not, it's a nightmare.


Yeah. Like it's, it's almost as if like you have to end up like dead in the woods for them to actually care or like do anything. And, and that's truly how I feel. Like, oh, you got attacked. Well, shit happens every day. Darrun like, move on, right? Like, that's, that's how I took it. Like, well, you're lucky enough you could fight, fight, right? Like, you're lucky you got away. Like, it's all luck. It's like a game of luck. Like I, I I just kind of wanna reiterate my message to women and it's that you have a voice, right? And like that you are powerful and that you're stronger than you believe to be and that you can also punch a man in the face and survive and that it's okay to freeze.


I I think that was one thing that like, I felt like a lot of victims came forward and kept saying like, I wish I had your strength. I wish I had done something, but like, I wanna remind women that I also froze in that moment, like right after I punched him. And like that, it's a very natural reaction to have, but the more prepared you are, right? Like I, I just feel like I was prepared and that, you know, at the end of the day, I feel like, you know, I was very successful, quote unquote in getting him captured and, you know, all that stuff because it rarely goes that far.


Right?


Hey, Karen, I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not Ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh Yeah. Well the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twist and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, This is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, Oh my God, once detected it sounds alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh my God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air and that means open windows outdoor plans and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But With Active Guard Outdoor Protection, SimpliSafe to monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady or like, you know, walking up my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit simply safe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So How do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home and thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. Its beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean we couldn't rave more. And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable and so user-friendly. Like You don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article, they do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look at that near dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously, article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Wow, that was an incredible interview. I'm so, I feel so lucky she shared her story with us. Me Too. Yeah, it was really powerful and I'm so glad that she spoke with Us going into these interviews. We have to do some level of prep. And in this case, you discovered that Paul Yusef had already actually had his court proceedings. So do you wanna talk a little bit about how you navigated that going into the interview with Darrun? Yeah, It's not something I, I think I would have known how to do or felt comfortable doing before we started working in podcasting because basically I couldn't find any information about it online. Neither could Darrun, which is why she believed that the case was still open.


And so I called the police station where the article I did find where he was arrested and then they told me the courthouse, which was like in a different county. So then I called the courthouse and got ahold of them and then I was able to get the court documents and I was really surprised to learn that the case was closed, that his sentencing hearing had already happened like six months before. And I don't know exactly why, why he got a four month conditional sentence in two years probation. But the most shocking thing to me was that Darrun had not been updated and had not been able to find this information and Lived so close to him, lives Like a few miles away and had no idea such A nightmare.


Okay, So this takes place in Canada, which is different than the US and I'm not as familiar with the laws there. It was difficult, honestly, even getting the court paperwork much more difficult than I found in the US when I've set out records. So I reached out to a few different reporters, essentially. I didn't get a clear answer on this, on what the process is and also why a victim wouldn't be informed, but you might have some information about this. Yeah, Well, after we talked about this and came to this sort of realization that we weren't even clear on what Darren's rights were as a victim of someone who physically assaulted her, probably with the intent to sexually assault her, you know, it was really alarming.


And so I went ahead and contacted a victim advocacy group called the Canadian Resource Center for Victims of Crime. And I spoke with a representative there and she had some really interesting information. Essentially in Canada there exists, the Canadian victim's Bill of Rights and Darrun had a lot more rights than I think were exercised. And probably that's because she didn't even know that she had those rights. And it also goes back to, well, she's the victim of a crime, and so is the onus on the victim to go say, okay, what are my rights? Or is it on law enforcement to say, okay, here's your rights or connect you to someone who can make you aware so that you can stay safe throughout this ordeal.


And basically she has a what's called a right to information, which is about the status of the investigation, the alleged offense, the location of proceedings, available services right to protection, right to participation, which is conveying their views when decisions are made by authorities. Well, This is why I was shocked because so many cases we've covered before, victims will get a chance to offer a victim impact statement at a sentencing hearing, which can influence a sentence on someone, right? If a judge hears that this was incredibly emotionally traumatic or whatever, that could be informative in sentencing. Well, if the victim is not informed about the sentencing hearing, they have no chance to offer, offer a victim impact statement.


Right. And I think, you know, drew put it so well in the interview when she was talking about how, you know, this person attacked her in broad daylight. In broad daylight, I think it, it was 11:30 AM she was like, of course he was going to do this again. And she was right and So, and was keeping trophies, Was keeping trophies. Like he was not someone who was just going to be kind of come to the realization that he shouldn't be doing this, he's dangerous. And so it was really scary, I'm sure for her to learn that he actually lives quite close and she had no idea what the status was of the case. No one told her. And she, it turns out, did have a right to that information.


Now, when I spoke to the representative from this advocacy group, they said that it's not exactly clear whose job it is to say, here are your rights, but that if you are a victim of a crime in Canada, especially a violent crime, you should be able to ask law enforcement what are some resources I can have access to? And they should be able to point you in this direction of either an advocacy group or paperwork that outlines your rights for you. And it's unfortunate, but it sounds like you do have to do some self advocating to get that information, but it does exist. So, you know, it's not ideal, but I think that it's an important takeaway for anyone who might find themselves in an unfortunate situation like this, because I think had darrun known, she would've absolutely exercised those rights.


Yeah, absolutely. You know, it's a good practice to, if you find yourself in that situation to ask that of law enforcement, who do I contact? What's the number? How often will I be updated? You know, ask all the questions. It's hard to also put that on a victim when hearing During's story. It's like the shock, even right after this attack. She's not, she doesn't have the presence of mind to do that, I'm sure. But even to be able to reach out after, you know, one of the things that I feel like I've learned from trying to track information down, calling courthouse, calling police stations is like, you know, bureaucratic institutions are not just gonna be like, here, let me help you and give you all this information.


No, you just have to be like, okay, keep asking, keep asking, okay, well you should contact this department. Cool. How do I do that? What would that website or that phone number be? You just have to ask a ton of questions, which it's unfortunate that's the case, but Yeah. Yeah, You have to be kind of a bulldog about it. I mean, you and I have been contacting courthouses and looking for court records and reaching out to law enforcement for a long time now, but still sometimes I have a really hard time figuring out how do I get to this person? Oh, you have to go through this other person. And you know, pretty soon you're following up three times. And you know, for us working in in podcasting, obviously that's a less important email than a victim, but I think the same bureaucratic nightmare exists where you're like, okay, but who do I call?


What is the number? And they're like, let me look into that. Yeah. Well that sounds like a really helpful organization. We should put that in the show notes. Yeah, they're also, you know, there's no cost to utilizing their services. Oh, that's fantastic. Yeah. Do they serve all of Canada? I think they serve all of Canada, but I know they serve Ontario and they help people who have experienced violent crime. They have a homicide support group. They really have a lot of resources that I didn't even know existed that are more specific. So the Canadian Resource Center for Victims of Crime. I'm just reading from what it says on our website. The C-R-C-V-C provides support, research, and education to survivors of serious crime and stakeholders in Canada.


So reach out to them if you need victim advocacy. I think that it was so easy for me to reach them and hop on a call. I have no doubt that they would help point someone in the right direction. Love that. So if anyone is interested in reaching out to the Canadian Resource Center for victims of crime, you can go to their website, it's crvc.ca, and there's a Contact us link, and that is how I reached them and I heard back within a day. Amazing. Yeah. Amazing. That was a great interview. Fantastic. We'll Be back next week. All right. Looking forward to it. If you have a story for us, we would love to hear it. Our email is The Knife at exactly right media.com, or you can follow us on Instagram at The Knife Podcast or Blue Sky at The Knife Podcast.


This has been an exactly right production hosted and produced by me, Hannah Smith, And me Peisha Eaton. Our producers are Tom Bre Fogel and Alexis Amar. This episode was mixed by Tom Bre Fogel. Our associate producer is Christina Chamberlain. Our theme music is by Birds in the Airport. Artwork by Vanessa Lilac, Executive produced by Karen Kilgar, Georgia Hard Stark, and Danielle Kramer.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So getting a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It could take you back to the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a Toyota dot com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey, Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Hankins. We're the hosts of Mind the Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit QuickBooks. Listen To mind the business, small business success stories on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.