
This is exactly right.


Woman of the Hour is the stranger than fiction. Story of an aspiring actress in 1970s, Los Angeles, whose life intersects with a serial killer in the midst of a year's long murder spree when she's cast on an episode of the Dating Game based on a true story. And, directed by Academy Award nominee Anna Kendrick Watch Woman of the Hour, only on Netflix, October 18, rated R.


This episode is brought to you by CarMax. Searching for your next car. Don't settle. Thrive at CarMax. It's easy to shop online or in person with upfront pricing. And tools designed to help finding a car you love has never been easier. Plus, you can sell or trade in your current vehicle with an online offer in minutes, no strings attached. Start shopping now to find a car you'll love@carmax.com. CarMax the way it should be.


Hello And Welcome To My. favorite murder The mini. So Will We read you your stories? It's the same every time, but it's fun to have thing explained to you. do you wanna go first? Sure. This one's funny. I'm not gonna read you the title. Hey ladies, hope you are. Well. Thank you for your podcast. It's great. And. I. Love it. Nice. So I used to live in a small town right outside of Toledo, Ohio. I lived in the same house since birth. And. Nothing really crazy would happen in this town here. And there. You'd get a drunk wandering soul from one of the four bars in town. Come in, And, knock on your door because they're confused. That, you aren't their mistress looking for a one night stand.


Aw. Or the carnival workers That came into town once a year. That would fist fight in your front yard, but that's no harm. When I was 12, my parents started to let me walk the town with friends. And ride my bike. Wherever we had a seven 11 down the block from us, And. I would almost daily go, And, get myself a half And, half Arnold Palmer after school. That's mature for a 12-year-old, Right? Yeah. It's very, very refined. Tastes Yeah. It was cheap. And. My parents had me on a tight budget of no dollars a week. So That 99 cent tea changed my life. So I'm trotting my happy 12-year-old ass to seven 11 after school one day. When I get to the door, I didn't fuck politeness because let's be for real. I'm 12.


I held the door open for this man who walked in. But he had more important things to do than say thank you. I won't. Ly I was a little offended, That. He didn't say thank you or anything, but That wasn't gonna screw up my attitude because I, go And, grab my tea. And go to the counter to pay for my drink. Of course, I pay in quarters. And Dimes. I had my money ready to go. And counted it out. I noticed. The guy I let In was pacing the store. And looking like he didn't know what he needed. But I didn't care because I had one thing on my mind. My tea I paid. I said My thank you. And headed out. Sure enough, on my little walk home, I hear sirens, And I. See police rushing down the road. The guy who was in the seven 11 with me robbed the place at gunpoint. After I left And, then he decided to run.


So when the story hit the news, the only picture they had of this man was him entering the store, which conveniently had me in the background, holding the door for the suspect at hand. Yes just a surveillance picture of me. And a robber was plastered on a six o'clock news. They ended up finding the guy And arresting him. I won't ly it traumatized me just a little bit, but not too much. Yeah. And just a little. It would. That's how you get funny. It's just a little bit, but not too much. Keep making a change like you do on a daily xo xo, the girl who held the door for the seven 11 robber Yeah. You'd be so excited to see yourself on TV And. Then it looks like you're an accomplice Yeah. You're like the most popular kid at school for fucking sure, right?


Until people are like, wait a second, I can't trust you because you're an accomplice Yeah. They should have blurred their face out, but they didn't. I mean you would think also. 'cause it's a minor Yeah. No, no, just this polite child will also be featured. Okay, so the subject line of this email is That classic hometown And. It says Hello Karen Georgia pets And producers. I've been a listener since my cousin told me about you guys in 2016. Hey, Shelby. Shelby. What's up, Shelby? My next album we call will be called, Hey, Shelby I. Love listening to you guys. When I need a good pick me up from my boring everyday life, or when I'm trying to lull my five month old daughter to sleep. She's truly a day one murder.


Ooh Yeah from her life. Ooh, your mini SOEs contain so many fun stories, but I have a classic hometown for you guys. All names have been changed for privacy sometime in the 1980s in a very small west Texas town. My dad was in high school. And had his group of guy friends. one of his friends will call him. Sam went on a ski trip with his parents to Colorado where they had their own cottage in the mountains down the street. Sam's Aunt And uncle had their own cottage. one night while on their trip, Sam went to his cousin's cabin to hang out. And play games with the family. It started to get late. So Sam said he would just walk back home to his cabin with his dog. That night. Sam's mom calls Sam's Aunt And asks if he's gonna stay the night over there since it was almost midnight.


And, he hadn't returned. His aunt told them That he had left hours ago. Ooh, no Sam was missing. A search party was underway, but all they found was Sam's dog who was alive. The family never gave up. Hope And continued to hold search parties for Sam every other month. Two years after searching, they found the body of a boy who had been beaten to death. That resembled the age. Sam was when he went missing. They sent the body in for forensics. Sure, That, this was Sam. But the dental records came back. And showed That. It was another boy who had gone missing around the same time. To this day, the family still holds search parties every two months looking for anything That could possibly give insight to what really happened to Sam.


My dad still really hasn't gotten over losing one of his closest friends. So suddenly, thank you for reading my true hometown. I love everything y'all do for the mental health community. And for allowing hometowns like my own to have their stories be heard. S-S-D-G-M, Bella, she her Ooh. My God. Why can't they find the person who did That? That's like bananas. Well, can't find even any evidence. Yeah. It reminds me, even though it's a movie, not true, but it's, it reminds me of the lovely bones where she just gets taken And in this way. Where Yeah, there's just, there's nothing to find. Totally. So Horrible


When it comes to gift giving. We all know it's the thought. That counts. But you know what counts for double jewelry? Whether you're shopping for yourself or buying jewelry for someone special. Blue Nile has what you're looking for. Blue Nile is the original online retailer of diamonds. And fine jewelry. They offer thousands of independently graded diamonds, And gorgeous pieces at prices significantly below traditional retail. You'll find timeless classics like their yellow gold tennis bracelet or their diamond huggy hoops. These are the perfect addition to any outfit during any season. Plus their birthstone necklaces, And rings make a great personalized gift. Blue Nile experts are available to you twenty four seven by phone or chat. You can ask them technical questions. Learn how to best utilize your budget. And, get specific recommendations, real help from a real human without any of the anxiety. Blue Nile takes the risk outta buying fine jewelry online. Not only do they have some of the highest quality standards in the industry, but they offer 30 day returns. And a diamond price match guarantee. Go to blue nile.com to find the perfect piece today. That's blue nile.com. Blue nile.com.


Goodbye. Safe boxes. And contents Greetings. I've enjoyed the podcast for a long while now. Thank you for providing great entertainment storytelling. And the laughs. On a fairly recent episode, I heard I recall you asking, what do people put in their safe deposit boxes? So I thought I would give you some insight. I've worked in the branch banking industry for two decades. I'm sorry to say That. Most safety deposit boxes. Contents are very boring. Think deeds of trust for properties, card titles, et cetera. Employees at the bank are not supposed to know or get involved with clients'. Safe box contents. However, That does not always stop the rare client from showing employees some of their treasures.


Hmm, I've seen a collection of large colored diamonds. A client would buy from Switzerland. They would. That's just like someone putting them away. And being like, I want. I. Need to show these to someone. Hey, Yeah, a bank employee who's got your back to me? Come fucking look at this shit. You have to come because I can't keep them in my house. Yeah, they're making me paranoid. It's totally like the trap of the trap of greed or whatever. Yeah, where it's like I need to have them, but I have to hide them. But you need to know they're here. But I need someone to acknowledge their beauty. Yeah. They would fly the diamond over to the USA And. An armored car would deliver them to his house. My favorite was the yellow diamond.


Another client kept her historical candelabras in her box. Like, can I hang out with That fucking person please? How did they fit in there? That's insane. I Don't know. Got a big, there's probably, it's probably like PO boxes where you can get different sizes, Right? Ooh, Ooh, Yeah. I'm always only thinking of the little slighty one with the teeth in it. Yeah, Listen to this. And would retrieve them for dinner parties. And return them the next day. Fucking Bachanal And. You know it. So smart. Craziest fucking parties. Some folks put rare coins or silver dollars, expensive jewelry. They do not wear often. And sometimes it's a way to hide tangible assets from family. I can imagine That. The banks in large banking cities have safe boxes. That contain large amounts of diamonds.


And gold, but that's not usually found on main street banks. Cash, ammunition, And weapons are not permitted in safe boxes. But like how would they fucking know? Right? Well, they're there when they put 'em in Yeah, but they can't watch them put anything in there. They would have, they couldn't bring a weapon into a bank. I. Don't know. We We need more answers. Clearly Yeah. Well also I think it's like, here's the rule. Are you gonna break the rule at this place? That has security guards. And, probably cops on the like everywhere possible Like right. But the thing That, they said about we're not supposed to know or get involved with the client's safe contents like then so That, they'd leave them alone with it. Right? So you could just fucking stick a I.


Dunno. Sounds like I'm planning So home, but I'm not. Although we suspect a fair amount of people do store some cash in them. Most people do not realize That safe boxes. And. Their contents are not insured by the bank. A storm could flood the bank. And your box. And ruin your cash. Ooh I know if a safe box goes five years without payment of rent. We are required by law to drill the box with two people watching inventory. The box And. Then guess what they do with them? This is like it. You'd want it to be storage wars. Throw it in the air. Just throw it as high as they can. And. Then whoever catches it gets it. Yeah. That's right. And. Send the contents to the state. I believe it remains in the State's possession for a certain time before it's liquidated.


And turned into cash for the state. Pay your safety deposit box. Rent And. Then it just says, Ali I mean. Thank you so much Ali, for giving us, that's insight. Anything I? Just wanna know anything Yeah that's going on in there. 'cause also the idea, the story That begins to tell itself of like you're hiding cash. And, not depositing cash. Ooh Yeah, you're making, you're choosing the way less safe choice to be secretive. What is this cash from? What are You doing? 'cause you don't want your ex-husband to get his fucking grimy paw on it because You're a bank robber. And, you robbed That. Very bank And. You brought the cash back. And. That's weird.


They can tell it was theirs. They like, they know their own cash. They Get the vibe, the cash vibe. Okay, the subject line of this email is Halifax explosion. Ghost story slash classic hometown Ooh. Hi Karen And Georgia. I was embarrassingly excited when I heard my hometown of Halifax Nova Scotia mentioned on a recent mini episode covering the Halifax explosion. You were so excited. That, you didn't realize it was a main episode. That I do covered the Halifax explosion. Yeah Yeah, but that's okay. Nearly every haronian as we're referred to, it's either haronian or haronian. But I think it's Elon sounds better. Haronian does sound better. Has their own ghost story to tell.


Perhaps a sighting of two Victorian ladies wandering the staircase of the now restaurant, which once served as the Titanic's morgue. Ooh or That of the gray lady whose spirit roams the Halifax citadel, a former British military fort mourning her lost love. Mm. As you can imagine, there's also a fair share of folklores surrounding the tragic Halifax explosion. Some tales are much too outrageous to be true. But the story I have today, which takes place in one of Halifax's oldest buildings, bears the scars to prove it. This is the mysterious story of the face in the window at St. Paul's Church. Despite being several miles away from the narrows, the windows of the church were blown out at the time of the explosion.


To this day, a piece of original window frame remains in the entryway with a plaque. That reads a relic of the explosion. The most curious relic though is the profile of a man's face. That appears in the window as the story goes. At the exact moment of the explosion, the deacon was standing parallel to a window facing the narrows. The intense heat of the explosion etched his profile on the glass to be seen for all of time. Whoa. There's no earthly reason why, for why. Despite several attempts at replacing And, cleaning the glass, the shadowy silhouette, we appears time, And time again. Almost as if the old building refuses to allow the city to forget the tragic events of That Day.


There are many photos online where the mysterious profile can clearly be seen. What I actually saw it, I looked it up. It's it's big. It's weird. It's weird. Or if you take a walk down Argyle Street, it's very likely you'll catch a glimpse of the figure staring down at you from the upper window of this national historic site. And. That's from Allie. She her. That's creepy. I'm gonna look it up.


If you ever wished you had a mentor guiding you through life And, how great would it be if That mentor was a beloved celebrity? With Masterclass, you can learn from the best to be your best. Masterclass is the only streaming platform where you'll have access to over 200 experts across 13 categories like entertainment, science, And Wellness. For just $10 a month, you'll get an annual membership. And unlimited access to every instructor on your phone, computer, or smart tv. The Masterclass platform is so powerful. 88% of members report feeling like the lessons made a positive impact on their lives. Plus, every new membership comes with a 30 day money back guarantee. Don't wait another moment to start your learning journey with Masterclass I Love Masterclass And. They're always adding new lessons from new instructors. Like right now, James Cameron teaches filmmaking. Annie Leitz teaches photography. I mean like they're two of the greats. Helen Maren teaches acting again, amazing. And. Shonda Rhimes is teaching screenwriting like you can learn from the best here. And. Right now, our listeners will get an additional 15% off any annual membership@masterclass.com slash mfm. That's 15% off at masterclass.com/mfm masterclass.com/mfm.


Goodbye.


If you're a small business owner, you know That. Every sale counts And. With Shopify's point of sale system, you can seamlessly manage your in-store. And Online sales. Turn your sales into Shopify's point of sale system is a unified command center for your retail business. Imagine being able to guarantee That shopping is always convenient. With features like Endless Aisle shipped to customer buy online. And pick up in store. Shopify POS makes it simple for customers to shop how And where they want. Plus, your staff will have the tools they need to close the sale every time. And, let's face it. Acquiring new customers is expensive. With Shopify POS, you can keep existing shoppers coming back with consistent tailored experiences. And first party data, That will give your marketing team a competitive edge. Want more? Check out shopify.com/murder. All lowercase And, learn how to create the best retail experiences without complexity. That's shopify.com/murder. Happy shopping.


Goodbye. My last one's called Trash Dad. Merry-Go-Round incident. Hi ladies. I've been a listener since 2018, written And before, no avail. Love you both. Let's get into it. Half of my life growing up was spent with my dad a few hours outside of Portland, Oregon. Yay. Divorced parents. Every autumn he'd take me, And, my siblings to this farm stand. And, pumpkin patch called Lone Pine Farms. They had everything. Livestock petting, zoos, playgrounds, pumpkin patches, apple picking, et cetera. one of our favorite parts of this event as children was the playground, of course, particularly the little dinky merry-go-Round one particular day, there were a bunch of older kids on the Merry-go-round, but they couldn't get it going as fast as they wanted.


My dad stepped up. He was just a silly guy who wanted to be liked by the kids. They all climbed on And. My dad, the guy That, he is pushed it with all his might until they were spinning uncontrollably. Ooh. Mm. It was all good. And, innocent, fun until I decided I wanted to join in. I was probably five or six at the time. And stepped up beside my dad with pride at how popular he had become among the other kids. It all looked like so much fun. How hard could it be? Just hold on. And, don't let go. Right? But that's not how it went because I was six And. My dad was a little bit imperceptive, so the communication aspect of it was a little bit skewed. Daddy can I get on too. I asked. Hopefully my dad laughed like it was the funniest joke he'd ever heard from his baby daughter.


Ha Yeah. Sure thing. Just grab right on. Not sure if it was obvious to you guys, but sarcasm isn't best used on first graders. No, It doesn't work. I did not find this to be a joke. Believe it or not, without a second thought. I reached out. And grabbed the first bar on the insanely fast moving Merry-go-round, which all the other kids had secured their position on before it started moving. I did not have this luxury one way or another. My grip must have been pretty strong because one second I was on the ground. And the next I had flown at least 10 to 15 feet. According to my dad, Ooh. I ended up being fine. And, I. Think I just had some scrapes. And, bruises on my knees. And elbows, I. Don't have much memory of this.


Thankfully, And mostly just associated it with a funny story my dad tells Sometimes. Truly, I'm the one who always brings it out because he still feels terrible to this day. Love my dad, And. He has learned a lot since this time when he was undoubtedly very stoned. And in his late twenties. So funny to me. That, Yeah. Your parents were stoned sometimes. You know, Yeah Yeah. Oftentimes they were like just had stopped being teenagers. And suddenly we're parents. Totally Stay sexy. And. Don't expect your 6-year-old to understand sarcasm. Lucy, Lucy I have Done That multiple times with children where just like there's no adjustment from me to like making sure That, this child understands what I'm talking about, right?


I. Think maybe we should ask for like sarcasm stories when like sarcasm went wrong. Absolutely. All right. My last story is I won't read you the subject line. It just starts. This is the part where Karen or Georgia says, I'm not gonna read the subject line. That's hilarious. Yeah. I actually didn't pre-read That. Just so everybody knows. That was Ma That was maximum impact. On a road trip from Western Canada to my home on the prairies with my grandma. We were on a classic grandma quote unquote shortcut Ooh. No We were hours behind schedule. And I fell asleep in the backseat. I woke up in the dark. There was a strange man driving the car.


And, dear old Grahams was not moving with her head against the window in the passenger seat. My grandma was an original spiritual guru who led our family of strong women down a spiritual path in a time where Everyone called her crazy for believing in crystals. Incense manifesting. You get the picture. She danced to her own tune. And taught it to all of us. Her loving And, trusting nature, made it impossible for her to leave a person on the side of the road. And. Then in parentheses it says, besides her ex, but that's a story for another time. There are many badass stories I could share about this woman. Like her love story. That was sabotaged by her first cousin or how she picked up her life over And over.


But you'll have to wait for the book. Back to the story of our chauffeur, Gary I started screaming And crying because I'm nine And I watch. C. S I like a religion. So of course I thought she was dead. My grandma woke up. And had to get Gary to pull over so she could console me. We got back in the car, And. Gary continued to drive up to Saskatoon. Saskatoon, sk, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. Saskatchewan, Yeah. He gets out. And says, lady, please don't pick up hitchhiker. And, definitely don't let them drive your car. Wise words indeed. Ooh my God, right? We often teased my grandma about That And. Even through losing her through dementia, she usually remembered Gary And, That adventure.


Stay sexy And. Just embrace your grandma's antics before she's gone. Stay even sexier And. Don't pick up hay hitchhiker And. Definitely don't let them drive. Love, love, love. Kate. I love That, That. Even the hitchhiker himself was like, why did you do this? Even 9-year-old in the backseat. And. And, you fell asleep. And, let me drive. Like, what the fuck? Yeah, everything about this was the wrong decision, right? And. Also, I'm fully benefiting from it. Okay? Right, Right. It just so happens That. I am not a murderer, or at least not tonight. So, right. I'm gonna give you this advice in case someone is, That'd be incredible if, if it was so ridiculous, That, she actually got a murderer to say That to her, or it's like, you know what?


This is so out of pocket. Yeah And. Then years later, We saw his face flash on tv. It was Gary Ridgeway or So home like That Yes. That's Yeah. one other, some other horrible. Gary, if You have a hitchhiking story, shame on you, but you better fucking send it in. That's the only thing That you can do with it at this point is tell us And. Thanks everybody for sharing your stories. And, stay sexy. And. Don't get murdered. Elvis, do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo.


This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com. And. Follow the show on Instagram And. Facebook at my favorite Murder, And on Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.