
This is exactly right. This is the moment I get The Power. The bachelorette is back and the power I'm gonna fall in love Is in Jen's hands And I'm gonna do it my way. A, B, C Mondays. Everything About her is great. I feel so special. Jess look like a queen. My men are very, very hot. Someone call 9 1 1 because you are looking so fire. This is the beginning of a new era, The Bachelorette, all new Mondays eight seven Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


Guys, gals, non-binary pals. Hello, I'm Kurt Brown, Oler And. I'm Banana Boy, number two, Scotty Landis. And we are here to tell you about our hilarious strange News podcast, bananas. Every Week we invite a guest to discuss the strange, fascinating, and just plain bananas news from around the world. The Headlines and weird news are lighthearted, unexpected, but always so, so fun. Like The British man who ran a four hour marathon while drinking 25 glasses of wine, great Guests, lots of comedy, we would love to have you join us. So don't miss our new episodes of Bananas every Tuesday. Follow bananas wherever you get your podcasts. Bananas, banana.


Hey listener, Karen and Georgia here. And do we have a summertime treat for you? Kate Winkler. Dawson is back with brand new episodes of her True Crime Talk show, wicked Words. Each week, journalists, historian and host Kate Winkler. Dawson interviews incredible filmmakers, writers, and podcasters about the true crime cases they know best. These are the stories behind the stories. So stay tuned at the end of this mini. So to hear the trailer for Wicked Words with Kate Winkler Dawson, And check out new episodes of Wicked Words every Monday, wherever you get your podcasts. Goodbye.


Hello, Hello And. Welcome. To my favorite. Murder The mini. So the mini. So See what I mean? That's what I meant when We do it really fast. Oh, like say it actually fast. Say 'cause it's the mini. So we say the whole intro fast. Let's try it again. Okay. Hello, Hello. And. welcome. To my favorite Murder to My. favorite Murder the mini. So, Oh, we're sing it together. We You say that. Sorry. You're right. Sorry. Okay. I messed it up. Okay. It's Like. I was, it was Speed Over. Yeah. Lines. Yeah. Okay, Ready? Here we go. Hello, Hello And. welcome. To. welcome. To my favorite. Murder. No, now we're not doing together. Well, we say and welcome together.


Or I say No, we Don and welcome. Yeah. And. I. Say to My favorite Murder. You know what? And You say the mini. So I'm actually not even interested in what we say or how we say it If we don't leave every part of that in. Are is, are we? Oh yeah. Are we even like being genuine Quality content? Yeah. Are we even real at all? Do we ever tell the truth? I feel like our gatekeeping podcasting and we don't leave all of that in. I think we're gatekeeping fucking up all the time. All right, so it's settled. We're leaving it in. We're leaving It all in. Ah, You wanna go first? Sure. This first email says Episode 4 26, Hindenburg secondhand Hometown.


Oh, Shit. Yes. Right. Keep them coming. Okay. It just starts. I email you yearly. Fingers crossed. This one gets picked. Wow. The tenacity. Thank you. The weekend after listening to episode 4 26, when, where Karen covered the Hindenburg disaster, I visited my 100-year-old grandpa who lives in Toms River and worked in Lakehurst. Ooh. 100 year. Hell Yeah. Accepted Jane Cent. Cent Arian. A hundred years. That's huge. Incredible. Happy birthday. Grandpa. His family moved from Brooklyn to Lakehurst when he was a kid, but I couldn't remember when. Exactly. So I asked him where he was when the Hindenburg crashed.


As he tells it, his neighbor, Joe Peterson, was looking out the window drinking a glass of water. When he saw the explosion, Joe and his wife may drove over to pick up my grandfather and his parents to bring them to the crash site. My grandfather, his parents and their neighbors watched it burn, and my grandfather remembers a man with a flower in his lapel coming up to their party. And then in parentheses it says group and it says, and telling them in a daze that he had tickets to ride the blimp. So basically, remember it was landing. Yeah. Because it was supposed to take off again. Yeah. So that guy stood there waiting to get on that thing. Oh my God. And then watched it explode. During the months after the explosion, my grandfather would bike past the crash site on the way to the local swimming hole and pick up pieces of the hindenberg.


Oof. Wow. His memory at 100 is better than mine at 40. I get It. So true. And I left in the part where he explained party means group because it was part of his retelling. Oh. My grandfather didn't start telling us stories until his mid eighties, and he never thinks they're particularly interesting. He's a World War II vet and has a cigar box full of pictures from the war, including the aftermath of Hiroshima, which he saw firsthand. Ah. So this person, was it Hiroshima? Oh my God. And the explosion of the Hindenburg, like what are the odds? Historic person.


He has an incredibly detailed memory of his life from a very young age, but again, didn't find it worth discussing until we discovered the pictures and asked about it. Oh, you've gotta ask you guys. And then it just says, stay sexy. Liz. Liz, 40-year-old Liz and her a hundred year old grandpa. I would love more stories if you have them and if you can get him, I would too. A hundred year old grandpa telling his stories, and we get to tell them secondhand on this podcast. I wish this podcast was going on with my grandma who lived to be 104 was still alive because her stories from escaping Russia are epic. I think I have them somewhere, but yeah.


Did She have an accent? She had something wrong with her vocal chords, so she talked really ly and in a very high little, so you couldn't really tell, but she could speak Yiddish for sure. Oh, okay. So she didn't have a Russian accent. No Russian accent. So she had assimilated. 'cause was she a kid when she came to America? Yeah, that she was like a teenager by the time she came to la. So she was like a, you know preteen when she came to Yeah. America. Wow. Yeah. Oh, man, that would be, I mean, I've tried to secretly record my dad. That's Illegal. Illegal in California. It is. It's illegal. It's actually, it impolite and a light and a, a real breach of privacy because he tells great stories, but he's just like the frog in the box from that cartoon where the second you're like gather round everybody.


He doesn't, he won't do it. This is not an ad. In fact, they haven't had an ad with us for a while. But StoryWorth that we did ads for a while back. Oh, yeah. Where you send someone story prompts and they write them. Really did help my dad write out a lot of things that I wouldn't have known about him. That's Cool. Okay. This story is like a great example of one of the reasons I've always been obsessed with hometowns. Like this is a classic someone's hometown story. Nice. This one's called Tragic Fate of a Forgotten Childhood Item. Hi friends. I'm writing to tell you a story about the tragic fate of a long forgotten childhood item.


As a millennial daughter of boomer parents, one of my perennial tasks is to help my mom organize and scan the thousands of printed photos stored in unorganized Rubbermaid tubs in her attic. One day while sorting through images of my early childhood, I stumbled across a sweet picture of my brother And I squeezed into a brightly colored Mickey Mouse themed sleeping bag immediately hit with a wave of nostalgia for an item I had totally forgotten existed. I asked my mom, whatever happened to that thing. I loved it. My mom looked at the photo, took a beat, and replied, oh, it went to the girl who fell. And then it starts with the story. Just 10 minutes away from my childhood home in Anchorage, Alaska, there's a park slash highway rest stop called McCue Creek.


It's basically eclipse side with spectacular views of Cook Inlet just outside the city limits. The thing about Alaska, even in the big city of Anchorage, is that civilization gives way to the wild with little transition. This park is a perfect example of this. As kids, we used to scramble over rocky hills dodging bear poop, and spent porcupine quills, oh, with the audible hum of the busy highway just beneath us. The focal point of this park is a waterfall, which flows into a rocky pool. One day in the mid 1990s, we went to McHugh Creek for a picnic with my grandparents who were visiting from outta state. There was a group of teenagers, two boys and a girl who were climbing over the park, barriers around the waterfall.


My mom, a seventh grade public school teacher, told them to mine the park signage. But as teenagers are want to do, they declined. An hour or so later as we were eating our picnic lunch, we heard a terrible cascading scream, the kind of guttural sound that can't be faked. The teenagers who had hopped the park barriers were climbing up the rocks next to the waterfall. The two boys made it up to the top, but the young woman slipped. She fell 20 feet down into the rocky pool below. Even in Alaskan summer, the water would've been frigid as other park goers raced to pull her from the water. My dad ran back to our car and grabbed anything that might help, including our beloved Mickey Mouse sleeping bag.


My dad and grandpa helped get her up to the road where the paramedics could reach her, and my dad unable to do anything else, wrap the sleeping bag around her. My mom says, the image of the ambulance doors closing on this poor girl draped in her kid's sleeping bag is seared in her memory. Well, I can find no record of this event online. My mom remembers reading in the local paper that she died a day or two later in the hospital. Oh, We all do reckless things as teenagers, and it's sobering to think that one decision, one slip one day at the park could have such devastating consequences. Yep. Now, raising a daughter of my own, I can only hope that our little Mickey Mouse sleeping bag provided that girl with some ounce of warmth and comfort.


Stay sexy and mind the park signage. kp Also, that was it's kps hometown, right? Yeah. KP was there for it. No, her mom. Well, yeah. She was like, she was at the park because The family was having so Yeah, she doesn't remember it, Right? So she's little enough kid. But if she was older, it's firsthand experience of death, even though it's like, it's not your grandma because she is old. It's not this reason that makes sense. It's like sudden shocking young person. Everyone's panicking. No one knows what to do until the ambulance gets there. Like huge effect.


Well, I think it's also for us, her mom's point of view of the story, and her mom has kept that story in her for so long and never thought to share it. And yeah, I don't know. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's tragic. So sad.


You know, I really hate small talk. When I'm meeting someone new, I like to get right to the important questions like, are you a sweaty sleeper? Or how often do you wash your sheets? So important. And if you're a miracle made customer, these aren't scary questions. That's because Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by nasa. You guys, they use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating. Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat leading to acne allergies and stuffy noses. Miracle Made offers a whole line of antibacterial bedding that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth. So I love this concept because listen, all my animals sleep in my bed with me. It gets messy even though I wash my sheets every week and it also gets sweaty. So having this antibacterial option and something that keeps me cooler at night is so awesome for me. So go to try miracle.com/murder to try Miracle Made Sheets, whether you buy them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one. If you order today, you can save over 40%, and if you use Code Murder at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20%. Oh my God. Miracle is so confident in their product that they offer a 30 day money back guarantee. If you aren't 100% satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/murder and use code murder to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40%. Again, that's try miracle.com/murder to treat yourself. Thank you. Miracle made for sponsoring this episode. Goodbye.


Okay, well I'm gonna take us on a left turn right now. Great. Because the subject line of this email is my grandpa robbed his own bank. Hello all, longtime listener. First time hitting, send on an emailer. I've started many emails, but this one is my current favorite. So it's going off into cyberspace and hopefully landing on a future episode. Hey, congratulations. Hi. It's Future us talking to past you saying congratulations. Currently, I come from a shortish bloodline of bankers. My mom's dad retired from banking after working his way up through the ranks. My mom retired a few years ago after nearly 40 years in banking, and I'm currently chugging along with a whopping seven years in the industry.


I currently do marketing, but also help out regularly on the front lines as a teller. Luckily, my only interesting stories aren't that interesting. And, I've had a pretty uneventful teller career thus far. I thought I knew my family's stories too, but recently learned that that isn't the case. Last week, my mom stopped by my branch, And I was showing her our new fancy toy, the cash recycler, and then in parentheses it says, it's the machine you might find behind the teller that spits out the cash rather than keeping a bunch in your drawer helps with safety, accuracy, speed, et cetera. Interesting. Yeah, we were talking shop and as a former compliance and risk manager, she brought up security and what we do in case of robbery.


And then she says, you know, your grandpa used to test that as his job. Was he a secret bank shopper? Bank robber. Yeah, but like secret shopper. Oh My God. Okay. Told me Everything. He's, you know what he is, is a a secret bank robber Shopper. Sorry. Sorry. I was stupid. No, thank you. Then she drops the figurative bomb figurative isn't the parentheses that in the seventies, eighties, to ensure that staff was following proper robbery protocol. My grandpa would dress up as a robber in all caps and go pretend to rob his own bank. No Think fire drill, but for robberies.


No. And not just kindly walk in with a sweet note all caps. He was armed. And to absolutely no one's surprised when hearing this. He even had the cops called on him like by his own coworkers who were probably scared for their lives. Mm. Can you imagine being a sweet 17-year-old working your summer job at the local bank when someone comes in guns, a blazen demanding all your money just for it to be old Arden, making sure you didn't give it all away. And then it just says, Oof. Oh my God. They don't let 17 year olds be tellers, do they? I bet they do. I mean, they must. 'cause this is a banking family writing this email. Sure.


I'm learning this information on the teller line of my own bank with my coworkers. Not anytime in the previous 36 years of my life. And of course my mom waited until after my grandpa died, so I can't even fact check. I have so many questions. Right? Yeah. Because they just referred to it as their bank. Yes. Meaning the bank that she works at. Right. Because I, for a second thought that this was from just a really rich person that's like my grandpa had a bank and so he was testing. Yeah. But he just worked at The bank. He just worked there. It wasn't his bank. The amount of people who could and should have been shot in these stories is ridiculous.


I think the only reason that people didn't get shot more back then is 'cause most people were drunk during the day. They had gone to a wonderful liquid lunch. They had their cigarettes to calm them down. So like a bank robber is no big deal. Yeah. Just Smoking. Oh my God. The cherry on the top, at least to me, is that my grandpa was known by everyone he knew. As a very kind, caring gentleman with a strong faith, I got into trouble for saying, dang. In front of my parents. Oh shit. Don't tell them about this podcast. Oh fuck. You cannot let anybody in your family listen to this podcast. I don't know why that makes.


Dang. Is such an old word. Dang that no one says anymore, but I do I think we should? I think dang. Needs to come back. For sure. Dang, I need to readjust my mindset too. Just a simple dang mindset. Yeah, but oh dang. And darn it. I like a darn it too. Oh. So the sentence is, I got in trouble for saying, dang in front of my grandparents while grandpa was at work traumatizing Roberta and making George shit himself at two 30 on a Tuesday. Oh my God. I love the olden days. Right. And then it says, well, that's my story. My family is relatively non newsworthy. And then in parentheses not complaining. So I'll be writing Hi on this one for a while.


Stay sexy and maybe don't try to rob your coworkers. Aaron. Aaron, you fucking found the magic What? The magic. The magic sauce of hometowns. Yeah. Which was just as much the one you told, which is the heavy sorrowful. And yet what we like to talk about side. And then we come in with some grandpa icing to just be like, life contains multitudes. Yeah. Some grandpa, like 1970s, eighties shenanigans. Yeah. Just, did he wear a mask? Did he wear a balaclava on his fucking face? Like a straight up robber? What kind of gun? What? Who? Whose plan was this?


I think we want, I'm gonna ask for stories that were shenanigans in from the past, like pre-internet. That couldn't happen. Now that's what we, yeah. We want stories that, that are, are you kidding me? That couldn't happen. Now let's say you're, you're sitting in the way back seat of the car with no seatbelt. Like that's a regular thing that happened. Like we wanna tell the kids like how lucky we are that we survived to this day. Yes, For sure. Like, and that basically the world we live in now is because people started suing the fuck out of each other. And then everyone went, oh, we can't Don. Don't do that. Stop doing it. Yeah. You can't smoke at the gas station while you're waiting for your gas, your tank to fill up. Which is one of my earliest childhood memories.


My God, everything's so fucked. Watching my mom light a cigarette and roll the window up as we were waiting for the gas to get filled Up. Vince won't even let me roll my window down when we're at the gas station and he's putting gas in the car or get outta the car. Like he has strict rules of like, He's just like, stay here. Well, he's just like, this could start a fire. That could start a fire. He thinks everything could start a fire. You're not supposed to use your phone when you're pumping gas. Did you know that? Yes. I've heard that. I had a friend who, well, right when everyone got addicted to phones, that became a real problem. Right. Because it was like, is this true or is this just internet lore? And then it'd be like, I'm doing it anyway. Yeah. But it truly could. It truly could. Right. I don't know about phones these days, but yeah.


Anyways. Have You seen those videos of the guys, like in a mini mart where their phone explodes in their pocket Or their vape pen? Fuck that. Okay. This is a crazy episode. Yeah, it is. This one's called Per My Last email. It's kind of, it's along, but it's about the mob. So we're Okay. Great. It Says, look, listen, you look fantastic. Per my last email, I have a fairly decent story for you about my uncle in the mob. You asked for it. So here it is. I think this is someone who maybe was on the podcast before and they were like, let me know if you wanna hear about the, we were like, yes.


Yes. Tell us about that. That actually might be per my last email. Like why? Which great. And but then also anybody starting per my last email as if they're like, I'm just gonna keep sending these to you. You until you read it. Yeah. I love it all. But Yeah, it's good energy. Okay. Per my last email, I have a fairly decent story for you about my uncle in the mob. You asked for it. So here it is. All names have been changed to protect the well. All names have been changed. Get it. 'cause there's no one to send. In the early eighties. My great uncle Frito. Wow. Frito is FRE Fredo. F Fredo. That's What Frito Frito lays. I know. I was like, huh.


Yeah. In the early eighties, my great uncle Fredo died. He was the very Sicilian uncle of my father, therefore making him my great uncle as opposed to a great uncle, which he was not. We went to his visitation and funeral and the following chaos ensued due to the fact that this was a Sicilian funeral. The room was full of very dramatic crying women, hairy men and wildly unattended children. Yay. Eighties. While I and my siblings were running around the funeral home and drinking powdered chicken soup from the coffee machine. You fucking remember powdered chicken soup. Oh my God. Yes. Did you just taste it? The cup drops. Yes. The water goes the powder.


I mean, was that it or was it pre in the cup? No, I think you're right. I think it dropped powdered chicken soup. They made chicken soup like coffee kind of. Sorry. We were into bone broth before it was fucking trendy. Sorry. It was protein. It was 30 grams of protein and It was all the salt for the week that you needed. And it was amazing. Such delicious chicken soup. Lovely. It's mostly enjoyed at hospitals. Yeah. And So glad that was brought up. Like That's insane. This, these are the details that get you read on this podcast. Yeah. A very solemn woman and her adult children entered the room when my great aunt Dottie saw them. She all caps lost her mind in a full on panic.


She told family members that this woman and her children had to leave immediately. She went bananas until they left. Dottie was not a nice person either, by the way. And then it's, here's the story. Uncle Fredo worked for a crime family in Milwaukee, which was part of the Chicago outfit of the mafia. He was in charge of quote, coin operated devices like jukeboxes and vending machines and collected money for the mob. Mm. Isn't that funny? Like when you see parking meter, people taking the money, like it's just like, yeah, those people used to be from the mob. The idea that you go into vending machines. Yeah. Like that for a lot of people back in that time. Yeah. Probably the whatever, the forties to the Sure.


Nineties. Yeah. That's like I'm the heiress to the vending machine fortune to the powdered chicken soup vending machine fortune. Oh my God. He also served as an enforcer when necessary. And that says very troubling as any good mobster, he was leading a double life. The woman and children forced to leave the funeral were his wife and children, not his ex-wife. Wife as in he had two wives and two families. Oh. The wives knew about each other, but Dottie did not tell her children, adult children, anything about their other family. So when they arrived, she forced them to leave all caps their fathers funeral because she didn't want her children to know.


She'd been lying to them their entire lives. You'd think there'd have been two separate funerals. Right? Or How about the wives, since they know about each other get together and absolutely go, how are we gonna handle this? Yes. Yours first. Yes. Your solution first. I guess mine is giving everybody a huge benefit of the doubt that they could even have a sit down. Sure. It doesn't sound like it, but holy Shit. In case you're wondering, Fredo died under suspicious circumstances that were never resolved. But I've been given no further details on that. Dottie died years later of natural causes and her children still have no idea about the other family. They were both truly assholes, she says.


I was gonna say, but now with the advent of 23 and me, they probably know a lot that's happening to so many people. Their Children's children absolutely are gonna put it together. Yeah. Secret Family Expose is what they should name that company instead. 23 and me On a side note, thank you for all that you do to promote awareness of mental health issues, championing women's causes and being your true authentic selves all the time. Oh, I mean, it's not easy. Thank You for creating this community and providing your voice for so many who can no longer speak for themselves. What you do is so much more than entertainment. Please never forget that. Oh my God. Oh shit. I'm getting, I think I have to go get some powdered chicken soup.


Oh my God. And be by myself. Oh my God. Stay sexy and don't be an asshole. Marie, my name is changed to She her Marie. I love her. She's fun. Per my last email, Bri Marie, amazing job. Marie. Marie. And she like took a name from the podcast. Like that's the middle name you give everyone. That's my, because you can say it like Marie. You can say it like a New York lady. Karen Marie k Gareth. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good solid one. Yeah. Wow. That was incredible. A plus plus I, it's so funny though, because isn't that just the way where it's an incredible story of, you know, secret families and all the different things in the mafia, but really the star of that email was powdered chicken soup dis vending machine.


Yeah. I mean, it's hard to top that ever literally with anything. 'cause it congeals. 'cause there's so much salt in It. Do you do not wanna put anything on top? No croutons.


You know, you really never forget the horrors of dating, like driving to someone's place with terrible parking. Just to talk to someone who you instantly know isn't right for you. There's no solution for dating. But thankfully there's a solution for finding the right Doctor. Zocdoc connects you with experts who will be that perfect match. Zocdoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in-network doctors. Choose the right one for your needs and click to instantly book an appointment. We're talking about in-network appointments with more than a hundred thousand healthcare providers across every specialty, from mental health to dental health, eyecare to skincare, and much more. zocdoc makes it easy to search for specialists. You can even filter by insurance provider, which is so cool. All the doctors will be browsing, have verified patient reviews because who doesn't love a good recommendation? Plus Zocdoc appointments happen fast. Typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking. You can even score same day appointments as someone who relies on reviews to find random doctors. And like who knows what that's gonna get you. It could be anyone leaving those reviews. The fact that Zocdoc has verified patient reviews is huge to me. Like this is my new go-to whenever I need a new specialist. So stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to zoc doc.com/murder to find and instantly book a top rated doctor today. That's ZOCD c.com/murder. Zoc doc.com/murder. Goodbye.


The subject line of this one is just let the 12 year old drive a ho hoy murder. Friends, I've been meaning to write this story in since a mini sewed featuring a literal child playing designated driver reminded me of this family story. I don't know the number. Guess it doesn't matter. I digress. Whenever my family's around the table at Thanksgiving, Christmas, et cetera, someone inevitably brings up the time my great aunt and uncle let my 12-year-old aunt drive to the coast. This was before my time. So while I've heard bits and pieces of it over the years, I finally asked my mom what the real deal was. Apparently when my aunt was about 12, her aunt and uncle let her drive the car.


But not across the church parking lot like my cousin And I were allowed to do at that age. Oh, no. Dear Vader, they let her drive almost 60 miles between our small hometown and the Gulf Coast. This is what I want. This is what I want. Can you fucking imagine if that happened today? Couldn't be done today. Hijinx shenanigans. You called it Shenanigans. Oh my God. And then it says 60 miles on the highway at 12. 12. Right Now, you might be taking guesses as to the time period of this particular story. Uhoh, was it the seventies, the eighties? Nope, it was the nineties. The very early nineties. But still, Yeah.


Yeah. For years. The anecdote was that they let her drive to the coast. But according to my mom, they actually let her drive home from the coast. This distinction has led me to conclude that my dear aunt and uncle likely had a few drinks in whatever revelry that they got up to with a 12-year-old in tow. And then decided it was probably better Just to let her dry. Couple of my ties on the coast, on the Gulf Coast. They let her keep the umbrellas, the little umbrellas that was in there. That was her payment. Yeah. Put it behind your ear. Put it behind your ear. It just reminds me because when I was 12, my parents left me and my sister home alone. 'cause Laura was 14 and the first thing I did after they left was drive the car.


And my sister was so angry. And I was so excited except for I pulled it out of our driveway. Yeah. And drove down the street and then had to make what was probably a 30 point turn in my, our next door neighbor. The Worthington's. Oh, grandma's driveway. Who? Total nerds on The others? No, no, no. Noni watched me. 'cause she lived in a mobile home next to the family home. Right. So it was like the family. And then their grandma was next Door. Oh my Nonie. I love her Noni. And she had a long kind of driveway with a real angle to it. And. I had to do my 25 point turn using this. So when I would go forward, I would go. I couldn't see the street in front of me.


Oh my God. Like it was bad. I did it as badly as I could. She watched the whole thing and never told Hell yeah. She knows because She was the greatest woman. She was the greatest woman. She's no fucking narc. No, she's not a narc. Sorry. I called her a narc. 'cause she's no fucking narc. No, That's not, it's not her. Can we do grandparents? Not narcing on you as a story too. Okay. Yes. Grandparents keeping your secret. Yeah. Of being on your side as opposed to their own children because they Hate their own children. Let's be realistic. Anyway, point being. Yeah. It was so scary to drive 50 yards. Yeah. And this 12-year-old drove 60 miles on the freeway. Oh. With her drunk aunt and uncle.


Okay. And then it says, I mean, I guess good on them for not drinking. Yes. Actually. I mean Sure. Sure. Okay. And then it says, on a more personal note, I'll echo all of the many sentiments passed on by other murdery knows about the community you've built and the lessons you've taught us. While I'm not a day one listener, you two have been in my ear for years getting me through, earning my PhD. Wow. Congratulations on that. And the nightmare. That is the academic job market. And then it just says, stay sexy and maybe just have an adult designated driver. And then it's the initial C. She her. Oh my God. That's amazing. That was amazing. Amazing. Thank you. C.


Wow. I feel like Aandra. Did you like write the last paragraph of each of these telling us that we're doing good things? Because shit's been really fucking hard lately. Like shit's been a little fucking graph lately in this And I just looked at the last one I'm reading and it says something nice and I'm like, Alandra guys. I wrote all of these and she's just gonna edit it out. We're being very thoroughly produced right in this time period. People are trying to get us through. Appreciate You. Appreciate You. Leave that all in by the way. Okay. Treasure from beyond. Get ready to cry. Okay. This is my last story. Hi, Karen, Georgia and all the exactly right crew.


I have many stories I could tell you, but this one is recent and close to my heart. My mom passed away last week after several weeks on hospice. I had gone home for the night that after my dad called me with the news, I went back to my parents' house so I could wait with my dad for their mortician to come collect her body. My dad, And I, were both devastated, but he is a retired first responder and I'm a middle school theater teacher. So we both have a tendency to be practical in an emergency. Yep. After we said our goodbyes to my mom, we started clearing some furniture and things out of the way for the morticians so the gurney would fit. We had folded the ironing board. And. I was trying to find a clear surface to set down the iron.


When I saw just enough room on one of my mom's bookshelves, as I put the iron down, a book caught my eye. The complete language of flowers. Even though we were in the middle of something, And I have no interest in gardening. I had an overwhelming desire to pick it up and look through it. TikTok would say, I have A-D-H-D-A Hundred percent But, I Think Something or someone else was prompting me because as soon as I picked up the book, a card my mom had written to my dad fell out. Even though they lived in the same house, my mom would sometimes mail my dad cards so he would have something fun to open in between bills.


Oh, That's so sweet. That's love. That's Love. She had addressed it, but never stamped it or sent it. It was dated August, 2020 and it read something like this. Hi darling. What a month it's been. I hope you get a good feeling from this card. I love you today, tomorrow, and always. I absolutely believe the small series of events was not a coincidence. It was my mom giving my dad a moment of comfort at such an awful time. My mom never failed to let us know how much she loved us even after she had taken her last breath. Oh. Or here's Alejandra's part. Thanks for all you do. Your podcast has brought me comfort and laughs through many difficult times over the last several years.


Someday I'll send you some of my dad's crazy tales from his days as a highway patrolman. Yes. Please. In the meantime, stay sexy and know that you are loved. Lisa. She her, Lisa. Lisa. God, we're Having our, we're having a hard time already. We don't need the fucking sweetest hometown we've ever read. But also to turn around so quickly after you went through something like that to tell us a thing. Yeah. That you got to experience That was so beautiful. Like thank you for that. That's very generous of you. Yeah. And also, I a hundred percent believe that your mom was like, look at that book.


I forgot that I left that card there. Definitely. Absolutely. Or I did. I knew I left that card there. Yeah. You know? So good. You know what that reminds me of Georgia is you gave me and my sister one of the nicest gifts one year, which was, I think it maybe it was the year anniversary or maybe it was Christmas after the first year my mom died. Yeah. It was just a little frame and it was my mom's signature. So it's like off of a card I think or something. It said, love mom. Yeah. And every time I look at that, it's like when it's your mom's writing. Yeah. It's your mom. Yeah. 'cause it's that is there. That's them. Mine would be xo. xo. 'cause they sign it the same way your entire fucking life.


Yes. And that penmanship and like it's so personal. Yeah. I just so relate to how much that must have meant. Yeah. Because it's like it's the closest she could have been. Yeah. Your sister helped me with that. You can get it on Etsy. And I. Think it's such a great personalized gift. For sure. So lovely. So lovely. Yeah. So personal. Yeah. Well, all right. I'm done having all these feelings. This is, this is just supposed to be a job. God dammit. This Is just a job I wanna clock out now. Okay. You know how stay sexy and don't get murdered. We do know how we Do. Oh, goodbye.


Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


This is Kate Winkler Dawson, host of the True Crime Talk show, wicked Words, where I interview journalists, podcasters, and authors about the fascinating behind the scenes stories from their investigations into the world of true crime. These are the stories behind the stories coming up on Wicked Words. I talked to prolific crime writer Patricia Cornwell, about her book Portrait of a Killer Jack The Ripper Case closed, where she reexamines the evidence, documents and records surrounding this infamous Victorian era case. Veteran journalist Raina Peterson tells me her story of a brazen uncatchable jewel thief who tiptoed through the homes of Dallas's High society during the swinging sixties. Her 2024 book, the King of Diamonds investigates How this thief alluded Police and the FBI for more than a decade. And I chat with award-winning journalist and podcast host, Mandy Matney, whose unflinching investigation of the murder all murders sheds light on one of South Carolina's most powerful and corrupt political figures. So join me and a new special guest every week for Wicked Words, where we take a deep dive into the stories where behind the stories Wicked Words premieres on Monday, July 1st on exactly right with new episodes every Monday. Follow Wicked Words wherever you get your podcasts.


This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sci. Email your hometowns to my favorite Murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite Murder and on Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.