
This is exactly right. I am journalist Becky Milligan, host of The Butterfly King, a World War II murder mystery podcast on exactly right. It's a cruel tale of a doomed royal dynasty when King Boris of Bulgaria dies. Suddenly in 1943, every nation is a suspect. Join me as I unravel 80 years of lies and coverups to get to the truth. Who killed The Butterfly King? Binge all eight episodes of The Butterfly King available now wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, Hello And. welcome, To. my favorite, Murder, The mini sode. Can you imagine that? There's our new, there It is our new tagline. Imagine That. Imagine that. And then for some reason, the more you know, star comes up And we are the spokes models. Hi. Half of them know what that means. The other half is too young. Absolutely do not. Do you wanna go first this time? Yes. This one is, I think my cat is in witness protection. Oh, And. I. Really love this one. Hi, Karen and Georgia and everyone else that contributes to this amazing podcast. My ex introduced me to your podcast in 2020, and I've been listening ever since.


I've thought about writing and many times about various topics you've asked for over the years. My ex always told me that my stories weren't good enough to send in. Oh, dude, how would you know? Yeah. Like, what do you fucking know about? Yeah. How do you, how would you fucking know? And guess What? Look what I'm fucking reading right now. Look What got picked For the first fucking story of the episode. Out of thousands. Thousands, thousands. Thousands. And then it says, now that I've been in therapy and I'm working on my confidence, a big part because of your willingness to talk so openly about mental health. Yay. I figured writing in was a really good step. Eh, eh, eh. Love it. Look at you. Fuck. You did it. You tried it and it worked. We're Here for you.


Bottle service. Okay. Back in February of this year, I began searching for a cat to adopt as our cat. Cheeto needed a playmate and refused to play with our dog. No matter how much our dog tries. Oh, dog's trying to play with cats and they won't let them. It like breaks my heart on the internet, you know? And so I was scanning some rescue pages. I found the cutest litter of kittens that were white slash black slash gray with the most beautiful spots. I immediately reached out to begin the application process. After the application was approved. A wonderful woman that was fostering the kittens reached out to ask if on top of one of their kittens, if we would like to adopt their mom, who had been bonded to the kitten we wanted. We said, of course, because why not have three cats in an 80 pound dog in an apartment?


Yep. More the merrier. Get 'em in There. You're my People. Shove them in. The foster woman then proceeded to tell us that the reason the mom cat wasn't listed on their website is because her previous owner was trying to find her to get her back. Now, you're probably thinking what I was thinking. Why wouldn't you give the cat back to the owner if they wanted it so bad? Well, it turns out all the cats had been removed from the house when the owner was arrested and charged with murder. Oh, yep. This man murdered someone, and they are pretty sure that our cat's watched it happen. Oh, no. The cat's owner was then given a plea deal to flip on his roommate, who I guess was more guilty. I don't know how that works, but due to the plea deal, the owner was out free and wanted his cat back.


The badass rescue lady said, absolutely not as this man had a mile long list of violent crimes and was clearly neglecting these cats. She said when the mom cat first came to her, she weighed only five pounds and was only a year and a half old and already having a litter of kittens. Oh, no. Also, the only reason he wanted the mom back was because she was a Bengal, which can be worth a lot of money, and he wanted to keep breeding her to sell the kittens. Horrifying. Thankfully, she is neutered and now is living her best life. The rescue lady did warn us, however, to avoid posting pictures of her, especially with her kitten for a while, just in case. Yeah. I know this email's already long, but I just wanted to say a big thank you to the two of you for all that you do.


I can honestly say that you have changed my life and helped me get out of a bad relationship. Oh my God. I just celebrated my one year anniversary with my wife and have now gotten her to start listening as well. Yay. Nice. Let me know if you wanna hear about the previous tenants of my apartment being in, hiding from the police, how my mother traumatized my older brother with the Easter Bunny being an intern for a judge in criminal court. The time the SWAT team knocked on my parents' door, or the Christmas Eve attempted murder that started my love of True Crime. Stay sexy Sam. She her, Sam, it's your job to send in all of those stories. I thought you understood what your, it's our job to read them. It's your job to continually write them in LMK.


If you wanna hear all my other stories. Yeah. This is us Lmk and you to everyone that we do. Yeah. We're letting you No, right now. The answer's yes. All right. Subject line of this email is Israel Keys was my next door neighbor. No. Hi, friends. On episode 46, skippers Unite. You covered my nextdoor neighbor Israel Keys, kind of. That's the one I didn't finish. Oh, I don't if I don't remember. They don't remember. It was Like. I didn't finish my homework, and then I just read it, and then it was kind of, it was not good. Episode 46. You know, early days. Early days. I had two jobs. Okay. Anyway.


That's right. I grew up in Anchorage, Alaska, and out of all the 700,000 people in the largest state in the us, my neighbor just so happened to be a serial killer. Thanks, mom. Just kidding. I love her. Okay. We always invited him over for our little neighborhood, get togethers and parties out. Oddly enough, he would never show up. It's not odd. My mom found that a little odd because out of every neighbor on the street, he was the only one who would never come. My stepdad loved to talk to him about his crab apple tree. For some weird reason, stepdad, Stepdad, like stopping a serial killer to talk about his crab apple tree that he doesn't give a shit about. He's like standing with his arms crossed at the end of the driveway.


Like I. See, I see you pring that tree over there. It's looking pretty good compared to last year. You're Gonna wanna get some fertilizer and the Oh my God. And he's literally staring into the eyes, like in a horror movie when the eyes are completely black. Yeah. Like completely. And then he is like, anyway, crab apples. Bye. Talk to you later. Oh my God. Okay, go On. And we would take him raspberries from our raspberry bush. Oh. We never had an inkling that anything was off about him since he was pretty nice to us. We just thought he was quiet and kept to himself. That's kind of the, the resounding chorus of all serial killer interactions. Yeah. 'cause they are apex predators. Yeah. They do not show the danger on the outside.


Sure. They acclimate to whatever their surroundings are too. So nobody questions 'em. He's just a regular guy in Anchorage. That's right. He knew exactly how to be that. The crab apple tree. I'll never forget when they started figuring out it was him, though. My friend, And I were hanging out upstairs after school when the SWAT team showed up and surrounded his house. This was before they found him in Texas, but it was still terrifying to watch firsthand. My friend, And I were glued to the window overlooking his house while I was on the phone with my mom screaming, there are men with guns surrounding the neighbor's house. Holy Shit. She thought I was lying to get her home sooner, since I was a snotty little teenager at the time.


And I had been getting caught sneaking out quite a bit. So she never believed anything. I said, mm. She responded with, honey, that's not funny. I'll be home in an hour and hung up on me. When she got home, she was met by several police officers at our front door questioning her about our neighbor. Needless to say, she felt pretty bad about not believing me. Yeah, Mom. And that's the message of this whole email. Believe you are teenagers, Stay sexy and don't trust your neighbors, Madison. Oh my God. Madison, how? Why have you waited eight and a half years to send the most classic fucking hometown I've Ever heard? Madison? I feel like you know, the reason is because Madison was probably 11 when this podcast started.


Yeah, that's what, that's the vibe I'm Getting. No, no, no. She was in high school when Israel Keys got caught. What year did he get caught? I think that's two thousands early. Two thousands. Yeah. I think that's a guess. Okay. All right. I'm gonna give her a pass on this one. Let's pass her on this one. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Wow. Right. Yeah. Very, very.


Do you have any subscriptions that you keep forgetting to cancel? Thousands. So hypothetically, let's say you sign up for a Pickle of the Month Club 'cause you're up late one night and love Pickles. I'm following everything that you're saying right now, Georgia. It makes perfect Sense. I know. Right? And then six months later though there's no room in your fridge because you've been bombarded with pickles and wasted hundreds of dollars. If You've found yourself in this pickle, you can use Rocket Money to take control of your financial life. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. Once You sign up, your expenses are imported into a dashboard where you can monitor your spending and implement habits to meet your financial goals. With Rocket Money, you can view all your subscriptions in one place. If you spot something you no longer need, you can easily cancel it with just a few taps. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions, saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Damn. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket money.com/murder. That's rocket money.com/murder. Rocket Money.com/murder.


Good day. Okay. This one's called Murder Home Suite. Murder Home. It Is confusing and it just starts, here we go. In 1962, when I was 1-year-old, my family moved into what would become my childhood home. It was built in the mid 18 hundreds or so and showed its age, but me and my three older siblings loved it. After we moved in the town, historian let us know the home's history. Oh my God. You know, the town's historian is just like some dude who fucking lives there and With a very waxed mustache. Yeah, yeah. Bowler hat. Straw hat. Right, right. He's like a, a laser pointer to, to show you parts, you know?


But he, but he is not. But what does he, okay, But what does he do actually? Is he, because he, how much money do you make as a town's historian? Nothing. If you have voted yourself, the town's historian, and that's just your hobby. True. Are you a town historian? Can you let us know what your deal is? Please write in, please. Please write in please. Many years before a husband killed his wife there, he dropped her body down the well, cemented it over, and then hightailed it outta town. Oh God. He landed in the Pacific Northwest where he worked in a sawmill. One day he accidentally fell into the giant whirring blade. Oh my God. Rumor is the ghost of his wife pushed him in.


And then it says in parentheses, that last bit, I'm not sure is actual history, or if there was some punching up on my older brother in the retelling of the story. It's urban myth for sure. Yeah. But, oh my God. But we're here For it. After dropping that nugget of info, the historian told us that everybody who had lived in the house since had seen her ghost, including a past resident who saw her walking through the wall where her phone hung. So, needless to say, I spent my childhood expecting to see her as well, with a mixture of dread and excitement. The cemented over well was still there at the side of the house, and it says, I'm assuming they got her body out at some point. It's Laura, it's history, it's Lo. So every time I would walk back from my neighbor's house at night, the last stretch would be a full-on sprint.


Oof. The bottom line is though, none of us ever saw her in the 16 years we lived there. We even tried a Ouija board in the attic once, but nothing that's fucking ballsy. I almost titled this a disappointing ghost story, but thought it might hurt. Its chances You are right. I'm wondering if you wanted it too much and she could sense it Maybe. Yeah, I Think so. Having said that, one morning in the house, my mother suddenly woke up in her bedroom to see her elderly father who lived in Florida, standing at the foot of her bed. He disappeared when the phone rang. The call was to inform her that her father had passed away.


Oh. Ooh. That happened to my mom, too. My mom was pregnant with my brother. They were in New York staying at my aunt's house. It was nighttime. She flung open the window because he, she heard her dad yelling her name from outside Janet, And he died. And he died that night. He had died that night in his sleep. Wow. In his sleep. Yeah. And then it says spooky, but sweet. Yours, Dave. Spooky but sweet. It says that, but sweet. But sweet but Sweet. Dave. I'm obsessed with the, well, it's from that horror movie. Yeah. The, I was gonna say, the cringe.


What's the horror movie? The Grudge. Yeah. When the girl's in the Well. Oh Yeah, of course. So disturbing just a well by itself. Yeah. Knowing that a body had been put into that. Well, and you just have to kind of walk by it. Yeah. No way. No, no. Jesus, Dave. Okay. I'm not gonna read. Redo the subject line. It says, hello Karen, Georgia Team and All pets. As I was listening to this week's episode of the McDonald's monopoly scam, I thought Karen and Georgia need to hear how my own father pulled off a scam with his Pepsi points. Woo. You know, I used to collect Marlboro miles. Does that surprise you as a teenager?


Not at all. Okay. Because, well, first of all, you were smoking 'em. You got 'em. That's right. You smoked them if you got 'em. That's right. But they had some great windbreakers. That's Right. I wanted a jacket. Look. Yeah. I needed a jacket. Okay. You just wanna pool cube. You wanna smoke and then you want some swag. Yeah. Okay. In the mid nineties, Pepsi had a, there's a Netflix series about the Pepsi promotional campaign that this person's about to talk about. Oh. It's like buying someone a jet. Pepsi wears my jet. Yeah, yeah. Whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So in the mid nineties, Pepsi had a promotional campaign where customers would collect points off Pepsi products. You would later mail in an envelope with your points to redeem for Pepsi gear. I was seven when my family decided it was absolutely necessary to collect as many points as we could.


We clipped the points off of the cardboard case boxes, stowed away every cap from two liter bottles, and made sure we were only Pepsi drinkers during this promotion. There you go. I mean, that is marketing success. A hundred percent marketed. That's a, you're a dream family. Totally. Meanwhile, I was like, can I please have seven up? My parents were so weird about soda. Oh no. We'd never had soda. I equate sushi with soda because the only time I was allowed to drink a coke was when we were at the sushi bar and it was like a special occasion. Yeah, Same. Yeah. Yeah. It had to be a special occasion. Yeah. Which is like, what are you setting up in our minds about food and special Occasions? Yeah. But at the same time, I don't think either of us have had a root canal.


And we're really lucky that we didn't bring soda as kids. You know? True. True. My teeth are great. Okay. When the time came to exchange our points for prizes, my mom put my dad in charge and told him to choose wisely. While we collected points like our lives depended on it, we were a middle class family of four. How many points could we really have enough for a sweatshirt, maybe a sweatshirt and a baseball cap. My dad carefully looked through the catalog of items, made his selections, and sent away his points for prizes. You remember those catalogs too, where it was like, yeah. They really gave you a variety of things to choose from. 'cause all kinds of brands did this. Yeah. And yeah. And that's how Pepsi got in trouble with the, they said they were offering a jet, A fighter jet.


Right. Which clearly they weren't. But then watch the documentary months later, we slowly started getting Pepsi items in the mail. A sweatshirt. Then a T-shirt showed up, a baseball cap and a water bottle were next. Then a towel and a CD holder. Hmm. All with the Pepsi logo, of course. But it wasn't until the 21 speed mountain bike showed up at our door that my mom questioned my dad. Steve, how many points did we have? I'm not sure. Did we have enough for all these items? It's their fault. They didn't count the points I sent in. It turns out my dad checked one of almost everything in the catalog within reason. He said So they wouldn't question him.


Of course. He wanted to see if they actually would count his point, and they did not. My mom was livid me a now 8-year-old child, thought all the Pepsi stuff was awesome. Yeah, Of course. And none the wiser that it was all essentially stolen. No, it Wasn't. No, it wasn't. You Bought their crap. Yeah. Goddamn sugar water. Yep. It was not stolen. No. This man is just smarter than the fucking system. He's gaming the system that's trying to game him. That's Right. And he gets to, That's capitalism, baby. Hey baby. My dad was far from a trashed dad of the nineties. He loved my sister And I and did everything he could to give us the best childhood.


Oh. Unfortunately, shortly after receiving the Pepsi, but, oh, wait a second. I'm gonna fucking Lose My mind. No, no. I forgot about this part. Unfortunately, shortly after receiving the Pepsi bicycle, he passed away from cancer. He never got the chance to ride the bike. But you best bet I did when I was big enough. And I. Love telling everyone how we got the bike, as it gave everyone a good laugh. I'm riding this email on the 26th anniversary of his passing. And while it's incredibly difficult living 26 years without my dad, it's silly memories like these that make me smile. Stay sexy and go hug your dad, Kelsey.


Oh my God. That dad was Kelsey's basically saying he wasn't trash dad. He wasn't a cheater or whatever. But it's like, but that's parenting. He loved Kelsey and her sister so much. Yeah. That he's like, I'll rip off Pepsi for you guys. I want you to have a bike and a hat and a stupid CD holder. Like, it's Almost too, like, let's see if this works. 'cause you're not gonna get in trouble if it doesn't. I, I, I love it. It's brilliant. It's so good. Oh My God. So good. What a great email. That was an excellent story. So good.


Georgia, do you ever think about home invasions All day every day? Well, it might surprise you to know that most home invasions happen in broad daylight and they spike during the summer. Well, Thankfully, they're SimpliSafe the security company that can give you peace of mind, whether you're home or away. SimpliSafe knows that in a crisis, every moment counts. With fast, protect, monitoring, and live guard protection, SimpliSafe agents can respond within five seconds of receiving your alarm. They Can even see and speak to intruders to stop them right Away. And SimpliSafe is 24 7. Monitoring costs less than a dollar a day. Half the price of traditional home security. See why SimpliSafe has been named the best home security system by US News and World Report for five years running. Once you purchase your system, you can choose your installation process. It's easy to do it yourself, or you can have a pro do it for You. SimpliSafe is home security that puts you first. Here's how I personally know why this fast protect monitoring is so important. So our alarm has gone off a couple times recently and the neighbors have done nothing about it. You'd think the minute they heard it, they'd be like, Hey, are you guys okay? No. And that's why you need the live guard protection because your neighbors don't care that your alarm go, I'm not kidding. Most at the alarm off before and the neighbors didn't check in. Yeah. People are like, get your shit together over there. That's what's happening. Yeah. They're Like your cat's at the alarm off. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect Monitoring, just Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash safe. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye.


This podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health. Look, there's nothing wrong with aging, but if you're a woman over 40, you might be dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, or brain fog. These Are all symptoms of perimenopause and menopause. And even though hormonal transition is a normal part of aging, it doesn't mean you have to suffer. The Experts at MIDI Health understand what you're going through and how to help. MIDI Health is the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. If You've never heard of Menopausal Care, that might be because 75% of women who seek clinical support don't receive treatment. It's ridiculous. But MIDI Health is here to provide the support you need and deserve. From FDA approved medications to lifestyle coaching and health guidance, All MIDI Health Services are covered by insurance and can be accessed through telehealth visits. And 24 7 direct messaging. Your body changes in midlife, so your healthcare should Too. Amen. If you're over 40, you deserve to feel great. So visit MIDI Health Book, your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's Join mi di.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


All right. My last one is called My 18th birthday party at Chuck E. Cheese. Hi. All. My little brother is the favorite child. It all started when he and our cousin were playing baseball in our yard and broke the windshield in my mom's car. Did he get yelled at and grounded? Of course not. They were just playing and didn't mean it. According to my mother. From then on, he earned the moniker of Favorite Child. One day while at my brother's T-Ball game, my mom asked me what I wanted to do for my impending 18th birthday party. And while the conversation started about my birthday, we ended up talking about what Garrett would wanna do for his 10th birthday party still months away.


Oh my God. The rage. My mom let it slip that she offered to take him to Chuck E. Cheese. This was the ultimate betrayal. You see, I always wanted a Chuck E Cheese party growing up, but it's an hour away and we only had a little car at the time. So my mom always said no. And it says in reality, she offered to take myself and one friend there, or have a big party at our house. And. I always choose the latter because duh. So yeah, it's Just right. Appreciate that. Having a one friend party at Chuck E. Cheese kind of defeats the purpose of Chuck E. Cheese. That's just like on a Saturday, not for your fucking birthday. Yeah. You're supposed to scream in like groups of kids are supposed to give you a bunch of shit.


Yeah. It's supposed to be like total mayhem. You Have to like need a nap so bad afterwards that like you fall asleep on the way to the car. Yeah. Yeah. She said it's fine now though, because we had a van and it could actually take a car full of kids and it says, my dream Garrett didn't even want it. Anyways. I was still absolutely reeling over this admission. When I realized what I was going to do for my 18th birthday, live out my Chuck E Cheese fantasies. I told my mom and she said, sure, whatever. 18 year olds aren't going to wanna go to Chuck E Cheese. And even if they do, I don't have to drive them. I'm pretty sure she was expecting maybe four or five people to come, but we had at least 20 to 25 teenagers ready.


Hell yeah. To play. Yeah. Yes. Of course. This was back in the day of Gold Coins. They don't have them anywhere. They have those fucking little tap cards now. No. For children. Yes. No tokens anymore and no tickets. Are tokens somehow bound? Well, They're so disgusting. I wouldn't touch them, but yes. Oh Yeah. They're on like a little credit card looking to buy a credit card. Like when you're at the laundromat And then you keep it yourself and no one else touches your credit card. 'cause we're living in a post pandemic world. Yeah. Right. And then the tickets are on that card too, and they tell you how many tickets you have. Oh. So there's no like Fun tickets coming outta the game. You know? That Sucks. It's sad. That changes ski ball like fundamentally. Yeah. A hundred percent Kids these days. This was back in the day of gold coins for the machines.


So my mom had huge buckets of coins, like a leprechaun dishing them out to us. Only awkward part was when Chuck himself came out. And I had to stand up by him and a somewhat confused worker while they sang me Happy Birthday. I don't think they get many 18th birthdays there. For some reason. It was honestly a pretty amazing birthday. And now my husband who was at that birthday, And I, take our girls to that same Chuck E Cheese during the freezing Wisconsin winters when you can't do anything outside. It's changed a lot. but I saw Chuck the other day, and I'm pretty sure he remembered me. S-S-D-G-M. Brie, I've never heard anybody refer to Chuck E.


Cheese by just his first name. Like he's a A businessman. Charles Entertainment cheese. That's his full name. That's That's right. He knows how to entertain. I love the idea that it's like, you know what I'm, I am gonna go back. They say you can't go back. Yeah. I'm going to go back. I'm gonna reclaim this Such an 18-year-old. I'm still kind of a kid. I'm not a grownup yet. I wanna like do something silly still. And everyone, last chance, all your friends are on board. Like hell fucking Yeah. We'll do that silly thing with you. Yeah. Because they all know this is like we're at the sunset of our childhood. Yeah, yeah. So do it now while you can. I love it. I do love it. Okay, here's my last one.


Okay. Celebrity encounter. Dame Judy Dench. I mean, are you fucking kidding me? Oh my God. Hi all. I'll get right to it. This has long been one of my favorite with a U Stories to tell, mainly due to Dame Judy dent's status as a genuine national treasure and the unexpected nature of this encounter. I grew up in a small town in the south of England, and the lovely Miss Dench lives in the next village. She was known to pop into our school performances on occasion. That right there, I wanna start crying. Oh my God. Judy. She's like, I'll go down and watch you guys put on the lottery by Shirley Jackson. No problem. I'd love to see.


Ugh. Oh my God. But at 15, I'd never been lucky enough to catch a glimpse. So imagine the scene. I'm a maybe just turned 15 bookworm who's working her first proper Saturday job at a tiny chip shop on the outskirts of town. Ah. Generally our customers were regulars and not really remarkable. God, no offense. Yeah. One Saturday though, the boss had taken a call and then suddenly got busy. He was cooking up more cotton chips, And I thought we could possibly sell. All the while I'm just sitting on a tiny stool reading my book and occasionally getting up to wrap a few portions of fish and chips and stacking them in the warming cupboard.


My first job was at a yogurt shop. And I sat on a stool and read Stephen King, And I. Did it even the day that the owner came in. 'cause I didn't know that I should get up and wipe counters and pretend. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, yeah, I'm here to read the book and man the counter and no one's in here. No. Like it was so embarrassing after the fact. I can't believe she didn't fire me on the spot. Okay. Anyway. That's Amazing. It's Not about me, it's about Judy Bunch. I look up and a smallish older lady gets out of a modest car and heads toward the chippy. Now I should probably add that as an adult, I'm basically useless without my glasses. Mm. But at 15, I hadn't yet dealt with that need, and life was all a little bit blurry.


So this lady opens the door to the shop and says, hi. I called ahead. You've got 30 portions of fish and chips ready for me. I believe folks that smallish lady in the tiny chippy on the edge of an equally tiny town was Judy Dench. I stuttered, let me check if it's all ready for you. And headed off to find the boss man skid to a stop. He looks at me and says, don't panic. Treat her like she's anyone else. That's why she comes to me. So I handed over the bags full of fish and Chip told her the total and watched as she wrote me a check to pay, signed with the most beautiful signature. I bet. I placed the check in the till, wished her a good evening and picked my book back up as she walked out the door telling me as she left, tell I just started crying again.


And, I don't even know what happened. It's just the end of every email makes me cry. And telling me as she left, it's my grandson's birthday. All he wanted was for us to eat fish and chips out of the paper. Oh. And that was that. She was glorious. It made my year and ever since, I've always referred to her as my pal. Judy, thank you for all you do. Raising awareness of mental health, not drinking, when it stops feeling good and generally being the best. Appreciate it. Smiley face. Stay sexy and treat her like she's anyone else, Rachel. Oh my God. Ugh. So satisfying. Beautiful. Yeah. What a beautiful story.


Just Treat celebrities like people. Yeah. Although I wouldn't have been able to do that with Judy Dun. I Don't think I would've been a little bit awestruck. Have you ever seen the thing? There's a clip. It's on TikTok, but it's a clip from the Gram Norton Show and they ask her to do a little bit of Shakespeare and then she's like, well, that's weird and uncomfortable and, but it's like, but just do it. And then she fucking like, she does a sauna and it's all like this comedy show And you get It and suddenly, yes. Suddenly you understand what the sauna is about. And also you're like, this is the most compelling person on the planet. Yeah. Like totally. You're making me want to listen to a shake experience on it.


Oh, so good. I can play it cool around famous people except Cory Feldman. But Liza Minelli would be my, oh no, I can't. I can't play it. Cool. Liza Minelli. Well, I think she's up in the Judy Den range of like a talent that is superseded time, basically. Yeah. Yeah. Whew. Wow. That was amazing. Great. What A series. One of emails. Yeah. Yeah. That was really awesome. Thank you Rachel. Such good advice. Yeah. We've done it again. Yeah. Thanks for writing in you guys. We really appreciate it. Or thanks for just listening. If you didn't write in, I like that we just read everybody else's emails. And I said, we did it again.


We read, we read them again. That was the universal we, that was the collective. We as a whole. Yeah. And also to the collective. We as a whole, stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email Your hometowns to My favorite Murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite Murder and on Twitter at my fave murder.


Goodbye.