
This is exactly right.


The forest stores are everywhere you are. So just pop in when you need a brown lip to match your nineties playlist. A confidence boost before your interview or a last minute gift for mom's birthday. There's always a Sephora near you. Just pop in. Use our store locator to find your local Sephora or Sephora at Kohl's.


This episode is brought to you by United Airlines. When you wanna make the most of your vacation book. With United, they're an airline that cares about your travels as much as you do. United is transforming the flying experience with Bluetooth connectivity. Screens power at every seat and bigger overhead bins to help fit everyone's bag and with their app, you can skip the bag. Check line, get live updates and more. Change the way you fly. Book your next trip today@united.com.


Hello, Hello And Welcome To. My favorite murder, The mini. So here we Go. Are you ready to hear some emails? Better Be. You wanna go first? Sure. Okay. My first one's called Lost in the Woods. Hey. MFM Crew on Mini. So 4 0 2. Y'all shared some great stories about getting lost in the woods, so I figured I'd share mine. A handful of years ago, my father and some friends were hanging out in the wilderness of Oregon when one of their dogs got away. The group split up and began searching for the dog, unsuccessful in the search. The crew all headed back to their cars, loaded into three different vehicles and took off all of them except my father. He watched with disbelief as the three cars pulled away and headed down the mountain with his backpack in one of the trunks, chasing them furiously, waving his arms.


No one noticed. Oh, according to my father at first he was just annoyed and figured they'd realize any minute and turn around. As hours went by, he grew more and more frustrated and started walking down the road. Nighttime came quickly and in the dark he tripped and stumbled down a steep gully above a river. He fought hard to get back up the slope. It was so shaken up. When he got back up, he accidentally went in the wrong direction. So he's like doubling back. Flash forward to the next evening. His friends first noticed he was left behind assholes the next evening. That's Insane. They all lived on a compound together.


So my jaw dropped when I first learned this detail. It's not like they all went to their own apartments and like didn't notice. You know what I mean? Like make sense that they weren't like in the room with him? Yeah. That they wouldn't know. Did they say what year this was? Or Era? I don't know, but it sounds very high. This Is as high as you can get. His friends didn't call Search and rescue until almost a full day after they had left him behind. Don't get me started here. Yeah, I mean, for real. My father was lost for three full days before he was found by mushroom forages. So even after they realized he was gone, he was still fucking, they still couldn't find him. Right? That's just the beginning of the problem. Right? He was freezing cold, his cotton clothing soaked through and he was surviving just on snow and thoughts of getting back to his family.


Like, 'cause they took his fucking backpack too. Yeah. My dad describes this experience as the scariest in his life, but he shares needing to get back to my nephew as what saved his life. Luckily, he survived with just a small bit of frostbite, but the PTSD from this harrowing experience will remain forever. My biggest reason I wanted to share this story is to share some tips to keep yourself safe outdoors. Oh, my father's close call does not deter me from being the outdoorsy woman I am. And nor should it you if that's what you love, Despite What we always say. But, but also, what if someone heard this email was like, I'm never going outside again. Never. Never. Or were you mean I'd be like, I'm never having friends again.


Yeah, Exactly. I'm never carpooling again. Right. Here are some tips. One If. you find that you are turned around and unsure of which way is the correct way to go. Do not keep moving. The closer you are to your last known location, the less complicated it is for search and rescue to find you. They always say that, but it's Like The natural thing to be like, I bet there's just down the street like A, I gotta get outta here. Yeah. Yeah. Stay where you are. To bring a navigation tool that has extended battery life, like a Garmin in reach, a map and compass and some type of emergency beacon if you're going into particularly wild areas. Wasn't his backpack in the car? I Think she means if you're lucky enough to have your possessions on you still, This is all an argument to stay home for real.


Crazy. I'm, I'm not taking any of this advice 'cause I'm not going anywhere. Three, invest in high quality clothing. Cotton kills is a common saying in the outdoors world. It saturates with water easily and becomes very cold. Wool layers, synthetic fabrics and rain clothes are necessary. Four, don't split up unless it is totally necessary. No one should be left behind. I live in Colorado. And I often hear of groups leaving someone behind because they are holding the group back. Always use the body system. What? I don't know. Gra grandma's fucking Holding us down. Yeah, let's leave her. We we can really Meet you at the top. Grandma. I think it's like that idea though. Like, okay buddy, we're gonna meet you at the top.


Like that's a normal thing to think, right? Like someone's going slower. Don't do that. You should test people before you're on a mountain if they're like that in their personality. If they're because Yeah. That is so self-serving and insane. Yeah. To just be like, Hey look, I'm trying to hike faster. Right? I need to be Calories need Moving faster. Yeah. Go to hell. Yeah. Five. Always bring a headlamp. Six. Learn about the 10 essentials and live by them. The ones that were just given. No. Oh, I sure that's a thing. Oh, oh. Different thing. Stay sexy and hail mushroom forger anonymous. Yeah, let's hear it from mushroom forger. Right? Well, not two found found the, the dad. No, no, I know. Yeah.


I've always heard that thing about wool though. Wool is the best material for, and it seems like, oh, it'd be too hot. Yeah, but it's super breathable. Mm. And it does good with moisture. What am I talking about? I must have Heard that. Yeah. Like you spill something on your couch. Yeah, exactly. And then I'm like, oh no, I'm trapped here. What if I don't ever dry off And I get couch wrought. What are the 10 essentials? Stay positive. Don't go On the fucking floors. Look Up. Look up at the top of the tree line. Yeah. Wave at bears. The thing that get makes me crazy is people that talk about north, south, east and west, like anybody has some sort of Yeah.


In like it's taught somewhere. I'm, I'm okay at it. If I'm in a city, like a big city except for New York, I can't fucking do ejection New York. It's New York. Tough. Yeah. But like New York, I mean, LA I can do it, Right? You go like, where's the airport that south? Right. Or I go, where's the valley? I don't wanna go there. It's that way. You know what I mean? As a person who lives in the valley. Oh, right. How dare. Okay, here's my first one and the sub, the subject line is Celebrity encounter Lost on my clueless mum. Hello ladies. You know, when people say day one listener, do they mean they discovered your podcast sometime in the last few years and they went through and listened to the whole thing from episode one?


Or do they mean that they listened to episode one when there was only an episode one? I'm the former. Having discovered your podcast sometime in 2021 and taking probably a year to catch up on all the old Episodes. Wow. What would you, what answer would you give? I think when I think day one listeners identify as people who started listening from the very first episode when they found it in 2016. Like when it came out. Right. But I like that one too. I mean that they, let's think of a fucking, they should call themselves something. Yeah. They should call themselves Obsessive compulsive. I mean, I never think about that where it's like there are hundreds of these fucking episodes. I mean, so Yeah.


If, you like it then you're like, oh, I'm here. But I actually Yeah. Well that's why we're doing rewind episodes. Yeah. We're trying to make it easier for you. Yeah. We Are because we realize these are true problems in 2024 that are a real concern for everybody. Anyway, I like when an email starts off with like, can I get some stuff cleared up? Yeah. Because I'm confused. I like that. Maybe we'll name the second version after the person, depending on how this email goes. Yeah. Bingers, We'll name it. ERs. But anyway. Hi. I'm writing to you from the north of Denmark where I live with my Danish husband, but I'm originally from the south of England. Those Vikings are still stealing the English girls away. Hey, that is the best.


Okay. Here's my story. When I was a kid, I was always at some sort of dancing, singing, drama or piano lesson. As my dancing friends, And I grew up. I lost interest in parentheses because I discovered boys and thought they wouldn't be interested in a dancer. And then it's the emoji of the little guy rolling his eyes, which is like, it's so sad to me. Yeah. That girls do that to themselves where it's like that's all they're interested in. Yeah. Why wouldn't you understand that you are the cream of the crop, But also like how sad to give up something you love because you think this boy is going to somehow make your life better than the thing that you love. Yeah. You think it's gonna up the odds of getting picked by some fucking idiot, it Doesn't matter.


Yeah. But they all went on to have great careers in the theater on cruise ships touring the world, et cetera. Wow. One such girl got her job as a chorus girl in the London West End stage version of the producers. That's amazing. My mom and lots of the other dancing moms went to watch her in her West End debut. That is also for those moms. Yeah, she made it. She made it. That's, I mean, the West End in London. She made it as my mom was sat in the audience waiting for the show to start. She got talking to the man next to her. He had an American accent and asked my mom if she had seen the show yet. She excitedly told him that she knew one of the chorus girls.


Oh No. She asked where he was from and he said, San Diego. Ooh, I've been there. Squealed my mom excitedly. I tried to do a lock. Not for you. I love that. Regaling the stranger with stories of her travels. When the show started, my mom's friend poked my mom in the ribs and whispered, isn't that Robin Williams you're talking to? Oh My God. I was going Nathan Lane, but wow. Oh, how do you not recognize? Okay, She's a mum. There's a mum. It turned out, yes, it was indeed Robin Williams, but my mom had no idea who he was. That's hilarious. She'd never been good at staying awake during films and didn't really watch 'em all that much. So had somehow come to miss the entire career of the comedy genius.


One of The like biggest stars of our time, of Our time. I like to think that it was probably refreshing for him to be anonymous for five minutes. I Was gonna say that like not have to perform and be someone, just Have a conversation with the lady. Yeah. With a British lady. Yeah. Who's not gonna be like, guess who I talked to I. Think it's funny that he said he was from San Diego. Where's he from? The Bay Area. That's weird. Yeah. Maybe he was like born in San Diego. Yeah. Or maybe he was just like, don't worry about it. Sure. Yeah. Like he's trying to keep the Yeah. Image. We're back in the email now. Okay. Anyway, with Robin Williams in mind, it seems appropriate to thank you for your openness around mental health and all the wonderful donations you make to such worthy causes. Also for the laughs and education you have given me over the years.


Keep up the good work ladies. And love to the Animals. Jody, she heard. Aw. Jody. Jody. Thank you. Great email. I mean, Jody, thank Thank you. Top to bottom, just a delightful email. Yeah. Like a was It felt like a good conversation that we just had with Jody. With Jody was just one. One-sided And Jodi's in Denmark. Yeah. The chances of us being able to have this conversation were so rare. Yeah. And she made it happen. Also, can I just do a quick brag that one time when I was in, when I lived in San Francisco, I was at Green Apple Books, which is a bookstore in, now I can't remember what neighborhood it's in, but it's very well known. I feel like it's very well known. I feel like it's down near Fishman's Wharf, but I'm probably wrong.


Okay. Doesn't matter. Anyhow, it's this real cool old bookstore that kind of has like different levels and steps in the floor. Is wooden, is it next To uv? Yeah. It's a North Beach. Yeah, That's a North Beach. Yes. That that fucking amazing Bookstore. Oh wait, no, no, that's, yeah. Not Skylight, but that's the city. Lights. Lights. But that's City Lights, books. I think Green Apple, it doesn't matter. It it's truly doesn't matter. No. Keep it all in. Anyway. I'm walking there. I think I'm killing time before meeting people before a show or something, and so I just go in and I'm walking and I'm so positive I'm going to trip and fall because of these different little wooden steps that I'm just watching myself walk to walk toward the back, And, I walk, and then I walk until I see some feet in front of me.


And I realize, oh, someone is also walking toward me. And I. Look up, and it's Robin Williams and We Are. Truly a foot away from each other like that. And I. You know, the same thing happened to me in a bookstore with Billy Bob Thornton. Right? No. Like we walked into each other. Same exact thing. Yeah. That's hilarious. And Then I look over and Angelina Jill is there with him. Are you lying? I swear to fucking, does That sound like a lie? It Does. It's one of my stories from like when I was like 19 when they were married. That's amazing. Yes. When they were so they were the most in love people of all time. Yeah. Wow. That's hilarious. Did he say anything to you? He did a thing where I could, because I just was like, what? Yeah, like 19 years old finally living in the big city, whatever.


Yeah. And so I just kind of was like, I'm sure I had that look on his face. Yeah. And he just gave me the little like cute smile. Yeah. But he was also like, we were both kind of like looked down people. Yeah. So we both just kept looking down and you know, kind of Like kept Passing. Cute. Very sweet. Very sweet. And he used to sometimes come to comedy shows. Yeah. Like The fake gallery, which is in East la. Yeah. And he would come if like he knew someone in town and someone would be there, and so he would go and just go and sit in the audience so no one in the audience knew he was in the audience. He would kind of get there secretly. I maybe back entrance or something. Yeah, and just watch the show and people would be like, someone get him to do a set.


And he didn't want to. He just wanted to watch. Wow. Which is very cool to Me. So amazing. Yeah. Yeah.


On these cozy winter nights, it's hard not to feel grateful for the warmth of home and family And to make sure everything you hold dear is well protected. SimpliSafe has got you covered. Right now you can get 60% off a new SimpliSafe security system, their best deal of the year. And with active guard Simply Safes 24 7 monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. These Agents can talk directly to the intruder sound allowed, siren, flashlights, and even alert the police While other systems only react after a break-in SimpliSafe combines live monitoring and proactive protection both inside and outside your home. I mean, that kind of technology is pretty great for the prices that SimpliSafe charges. The idea that there could be preventative measures taken and people could just be warmed away and it would just be over. That's very comforting. It is And. I. Do love that the price makes SimpliSafe accessible to everyone. You don't have to be like pinkies out for a security system. Everyone should have it. This is just like basics. Yep. And SimpliSafe is offering our listeners exclusive early access to their Black Friday sale This week only. You can get 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. This is their best offer of the year. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash fave. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash fave. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye, goodbye, Goodbye.


This Time of year means more time with family and friends, which means more judgment. Don't give them any ammunition. With Lumi, you can enjoy holiday gatherings without worrying about your body odor. Louie's whole body deodorant keeps you smelling fresh for up to 72 hours so you can enjoy everything Autumn has to offer without those unwanted odors tagging along. It's safe to use anywhere on your body that's right anywhere, and it provides 72 hour odor control. Lumi was created by an O-B-G-Y-N who saw firsthand how body odor negatively affects people's confidence and quality of life. It's thoughtfully formulated without parabens or baking soda and its pH balanced. Choose from a variety of fresh, bright scent like clean tangerine, lavender, sage, or toasted coconut. So up until recently I've been able to wear unscented deodorant pretty happily. It's been fine, but guess what? Everything is changing in my stupid 40 something body. So this lavender sage is so wonderful. It actually works. I don't have that body odor that is so embarrassing that I'm like, oh my God, who smells and then you realize it's you. Yeah. It's like that's, that doesn't happen. That is the worst. That's great. Lumi starter Pack is perfect for new customers. You get a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, and two free products of your choice and free shipping. And as a special offer for listeners, all customers get 15% off all Lummi products with our exclusive code. That's right. Not just new customers returning customers as well. Hey and If, you combine the 15% off with the already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off their starter Pack. Use code murder for 15% off your first purchase@lumideodorant.com. That's L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. Promo code murder. Please support our show and tell them we sent you. Smell fresher, stay drier and boost your confidence from head to toe with Lumi. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This one's called lovable slash crazy neighbor story. It starts all y'all. Yeah. All y'all. That's right. There's A saying in the south. We don't hide our crazy. We parade it out. On the front porch and give it a cocktail. Hell yeah. In that vein, life gave us our elderly neighbor Camelia, a true southern character for their entire married lives. Came and her husband Bill lived like poppers at home. Then used the money they saved to travel the globe. Ooh. Growing up with that example, right next door, my own four kids are spending their twenties traveling and living all over the world as well. Nice. Amazing. Camilia has no filter, never did.


She will love you like nobody else and flat put you in your place when you need it. And at 90 Now, if she wants to walk to the mailbox in her underwear, she absolutely does. Oh Wait, the freedoms, My hands down. Favorite Camelia story was one day when I arranged for a group of boys from the local Baptist church to volunteer doing chores in her yard. The boys showed up, as did their pastor and assistant pastor. As the boys worked, we stood in the yard and chatted with the pastors. And I asked Camil for permission to tell them the sweet story of how she and Bill met. The story goes that they were both in Colorado skiing in the early seventies. Her from Louisiana, him from Florida, a big snow fell.


Airports were closed, and the only way out was by bus where the two of them were seated together and talked for hours. When she got back to Louisiana, Camilia called the bus line, lied and said that she had sat next to m Alman named Bill, and their suitcases had gotten switched. It says this absolutely had not. She asked for his phone number to call him and rectify the situation. Wow. Gold going for it. This being the seventies. They didn't give it a second thought. Sure. Here's the number. Yeah. She called, they connected, started dating, got married, and were absolute soulmates until Bill died in 2018. As I retold this charming if a bit impish tale Camilia added.


Of course, we were both married to other people at the time. Lady. All bold. All caps what? Right in front of the pastors too. Oh, that's right. Yeah. She's at church. No, they're in the front yard with the boys doing the work at the yard with Pastors. Right. Oh, okay. That's right. That's right. Right. That's a completely different story and not one I've necessarily related to the local Baptist preachers. Classic Camelia, though I have no doubt she'd set up that little booby trap and was just waiting to spring it on me. She's like, go ahead, tell the story. Yeah, Sure. I'd love for you To, thanks for all you two lovelies do not the least of which is offering me a way to connect with my 30 something daughter.


Oh, and then her name is Mimi. I know. Mimi. Mimi. Oh, that's a great email. That was cute. Right. Also, it's kind of like I do like that, even though it's sucks for those two people, for the two people they were married to. Right. But it's almost like, it feels like Camil was like, this is a once in a lifetime connection. Yeah. This isn't nothing. Yeah. I gotta go after it. Yeah. And like No, I, there's no sitting idly by when you're in love. Wow. I mean, very Cool. Unless you're in love with someone else at the same time. I be Married to them. But Yeah, Figure it out. You know? Communicate. Listen, be honest.


Look, Divorces happen. It does. Alright. We're On the side of divorce. The subject line of this A ML Is Lake Powell vacation gone wrong? Hi. MFM family, all the pleasantries. You know the drill in mini, so three fifty four, you made a call for vacation's Gone wrong. And I finally have a story worthy of sharing. Yes. Growing up we had a boat, which sounds bougie, but it was already old at the time in the story. I love it. I love that thing of like, no, no, no, you don't. Make no mistake. Yeah. My dad's an expert water skier and my brother And I loved riding on a tube. So my mom had a great idea for a road trip from Denver to Lake Powell, a 12 hour drive towing said boat and finding a camping spot somewhere along Lake Shore.


A similar trip to one my parents took pre-kids with a then much newer boat and trailer, and then in parentheses it says, this will be important later. I know my dad had dreams of my brother And I learning to water ski and loved being On the lake as much as he did. Unfortunately, his dreams did not become a reality on this trip. We loved road trips and had all of the Disney soundtrack cassettes ready to go that I literally, that turns my stomach the idea of like, you're trapped in a car singing Bibby Bob Boo. I agree. Unless it's the Little Mermaid soundtrack and then I'm there. Yeah. I told, I've told you that a million times, but Nora used to have, when she was like three, she had this little necklace and you touched the aerial and it went Ah.


And my sister was like, that thing won't die. She's like, she touches it all the time. It's been around forever. She's like, she was like, found it when Nora was like seven or eight. Yeah. And touched it and it was still working. Like, We're back. Okay. We got to the lake and found a camping spot being the nineties, we had no phone or internet to tell us the weather, but it was summer, so I'm sure my parents assumed it would be hot and dry and did not bother to actually check. We'd barely gotten our tents set up when clouds wind and rain rolled in. We had two tents, my brother And I sharing one of those. It rained so much in a short time that a waterfall formed On the cliff behind our tents and created a river in the sand between where our two tents were set up.


Oh my God. The wind was blowing so hard that my brother, And I had to sit in the corners to keep the tent from blowing away. Being preteen kids, we were terrified that we were going to get blown away or taken out to the lake never to be seen again. I'm sure my parents sat in their own tent, calm like only nineties parents could be. When it did stop raining, everything that was not in the boat or a tent was floating out. On the lake, including all our food. Oh, no. I guess we were able to save enough food because we camped the rest of the week. Despite what I am sure was a lot of complaining from my brother, And I. If the rainstorm was not traumatic enough, On the drive home, the brakes of the boat trailer caught fire and once again, my chill dad put the fire out with ice from a cooler.


Wow. I, I have no idea how we drove home without brakes. On, the trailer seems pretty important to have yet. Once again, only a nineties dad could not be worried about this. That was not the last camping trip my mom planned for us, but thankfully none were as eventful as this. I think we got rid of the boat not long after this trip as owning a boat in Colorado was pointless with so few lakes, say sexy and don't camp next to a waterfall, Andrea. Aw. Yeah. They really did it. I love that idea of like here We Are. Yeah. Summertime lake trip. Yeah. And immediately it's like Hurricane. I had something similar happen like a hurricane during a camping trip, but it was a camping trip for the rehab I had gone to.


Oh, at 13 they had like a, you know, like an AA event and there was like a hurricane in the middle Of it. It was kind of cool though because it was like all these people who were like trying to be self-sufficient and they were able to like chase all it down, like make everything better and like feel good about themselves instead of doing drugs. Yeah, that's true. That's pretty great. It was like a true challenge. Yeah. And then they had to let go and let God. Right. 'cause God was sending a hurricane. That's right.


This time of year is packed with parties shopping and family get togethers. Now is not the time for a trip to the doctor's office, which means that you might need to take a trip to the doctor's office. With Zocdoc, you can find and book the right doctor in minutes so you can get back to your holiday plans. Zocdoc is a free app and website where you can search and compare high quality in-network doctors. Choose the right one for your needs and click to instantly book an appointment. We're talking about in-network appointments with more than a hundred thousand healthcare providers across every specialty, from mental health to dental health, eye care, to skincare, and much more. You Can filter for doctors who take your insurance are located nearby and are highly rated by verified patients. You can also see their actual appointment openings. Choose a time that works for you and click to instantly book a visit. Plus Zocdoc appointments happen fast. Typically within just 24 to 72 hours of booking, you can even score same day appointments. That's so huge. I feel like I spend half my life trying to book, being on hold, calling the doctor's office, finally getting someone to put make me an appointment. Then the appointment's in six freaking months and you just have to wait and remember that. Yeah. I spend so much time doing that and so frustrating. I love, love, love this service. So stop putting off those doctor's appointments and go to zocdoc.com/murder to find an instantly book a top rated doctor today, That's ZOC, do c.com/murder. Zocdoc.com/murder. Goodbye.


This last one's short. Okay. It's called Vintage Treasure with a ton of exclamation marks. guess what what? I'm visiting New Orleans This week for the first time and today I set out to find vintage clothing and thrift shops. My dream, I was listening to MFM walking from my hotel to my first destination. Not sure why I chose that shop. Just a feeling. When I arrived, I tried on a beautiful vintage gold beaded skirt and found a $50 bill in the pocket. Yes, yes, yes, Yes. Literally the first article of clothing I put my hand on this morning and it says, day made.


Yes, mine too. That's the best. Obviously. I bought it and designated it. My lucky skirt. Yes. I have been quite distracted the rest of today. Checking every pocket in every store. Cheers to obsession. Stay sexy and always follow your heart to treasure. Love. Shaylee. Shaylee. Goddammit. Congratulations. I've Never like, I've never stuck my hand in a pocket at a like a vintage shop before. Yeah. Like just rifle through Those sounds kind of gross. It is a little gross, but A lot of crumbs, vintage crumbs. You gotta get in there. You gotta get those old weird limp balls. Yeah. To get your treasure. Yeah. Also, the purse section.


Go ahead and unzip those little pockets. On the side. Yes. Okay. Everybody, we got this. There's been a couple tiktoks that I've seen with people that go and they're like, this is the wallet I bought and then unzip it and pull out like a weird old shopping list or like, Ooh, I love that. I've done, I've had that once. I bought it and brought it home, but not when I was like trying stuff on. Yeah. For some reason. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so this last one is, the subject line is Halloween Trash Mom, and then in parentheses it says it's me. Hello to everyone's fingers and faces. Yeah. All cuts. Yes. Weep. Cut. Day one. Yep. And then it says, happy sp Halloween. Best friends. Here are a couple short stories about why I no longer go to haunted trails.


We went on a haunted trail many years ago and took our children who in hindsight were really too young, so sorry. I don't know what a haunted trail is. No, this feels regional. Is it like a H? It's either like a haunted hayride where it's like set up for you or it's like a trail in like that. A hiking trail that everyone else is haunted. I'm gonna guess it's the first one. It's set up. Yeah. Be Based on what this story is. Okay. It's set up, but I just think it's fascinating because I've never heard of this version of No, I've corn maze. Yes. Yeah. Haunted hayride. Yes. Yes. This. No, this one you have to fucking walk in it. No. Walk and then And then what And then what? Well, we're about to find out. Okay, so their children are too young.


Our son was probably around five-ish. At the beginning of the hike. A clown ran out of the woods with a chainsaw as they do, and me being the mom of the year trash mom promptly shielded myself with my 5-year-old. He was traumatized. I was traumatized. But We Are all. Okay. He's 21 now and both our kids Give him a couple years. His brain's not even done for him. You don't know if he's gonna be okay. 21, please. I love that. It's like, only now can she tell this story. Right. He's 21 now. Right, right, right. He's fine. He's Fine. He made it. It says he's 21 now and both our kids remind me of this to kick off Halloween season and then it says thanks in parentheses.


The second incident happened years later when our kids were a more appropriate age. Our group knew we would have a long wait, so we brought various jello shots to sustain us adults. They were in little cups with lids so we could stash them in our pockets. This is important. Later, I promise our group got separated. And I was walking with the, with only one other friend. Suddenly I feel a presence behind me and slowly turn around to see a guy in a scream costume with a shaky voice and a terrified look on my face. I say, Hey, want jealous shot? To which he promptly says Cool and grabs the shot and takes off. Yeah. That was, he just made his night. Yep. I may have given alcohol to a minor, but I'll never know for sure.


And then a parentheses it says I. totally did. You did. Thank you both for being my constant companions and for all the wonderful lessons you've taught me, especially about mental health. Finally started therapy and she's a murder. No. Yes, yes. My psychiatrist told me that she's gotten marinos in before. Wow. Yeah. That like, that way that she just told that made me feel very powerful. I don't know why. It was just kind of like a nice compliment. A nice compliment and then like they're everywhere. Yeah. It's amazing. S-S-D-G-M, Danelle and then it says like Janelle with a d, she her. I love that. I feel like we want like parents.


Okay. Please tell us your story, your stories of your trash parenting. Yes. And. I know you can't tell everyone 'cause you're embarrassed of them or they like make you look bad so you can be anonymous, but you can tell us Yes And everybody and every other parent that thinks that everything they're doing is right. Terrible and damaging or whatever. It's like, especially somebody where it's like you do, you hold your child up as a human shield when they're five, report back when they're 21 and say, listen, it's okay. They're Okay now. They're fine. Like what did you do as a parent that like you're still, you still cringe from My mom always brings up dropping my brother as a bear tripping and falling like onto my brother as a baby. Yes. My mom did that too. She tripped on my highchair and we both went down And I.


Got it. Cut on my, still have it right there. Oh yeah. Little cut on my head. Yeah, and she broke her arm. Oh Jesus. I know. It was a big deal. Send us those at my favorite murder at Gmail And Danelle. That was the most delightful email. Yeah. Amazing. That was perfect. Thank you for all of that. All of that vulnerability. I feel like we need to send like a present or a trophy to the people who write letters that make us then ask for that theme. Oh yeah. Like they're that good that we're like, yes. More of this. I know. I feel like we should have done a lot more work on this show. We've done enough. Look, sorry. Fuck we, here's a trophy from our, from our mouths. We weren't fine when we were 21. No. You know? Yeah.


We're still suffering from that. I'm happy for your son, but like this is all we have. You Should see the clown chainsaw shit we've been held up to. This is as Much as we can do. We're Doing our best Extenuating circumstances. Stay Sexy and don't get murdered. Good. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah. This has been an Exactly Right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to my Favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my Favorite murder and on Twitter at my fave murder.


Goodbye.