
This is exactly right.


The land down under has never been easier to reach. United Airlines has more flights between the US and Australia than any other US airline, so you can fly nonstop to destinations like Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Explore dazzling cities, savor the very best of Aussie cuisine, and get up close and personal with the wildlife. Who doesn't wanna hold a koala? Go to united.com/australia to book your adventure.


Listen up. I'm Lisa Traeger. And I'm Kara Klink. And we're the hosts of the True Crime Comedy podcast that's messed up. An, SVU Podcast. Every Tuesday we break down an episode of Law and Order SVU, the True Crime it's based on, and we chat with an actor from the episode. Over the past few years, we've chatted with series icons like BD Wong Kelly, Gish, Danny Pinot, and guest stars like Paget Brewster and Matthew Lillard, And just like an SVU Marathon. You can jump in anywhere. Don't miss new episodes every Tuesday. Follow? That's messed up. An, SVU Podcast, wherever you get your podcasts. Done. Done.


Hello, Hello And. Welcome to my favorite murder, the Mini So. We read you your stories, You've written them in. What choice do we have? you wanna go first? Sure. Hometown. I swam in a murder pool. Hello to my humanly heroines. Oh, you are the cool ants I wish I had and hope to be. I love how open and honest y'all are. You own up to your mistakes in life and on the pod. This is truly admirable. Y'all are the best and the reason I started therapy years ago. Now let's give the merinos what they want, shall we? That's right. I grew up in Westfield, Indiana. This city may sound familiar to you because you've covered the herb and it says Georgia.


You pronounce the H bow Meister murders. Mm, yeah. Herb Balmeister. In the nineties, herb lived on an estate called Fox Hollow Farms, which still exists. He would pick up gay guys at bars, bring them back to his mansion, strangle them to death in his basement pool, and bury their bodies in the backyard, and they're still fucking fighting bones. The bodies are out there. It's such a horrible story. Horrible chilling. Well, I'm here to tell you, I have swam in that pool. Oh, and I fucking know it. It's like an indoor old school pool. I've seen it. I Can remem like the pictures that I've seen that go with it are, I still get chills thinking about it. As you can probably guess, I was a dumb high schooler at the time.


I was friends with the guy who lives there. If you've watched the ghost adventurous episode, a previous tenant of the house claims to have been pulled under by an unknown entity in the pool. Apparently, another ghost hunter visiting the house had taken a photo of the pool and saw faces peering out from under the surface of the water. Hmm. I was also told a medium and his daughter, who he didn't know, had similar abilities at the time, came to visit the estate and an attempt to preserve the little girl's innocence. The medium. Dad and the homeowner discussed the history of the house without her present. They toured around the house and eventually led to the basement pool area. Again, without knowing what happened there, the little girl points to the pool and says, daddy, there's people sleeping in there.


Mm. And it says, no. Six sense children for me. Thank you very much. I mean Fortunately, and unfortunately nothing like that happened to us while we took a dip. Although we did try ghost hunting ourselves and some weird unexplainable things happened. A group of us were in the dark basement phone audio recording and asking questions to any ghosts, willing to answer a few moments into us attempting contact music from upstairs starts blaring. We were just upstairs previously, and no one else was in that part of the house. We ran upstairs to make sure and turn the music down as we were all trying to catch our breaths from sprinting up two flights of stairs and trying to comprehend what just happened. We hear three distinct knocks.


We look at each other shocked and hurried to open the door. No one is there. Again, it's impossible to run down those stairs that quickly without making any noise. To this day, I still can't come up with a logical explanation for the music randomly turning on or the mysterious knocks on the door. Anyways, thank you for choosing my story to read aloud and keep doing what you're doing. S-S-D-G-M-D-D. Just going to Fox Hollow Farm. Yeah. Just to visit it is, and the fact that people live there totally put them on top of that to do anything like you're trying to contact. Right? Like ghost or Spirits or anything is like Yeah, they're there.


There was multiple people. Yes. They were murdered. Multiple people murdered over and over in that spot, so I can't, I can't imagine that. Just based on other things and I mean, obviously there's no proof and you can not believe in ghosts. Horrible, dark shit happened in that house and in that pool house, pool room or whatever. Yeah. But I wanna think that those poor spirits are somewhere better. They don't stick around there. They gotta go somewhere. Awesome. I would love that. Yeah. That's what I think. Yeah, you kicked it off. Good. I know. Sorry. No, no. The subject line of this email is a four year old's earliest memory.


Hello. In mini, so 3 91. You asked for crazy shit we could only get away with in the eighties. I was four years old in 1982, standing up in the backseat of my dad's seventies model car. You know the kind made out of pure steel, no seat belts or airbags, et cetera. The car was loaded with six people. I'm standing behind my dad's seat, who's the driver? My cousin, who's a little younger than me, is standing up in the middle and my baby brother was actually in a car seat shock. I know my infant sister was in some kind of baby carrier in my mom's lap in the front passenger seat. We were heading into town on one of those old two-Lane highways, probably going at least 60 miles an hour.


I'm sure. My dad was blasting some Led Zeppelin or CCR fun time for all until a semi-truck pulled out in front of us. My dad said later quote, I had to make a quick decision, hit the truck or hit the ditch. Oh My God. He chose the ladder and we ended up smashing head on into a telephone pole. I flew over my dad and hit the windshield. My dad stuck his arm straight out and caught my cousin, but she smashed her knee into the console and had to get stitches. We both had broken arms, but that was about it for injuries, which is like what? Impossible. Crazy.


Just odd beater. Yeah. I think my dad hit the steering wheel and had blood running down his face. I remember sitting on the hood probably waiting on an ambulance when my aunt arrived and gave me a Coca-Cola. Yes. That's an ant who gets an emergency call and then Stan for a second goes, what will they need that I can bring? Totally incredible first responder work by that ant. Yes. Be Prepared. Drink this can of sugar and Right. Get distracted. This is one of my earliest memories and I'm glad no one was killed. My family always joked that we should have hit the truck and then sued. In hindsight, oh my Jesus. I love your podcast and can say, I'm a day one listener.


Love you guys, and all you do stay sexy and always wear your seatbelt. Susan, Jesus. Like the common sense back then. It seems like it. We had enough to put fucking children in seat belts. Right. I mean some of my earliest memories, and I'm probably 10 years older than this person is like sliding back and forth on the bench seat in the backseat. It was like a, it was like we were in a separate room. It was so big and so loosey goosey. Yeah, and just that idea of like all of the things that have now, laws have been passed and rules have been made, but it was just like back then it was that random Oh, My God and, and they, they all lived.


They just broke some arms. They All, that's that is a miracle that that fucking happened. Thank God. Yeah.


We're in the part of summer where you need to remember there are other seasons, But just because this season refuses to change doesn't mean you can't change your razor. Athena Club razors will keep you smooth and bump free all summer long, which could be forever. We just don't know. Athena's Club razors are dermatologist approved and they glide effortlessly thanks to their five patented blades. The blades are surrounded by a super moisturizing water activated serum with higher luronic acid and avocado oil that hydrates as you shave. Plus it has built-in skin guards that help prevent razor burn and reduce irritation. And that means no more. Ingrows And the Athena Club razor kit is also an absolute steal at just $10. But don't let the price fool you. This razor feels expensive, So say goodbye to razor burns and go blade heads and say hello to the smoothest shave Ever. No wonder Athena Club was voted the best razor for sensitive skin by vogue. I do love this razor, and I have to say for someone that shaves a lot and gets really bad reactions sometimes all of those things that they're talking about, the hyaluronic acid really makes a huge difference. So you're not just getting a smooth shave, but like all of the razor burn and all of the sensitivity afterwards, it's just gone. So Show your skin you care with the Athena Club razor kit. Sign up today and you'll get 30% off your first razor kit order. Just go To athena club.com and use promo code murder. That's A-T-H-E-N-A-C-L-U b.com with promo code murder for 30% off. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Karen. What's something you've always wanted to learn? I? guess how to shoot a three pointer with a success rate of 40% or higher. Well, If you're talking about basketball, Karen, then since you're a Masterclass member, you can learn how to shoot a basketball from the greatest to ever do it. Steph Curry. With Masterclass, you can learn from the best to become your best. Masterclass is the only streaming platform where you'll have access to over 200 experts across 13 categories like entertainment, science, and wellness. For just $10 a month, you'll get an annual membership and unlimited access to every instructor on your phone, computer, or smart tv. The Masterclass platform is so powerful. 88% of members report feeling like the lessons made a positive impact on their lives. Plus, every new membership comes with a 30 day money back guarantee. Don't wait another moment to start your learning journey with masterclass. I'm one of the annoying people that like want information and more information and more information at all times, except I'm getting it off like rando influencers on Instagram and that's not how to do it. Like it's not having a positive impact on my life. So going to masterclass and like being taught by Annie Liebowitz of all people. Han Zimmer teaching film scoring, Herbie Hancock teaching jazz like that is fulfilling. It's not just a random influencer. Right now, our listeners will get an additional 15% off any annual membership@masterclass.com slash mfm. That's 15% off at masterclass.com/mfm Masterclass.com/mfm. Goodbye.


Okay. This one's called Trash Grandma. Oh, I know. And it just starts, my grandparents immigrated to America from the Philippines in the mid seventies with three children together. They built my grandpa's dental practice and a beautiful life for their family. They rewarded themselves by to Vegas every weekend. Hell Yeah. Okay. So they Can I just say what I'm guessing? Yeah. About those grandparents? Yeah. Chain smokers. Pretty party party based drinkers. Right. And then kind of like they know how to have a good time. These people. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, we're gonna get to some of those. They were such loyal customers that they got free hotel rooms.


Every time you smell those rooms, they wreak of cigarettes so bad. You go there to smoke. Yeah. Sometimes they brought me in. One lucky friend gave us each a roll of quarters for the arcade and we're like, bye in Vegas. Yes. Yep. So my grandma Connie made all kinds of trash. Grandma moves. She bathed me in secondhand smoke all day, every day. There you go. Put half and half in my cereal and let me sit on my grandpa's lap in the front seat of the car. There you go. While he was driving, I think she gleefully called it the best car seat in the world. So I think she was driving. Grandpa was in the passenger seat. Oh, okay. Got it.


I could write 10 pages on her shenanigans instead. I'll tell you, her best trash grandma move ever. When I was three years old, she and I were on her back patio. She gave kisses to her parrot ed and puffed on a more cigarette while I played quietly in the plastic kitty pool. More M-O-O-R-E. Remember those M-O-R-E-M? Because there was ORE, they were longer. Oh really? You got more, you Get more cigarette. Yeah. I got It. And then to her horror, she spotted a rattlesnake curled up near the kitty pool. What? She ran inside as fast as she could, closing in the sliding glass door and locking it behind her all caps. Yes. She left me outside with this snake.


She yelled for my uncle who yelled, get the kid inside. Thank you uncle. And she reluctantly unblocked the door and took me in while my uncle killed the snake with a shovel Every man for himself. Oh My God. Despite this story and her being a negative Nancy and total pot stir, I appreciate my grandma more than I can say. She and my grandpa loved me more purely and unconditionally than anyone ever has and spoiled me. Absolutely Rotten Grandpa is at the big party in the sky, but grandma is still here smoking two to three packs of mores a day. If your grandparents are still here, call them today. You mean everything to them? Oh, stay sexy and remember that snakes can probably eat children a Well.


I mean if it was a boa constructor. Let's not be crazy. A I want more trash grandma stories. Please. Yes. Hell yes. I thought, and I bet you there are these, they might have these stories, but I was like, the first thing my brain went to was she goes to whatever the pepper mill, whatever place in Vegas and just fills her purse up with creamers and salt and pepper packets and all that kind of stuff. Definitely equal The subject line of this is things that wouldn't happen Now. Mota Liquor store edition, and then it says in parentheses, three minute Shorty. Hmm. Oh, hey. That's how it starts. You recently asked for things that wouldn't happen now on a recent mini sode.


And now here I am. I won't bore you with the old story of my, of my then 6-year-old Uncle Tuck and rolling out of a moving car on the way to church because he just didn't wanna go Feel that one. But I will tell you about a fire that would've never happened today because we just don't smoke like we did. My grandmother, Inez worked as a cashier in a liquor store in a tiny town in central Wisconsin called Iola, population 1200. Wow. Now grandma had severe asthma, so she never smoked. but it being the late nineties, she was the rare bird who did not have a heater in hand at all times. Even on the job, she was off work the day one of her coworkers emptied a full ashtray in the trash bin without checking that all the butts were cool.


Hmm. The trash was taken to the back and placed near a pile of cardboard, liquor boxes. And that's where the fire started and grew. This fire burned fast and hot enough that once it reached the front of the store and all the liquor bottles, it blew up the building and one third of the downtown area caught on fire. Holy shit. They had to knock down two buildings in order to stop the fire from spreading. And in total, seven buildings were lost and over 200 firefighters were called in to help from surrounding communities. Inez lost a cushy job that day, but thankfully no people died. Wow. That's insane.


Yeah. Anyw who stay sexy and don't turn your liquor store into a Molotov cocktail. Cassie. Holy shit. I'm so scared of fires. Like I don't wanna ask for fire stories, but I bet there's someone like some crazy ones out there that you guys that that everyone has I mean, right? Or it could be like interactions with the fire department because a lot of people don't realize it's like there's the fire stuff, but then there's like all the medical calls where it's like they're the first responders often to your average medical call. 'cause they're close By. Yeah. Well, you know, we love a first responder story in general. So yeah, Any of those? Anything. Anything.


It's August or as I like to call it, the summer. Summer. That's why Lumi whole body deodorant is a must. It keeps you smelling fresh all day. Lumi whole body deodorant is safe to use anywhere on your body that's right anywhere. And it provides 72 hour odor control. Lumi Was created by an OB GYN, who saw firsthand how body odor negatively impacts people's confidence and quality of life. It's Thoughtfully formulated without parabens or baking soda and it's pH balanced. And since it's powered by mandelic acid, Lummi stops odor before it starts. Choose from a variety of fresh, bright scents like clean tangerine, lavender, sage, or toasted coconut. Ooh, I really like the Clean Tangerine. We got a bunch of samples of this deodorant and I never really thought about the fact that it would be really nice to be able to have deodorant for any part of your body that you're worried about smelling like your feet or you know things that maybe other people aren't as concerned about. But you get to kind of personalize it and be like, oh, this is my secret shame. I'm gonna take care of this and You're gonna smell great while you're doing it. Lumi Starter Pack is perfect for new customers. You get a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, and another two free products of your choosing. Plus you get free shipping. And as a special offer, new customers get 15% off all Lummi products by using Code murder@lumideodorant.com. Use code Murder for 15% off your first purchase@lummideodorant.com. And when you do, you'll save over 40% on the already discounted starter pack. That's L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com promo code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay, my last one is called, well that was Awkward. Britain's abroad edition. Oh, hey there. Friend Dorino Greetings from Ye Old England, more specifically Gloucester. Yes. I fucking looked up the pronunciation of that Smart Home to the horror show. That is Fred and Rose West. Oof. And welcome to my story. You wanted awkward misunderstandings I guess. Sure. Yeah. Well here you go. A douchebag ex-boyfriend and I were on a holiday in Japan several years ago. it says his only redeeming features was that he had a lot of money. So I gotta go on some pretty nice trips.


Catchers. Well wandering around the edge of the beautiful town of Kyoto. We passed a cafe. There was a big sign on the side of the building with a picture of a steaming cup of coffee and some Japanese words. Great. We thought we'd stop for a quick one. We parted the retro chic beaded curtain at the entrance and went in a fairly elderly waiter appeared looking surprised, but friendly and bowed to us. We bowed back in a very British way and gesture that we would like to sit at a counter in the corner. We were the only customers. His English was clearly Roy and our Japanese was non-existent. So it all felt a bit awkward, but we made ourselves comfortable while he hovered nearby. We somehow indicated that we'd like two coffees, took out our map and started discussing where we'd go next.


The sweet man continued to stand there for a moment, but then disappeared behind another beaded curtain quickly returning with our coffees. He again stood and smiled at us weirdly for a bit, then tod off. It was only then that we looked up and took in our surroundings through the curtain. In front of us was a small unassuming kitchen. To her left was a sparsely decorated living room area. Oh. And behind us through yet another bloody beaded curtain was the old man sitting in a small office behind a computer. The fact that we were the only customers suddenly made perfect horrific sense. Our stomachs dropped as the realization hit us that this was not in fact a cafe that we wandered into. But this poor Japanese man's house.


No, I not one for moving quickly, under any circumstances have never shot out of a chair so fast. We grabbed our things, the commotion, bringing the guy out to see what these foreign idiots were up to. Now one thing we excel at in England is apologizing. So in a way, this was our time to shine. Yeah. Get in there. We said sorry 2000 times. Bowed another thousand times and tried unsuccessfully to explain ourselves across the language barrier as we tumbled outside. Douchebag took out his wallet and tried to give the guy some money. How fucking mortifying. But he empathetically gestured. No, just smiled. Look puzzled and waved us off on closer inspection.


It turns out that the big cafe sign on the side of the building was actually just an advert for some coffee brand. I wanna curl up in a ball and die when I think about this. But also my heart is forever warm by the unflinching kindness and generosity of that lovely Japanese man. Yes. I hope he still thinks of us sometimes. And if he's listening, which he's definitely not kua and sorry, I've been listening to you mega babe since day one. My how we've all grown. Oh, physically, emotionally, spiritually. It's been a journey. Stay sexy and learn. Japanese Lauren xx I mean it's so beautiful that culturally Japan are the kind of people as far as I understand.


Yeah. That they would never go. Like I just realized, I don't know if I can ever travel to Japan because I am the most direct. Like, what are you doing in here? Like, I have no problem. I've never had saying things like that where it's like this is an entire culture of people who would never try to off or want to offend you. Right. Even if it means you are busting into their house, Serving Coffee, demanding coffee, Like went and got them coffees. You did it I. love it. Did the cups match? Like Oh, My, God? Was he trying to then pretend it was a cafe 'cause he didn't want them to be embarrassed? Or is it like the quirky kind that has like a bunch of different kinds of mugs, but it's actually your house. 'cause you have a bunch of different kinds of mugs. What if them doing that made this man realize he actually did wanna open a cafe and that was his true heart's desire.


Oh, My, God. And then that's when he realized, Yeah, that's when it all came together. That's It. Okay. Here's my last, the subject line is 10 year old bank teller. Hi. Let's get these pleasantries outta the way. I've been a listener since day one. I was a grad student then and I'm almost done with my public service loan forgiveness. I've gotten married and had two kids in that time span that I've been listening. I mean talk about growing. Wow. And Lauren made that point. And now this, this email takes up where Lauren left off. Yeah. That's quite a lot of growth. That's amazing. I don't think I've done as much. Okay. Anyway, I'm listening to mini, so 3 91 and you said something about a 17 year old bank teller.


Well, I wanna tell you that I was a 10 year old bank teller. Mm. I grew up in a really small town of Brawley, California. And if you don't know anything about small towns, they seem to make up their own rules when it comes to things. And this includes when it comes to things, and this includes take your child to workday. My mom was a bank teller and took me to work and instead of just doing the usual, this is a bank, this is how the bank works, they gave me my own window. And yes, I worked as a bank teller for a full day. And then in all caps it says on my own, Put your child to work day is what they should have called that. I was Only 10 and not one customer batted an eye when they came to my window to complete their transactions.


Luckily I balanced my drawer and there were no issues. I couldn't even balance my drawer when I was a fucking 19-year-old checker at a grocery store. For real. I told my mom that I think this would be frowned upon today and was probably child labor and there's a little laughing emoji. I even wore one of my mom's very nineties business outfits and curled my hair. My mom worked at this bank for years. One of my favorite things was when she was on ATM duty. This meant that for the weekend, she was on call when the ATM would get low on cash. And we parentheses because why not bring your kid into the bank after hours would have to go into the bank and fill the ATM back up with cash.


Oh. This gave me the perfect opportunity to stand on the other side of the ATM. And when someone would come up to the ATM, I would say hi. It never failed to freak them out and give me immense joy. Oh, so they could talk through the a tm? Yeah. Yeah. That sounds like it. Oh my. Hi from a tiny child. Hi. It's haunted. The ATM is talking to you in a child's voice. God. MFM has been a part of my selfcare routine for so long as a social worker and mom of two toddlers, time to myself is rare and I always look forward to a new episode. Stay sexy and don't worry about the 10 year old bank teller on. Stay sexy and don't worry about the 10 year old bank teller on Take Your Kid to Workday.


Rose. Rose. That's so sweet. Thank you. Rose dressed the part. Oh yeah. She curled her 10-year-old hair. I see it. She showed up. And that makes sense. It's like Rose is telling this story like, can you believe they let me do this? It's like, rose, you wanted to do it. Yeah. You were into it and everyone was playing along. She Showed up for work that day. Yeah. It's just like it wasn't balanced Her Drawer and did it and balanced her drawer. That is amazing. I. Love it. Fun, fun, fun. That's it. Thanks for writing in you guys. We just love your letters. Tell us whatever you want. At my favorite murder at Gmail. Yeah. Such good stories I and such nice slices of life.


I know. Very needed and very appreciated. Also, so many people said they're day one listeners in these emails. Yeah. Are they really? Are they really? There's like, it's a hundred of them. So like Yeah, That's right. We need proof. Go through and you have to show us. Yeah. Alright, well stay sexy And you'll get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right Production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi.


Email your hometowns to my favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite murder and on Twitter at my favorite murder. Goodbye.