
This is exactly right.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus, the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile, so outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus, Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with code space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


What you are hearing is hardy fiber cement siding, living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding, withand severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite Murder. That's George The mini Sode. Yeah. Yes. I forgot what we did. Hometown Mini. That's Karen. That's Georgia It. You know, it's like, should we run you through it again? Yeah, we're gonna start at the beginning. We're gonna read, we'll come to the end. Is this Our first video of the Hometown in studio? I mean, is it off Zoom? Take to ca. Take to your camera. I wore something. Is it? Is it? Could it be? I wonder. I wore something special for the occasion. Oh. Oh. Mimi is Mimi's shirt. It's Mimi. It's Mimi, and it says, bad Bitch. I Bad Bitch Mimi.


Wait, have you worn that one before? I haven't. I've worn the dot, the cookie one. Alright. Do You wanna go first? Sure. Hardcore classic hometown. This is called My dad was a detective in the Crimes Against Persons Unit, classic Hometown with Family Connection. Three minute read. Okay. Hey gang, I'm a day three listener, but an OG Marino, and I adore you all. Let's jump in. In my hometown of Fort Collins, Colorado, my dad was a detective in the Crimes against Persons unit. Murders, kidnapping, assaults, you name it, he responded to it. I could write you a lot of emails. I recently realized I've been professionally interrogated my whole life, but he also let me read old case files in middle school, so there were perks too onto the story.


Right. Late at night on September 9th, 1998, the police were called about a domestic dispute involving 23-year-old Nicole Hol and her boyfriend. Her boyfriend was arrested for an outstanding traffic violation. Nicole didn't have a working phone and went knocking on doors at her apartment complex for a phone to contact, help to bail her boyfriend out of jail. While doing so, Nicole encountered 25-year-old Tuss. Kenneth. The two were seen together at a convenience store when, where Nicole May have gone for help that evening, Nicole was found brutally attacked, sexually assaulted, stabbed, and murdered in her apartment. Like what an insane just series of events.


While frantically fleeing the scene, Kenne was pulled over by, you guessed it. My dad. Oh, Wow. He had been called for backup as Kenneth was acting suspicious and sweating profusely. There was a gold chain hanging out of his pocket. The police ran Kenneth's ID and took a photo, but because Nicole's body had yet to be found, there was no crime to tie him to, or known reason not to let him go. Right. Kenneth Fled immediately and the trail went cold. When his car was last found in New Mexico as a prime suspect, he eventually appeared on an episode of America's Most Wanted. Fast forward nine months, a lady who employed Kenne at a pizzeria in a tiny town in Livingston, Guatemala became suspicious of him possibly because of the notable tattoo that spelled out fear on his knuckles.


It was 1999, so though she struggled to find internet access, when she did, she did verify Kenna's identity on the FBI website and called the US Embassy in Guatemala. Like, what a Badass. Just getting it all done. Yeah. She's like, that guy's sketchy. Let me fucking just take a couple steps and just verify. Yeah. You know, and then run my business. Yeah, Yeah. Although I can't find her name, I consider that woman a hero. According to my dad, Kenneth had hitchhiked there no air travel or official transportation that is approximately a 45 hour drive. Wow. And it says, which in 2024 time is still 45 hours. Yeah. Kenne was extradited back to Colorado. My dad was the co-lead investigator on the case at the time with Kenna's, DNA at the crime scene, graphic police interrogations, and the gold chain noted by the police during the traffic stop suspected to be Nicole's necklace.


The self-described sicko was convicted of first degree sexual assault and first degree murder, and sentenced to life in prison without parole. He later died by suicide in prison. I appreciate you both more than you could know. I am currently a master's student studying clinical mental health counseling, and we need more strong voices like yours and advocates for therapy and mental health care. Nicole Holmes was also studying psychology at my university when she was killed. I can only imagine the good she would've done in the field. Stay sexy, trust your gut and check the FBI most wanted list a Wow. A know. That was classic. Also, just like how long did, did it say how long the trail went cold just for a little while.


Right? Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wasn't like a Yeah, Thankfully. Good. I know So much. I know. Okay. Here's My first one. It's MFM listener story. They, they gave it its own kind of little bucket to put it in. This is a listener story. Okay. What do you Call it? It's a listener Story. It's a listener story. The time my dad lived in a serial killer's house. What? Hi y'all. I had written the story a while back, but I realized I didn't fact check properly and I wanted to give it another shot. Hope you enjoy it. If only like we were throwing things out because of fact checking. It's like truly you're, you're just sitting in the middle of a very tall pile. Yeah. That's not it.


Don't be upset. Okay. But I love the kind of like that's a lot of self accountability. Yeah. Where it's just like, I'll take care of this. Yeah, I like that. And look, it worked. Yeah, It did. When my dad was in college in the eighties, he and a few of his friends rented an old house that was only $50 a month per person. Oh my God. Which in today's month, which is in today's month, is worth roughly $200 a month. I think they met math, but that's so I love that. Nice months. Or maybe they didn't, still a major steal if you ask me. Yeah. Yes. Insane. Apparently every bedroom in this house had their own fireplace. What? And the, yeah, and the gas used for the kitchen stove had to be turned on by crawling underneath the house.


Oh My God. So microwaves only, I'm not sure how the mechanics of this process works, but this sounds like a hard pass. Mm. Yeah. This house wasn't just any old house. This house was the childhood home of the notorious serial killer. Peewee Gaskins. One of the worst, one of the, you can't even, like, you start to read about it and this, he's like a torturer. Oh Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Just truly dark, dark, horrific. When my dad told me about his time living there, he remembered the neighbors telling stories about seeing Gaskins on the roof, hanging out by himself. My dad also remembers finding a large pile of shoes in the crawlspace when turning on the stove shoes.


Shoes in the crawlspace be like Large amount of anything is bad, but shoes is like definitely on that list. Hidden shoes. No. Why don't those people have their shoes anymore? Were they All different sizes? I bet they were. Right. That's like that. Remember the video of the guy that was at the lake? Yes. You need an update on that? Yes. Okay. I really hope they were just some old shoes left by him and his siblings, but my murder, you know, brain thinks some of these shoes might have belonged to Gaskin's victims. I think you're right. Most true crime podcasts don't cover this case because of how gruesome his killings were. But I still wanted to share this wild connection with you all. Thank you for everything you do. I love how you normalize mental health and therapy. Although my therapist might be worried about my true crime obsession sometimes she's taken notes on some of the things that you ladies have opened about, have, have opened up about, you've got me through the pandemic, finding my life partner and finishing my master's in data science.


So smart Jesus. H Like, come on, Stay sexy and maybe don't live in a serial killer's house regardless of how cheap it is in this economy. Nicole, she, her Data and science are two words that like, I don't, wouldn't, don't cross my mind. And she's studying both Of 'em. Both together. Both together. And they're going to help. That's like, yeah. What the world is becoming is. The other red flag for me is that I don't think people should have personal fireplaces. I think there should be a community fireplace in the living room. Right. But I don't trust anyone else with like a bedroom fireplace Where they're burning their evidence. Yeah, no, I agree. But they're just like gonna put it out properly.


Oh, right. You know what I mean? Yes. Or like gonna fall asleep and forget that there's, I just don't trust personal fireplaces. Unless You live in a hotel like Eloise. There's no reason to have your own in the whole point of a fireplace is everyone gathers around in stairs together. Yeah. Don't, Yeah. Don't go individual with fire. No, no. That's, it's a, it's a community thing that we can all remember. Please, in case someone forgets,


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outs and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And That's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's, builtin SEO tools, with meta descriptions and autogenerated site maps, you'll rank higher and search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder.


Goodbye. Goodbye.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus, Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com, match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with code space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


Accidentally uncovered my in-laws family secret at my first Christmas with their family. Ooh, let's get to it. Yeah. I married into a pretty traditional and religious family. Our first year married, I decided to be creative and make my husband's grandmother a beautiful family tree. I got photos of everyone and track down dates of birth and wedding dates to put together the family tree. There were a few dates I wasn't sure of like the date of my husband's grandparents' wedding. On Christmas day, I was running around asking relatives to fill in the missing date for me. Everyone seemed back and forth on the grandparents' wedding date. Was it 1969 or 1968? The confusing factor was that they were married in December.


Everyone agreed. It must have been December, 1968 because my husband's father was born in July, 1970, and babies aren't born at less than seven months, big and beautiful with no complications, especially in the sixties, except you know where this is going. Later that day, we found an actual newspaper clipping of their wedding announcement stating that they were in indeed married December, 1969, and my father-in-law was born July, 1970. Everyone looked at each other with glances saying, oh my gosh, it seems very likely that his grandmother was pregnant on their wedding day. My husband and I still talk about how I unknowingly uncovered a family secret.


I laugh like just so nosy without knowing it. First holiday, Just fucking coming in, shredding that pit. You know what I mean? It's Me. The new element you have to deal with in this family. That's right. It's just like clear the dance floor. Everyone. We, I got some about it. We fucking moves. My husband and I still talk about how I had known the uncovered a family secret just three months after joining his family, because the math is just a little too close. If you ask us, if you're wondering what his grandmother thought about all of this, she played the, I'm just as surprised and confused as You card, which is totally her. Right. And pretty badass in its own way. Always do that. Yeah. Play The confused grandma your entire life. Why not just keep saying what over and over what, you'll just drive people insane.


Yeah. Don't get too much Botox here, because you always wanna be furrowing your brows Just a little bit. Truly, realistically furrowing. Yeah. I loved her since I never knew my own grandparents very well. She was a young widow and one time a real life cult leader tried to date slash marry her in the eighties, but that's a story for her. Another time. Please send it Such a good cliffhanger. Stay Sexy and maybe toss out the newspaper evidence. Emily. Emily. That happened in my family too. No, I don. I don't wanna be too specific. Yeah. But we did that one day where we were just like, well, wait a second, second, a second, and did the math. And then we're just like, 'cause it is, it's Always religious families too that that happens In Yes. Yes. Because like, we don't give a shit, you know?


And actually it happens so much that it's like people should know if that's a discovery, it should not be, no one should be like, what a dirty secret. Yeah. 'cause it's like probably 70% of marriages are like That and don't bring it up. Especially like in the sixties, I feel like that was just pretty par for the course. Yeah. It was just you go and do the right thing. Yeah, yeah. Don't bring it up. Don't make a family tree about it. Don't run around from new relative to new relative. No. The so line of this email is that time I was a nun. Oh, Karen, Georgia and the whole team I was listening to mini, so four 19 and you asked for nun stories. Okay, Well why would I do that when it's just, and it just so happens I was a nun.


Wow. It's my favorite story to pull out at parties to surprise people or if the conversation is getting a little boring. Especially because most people wouldn't pin my outgoing tattooed F word saying true crime loving self as the nun type. So cool. I grew up very loosely Catholic. Shout out Karen. I love all your Catholic references. Meaning my parents were raised Catholic, but didn't really practice, but sent me to Catholic schools. Oh, that's rough. Yeah. Mixed in with that. And some textbook childhood trauma, you know, alcoholic parents divorce, severe parental mental illness. Mm. The kind that gets you lots of points on the ace scale and many healing years in therapy. Hi, welcome.


I ended up getting really involved in my charismatic new high school youth group. I could have done a lot of other things at as a teenager to act out at drugs. Alcohol, boys. No. I chose high control religion. I mean, there's worse things. There Is. I mean, but it's funny 'cause on the face you think, well, at least you're being this. Yeah. At least you're safe or somethings not. But yeah, I got very active in the Catholic faith and a young faith group in the area and it was all very consuming and in some ways almost cult like. Okay, so back to the nun part. Usually when I drop that information I get a ton of questions. Could you have sex? Why did you go? Did you change your name?


After years in youth groups and religious settings, I truly believed there was no higher calling than to quote, live my life before only Jesus and quote. So I entered the convent at 21 years old. Wow. Whew. I'm 36 now, so this was pretty recently. I was only in my first year, and you typically don't cut your hair or change your name until the second or third year. So I went, I just went by Sister Nicole, you also don't take vows until your second or third year, but you're learning about them and living by them already. So no, I did not have sex while I was in the convent. After about nine months, I decided to leave, which is fairly common in the first couple of years as young women are figuring out if it's truly a good fit.


It takes seven to 10 years total, depending on the order to be a fully vowed religious sister in the Catholic church. Wow. About 90% of my days were spent in silence, prayers and work around the convent. Meals were eaten in silence sometimes with a reading, unless it was a special celebration day. That's like, that's my out, I can't eat in silence. No way. It's giving me agita, just describing. Yeah. Nicole's experience. Yeah. In the order I entered. It's a teaching order, so all the sisters teach in schools around the country. You keep a really rigid schedule of prayers, reading and recreation, which is sometimes playing sports like ultimate Frisbee outside Or what? It's so weird. Nuns playing ultimate Frisbee.


They're like, you absolutely have to. Yeah. You have to pray. Jesus Loves ultimate Frisbee And you can see right over there he's playing or board games. Overall there was a lot. See, now I'm back in for the board games. Yeah, yeah. Overall, there was a lot of beauty in the life. As a person who likes alone time, I don't mind not talking to people all day, but I ultimately decided for many obvious reasons that the life wasn't for me and years later decided high control religion wasn't for me either. For more obvious reasons. Thank you ladies and the whole team for making a podcast that makes me and so many people feel understood and like they're talking to a friend. You've gotten me through bouts of postpartum cross country moves, raising four kids. Wow.


And then a parentheses, it says, yes. It's a lot of kids really just deconstruction and so much more. Wow. You've done so much good in the world with wit, humor and discussing hard topics. Thank you for being you and sharing it. Stay sexy and don't enter the con. Oh my God. Nicole, What does Nicole do now? I wonder. I mean, It's so in like, it's just like such a vast array of life experience. Yeah. That's fascinating. If Nicole has a job aside from mothering those four children that I would be wildly impressed. Sure. That's a lot of work. It's so many children. Maybe they're grown up. Yeah. Wow. That is, I love that we asked for that and then someone was like, here, I'll tell you all of my personal business.


I love it. Thank you kindly. Good job.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile, so outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with code space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


If you are turning 65 or new to Medicare, you could get a Humana Medicare Advantage PPO plan with a $0 premium. Plus, our plans have a yearly cap on what you'll pay out of pocket. That means your covered medical costs, including all doctor visits and emergency care, will never go above a maximum out of pocket amount that you know beforehand. Learn more@gethumana.com. Humana. A more human way to healthcare. Humana is a Medicare Advantage PPO organization with a Medicare contract. Enrollment in any Humana plan depends on contract renewal.


My last one is short. It's called my Klepto dad. A very, very short read. Okay. After The mini cell with the klepto grandma, remember there was a grandma kept fucking putting shit in reverse. I am officially joining the, finally, I have something to write in about club. In the first 10 years of my life, I received various trinkets from my dad, things from shops, airplanes, anywhere and everywhere. And he always told me that the ladies gave them to him, The Ladies. I was really fond of these nice ladies. Until I got older and realized that all this stuff was stolen, No, It broke my little honest heart. As of course, I was always taught not to lie or steal anything. I can still vividly remember the image of my favorite butterfly key chain lying in the garbage after I threw it away upon discovering the truth.


That's tough. My parents still steal stuff. We have many, many airplane blankets, various sets of airplane spoons and other random items from the ladies. Yeah, love you, blah, blah, blah. Aggie from Hungary, Aggie, hi from Hungary. Hi. All the way to Hungary. Yes. First of all, amazing and cool. Yeah. Secondly, the last time I was on a plane, I was getting ready to steal it. Maybe it was a spoon or it was something that was so distinct. Yeah. And cool. And I was like, as I was like, don't do it. Do it. Don't do it, do it. The at flight attendant came and took my trail away.


Oh. I was like, okay. She can tell. Yeah. Like I think people probably, I'm sure Get these all the time. But you Deserve It. I mean, I earned it. You did. But I, that feeling of like there's a real Aggie. Just really like Drew a little, wrote a little short story about like when your heart first breaks as a child. Yeah. 'cause you're like, oh, I thought you guys were Superhuman. Yeah. And you've been lying to me. You've Been lying. The ladies stealing. Okay, here's my last one. Okay. For weddings, one bride, all drama. Hey ladies, I've written in a few times with no luck, but when you asked for wedding slash family drama stories, I knew this was my moment. My oldest cousin, Jen, and then app parentheses, it says, names changed, has been married four times, and each wedding has had its own special crises and a lot of drama.


I can already tell this is gonna be a long one, so I'll just get into it four Times. Four times. No judgment, but that's a lot. It's That's very optimistic. Yeah. It's very like non-cynical. Keeping it clean. Totally. Just keeping it dry. Keep Drawing. Yeah. Fine. Okay, fine. Goodbye. Next, you there? Wedding one? At the first wedding, I was the drama and then it has a little, little devil face emoji. I love the admittance of that. Yeah. But I still maintain that it was not my fault. For context, I was two. The wedding was in Jamaica. It was my first time on a plane, and my mom was staying home with my newborn sister, making it also the first time I'd been away from her.


Hmm. There's no reason for a fucking 2-year-old to travel for a wedding Without her primary. No. No. Absolutely not. According to multiple sources, it says my dad, grandma, aunts and uncles. I was a nightmare the entire time and through a full temper tantrum during this era, Oh God. Over 20 years later, my relatives will still make fun of me for ruining the wedding. Even though the marriage didn't even last long enough for the marriage license to make it back to the stage. Oh my God. Immediate divorce. Oh, you gotta wonder. And then It says, I don't think that's on me. Wedding two. Clearly I hadn't been too big of an issue at the first wedding because guess who got to be a junior bridesmaid at the second one. I can't confirm this, but I'm pretty sure that this wedding was the final straw in my aunt and uncle, like a different aunt and uncle's divorce.


Uncle John had a bit too much to drink and was dancing very close to several women, none of whom were his wife. Oof. They left early, divorced soon after, and Uncle John never came to another family gathering except for to pick up his kids. Oh. They had been on the out for a while, so no real surprise, but the timing and the kind of drama of it kind of overshadowed the new marriage, which also did not last long. Wedding three, this wedding was actually very pleasant. It was on a river ferry that took us all on a nice cruise with the ceremony, dinner and dancing all on board. Hmm. We all thought Jen had finally had a drama free wedding until their divorce a few years later when we learned that it wasn't a wedding at all.


They had never filed the paperwork to get legally married and had lied to everyone to get a bunch of gifts and make it less of a thing. And then a parentheses Catholic family, whoa. When they started having kids. Got it. Wow. Needless to say, my family was pissed with some relatives even demanding their gifts back. Damn. You want that? You want the ice bucket back. Really? That Quer? Yes. I want my fucking qu andar back. Okay. You already have one, but okay. Jesus wants me to have my fucking Que art. Yeah. Jesus is pissed and I'm on behalf. Yeah. On his behalf. Wedding four. Oh God. After the scam. That was wedding number three. Everyone was understandably very, I fucking love this woman.


She's like, whoever she Is. Okay. Yes, that happened, but this one I promise is real. Get up every morning and go try to get married again and just figure it out after the scam. That was wedding number three. Everyone was understandably wary of wedding. Wedding. Number four, the fact that Jen and hubby four decided to move forward with a wedding in the summer of 2020, despite the whole pandemic thing. Oh. Didn't help matters either. Okay. She and hubby four are very conservative and they don't believe in vaccines despite both working in the healthcare industry. Hi. What The, when Jen found out that my parents and some other relatives would not be attending largely because of safety, but also because we all had long since fulfilled our familial wedding duties.


Yeah. Yeah. She wrote us all an email explaining how none of her three divorces were her fault. And then in parentheses it says not true. And then number four would be different parent. It wasn't, oh God. I love family drama. She Failed to change any of our minds and had a much smaller wedding than anticipate it. You can't, after the act on wedding three, you cannot expect people to go in on wedding four. No. Like even attending is a, is like a favor. And then don't expect gifts. I've gotten you three gifts already. Go to a beach. Yeah. With two friends. Totally. And a deacon. Yeah. And get it done. Yeah. Send everybody a picture. Okay. She failed to change any of our minds and had a much smaller wedding than anticipated.


She is still mad about this and will bring it up passive aggressively whenever she can at fa, at family gatherings. Oh, I love her. I love her. The audacity. Yeah. It's really an, an unapologetic life. Yeah. God bless when, whatever. Jen, I can be passive aggressive too and air my grievances on my favorite podcast. Yes. I mean, why not? Yeah. Al, also mystery. Jen. Jen, it's not, Jen's real name is totally free and Welcome To write in and say their side of the story. Yeah. Just argue for love. Thanks for listening to all that. Also, what am I doing in 2025? I'm getting married. You heard that right?


The screaming toddler turned junior, bridesmaid turned. Non attendee is all grown up. My fiance is the kindest, most emotionally intelligent, wonderful man. I know. Aw. And I can't wait to marry him. Aw, that's really nice though. I have every expectation to be one and done with my own wedding. I'm sure I'll still have plenty of drama for my next email. Thank you for all you do to advocate for victims and tell important stories in a fair and balanced way. Katie, she her. Wow. Katie. Katie, you nailed it. Your aunt's probably fun to party with though. I mean, I think that's a big part of all of it. Have you seen those videos from like the holidays where they're like, they go around the room and they say, Hey, if you were bringing someone new to the family gathering, who would you warn them about?


And everyone says, one person. It's always the one person. And then Jen. Yep. It's Jen. Jen. That's so good. That's the energy it gave me. Completely. I mean, and it is the thing of, you know, in families when there's like, there's the every go, everybody goes into their roles and then there's the scapegoats and all the family psychology. So we'll leave it open door for Jen. And what if she's just in the most fucked family and she's actual the, actually the true, The one who doesn't get believe in vaccinations. Look, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna guess. No. What's there to believe in? There's, it's, it exists and whether or not you believe in it, it Exists and has been working for a hundred years and is the way Yeah.


And now that it has, that people have stopped doing it immediately. There are bad results from that. Yeah. Yeah. AKA side, It doesn't, it doesn't need you believing in it. Just, okay. Hey, send us your stories. Hey, My favorite murder at Gmail. Hey choir, that we love to preach to. You know us. Hi. Thanks for listening. Thanks for your family, Dr. Any kind of small time family drama, I'm telling you. Tell us about the person that you would warn other people about if they came to your family party and tell us why. Yeah. Everything about like what they've done. Yes. All the things they've ruined Or Like lighthearted leaves, but like, yeah, Fun times. Fun but hilarious. Like when Casey, one of the producers here who's also now a co-host.


Yes. On dear movies. I love you. Told the story on the stuff. Meaning about his uncle who used to carry a bird in his pocket. Remember that? I was like, this is the best story I've ever heard in my Life. Heard that? Yep. Okay. We gotta hear those stories. Yeah. And also stay sexy And don't get murdered. Good. Goodbye. Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder.


Goodbye.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to out less and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


My name is Kyle Tequila, host of the shocking new True Crime podcast, crook County. I got recruited into the mob when I was 17 years old. People Are dying. Is he doing this every night? Kenny was a Chicago firefighter who lived a secret double life as a mafia hitman. I had a wife and I had two children. Nobody knew anything. He Was a fricking crazy man. He was my father and I had no idea about any of this until now. Crook County is available now. Listen for free on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you want to see into the future? Do you want to understand an invisible force that's shaping your life? Do you want to experience the frontiers of what makes us human on tech stuff? We travel from the minds of Congo to the surface of Mars, from conversations with Nobel Prize winners to the deaths of TikTok, to ask burning questions about technology from high tech to low culture and everywhere in between. Join us. Listen to tech stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.