
This is exactly right. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer Experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now, when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


at the Hyundai Getaway Sales event. Get deals. So right, it almost feels wrong.


Now's the best time to get that Hyundai car or SUV you've always wanted. Plus, every new Hyundai comes with America's best warranty and three years or 36,000 miles of limited complimentary maintenance. Don't think you can get away with all that. Think again, but don't Wait. The Hyundai Getaway Sales Event is going on now. So visit your local Hyundai dealer today. It's A great day for a new Hyundai.


Goodbye.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For liability, get into tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite murder, The mini, so, That's right, it's small. It's an episode, so we named it a mini. So Do you see the logic that we're using here or are you fighting us tooth and nail? What would you call it? We wanna know The maxi. So The mini sode, isn't that a, aren't like dresses midi now too. Yeah, the midi sode, That's also a choice. There's also the maxi pad sode. Absolutely. With wings, One of our greatest bits Of All time. The always maxi pad bit. Here we go.


Okay. This is a classic hometown and the subject line is classic hometown, POV from my 6-year-old self. Great. Hi ladies. I've been listening for years thanks to my amazing brother who introduced me to your pod. My boyfriend has suffered and that suffered in quotes through hours of your show. Thanks to me. Thanks to me. Mine has to, We taught young women to decenter men by centering us. I love it. It's pretty intense. Yeah. I'm holding space for that. Okay. It literally says okay to this story. I've been wanting to share this story for months, and I'm finally getting around to sending it in.


My classic hometown story takes place in San Diego Poe in 2010. I was only six years old at the time, but I remember the story so clearly and I've always had a weird connection to the girl who died. Chelsea King was a 16-year-old track star from Poway High School who left her home on the morning of February 25th to go for her regular run at the Rancho Bernardino Community Park. When she hadn't returned by 5:00 PM that evening, her family grew concerned and went to the park looking for her the next day. Her face was all over the local news and posters were plastered everywhere. A few days into the investigation, her underwear was found at Leg Hodges, 14 miles from where she went on her run, her DNA as well as DNA from a registered sex offender, John Gardner was found on her underwear.


At that point, it was sadly clear that she would not be found alive. John Gardner was arrested on suspicion of first degree murder, and on March 2nd, 2010, Chelsea's body was found in an isolated area of Lake Hodges when it came out that her body had been recovered. I can remember the news playing at my house for hours. She lived less than 10 minutes from me. Ugh. Being a a 6-year-old girl, I obviously didn't know all the details of her death, but I was old enough to know that something really bad had happened to her. I remember mourning her death when family members would talk about her. They would always look at me and say the same thing. You look just like her.


Ooh. For a little for a Child, I say that to a child, everyone. No. And then it says, that always stuck with me. And as a 6-year-old, all I could see was myself. 10 years later when she was be on the TV screen in my living room, I remember crying over her death and having so many confusing thoughts. I wanted to write her and her family letters. Obviously those letters were just a confusing rambling of words. It didn't make sense because I was a first grader, but for whatever reason, I felt heartbroken over her death. The reason is 'cause you have empathy. Yeah. And it's somebody in your community and it's you learning about bad things happen in the world.


Totally. It's so normal and, and actually, you know, it'd be abnormal if you didn't do that. You know what I mean? Exactly. Her family set up a foundation in her honor, and my mom and I participated in a 5K to fund college scholarships. Over a million dollars were raised in her name. Wow. Her killer was convicted and was linked to another murder that happened just the year before to a 14-year-old girl named Amber Dubois. I remember this. Yeah. Her foundation helped raise awareness to the importance of keeping sexually violent predators away from areas with children. I still think about her and her family all these years later being told, I look just like that girl really did a number on me and is the reason I became the murder.


You know, I am today. Thank you for everything you guys do. This podcast isn't just entertaining, but it's educational and inspiring. You give voices to those who lost theirs too soon. S-S-D-G-M, Megan. Oh Yeah. 14 and 16. And I like that Megan points out that what it changed isn't that girls shouldn't be out alone. It's that sexual assault offenders. That's what should change is the sentencing laws and that you know, how they're monitored, not what we're doing. Going for a fucking jog in the afternoon, you know? Correct. Yeah. It's just absurd. It's a very slow progress, but that is happening where it is. This is, we have to start looking at the people responsible for what is happening and not talking about the reaction to what is happening.


Totally. Totally. Yeah. We don't need the curfew. It's the fucking predators who need the curfew. Yeah. Thanks Megan. That was a Yeah. A vulnerable one. Yeah. So thank you for that. Totally. Okay, this one's a little more lighthearted. Okay. This is called When I was a trash mom. Hmm. Hello to all the fabulous people and pets of MFM from North Carolina in mini, so 4 0 8. You asked us to tell the stories of when we were the trash parents. So here's the story of when I was a trash mom back in the summer of 2018. My brother and his wife came to visit our family and our older brother came to see us all too. They wanted to get a beer in the evening after dinner at a local bar slash restaurant.


Our daughters, Carly and Julia were 11 and five at the time, and we had just started leaving them at home for Carly to babysit for short periods of time during the day, like a trip to the grocery store. So at the 11-year-old is babysitting the five-year-old. It's just roll those dice. Why not? I Mean, I, it's like you've gotta start giving them some, you know, freedom and you've gotta and responsibilities. Yeah. But that's scary. But it's okay. It's okay. It's, it's totally okay. But I mean, it's been done for millennia, but it's the same feeling as like when, when Nora got her like driver's permit. Oh. And then my sister was like, wait, now she drives. Like, no way. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, yes, way.


I'll do it. Like, like you have to let her, Now she gets to choose wherever she gets to go. Yeah. Don't do it. Okay. And then it says about the grocery store always paid of course, because I was an unpaid babysitter to my half sister when I was young. There you go. Yeah. We were just planning to be gone for an hour or so back at home by eight 30, and we were only going a few miles away. Plans to drink, never last an hour. It's never, you're never No, No, no. Unless you're a nun. Yeah. And even then, maybe not like the idea, the whole idea of drinking is for more drinking. Totally. That's what it does. Yes. That's a, that's a very me statement, but it's the truth.


It's like that's the whole D deal you break down. That's why it's addictive. Yes. It like, it's the point of it, The better, the more you have, the more you, the more, the better you get at it. What's The one is too many. A thousand isn't enough. Like, come on. Same with donuts. Okay. We would be home before dark if they needed anything. Carly had a device she could text us from and we still had a home phone. Everything's fine. Great. I'm a rather forgetful person and I'm always leaving things behind, especially my phone. I realized after we got to the restaurant that I had left my phone at home, but my husband had his, so no big deal.


Right. I mean, at this point you'd have the husband text the daughter and be like, yo, text me if anything comes up. Right. Oh, that's a good plan. Yeah. They didn't do that At this point. I was like, I'm gonna get bake baked potato skins, potato Skins, Potato potatoes, Skins. That sounds, They're so good. I'm just saying there's no parental skills in me. Oh Yeah. Whatsoever. Where it's like, wait, here's how we should take care of this problem. Or here's how any totally, like any, here's best practices for children watching children. It's like, Where's my Long Island iced tea? I don't care about anything else. I have one hour to party right out of my way. We ordered some munchies potato skins and had a couple of rounds of drinks with my husband as designated driver.


We were all having fun and of course completely lost track of time. Just before 10, my husband got a text message from Carly asking when we were coming home. He said we were on our way and we rushed back home. We felt guilty about being gone so long, but it got so much worse. When I picked up my phone at home and saw a series of missed calls and texts from her, like, when are you coming home? Should I put Julie to bed? I put Julie to bed. Are you guys coming home? Of course. She sent all of these to me before she bothered to text or call her dad. Of course. Yeah. Then Carly told us how she and Julia climbed into Carly's bed to read some stories and there was a spider in her bed. That might not sound like much of a problem, but I have unfortunately passed my ACH phobia to my daughters.


So that is a big deal. So she had to kill a spider in her own bed. No doubt. With five-year-old Julia screaming the whole time, needless to say, I felt like the worst mom ever. Actually, we felt so bad that after I overpaid her for babysitting, both of my brothers paid her two. She made over $60 and those three traumatic hours. So it wasn't Yes, girl. So it wasn't for nothing. That's right. That's all that matters. If you, if you can get a little money for the trauma. Totally. Like acknowledge my trauma monetarily. Yeah. That's all we're asking for. That's how we make up for it. That's what Suing people is R Carly who just turned 18, has never let us forget the time mom and dad were only going to be gone an hour and just abandoned us.


But both our girls have turned out pretty great. Y'all are the best. I'm a year one listener and really loving the MFM rewind episodes. I was a skipper for the first few years, but I'm a skipper no more. You always make me laugh. Please keep it coming in 2025. We're definitely gonna need it. Mm. You are not wrong. Did you see the thing that was like I, I had my seven day free trial of 2025 and I'd like my money back please. And I'd see you. I'd like to cancel my subscription. Please. For real. God, stay sexy and don't forget your phone, Lori. She her PS I got an Elvis. Do you want a cookie tote bag for Christmas that I love picked out by Carly? My third MFM tote bag.


Aw. Maybe I have a problem. No, you do not. I have. Oh, the plate. Yeah, exactly. They rule and we care a lot about them. Yeah. But also I love that that story comes full circle by the two children in the story 20 years later or whatever, buying merch. Totally. It's like a merch plug at the end of this. But it's good because I'm always like, do we have to, do we want, I'm always like, do people want more totes? Yes. Everyone wants Totes. I guess you never don't need it. I Have like 14 And how, sorry, but how long were they gone? I missed it. It seems like three hours maybe. Oh, That's fucking nothing. Are you kidding me? How dare you. Oh, 11 these days is like young though. We were smoking fucking cloves already, but these Days Yeah.


It's so young and it's so not at home by yourself with little kids. No, no. Also it is that thing where it's like, whether it's a spider in your bed or just the idea that suddenly like you look into the kitchen and everything looks kind of sinister and sharp. Yeah. Like it's just like, it's such a young, it's the first time to be like, oh, and if something goes down, it's on me. And it's so quiet. The first time you're like home alone. So quiet. Especially when you hear the scratching in the attic. Right. Oof. I was home by myself and, but I was like 21 or two and I heard something in the attic and I had a cat that was just staring at the attic.


Oh. Where it was like, it was probably a possum. Yeah. But then when I, I was like, so I went into my parents' like it's, it's gonna sound super fancy, but they have a walk-in closet that's the most low key walk-in closet of all time. But, but yeah. It's like you can step inside. Yeah. It's very like 1987 version. Yeah. But I went to try the door and it felt like someone was pressing back against the door. Huh. And I ran, I just ran, got into my car and drove out to my old neighbor's house and I was like, it was like almost midnight. I was like, he's like, what are you doing? And I'm like, you have to come back with me. I think someone's at my parents' house and I made him come and like, check the entire house. Good for you. I would've been like crazy. I'm pretending that didn't happen and like going That it was because the cat.


Yeah, the cat was, the cat was like basically pointing to the door. The Cats will alert you. They will alert you and freak you the fuck out.


Right. Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery To save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh. But the best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected. With SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard, outdoor protection simply saves monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah. I turned mine on. Even when I go to walk Cookie, like mine is always on. Right. Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't. I don't think that's something we can ask for, but I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash F aav.


There's no safe Flex SimpliSafe on.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So how do you find the perfect piece? Easy. You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look at that nearer dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously, article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye.


The subject line of this email is Runaway child. Hi, lovely ladies. Longtime listener. Fourth or fifth time writer. I've lost count when I was in second grade. They just go right into it. I love it. Just a little bit of a passive aggressive hint, hint. And then here we go. When I was in second grade, my mom took a leave of absence from work to stay home with my youngest brother who had just been born the year before. During this time, she also watched two family friends after school to earn some extra cash. I can only assume she was being compensated. Oh God. That was in parentheses. Brennan was my best friend at the time, and one day we decided that I was gonna go home with her while our moms were inside talking.


I snuck into the backseat of her car. This is my jam. This is KK All the way, Age nine. I just loved this shit. I loved doing this shit. Okay. This was just a normal four-door car, not an SUV with a hatchback. So I laid on the floor behind her driver's seat and Brennan and her little sister covered me with their backpacks and coats. And then in parentheses, for some reason I remember foil, but that seems like an absurd thing for eight year olds to have on hand. Maybe they had one of those like runner's post runs. Yes. Foil jackets. Yeah, like, or like blankets.


Some kind of a camping, leftover camping equipment. Or someone did a 10 K. How many Ks is it 12 K? Five? It's 10. 5K. 10 k. I don't think you'd need one for 5K. Or maybe not even a 10 K. How, how long was the last one you ran? Honestly, I ran, I used to run five and 10 Ks when I was like in elementary school with my mom. What? I know. I loved running as a kid. What? I know, it's weird. Oh, It's still fresh Georgia. There's still stuff to learn about each other. I know. Look, look at us. Look, Look at us. Still discovery. We're still in a discovery. Look at us. It's still, you can still, there's still time to go back. So I'm like, no, there fucking isn't.


No. No. Oh, please don't. You'll immediately, both your hips will fall off. Her mom got in the car and started driving. I held my breath and tried to steady my breathing. We made it to Brennan's house and they all got out of the car. This is where the plan faltered as We didn't actually think I'd make it to her house. Brendan was able to sneak back into the garage and get me to the basement. At this point we had no idea what to do. Would my mom freak out and call wondering where I was? No. Would Brennan's mom find me? No. After an hour or so, we both went upstairs and told Brendan's mom what had happened. She was none too thrilled and called my mom to let her know.


I assumed at this point there'd be a search happening as we were going on. Two hours of an 8-year-old missing from home. Yeah. But alas, neither my mom or dad knew I was gone. What The, she went to pick her up at school and came home without her. Where is the like there's no, how do you miss that? She just, because she was kind of chatting and, and just like, she got distracted. I'm sure my 6-year-old and 1-year-old brothers were keeping them occupied. That's what it is. They had intense baby brain. Right. Anyway, I don't know how I got back home, but after that day, Brennan's mom always checked the backseat. Yeah. Thanks for all you do to make the world a better place. And for giving shout outs to teachers when talking about Karen's sister.


It can be rough out there. Stay sexy. And are you a runaway? If no one notices Bailey. Oh, tough. It's not fair. It's not, it's not fair. That's hilarious. It's like they pay attention to you when you don't want them to pay attention to you. Right. And then no one pays attention when you are trying to do a show. Oh, you see fucking everything when I'm trying to be sneaky and then I'm trying to do a show. Yeah. I'm not gonna tell you the title of this one, but you'll probably, you'll probably get it. Okay. Hi everyone. Then it just goes into, somewhere in the Midwest. During the eighties, my younger sister and I were dragged to my grandpa's house so the family could go out back and play cards. Like what would you give to fucking be there right now?


Right. The, in the sixties you Said eighties. Even in the Midwest playing cards in the backyard. Like, I mean, just, I, you know, there was cafe lights hung from a tree to the back. Porch. Roof. Oh. And speaking of Miller High life stuck in every, it was just like bottles popping. Right. And if you're gonna talk about cafe lights, you Better be talking about Miller High Life Girl. That's our song. That's our country song. We're about to write. It's good. Get Ready. When we first arrived, everyone ate dinner and then the kids were promptly shoved into the spare room to quote play This bedroom was circa 1960 with shag carpet rock, hard bed. I, my grandma had this fucking room.


Yeah. Everything smelled musty and it had a small TV with a VCR in the bottom to play Lassie for the hundredth time. Like I am there. Yeah. You know, it was kid prison, which is one word. I'm about seven. And the oldest, between all the kids, there are five of us bored out of our minds. So naturally we need to do something about that. Earlier during dinner, I remembered seeing this massive jar in the fridge filled with red stuff. And before being shoved into kid prison, I got a sneak peek now to the master plan. I convinced my cousin to go with me to get the jar because it's a two-man job. Plus I had another cousin being lookout. We were sophisticated criminals. Then we managed to slowly carry this massive jar of cherries to the kid prison where we all stood around and admired its glory.


Mar is, there's nothing better in life when you're a child than Marino cherries. I'm sorry to keep on talking about Nora, but she, to this day, anytime we go out to eat lunch or dinner, she's like, can I get a chili temple? Yeah. And it's like you're 18 years old. But it's that vibe. It's that it is a magical, it'll never not be magical. No, I, I was seven and I still remember the waiter at the restaurant overhearing me say, I did a million Marsha on cherry if I could. And he brought me a fucking like shot glass full of that. I still, it was like one of the best days of my life. That's called customer service right there. That's fucking right. I'm sure my dad tip like, shit. Okay, Marty, what A okay. Da da da da.


Glory. We finally cracked it open, all grabbed a cherry and popped it in her mouth at the same time, almost as quick, we instantly spit it out. Ew. Gross. These cherries don't taste right. And then we decided we don't care. And we went full in. I had a pink arm up to my bicep from grabbing cherries. We were in heaven. And then so the, the title of this one's called Drunk Kids because it says yes. Fast forward to drunk parents Finding drunk kids passed out everywhere with a cherry list jar. Everyone was freaking out. Kids were stumbling. My little sister puking. It's hilarious to hear the stories because I only remember the first part of that night.


To this day, my aunts and uncles can't agree what the cherries were soaking in. Some saying Moonshine, Some say gin. Others say moonshine. Yes. Yes. Stay sexy and don't put your boozy fruit on the bottom shelf. Sues Sues the Okay wait. It was her brothers and sisters and then like cousins. Cousins. Yeah. Fuck that. There's, there's something really joyous. There was a moment post trying the like. 'cause it's so little kid to be like, these taste terrible. Yeah. While we're just gonna be Beating them, but I didn't want them. Yeah, I want them and I have to have them. But there must have been this glory moment between like the last little kid eating their Marino cherry and some sort of, let's run on the couch.


Let's chase each other. But on the couch type of thing. Like some older sister came up with a rad game for a bunch of drunk moonshine, drunk kids that probably only could be sustained for about four minutes. And then it was mayhem. For the moment. Maym there was glory and it was, there was True all kids. You know the Flo is lava style game joy. Yeah. Oh, to go back And you've been searching for it ever since. And you'll never find it. I'll never find


it. Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family. Great friends, Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After Years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery To save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


You may love the finer things in life like soft, cashmere, silk, and effortlessly chic fashion. But your bank account probably doesn't always agree.


Fortunately, We have Quince. With Quince, you can get quality luxury essentials without the hefty price tag, like their Mongolian cashmere sweater starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I Feel like I need to apologize to people. 'cause I have one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters in the dark gray and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times. And I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for $50, Quince cares about us. It feels like it's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We Should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear a different one every day of the week. I mean, I absolutely will Give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air fresh flowers, crisp mornings, that first warm breeze through an open window. It's The time of year when everything smells amazing. And thanks to Pretty Litter Your Home Can Too.


Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean, a huge thing of kitty litter shipped to your door alone is an amazing convenience and perk. But then the fact that Pretty Litter helps you track your cat's health and make sure that your cat is doing okay as like takes care of odor in your home. What more do you want? Yeah. As someone with an older kitty cat and looking at you Mimi, it is like such peace of mind to know that if something's going on with her kidneys, I'll know immediately instead of like months in the future when she shows me some other sign. Pretty litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy Pretty litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


My last email is a classic Trash dad and in parentheses, that's what the subject line is. And then it says Four minute read. So it says, I've been listening since 2018 and I started with the episode where you covered the serial killer in Hawaii, followed by Coincidence Island. Nice. The rest is history. You are truly the best slash my favorite. Thank you. My parents divorced when I was in elementary school and my dad moved out to the Pacific Northwest from the Midwest to basically start over. That meant for two weeks over Christmas and two months every summer my sister and I got to fly out and visit. We did lots of fun activities in Washington and my dad enjoyed the outdoors and encouraged us to do the same.


Sometimes his eagerness for us to have fun bordered on dangerous. So my favorite, these are My favorite single dads. So much fun. Single dads riffing activities. Yep. How do I do this? What's, what's, what do I think is fun? They'll be fine, is usually the mentality. One summer when I was about 14, my dad thought it would be very fun for me and my 15-year-old sister and 12-year-old stepbrother to go on a canoe voyage. He had a small canoe that we would utilize in small ponds, mostly to putter around and go fishing. The plan drop the three of us children off at a boat dock on the Columbia River in this section of the river.


It was a few hundred feet wide, very swift and very deep. And a canoe. And a canoe. And the Columbia river's fucking serious shit. Is it okay? Shit. The first thing I thought of was like, I'm pretty sure we've done stories that involves the Columbia River. Yeah. Somewhere in my filing cabinet of my life. Yeah. But then also they have their own clothing line. Oh. So you know, it's not just like a low key river, a Trickle. There's no trickle for a clothing line. There's gotta be like some rapids and shit. Yeah. Okay. Could be wrong now. Okay. We were armed with three paddles, three life jackets, a safe, and then it says in parentheses a safe trash ad and a cooler of water and snacks.


My sister had a small primitive cell phone circa 2010 that we put in a plastic bag in the cooler. Smart, smart. I kid you not. He dropped us off and casually said, I'll pick you up in a few hours down river. No, No, No. I'll pick you up in a few hours down river. Just make sure you don't go past the dock I need to get you at. And thus our adventure began. No, Like, holy shit. Oh my God. We did not realize how massive the river was until it was just us on our tiny canoe. We stayed close to the edge so we wouldn't get out to water.


That was too deep. We stopped for a lovely picnic lunch on a small sandbar. Our chests puffed up at our false senses of accomplishment at Lewis and clerking our way down this river. We were almost to our pickup point when we snagged a low hanging branch and tipped the canoe. Ooh. I'm proud to say that I saved the snack cooler and after getting the canoe to the bank and putting it back upright, we journeyed on and even found the ore we lost in the capsizing floating down the river slightly ahead of us. That's pretty cool. All in all, a great experience minus getting eaten alive by mosquitoes and tipping the canoe. My dad was proud of us for doing it by ourselves. I see now that plopping three children in a massive river alone was not his best idea.


He died when I was 18 after a short and brutal cancer fight. That is one of the saddest sentences you can write. Yeah, Totally. I wish he were here to teach my kids the grandkids. He never got to meet how to do all the amazing things he taught me to do. I like to think that he sees me now and is proud. Stay sexy and hug your dad, Mallory. Aw Mallory. Yeah, like once they got back I was like, like safely. I was like, he really like gave them courage and like that was maybe the point is like you can make it here and back. Fucking do it. Yeah. And maybe he was like secretly driving along somewhere.


Right. Watching them. Although it doesn't feel like It. No, But no, it is that kind of, somebody was talking about that I'm sure on TikTok, but it's that thing of like, we really did this older generation that really was like we were, we had play-based learning. Yeah. We were outside all the time. We had to deal with, we would create issues and we had to solve those issues. Yeah. Like all that kind of stuff. My childhood mantra that my mom always said was fend for yourself and yeah. We fucking did it. Yeah. Okay. My last one, this is called Serendipitous half Sister. It says approximately three minute 45 second read at Georgia Speed.


Is that Me? Are you fast or slow? I Don dunno. In between. I've gotta be fast according to my mom. Okay. Isn't it weird? Every once in a while you just get that thing of like how we are being perceived. Like we are being perceived in the wildest fucking weirdest ways that like have nothing to do with who I know myself to be. No, but I think after nine years it's gotta be pretty accurate. You know what I mean? I know. Like I know. I just don't like it. I It's not up to them. It's up to me. Sorry. Okay. Well I read fast, So here we go. And this is long. Prove it right now. Happy New Year y'all A little late, but I partied a bit too hard to say it on time. You asked for crazy coincidence stories in your last hometown episode. So this is the story of my father's long lost half sister and how a random drunk guy from Texas got sober and reconnected the two of them.


Hmm. It seemed like every vacation my family took even states away. My father would run into someone he knew from long ago, be it a pool campground, cracker Barrel, or many times at AA meetings. Dad was like a magnet for that sort of thing. Maybe it had to do with the fact that AA is often astonishingly full of people you used to know. Yeah, that's right. True. He was a masterful storyteller. Dad never grew tired of sharing stories about running wild with mischief as a little boy in the streets of New York City during the Great Depression. And then it's a, in parentheses, 1930s as if I also don't fucking know when I'm like a little That's what you're talking about. I get it. I hear you. That hurts. That hurts.


I know when that is. Sorry. Just for future writers in, if you have a dad that grew up on the fucking literal streets of New York City Yeah. During the depression and, and you're gonna brag that he has great stories and you don't share one synopsized version with us Quick. A quickie before you get to your main, come on. I know. I know. It's already long. So they probably are like, how am I gonna get this, please? He's right back in. He's right back In. We spent rainy days binge watching BHS tapes of Oliver and Hardy, the Three Stooges and Little Rascals, while imagining his childhood as a soot covered scro roll playing in black and white Oliver And Hardy. Is that what, what's written there? Oliver and Hardy? Yeah. It's Laurel and Hardy.


I know, right? Oliver? Maybe it's a, I think one of their fla names was Oliver. It was like Stan Laurel and somebody Oliver Probably. And maybe it auto correct. Or Oliver Hardy. Yeah. Well, Well, well hate to correct. You can't go back and also not know the truth. But that's kind of, that's how I really am. I'm keeping it. Okay. Now that I understand what nostalgia looks like, I can see it in memories of my father's face as he recounted the details of his Cece juvenile adolescence. Like that there Was a guess. So he made up A word. There was always a moment. Dad will recall his half sister Dorothy, who had left home as a teenager.


I suppose she could not get along with my grandmother who may have had a heavy hand. Hmm. Dad prayed to find her someday. She was the only one who might still remain. Having eventually moved away from New York, my family ended up in South Carolina. I was about 11 years old when after an AA meeting, my father spoke with a visiting Texan about his long lost sister Dorothy. The man's face twisted into amazement. He himself had met a woman years before who had gone on in the same fashion about her long lost brother. The strange Texan had met her on a separate trip to New York years before becoming sober, and apparently shared this very intimate conversation with her and stayed in Christmas card contact her name Dottie, shorthand for Dorothy The stranger.


Took our phone number and told my dad, when I get home, I'll just check and let you know. Well, it was her. All right. What The fuck? That's crazy. I know. It happened quickly. And the two were soon hollering on the phone. A few weeks later, dad was on a flight to meet her. He came back with new photos of my grandfather and even of himself. Many he had never seen before. None of which I had seen until then. Dad had only one remaining photo of his father. They all only exist in photos now. And I recount the past by these limited images I have. But this little serendipitous moment remains the story that connects them to me in ways that is still so inexplicable. I'm Irish blooded and long-winded.


So I'm afraid of sending too long of an email. There you go. But some other someday I'll tell you about my mother, who after spending 14 years as a nun, fell in love with my same magical trash dad who was under indictment at the time. Yes. What? Yes. And this is it. It says S-S-G-G-M and it signed boop with an exclamation mark and a fucking emoji smiley face. Boop Boop. That's the person's name. That's How they signed it. Boop boop. Like what you do to a cat, Cat or they just are like, I'm out. Yeah, I'm out. We're Done. This is anonymous, basically. Boop Boop. Oh my God. That was delightful.


Yeah. But I feel like people need to understand the important parts of stories. You don't have to hear the whole story about the nun and the guy under indictment. Just like the moments that their hand first touched. Like, just give us a little bit of that. What was the, yeah, what was the pre to the breakthrough? Yeah. To the I am I am gonna break up with Jesus and get with you. Like a straight up criminal. It had to be hot as fuck to be like that. Powerful praise. Right. Praise the Lord. Yeah. Praise that Lord. Send us your Stories. You're Yes. We're not, Oh my God. I want nun stories.


What the nuns need to start writing in. That's right. Why did you, except the calling. Right? Why? Why did you leave the calling behind? Right. Why did you change your name and get a new fake social security number and Yeah. Comment on My favorite murder at Gmail. I think this is the first episode. That's not an old record since the fires. Oh Yeah. Oh, this is the first. Yeah. Yeah. And we are, I guess I was just gonna point out we're still in the middle of a natural disaster. Yeah. So we don't really like, please forgive everyone. I think everyone is getting this on social media. We're like, no one knows what the hell's going on. Yeah. And no one everyone's afraid to say anything or we're all holding our breath.


Yeah. And waiting for this, these next 48 hours to pass. And it's really nice that people checked in on us and we're very happy to have been able to tell you that we're okay and Yeah. Yeah. That everyone is okay here. Yeah. Thank you guys for checking in so much. We appreciate it. Very nice. Yeah. And you know, until next time, stay Sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck.


Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at Gmail.com and follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite Murder.


Goodbye. Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


ID tech. The first and most trusted tech camp is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people the coding and creating people, the fire breathing shell spinning, BattleBots people the just as happy building games as they are playing them. People. At 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country, ID tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, game design and more. Visit id tech.com and Use code ID tech to save $150 on a week. That's guaranteed to be a highlight of summer


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts, amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.