
This is exactly


right. This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile, so outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all inclusive package to Ocean by H 10 hotels and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


This message comes from Greenlight, ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite Murder, The Mini. So, Oh Yeah, that's what we're doing here. It's the email episode we read you stories about Absolutely. Anything, and then we just talk about email in general. Yeah, Just all the different ones we've had over the years. The Worldwide web SVC Global, You wanna go first? Sure. The subject line of this email is a murder at a convent in the Czech Republic countryside. Oh, hi. In 2013, at the end of my junior year of college, I studied abroad for the summer in the Czech Republic. There were 15 of us from our Catholic, in parentheses. This is relevant university on this six week trip.


We had classes from Monday to Thursday and spent the weekends traveling around the Czech Republic as a group. One weekend we were meant to attend a seminar related to our classes. I could not tell you what the seminar was about, but it probably had something to do with religion since we were staying at a former convent next to a church. Also I am and have long been an atheist. Oh, this isn't important, but I just thought it should be known. I wouldn't have guessed. Anyway, this former convent was in a very rural village in the Czech countryside. The village was so small that, aside from the church convent and cemetery, there was only a single restaurant and a grocery store in the whole town village.


While the village was beautiful, it was slightly spooky and isolating. Also, this was 2013 in the Czech countryside, so there was no wifi, but only a single dial up computer in the main hall of that convent that we would take turns using to notify our loved ones that we were still living. After we settled in our rooms, one large room for the girls and one large room for the boys both lined with twin beds. It's horror movie set. What's that one? Midsummer reminds me of Midsummer. Oh, Yes. I tell this story of when me and Bridger went to see midsummer, and then I realized that I didn't bring my regular glasses. I only had my prescription sunglasses. So that scene that's super disturbing, where the boyfriend goes in and there's the big ball of people having sex or, or she goes and catches him, whatever.


Bridger looks over and I'm sitting there wearing sunglasses watching the scene. Kind of like that. Too cool. Too cool for this. So cool. Just like I just wanna see some details. Okay. After we settled in our rooms, one large room for the girls and one large room for the boys both lined with twin beds, we were given a tour by the current priest. I'm only half listening. When we get back to the door to the convent and the priest is telling us where they hide the key for entry, he began to tell us that there is a small memorial stone next to the door for the former priest who worked, is that the right word? At this church for many years, I assumed he died of old age, but I was wrong.


Apparently only a few short years earlier, the former priest had awoken one cold and snowy night by someone banging on the door begging for food and shelter. The priest went to open the door, and after speaking to the man through the door, decided to open up and let the man inside. As he did, the man took an ax and beheaded the priest on the spot. Why? I was now even more terrified and unsettled than I was before. Yeah, I guess that was a collective feeling because we all did what college students would do. We basically drank the local restaurant out of all their alcohol between the 15 students and five professors, we racked up a bill of about 120 beers, 50 glasses of wine, and 10 screwdrivers.


Who's Paying them for this? Jesus, the Catholic church. Nice. As we all stumbled back to the convent in small groups or pairs, we looked over our shoulders for the axman, the ghost of the priest or classmates hiding to scare us. What I remember from that night is a blur of people running up and down the hallway. Two people possibly hooking up in the boys' room. Yeah. A girl. I mean, please. What's hotter than being separated and in a convent like Forbidden. Forbidden, forbidden. Totally. A girl who threw up so much that she lost her very expensive mouth guard. Gotta take your mouth guard off before you barf. Too drunk. Too drunk too. Like you gotta, I'm gonna bed.


I Don't care what you what? Yeah. Like she was fine enough to put her mouth guard in. Yeah. And then suddenly you get that. Oh, no, everything's spinning. She Was like in the drunk mode where she was like, I'm still doing my night. Ken Beauty routine. I'm toner, serums, projectile vomiting. Oh my God. Okay. She lost her very expensive mouth guard that protected her from grinding her teeth. One of my friends crying that she needed our other friend to take her contacts out because her eyes and her skin were burning from the nettle field. She had rolled in. Oh Fuck. And my other friend and I quietly pushing our twin beds together and falling asleep, holding hands so we would be protected from the axman ghost priest.


Aw. While no one died or was haunted by the axman or ghost priest, we were no longer allowed to order alcohol on our school's tab for the remainder of our trip. This was understandable and also not a huge deal since a beer was about $1 US and water, which the school would cover was two to $3 us. Thanks for the podcast, Jay. She her. Wow. That's a good one. That was Just like, just here's a cool experience I had once that was also scary, and yeah. It's why we just keep asking for random stories because there's so many good ones out there that you wouldn't be like, Yeah. And everybody's life to some degree or another has been touched by murder.


It has been touched by the idea that a human being decided to turn around and end the life of another human being. Yeah. And what that does to everybody else in the after effect. Totally. I just explained to you why we're doing this podcast. All right. Well, this one's called My Dad Sent a Cult Leader to Jail. Hmm. Hello, ladies. Let's dive right in. It's November of 1980, Inberg New York, and it says, pronounced exactly as it's spelled freberg. It's the first day of hunting season of my dad, Ron, who is 18 years old at the time, and his stepdad, Harvey, are driving through the country to their normal hunting spot. As they crest a hill, they see a hunter standing by his car holding his rifle, pointed towards the ground.


He's being confronted by another man, also holding a rifle, not quite pointed at him, but ready to be aimed as he waves his other arm at him. Obviously pissed off Harvey, the stepdad instantly recognizes the man as Calvin of Oak Knoll. Yes. This is his real name. Calvin of Oak Knoll is a self-proclaimed religious leader and founder of the Religious Society of Families, which only ever had seven members, including his wife, think naked gardening, tax evasion, and getting into tips with the government over planes flying through his airspace. Oh. Anyway, Harvey sees this. What? How far up does your airspace go if you own property?


I can't Imagine it does. I'd say 10 feet, 20 feet. What do you think? I mean, Let us know what, and also what's, does airspace count when a plane can fly over it? Like what's the, what's definition? Yeah. Oh, it's just the air and space right above your house. Yeah, But how high above the roof? That's the question, right? Yeah. Aviators let us know. Let us know. Anyway, Harvey sees this confrontation going down and says to my dad that they are getting the hell out of there because this is not going to end well. My dad and Harvey quickly turned down a road when they hear the sound of a gunshot. While neither of them witnessed the shooting, they both saw the hunter lying in the road and Calvin of Oak Knoll walking away very quickly, holding a rifle in each hand.


My dad recalls making eye contact with Calvin and seeing nothing but pure, crazy in his eyes. My dad and Harvey immediately drove to the nearest house and called 9 1 1 Calvin of Oak. Knoll was confronted by two game wardens right after this happened where he explained that he shot the victim because he argued with me, and you don't argue with a man with a gun. Yeah, But they both had Guns. Right. But I mean, it's who's willing. Right. And because the victim quote had his gun pointed at my feet, I would have none of that. So I shot him. He also admitted later that he didn't know whether the victim's gun was loaded, and in reference to his own gun, he stated quote, this is a 30 30 rifle. I'm sure it does a good job. So obviously the man had a few loose screws.


Yeah. He's not even answering the question asked. No, No. State troopers were quickly called to the scene, and after giving their statements, my dad and Harvey were driven in the back of one of the troopers vehicles close enough to the scene so that they could identify the shooter. Months later, my dad had to testify. In the preliminary hearing at a small courthouse in Fredericksburg, my dad recalls sitting in a small room upstairs waiting to be called in to testify when he heard bodies falling. Apparently one of Calvin's followers had forced his way in with a gun and was trying to get to the witnesses. Holy shit. Luckily he was stopped, or else I would probably not exist to write this story. Calvin of Oak Knoll was charged with murder in the second degree and sentenced to a minimum of 25 years to life, life in prison.


He spent the remainder of his life in prison where he died in August of 1999. The victim was Douglas Kelly. He was a 57-year-old husband and father, and now I could not find much about him. The murder victim. My dad recalls meeting the son after the hearing. He approached my dad and shook his hand, thanking him for putting the man who killed his father in jail. The son passed away in August of 2024, but was a loving husband, father, grandfather, and world renowned powerlifter. Oh, stay sexy and don't confront cult leaders with guns. Miranda G, she her hers. Miranda's like her dad was front and center. Yeah. For his own hometown.


I mean, that's horrifying. Absolutely.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a Mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And Managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye.


Goodbye,


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, apogen, and melatonin beams already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep, helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Girlies like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A Nice hot drink and you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer yet. For a limited time, Try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% offer in limited time. Go to Shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's Shop BEA m.com/murder and Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start Getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Alright, here's my number two. The subject line is faking injury, backfire stories, and then it says, hi buttes. I'm up. You know, that's what my dad calls us. No, You buttes. Cute. I'm up with my toddler. A Marino in the making in the middle of the night for the billionth time. How do they do it? Those parents dunno. How do they do it? Dunno The amount of get out of my room. I would scream if I was a parent. Oh. For the billions time. And I just remembered this dumb thing I did when I was 13. That's that's so perfect. Yeah. That's what we Want. I don't know if this has ever been requested, and I'll try to keep it short, but I am a bit word dy.


Hey, we relate. Welcome. So I was 13 around 2005. I was a good enough kid starting my emo phase, and then in parentheses, it's not a phase. I was okay in school, but so disorganized and never did my homework. Hi. Especially for classes I didn't like. Well, one such day came along and my class is queued up outside my drama class, and my friend asked me if I'd done my maths homework. British British, my maths homework for the next lesson. Obviously I hadn't, so my, probably undiagnosed A DHD brain set into action thinking how I could get outta the consequences and probably detention. This is how I spent every day of high school. Oh my God. Just like scheming, plotting, and scheming.


Just The, the amount of work I would have to do to get out of right. The consequences of the little work it would've taken to just do homework. Totally sat in drama class, British, British satin drama class. I turned to my friend and just casually mentioned that I could no longer see through my right eye. What? Yeah, it's just gone black. I say as nonchalant as possible. My friend got up and it discreetly informed my teacher who sent me straight to the school nurse. I think everyone involved was mildly freaking out, especially as from a now adult perspective. I imagine that they all thought it was some massive brain injury or something. Oh my God, you can't fake blindness, partial blindness.


Well, Don't tell that to eight and 10-year-old Lauren, Karen Kilgar. That's, that's all I told you that story a thousand times. Yeah. Walking around Mervin's. Right, because we were copying Mary from little House in the prairie. Right. She went blind. So my sister was pretending to guide me as I would, Oh my God. Stare up at the ceiling. Kind of smiling. I thought that's what it looked like. Anyhow. Terrible. No one told us. Okay. So the sc, the school nurse called my mom who couldn't come to get me. So called my dad who picked me up and threw 500 questions in my directions about the loss of vision. I did my best to just say it happened quickly. No, I can't see anything. Just the right eye.


It's just black. At my dad's house, my stepmom asked me all the same questions and I answered the same answers. I'm smart. A and E were called, so I think that's the 9 1 1. Like ambulance. Yeah. I needed to immediately go to hospital. Mom picked me up from my dad's and drove me to, oh, that's something. An emergency. Yeah, it's, it's Their ambulance and emergency. It's their emergency room, I believe. Got it. God, we're smart with the same 500 questions, with the same answers. No. Anyway, you're taking it too far On the way. Right. On the way to a and EI realized that this was potentially more serious than I'd bring. Oh My God. Waiting to see some kind of specialist eye doctor. I exclaimed to mom that it seems to be grayish.


Now I can roughly make shapes out after a full eye exam. The doctors obviously couldn't find anything wrong with me, but sternly prepared me for what to do if it happened again. I'd like to point out that I never dramatized it even a little bit. So how it got this far remains a mystery. 'cause you, Because it could have been a brain injury. Yes, That's right. Oh my God. A brain, a long awaited brain tumor sitting there. Yeah. Yeah. Any number of of fucking 13-year-old stroke. A rare, Rare, totally. A stroke junior or high stroke. Like a, A problem that that symptom, like a huge problem that this small symptom is showing that You randomly made up. Yeah. That you're not freaking out about. Oh My God. And just to this day, this person's like, I mean, I don't know what they were like.


Yeah. Is like, I didn't make a big deal. Why did they have to make a big deal? Because you pick the thing where it's like you didn't pick your shoulder. Yeah. My shoulder hurts. This would've worked. The organ closest to my brain Right. Isn't working. Right. Right. You don't wanna yell at you, but Jesus fucking Christ. Yeah. Okay. Oh, they say, sorry. The end of that is, so how it got this far remains a mystery. Unless that's a sign of a tumor I don't know about. That's literally what it's, yeah. Mom didn't talk to me on the way home and we never brought it up again. Huh? I still forgot or deliberately didn't do homework, but instead I just went to detention. Luckily, none of my family listened to this, except for when I make my partner listen to all the stories I've already told him. Thanks to all the NHS staff, I wasted time thanks to all the NHS stuff.


I wasted time for that day. They didn't deserve my bullshit. Oh, thanks for whoever reads this. Even if it doesn't end up on the pod, that's nice. Yeah. Stay sexy and I guess don't fake a possible brain injury to get out of homework. Love to you all. Becky. That's so good. It's Becky. So funny. Becky. That's Exactly what we want. It's exactly who we are. The, I know an opposite story, which is Bradford, who works in our legal department here at Exactly right. I worked with him at Neil Generous talk show for five years, and one day he had, he was blind in one eye. Oh my God. In one eye and had been since he was a teenager. Oh. And one day I walked into his office to get something from him and he goes, oh, hold on, hold on.


I can see through my other eye right now. What? And for like a couple hours that day, I think it was like four the afternoon he had his vision back and then it went away again. Yep. It's psychological then. Sorry, Bradford. We're gonna have to get him on the pod to have him explain it all. Oh my God. Isn't that crazy? That's so crazy. I know. And I was there for it. It was really exciting. Maybe you're the reason, you're like an angel walked in the room. It's Finally the proof. Your Beauty was so beautiful. Like cut through blindness. It cut through producing a daily fucking talk show that was killing us all inside. Yeah. His eye was like, you don't wanna be here and went black again. Standby. This is awful. Just P one.


Okay. Speaking of, here's the one called laughing at inappropriate times. Hi. What is up? My guys seven year listener. Multiple times writer. I think, honestly, they might be sitting in my draft still full. I'm just gonna jump right in. I'm not sure if you've ever asked for a story of laughing at times when you most definitely shouldn't, but I'm gonna tell you my story. Need it? We must have. We want it. We need it. I mean, hell yes. Hell Yeah. Two years ago, my best friend's mom sadly passed away. Me and my boyfriend attended both the funeral and the wake the day prior. And I was definitely crying a lot already, but for different reasons. The day of the actual funeral, we were waiting for the service to begin. When the funeral director, a tall, maybe 70 ish year old man started to walk down the center aisle of people and call to our attention, he started saying something along the lines of, all right, everyone, we're gonna begin shortly if you could just, and then proceeded to trip and fall like a whole dang tree being cut down in the forest.


I'm not lying when I say he was stiff as aboard. And he all caps face planted. Oh. So naturally everyone's reaction was to gasp the most dramatic gasp that's ever been gasped and absolute silence followed. Then there's me, my boyfriend, and the girl sitting next to us. Absolutely. Cracking the fuck up. Yes. Yeah. A priest eating it. A priest eating it. And it sounds like like going over like a redwood tree. We were trying so hard to hold it in. And when we looked to my best friend who was at her mother's funeral and saw she was also trying not to laugh and was standing in the front of the room with her sister having the same reaction as us.


We lost it. Yeah. He was okay. And he stood up and carried on like nothing happened. But that didn't stop me and my boyfriend from having tears streaming down our faces. The entire service, both from being sad and also from picturing this dude fall over like a log. I actually had to ask my boyfriend to leave the room because I, because it was so inappropriate and he would not stop and was choking from trying to hold it in. But it was the funniest, most movie-like fall and reaction I've ever seen and heard. You would already be laughing at the fall. Yeah. And then the The context Yeah. Makes it triple pressure. Yeah. Now you're laughing and then Trying to hold it in so hard. Yes. You can't, But then, then it goes wider than that.


Yeah. Where then you're kind of like, what are all these feelings I'm feeling? Yeah. Like now it's your brain just goes, oh, throw it all up there. Yes. I need this. I need this. It's been a while. Yeah. Oh my God. We still talk about it and will, and it will make me laugh every time. I'm glad something like that happen and made probably the hardest day of my friend's life a little silly for a short period of time. And that her family was able to laugh about it too. Mm. Just wanted to send in a quickie. And I hope more people have stories like this they wanna share too. Anyways, Bai, LMAO. Cassie. Cassie. Cassie. Great topic. Great Topic. I, I know I've overs storied this episode already. Okay. But I do have a fast one. Okay. And she asked, Cassie asked.


Yeah. So I would like to answer. Okay. I would like to write in mind back to her. Okay. My Uncle Martin just died and he is the, my dad's oldest brother, he is the oldest brother of the family. He was a teacher at the fire college in San Francisco. Wow. So for a certain generation of San Francisco firemen, he's the one that taught them how to do it. Wow. And so a lot of people knew him. He's a great man. Hilarious. Lovely. And he kind of looked a little bit like the Wizard of Oz. Oh, wow. So we'd always go, there were men in my town and like we'd always kind of do impressions of him, but he is wonderful man and lived a great life. All great. His funeral was in this beautiful, very modern church where, you know, usually there's a crucifix very, they all look relatively the same, and they're pretty grim up at the front.


But in this church, the, the Jesus wasn't hanging on the cross. It's as if the Jesus was trying to, they're trying to represent him rising up through to heaven. So he's kind of like free and one arm and it's very art like very artistic. And my Aunt Mary, who is a nun Yeah. Of like 65 years Yeah. Who's sitting next to me and it's very sad. Like it's a, the saddest point, this my family is sick 'cause this is what we do. Yeah. This is what we live for. And she leans over to me and she goes, honey, do you think that Jesus is playing volleyball? Like it's about like it's trying to hit Because it fight. They're trying to like, it's like that.


Like he's rising up. Oh my God. And I'm like, you're un shun. None the fuck. You're none. That makes it 300 times funnier. Oh My God. Oh, So good. Like he's Jesus trying to spike. It's like those photos of like when you're trying to hit a, the little boy's hitting a baseball and Jesus is behind you. This is just a fucking, It's him by himself. He is like, Jesus is not helping you. I can do what my fucking Jesus is spiking on your life. Yeah. For once can Jesus have his own sport? He is the star of this team. Yeah. Let him. Yeah. Oh my God. Amazing. Cassie. That's my hometown to your Send him in everyone. Inappropriate crying. I mean, laughing. Inappropriate crying was funny too. Oh, inappropriate. Crying's great. Laughing is fun too. Laughing's a real joy. Yeah.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For a liability, get a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque in towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, apogen, and melatonin beam's already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Gurley, like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A Nice hot drink and you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer yet. For a limited time, try Their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go To shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's Shop BEA m.com/murder and Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Contrary to popular belief, since the birth of man, women have also existed And yet it's so hard to find bras and shapewear that don't feel like a punishment. Enter honey Love. Honey Love is an independent female founded brand specializing in brass, shapewear, and intimates designed for real women's bodies Because all honey love products are intelligently designed by women who actually wear them. They recently launched the cross flex bra, which is designed to support you all day from your workday to your workout. Honey Love Brass are supportive and wire free thanks to bonding technology that lifts without underwire. You deserve a bra that's lightweight and comfortable without sacrificing support. A great bra is the foundation of any great outfit. Start every outfit with honey, love and elevate your style. Treat yourself to the best brass and shapewear on the market. Save 20% off honey. love@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use our exclusive link to get 20% off, honey love.com/mfm to find your perfect fit. After you purchase, they ask you where you've heard about them. Please show support for the show and tell them we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style with honey. Love. Goodbye.


I have one more. Do you have one more? I have one more. Yeah. And then I have one more. Did I read that one or did You? I think I did. Okay, so it's my turn. I thought after There was a second where I was like, okay, I have to stop the crosstalk. I just distract myself. Yes. This is my last one. Hello. Buried treasure story. Yay. Dear. Beautiful. MFM Queens. Oh, that's nice. Thank you. First off, your podcast is the only one I listen to religiously. You have kept me company on my commute to work for an amusement for an amusement park. Oh, which side note, never ride the zipper. Trust me on this one. Oh, I wouldn't anyways, but I love confirmation. I mean, hell no. And everybody go back and li and watch the Nick Terry zipper.


Oh my God. MFM animated. 'cause I do tell a zipper story. Oh, that thing. Okay. And your voices have become my Monday to Thursday happy place, huh? Or Monday and Thursday. There's a Wednesday episode now too. Just, just saying. Yeah, let's Get some more days of the week in there. Please. Can we get some love for the rewind episodes? Everyone? We Need all of your time. Okay. It literally says, okay, okay. I need to know, does this story make anyone else as unhinged as it makes me? Because I've been holding onto this frustration for years and I feel like you two are the only ones who will understand. Also, since I know you love a good buried treasure tail buckle up. So my husband is from France and there's this family lore on his dad's side that they are direct descendants of Hector Burley's.


Yes. The famous composer I should know because my dad is obsessed with classical music, and I'm sure he said it to me a thousand times. I've never heard of it. I bet you right now if we played, if we could play his, and I bet we can because it's over a hundred years old, but if we played like his most famous thing, you'd know it. Yeah. I'd Be like, oh, I know that. Yeah. Jam. His grandmother was the one who carried this story, but no one in the family ever seemed all that interested. And to me, a person with multiple advanced degrees in classical music, hey, who immediately lost my damn mind upon hearing this. I mean, how cool is it that my husband, a composer himself, could be connected to one of the greats? But of course there's drama. The connection is from an illegitimate child Q Victorian era.


Pearl clutching, apparently Burillo son had an affair with a maid and the result was a daughter that there's documentation that bur Leo's actually supported her financially. Hmm. His granddaughter, I think my husband's great, great, great grandmother was sent to some kind of boarding house, sent her money and supposedly left her a violin. Wow. One of his violins. Painful. Side note, my husband's grandmother claimed she had the violin and she gave it not to my composer husband. No, but to a cousin who doesn't even play music. No. Fine. No. Whatever. Family politics. But then she also had a mysterious box that she would never let anyone see.


Ooh. When questioned, she'd just vaguely say that they could open it when she died. Oh, I, I'm gonna have a mysterious box when I'm an old lady. For sure. Start It now. Starting it now. Just full of cats. Whiskers. She constantly teased the family about hidden knowledge, but never actually revealed what was inside. She was apparently pretty secretive and I guess everyone just respected that weirdly. Anyway, naturally my brain went wild. Was it bank notes? Letters, unfinished symphonies. Proof that my husband's family is the true heir to the Buroughs legacy. We were finally going to get answers, except one week before she died, she told my father-in-law not to open the box and instead bury it with her.


No, absolutely not. Okay grandma, see you later. No, we'll definitely do that, grandma. Sounds good. Sounds great. What do you want me to do? Sign paper. Here, I'll shake hands and Goodbye. Shake hands with God. Yeah. Good night. And this man whom I love dearly, even though I cringe at this life choice, followed her instructions to the letter. He didn't even crack the lid. He put the box in a a coffin without ever looking inside all caps and he still has the key I I was gobsmacked Who does this? Who buries what could be priceless. Historical documents. Fuck that. Without taking just a little peek. I bet he did. And it was like old school pornography with his grandma in it. So he was like, okay, I gotta take this to my grave too.


Yeah. He had to have looked and he deserved it. One person, the person who has promised it, who has to bury it with him, is allowed a peek. I think so. Yeah. You're, you are the trusted heir to the mystery box. Yeah. Oh my God. Look inside and then lie to whoever you need to lie to. Yeah. To cover what the problem is. But what's the problem? No problem. She did. She did. And also, guess what, did she do have sex before marriage? Yeah. So did 89% of every human being on earth. Like what are you talking about? Oh God. Okay. We're still going. Okay. The Burillo Museum in France might want whatever was in that box, and yet here we are. Mystery. Forever sealed in the ground. This is driving me crazy. Do I casually write to them suggesting an exhumation?


Maybe. Yes. Would my in-laws disown me? Almost Certainly. I am sorry to have to share this story, and I hope it doesn't drive you as nuts as it does me, but am I crazy here or rightfully upset? We got your back. I mean, you were correct A thousand percent. Yeah. And you knew we would. Yeah. I will never know what was in that fucking box of secrets and I will never be okay. Nor will any of us now. No, that's okay. Stay sexy and always look in the box before burying potential treasure, Melissa. Yeah. And there's ps. Oh, And it says ps. Why do you pronounce treasure? Like treasure? Did I miss an episode where this was explained? It haunts me. Oh, it's you. What Is it? It's me. It's me doing imp An impression of my friend Lydia Lewis who used to do this baby talk voice, like just kind of being funny.


Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's Lydia, where she would kind of, and she would like talk to her cats like that. Or she'd be like, meet your me and cat talk trade your, I think I ripped it off from her or my friend Alicia Gonzalez. I Just always accepted it. I never asked. Its origin. I, I was just like, that sounds right. Sometimes That happens when like you're young and somebody does a funny thing and then you can't say it a different way. Totally. Like it feels almost Like you, you and diamonds are the same thing. Diamonds. That's me doing an impression of Natasha Ero. Oh, okay. Alright. Well, okay. Have one left. Okay. Okay. Hometown festivals, which we love to hear about. Always. This is a fucking good one. I live in Ontario, Oregon.


It just starts like that. There's not much here besides weed, onions, and potatoes. Sounds like a great stew. That's like a nice winter's night. Nice. One of the biggest suppliers of jobs in town is the Oida potato plant. Hey, famous. It was there in 1953 that instead of throwing the scraps of potatoes that weren't worthy enough to be french fries to the livestock, that one f Griggs had an idea. He smashed all the extras together and created the tater tot. Oh, f what? Say his name again? F Griggs. Just F. Yeah. The initial FF France. Francis. I'm gonna go Francis Frank Frankenstein. Yes. Friends. The ta because he bashed when That's good.


Yes. Friends. The tater tot was invented in my hometown. Yes. Every year in September we throw a tater tot festival. We have live music, face painting, and of course tater tots. Each vendor competes for the best tot. I know. Mark your calendar for Real though. Yeah, It's still growing as a festival, but our town tries to do it big. The main street is shut down and there's many vendors selling handmade trinkets. I'll save you each a tot when you come visit. S-S-D-G-M, Lindsay, she her Lindsay. This is like true breaking news. Tater tot festival, Tater T Festival in, was it Oregon? Yeah. Oh, That's easy. Yeah, that's a two hour flight. Chili cheese, tater tots.


Do you think those exist? They fucking must, right? They better. Yeah. You mean like like chili cheese fries? Yeah, but tater tots instead. I mean, and also what else? You know they make some sort of weird tater tot dessert that you're like, why is this so delicious With vanilla ice cream or something. Yeah, That's good. Like magic shell on tater tots. Oh god. That's disgusting. Hey, tell us your story whenever it is at My favorite murder at Gmail. This must be the longest mini episode you've ever done. There's nothing mini about this one. Thank you guys for listening so much. We appreciate you. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Good. Elvis, do you want a cookie?


The This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder. Goodbye.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


So when we last left, you the facts. Were heating up. This is my favorite part. Are we going to break the case? No. We're planning our next all inclusive beach vacation@cheapcaribbean.com. Actually, this is my favorite part. At cheap caribbean.com get more sand for your dollar with their beach favorite sale score $175. Instant savings on bookings of four nights or more to the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Aruba, and The Bahamas. I've got my passport right here. Offer ends April 1st. Visit cheap caribbean.com.


It's tax season. And by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40%. Off terms. Apply.