
This is exactly right. I am Kate Winkler Dawson, a journalist, author, and podcast host. And I'm Paul Holes, a retired investigator with experience solving some of America's most notorious cold cases. Together we host Buried Bones, a historical True Crime podcast on the exactly right network. Each week. We examine a different case from history and use our years of experience and 21st century forensics to bring new insights into these very old tragedies Like the time the Sausage King of Chicago's wife went missing in 1897. Don't miss new episodes every Wednesday. Follow buried bones wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, Hello And. Welcome to My favorite murder The mini. sode. You. know It. It's email based. Do you wanna go first this time? Sure. Oh, Did. you wanna say another thing about email? Never. No, never again. Turn of the century. Classic hometown slash ghost story told by the town historian. Hell yes. Thank, you. Hey, y'all. This is kind of long, so I'll just get into it. I live in a small rural area in southern Indiana, and I was told this story by the local historian in the late 18 hundreds. The area where I live was a small, bustling railroad town. In the early 19 hundreds, it was decided that the railroad tracks would be moved to the edge of town near the new highway.


In the process of building the new tracks, a man fell and rolled down a steep hill and broke his neck. Since it was the early 19 hundreds in rural, in rural Indiana, no one knew what to do, so his friends decided to bury him alive and continue working. Those aren't friends, like, what in the fuck are you talking about? He broke his neck, but he wasn't dead. And they're like, what do we do That is absolutely psychotic. Yeah. And horrifying. The story doesn't end there though. Oh. Later, shortly after the tracks were complete, an engineer was driving his train in the area when he spotted something on the tracks ahead. When he got closer, he realized it was a person walking in the tracks, but it was too late.


He alerted the police and they came to investigate, but found no trace of a body. Ooh. This same situation proceeded to happen twice where an engineer thought he ran over a person, but there was not a trace at the scene. Oh. Needless to say, this story freaked me out, especially since I live less than a mile from this location. So that's the end. Stay sexy and don't bury your friends alive because they will come back to haunt you, max Friends. The use of the word friend is Yeah. What? The murderers or like what the, yeah. I guess murderers technically decided to color it as when it's like, I feel like if they were working on railroads, they were probably a person of color or a person who at the time their race was undervalued.


If not like, we don't like these people here, which Is, that Is such a horrifying non solution. Friends in today's money is a very different thing than friends. In 1900, early 1900 money I mean. Wow. That's a ghost story that tracks like That makes sense. Yeah. I mean, and stopping the train because you think you hit someone is like a process. It's not you. You wouldn't do it if you didn't really think you'd hit someone. Right. You know. It's not just like pulling the fucking emergency break. It's like a whole thing. Yeah. And they, and that happened three times and there was nobody there. I know. Okay. The subject line of this email is my first and last time I've hitchhiked.


Hello Karen, Georgia and MFM Fam. My family lives in northern Wisconsin with some of the most beautiful forested parks in my childhood. We would often visit a campsite for some of the best pizza I've ever had in my life. What? What? And then a parentheses. It says, sadly, they don't sell pizza anymore after the original owner retired. Like, I can't get over it. No. You get to go camping and have pizza. That sounds perfect. The life. One beautiful day in summer when my brother, sister and I were little, my parents thought it'd be a good idea to do some light hiking, followed by pizza and the beach. We agreed because we had no other choice, we were gonna do the ice age trail thinking it was gonna go in a circle around the lake area.


So my parents didn't even bother with a map. And then in parentheses it says, by the way, it doesn't, the Ice Age trail extends from northwestern Wisconsin to southeastern Wisconsin. Oh, Shit. About an hour into our hike, it rained on us. Then an another hour it rained again. We had been walking so long, it started to get dark. We didn't have a flashlight because we were supposed to be done with our hike, and this was the early two thousands. So my mom was the only one with a flip phone and no service. They kept promising that the end was just around the corner because it was getting dark. We found a road and my parents decided to split up the marriage. My mom would walk with my brother and sister and my dad and I would run ahead to get the car.


We were so turned around that I finally convinced my dad to stop a car around 10:00 PM Mm. I remember thinking, if I don't get him to stop a car, we'll be sleeping in a ditch. Dude. He finally swallowed his pride. Luckily my dad recognized the girl who stopped. She told us we were a long walk from where our car was because we had been walking the opposite way. Oh. After my dad told her he knew her parents. She offered to give us a ride to our car, although she was a bit hesitant. Yeah. Meanwhile, around the same time, my mom decided to stop at a cabin with its lights on. Oh my God. There's like two horror stories in one. One family each acting out their own like horror movie.


Two Bur men came to the door when they saw my mom with two muddy little kids asking for directions. They offered to give her a ride because she was a long way from where our car was parked. Sometime after 10, we all got back to the car safely. Unfortunately, the kitchen was closed and we ended up eating leftovers at home. Oh, that what a fucking day. If I was in that car, I'd be like, you bring us to McDonald's now. Yeah. And then to a fucking hotel. Yes. We get, we all get double french fries. Yeah. To this day, my parents joke about doing another Iceage trail hike, to which us kids now, adults always say, no, Thank you for reading. S-S-D-G-M. Sarah. She her.


Oh my God. That's intense. That's So wins. And I went hiking, like we'd never go hiking. Let's go hiking. Fucking got lost. We were supposed to turn back at a bridge, but we were like, it must go around. Didn't how to walk through a creek. I fucking dipped my leg in the goddamn creek cookie was with us. It was a mess. And that was like an hour. So like, I can't imagine this. This sounds Terrible. Just, just keeping on that thing. I think we've covered stories like this where people get lost and they keep going. 'cause they're like, it's just around this bend. That's Exactly what we were doing. Yeah. because we were like, going back is gonna take so much longer than Look. It's just there. Yeah. You don't wanna double back and have a long hike.


You wanna just have it be over so it's easy to rationalize.


Let's face it. The only marathon we're gonna run is one on Netflix, But we still need workout clothes that can meet us on our level. Rone Studio collection has you covered no matter how you move. They've got breathable, durable, and sleek options from bras and leggings to tanks and hoodies. Rone really focuses on fit and functionality with their luxe fabrics like cosmic knit and celestial knit, you'll get the freedom to move and breathe easily so you can perform at your best. Innovation is in every stitch. With Rone, they've crafted soft and supportive layers that are completely chafe free. Thanks to gold fusion anti odor technology, you'll stay fresh and clean all day long. Get ready for confidence without the hassle. Ronan's Women's Studio Collection offers incredible softness and performance with sleek flattering pieces that work for your entire day. We got very nice clothing from R to test out. I got kind of like this beautiful mov track suit and I couldn't believe how comfortable and like silk it felt when I was wearing it. I got some workout clothes and I feel so classy when I go to my Pilates classes now. Instead of sad And it's antibacterial. The Rowan Women's Studio collection can get you through any activity and straight into whatever comes next. Head Toone.com/murder and use promo code murder to save 20% off your entire order. That's 20% off your entire order when you head to RHON e.com/murder and use code murder R for every day for every you forever forward.


Goodbye. Goodbye.


Hey, Karen, have you ever looked at your dog and thought, what exactly are you made of? Oh, I know what my dogs are made of. Precious little muffins. Aw. Well now you can prove it with embark's dog, DNA test. Learn about your dog's, genetic makeup, and get valuable health insights. Embark provides the most accurate dog, DNA test on the market, giving you detailed insights about your dog. Like I found out that cookie is 10% Super Mutt This is her hero origin story right here. And once you've submitted your test, you'll have access to the relative finder. I found out that Cookie has a cousin named Nobu, and Embark gives you insights into your dog's health. You can get a heads up on potential issues so you can keep your dog happy and healthy for years to come. Looking for the perfect gift for a fellow dog lover. Well, Embark isn't just a DNA test. It's an experience that brings you closer to your dog. Hmm. Learn more about your weird little fur ball with Embark. Get the dog DNA test that's trusted by millions. Right now, Embark has a limited time offer on their breed and health test. For our listeners, Go to Embark vet.com to get free shipping and save $50 with promo code murder. Visit Embark vet.com and use promo code murder to save $50 today.


Grandma. Hey Grandma. Alleged murderer story. Hmm. Hey, MFM Etal. So my grandma Candy was an absolute wild child, kind of a gal my whole life. She had been raising Orphan Wildlife on the south coast of Australia. Hmm. Candy side hustle was photographing the animals she was caring for, or wild ones living around her home to sell prints. Getting into it, I should clarify that. I heard this story when I was around eight years old. Kandy was sat at the table deep into a bottle of wine and cheeseboard describing the following events to a family friend. I mean. Talk about my perfect night. Ugh. Just like, and also in Australia, the most wonderful place.


Yeah. A woman who owned a gift store in a nearby town had been stocking candies, animal greeting cards. My grandma loved that store in particular because it sold an excess amount of teddy bears. Every couple of months, candy would drive an hour and a half out to this other town with a restock of greeting cards. She got to know the woman who ran the store moderately well, but they never spoke any deeper than small talk, and the small demand for greeting cards grew less and less. Candy had decided, she did one last trip out there just to drop off the last restock and most likely pack it in. After that, she arrived at the store to be greeted by a clothes sign. It was uncharacteristic of the other woman to not be there, but Candy thought nothing of it.


A few weeks or short months later, she returned again to find the store had permanently closed. Something about this didn't sit right with her. There had been no sign of the business going under, so she popped her head into the butcher's next door to buy some groceries. This was most definitely a guise to source out the gossip. Always ask the butcher. She questioned the clerk about what was going on with the woman next door. And I, I can't do an Australian accent. I just, I will embarrass myself. Just do a sentence and go up at the end like a, oh, question mark. Didn't you hear? No. Well, that is a question. Yeah. Oh, didn't you hear? They replied. She's done her husband in with an ax. I cannot confirm or deny if the story is true, but I definitely can confirm it sparked my 8-year-old interest in true crime.


I distinctly remember hearing the shock and excitement of Kand and her friend discussing the story. This woman ran a store selling teddy bears and gifts and clobbered her husband across the back of the head with an ax. Oof. And my grandma knew her. Thank you for reading my big large story. Feel free to crop it as you need, but I just love you to hear a snippet of the wonderful candy stories. This is a woman who dressed as a Playboy bunny for her 80th birthday and looked damn good. Lots of love. Kat I mean if you got it, flaunt it. It doesn't matter how old you are. Dude, That is so Hilarious God. But also God I mean.


I think that's part of what we do and why we talk about these topics. It's like it could come from anywhere. Yeah. And you could hear it from anyone. Yeah. Like the, oh, it's a greeting card shop with cute bunnies. That doesn't matter. That per that's, that's a perfect hiding place. Oh my. Oof. Okay. The subject line of this email is Uncle Neil keeping it cool. Dear Karen in Georgia, taking your advice here and trying for another time to have an email read on a topic about anything. After hearing the story about Dame Judy Dench by another emailer, which for some reason made me laugh so hard, calling people emailers. Oh yeah. I decided to share my story about my uncle Neil.


Uncle Neil is not my uncle, but the uncle of my best friend in third grade, Megan. Megan and I were growing up in San Mateo, a little south of San Francisco, and her uncle lived somewhat in this area as she and I were attached at the hip. We would both attend events with the other's family. In third grade, 1988, Megan and I were doing a science project together involving eggs. Our brilliantly named experiment, Ah, Was trying to hatch some eggs in an incubator. We were invited to Uncle Neil's ranch to hang out, explore and observe his peacocks and collect some of their eggs. Hmm. I don't remember it working another time that year, shortly after my friend's grandmother died, I was playing at her house while her mom and siblings were cleaning out grandma's things.


Uncle Neil totally hung out with us kids, and I remember him pushing us up and down the sidewalk in an old office chair. Fuck yeah. In an old Office Chair. The high, like, if you're a kid, you could fucking use anything. I love that. I love that image. That's Hilarious. He was tall, quiet, and his messy hair hung over his eyes. But he was a fun uncle. Oh my God. The coolest Uncle Neil interaction was when I was invited to join their family to see the San Francisco Ballets Nutcracker. My mom took me to the mall to pick out a special new dress. The dress I picked out was black velvet on top and purple with huge black polka dots on the short puffy bottom. So 1988, I think that's my prom dress, except for I did Navy with white and navy polka Dots.


Yeah. I definitely had a white black and white polka dot with black velvet, like as a Yeah. Flower girl in And it's like kind of tau tight on the top. Yes. And then ballet at the bottom. Ah, hell yeah. What a time. The excitement continued when none other an uncle Neil or Neil Young to the fans. I Knew it. I guess that, oh my God. Oh my God. Drove up my cul-de-sac in a limousine to pick me up for the show. Oh, okay. Maybe celebrities don't at all live like us, but Neil Young certainly treated us kids like we were interesting and valued and that's amazing. I only became a fan of his music when I got a little older, but my mom was pretty jealous of that limo ride.


Stay sexy and be cool. Like Uncle Neil Kate. Yay, Neil Young story. Neil Young. Yeah. You know with the Kids Uncle Neil. Oh wow. Love that. That's a good One. Love it. But also, so not surprised like Yeah. I would guess that Neil yo would just be like, yeah, I'm gonna go out with these kids. I don't wanna hang out in here with you people. I'm gonna get high and hang out with kids. You should hear what they say. They say the coolest things. Yeah. And also, I also wanna ride in this office chair down this sidewalk. No, You guys push me in the massage. When do I get my turn? Oh my God. I love that one. I love these. The the famous people ones. Famous people Ones are great. I mean truly. Even if you're like the idea that a kid wouldn't know, so the kids, right.


It's out of context and you get to enjoy a person just differently. Totally. So fun. I love That.


Georgia, wouldn't it be amazing if your favorite experts could just kind of pop into your living room and talk to you? Ooh, it depends on how clean my house is that day. Good point. Well, with Masterclass, you can learn from top-notch professionals from the comfort of your couch. And you don't have to vacuum. With Masterclass. You can learn from the best to become your best. Masterclass Is the only streaming platform where you'll have access to over 200 experts across 13 categories like entertainment, science, and wellness. For just $10 a month, you'll get an annual membership and unlimited access to every instructor on your phone, computer, or smart tv. The Masterclass platform is so powerful. 88% of members report feeling like the lessons made a positive impact on their lives. Plus, every new membership comes with a 30 day money back guarantee. Don't wait another moment to start your learning journey with masterclass. The classes you can take are so varied. It's like if you have a million different interests and hobbies like I tend to do, This is perfect for you. Like Tony Hawk teaches skateboarding, what? And then Gordon Ramsey teaching cooking. But then Judy Bloom coming in hot with a freaking writing class like it's amazing. Right now our listeners will get an additional 15% off any annual membership@masterclass.com slash mfm. That's 15% off at masterclass.com/mfm Masterclass.com/mfm.


Okay. This is my last one. Treasure your dad. Abandons a holdup. Mm. I feel I need to establish my dad as a treasure before telling the story of his brief brush with crime, and there are some bullet points. He drove a cab then limos and it said businessmen. Tom Jones. Businessmen. Businessmen. Businessmen. So Tom Jones, that's Another one. Tom Jones. It's amazing. Then planes recreationally and traded in his motorcycle for a video camera when his oldest kid was born. He was a military chaplain for years and years and I wish I could tell his stories about mishaps scattering ashes, which was a chaplain office thing for a while, but I better not as, I'd never want someone listening to think that was my Bradley's remains or whatever.


Yeah, Good. He had a file in his filing cabinet next to report cards and tax filings labeled espionage, which was filled with letters he sent to companies with suggestions on how to improve their products along with their responses as well as newspaper clippings where he'd made an appearance more on that later he had a large book with a handmade book jacket that was titled Sermon Ideas Volume two, which when opened, proved to be a collection of Gary Larson's, the Far side cartoons. And then the last one is, he's the kindest person I know. Okay, so here's the story. When he was driving taxis, he had just gotten assigned a fair that was across town.


He was on his way when another driver took over the radio feed for the entire fleet of cabs. And dad could hear the driver saying, put the gun down. Please miss, we're at the corner of blank and blank. So just tell me where you wanna go. The dispatch, unhelpfully replied, driver, you're hogging the radio. But my dad realized that the address was right around the corner from him. He arrived in time to see the woman pull the trigger with the gun pointed at the other driver. But the gun just clicked and didn't fire. Oof. The driver took that opportunity to seize the gun. My dad was able to contact the police when he confirmed they were on their way. He asked the driver if he could leave because his fare was waiting again across town.


The driver said, okay, and my dad left. Apparently the woman somehow gained the upper hand again and stole the taxi. She had held up a bank, I believe before the taxi driver. So this woman holds up a bank and then holds up a fucking taxi driver and steals his taxi And tries to kill him. Yeah. And this dad does a fucking like, stop by real quick. Let me help moving on. In the write of the incident in the newspaper, the article mentions quote, another taxi driver arrived on scene and contacted police. That was me. My dad says proudly when retelling the story. Then he puts the newspaper clippings back in the espionage folder and reluctantly pulls out tax filings.


S-S-D-G-M, no name. So if he had stuck around, he probably would've gotten like You know a key to the city or something like that. Also, who is this fair across town where it's like, no, no, stay here and make sure this all yeah is okay. That's why I think she was like, let me tell you what a great person my dad is now is, and before I tell you this terrible thing he did that was Like, I wanna a file that says espionage. That's cool. Yeah. Okay. Here's my last one and says, I'll see your maple syrup festival and raise you a grilled cheese and tomato soup festival. Ooh. Since we're now writing in every random thought we have, I'll throw in my town's grilled cheese and tomato soup festival in response to the maple syrup.


One in a recent mini sode. Each November as the days start to chill and the fall foliage is peaking straws Burg, Virginia Thank You. So much for the pronunciation 'cause it does not look like that at all. Holds this classic combo competition. Local businesses can compete for the best grilled cheese, best tomato soup and best combo and win some pretty decent trophies. Any local business can compete, not just restaurants. So we have entries from hardware storms and antique shops too. Yes. Everyone has their own unique spin. Barbecue chips inside the sandwich, gazpacho, grilled cheese kebabs, dipped in soup, et cetera.


So hungry right Now. I'm chill. Locals buy their tickets in a surprisingly anxiety filled line at the visitor center. And then in parentheses it says they sell out crazy fast and then visit the stations all along the main street to taste and judge our favorites. Ugh. There are also arts crafts, live music, and generally good times had by all. It's definitely Gilmore Girls Energy and I look forward to it all year though. I've written in about murder and other relevant stories. I hope grilled cheese and tomato soup is my MFM claim to fame. And then it says, you're doing amazing work on this planet. Best Sonny. Come on, Sonny, you are doing amazing work.


Oh my God, I'm so hungry. That sounds fucking amazing. I'm like ready to live there. Also, like it's such a good idea. Yeah. Because it's not hard to make. Yeah. Everyone can participate. You change a little thing of of it and you and it's fucking different and it's yours and it's amazing. And then it gives everybody an excuse to just eat that for hours. Yeah. It's like I have to keep trying this butter And bread and cheese. Oh my God. Strasburg Virginia. I don't know if you're, if you live in around there, why wouldn't you go and get those tickets? Yeah. Yeah. Although if, if the line's already filled with anxiety and people that are trying to get those tickets, maybe It's I'm hungry.


Yeah. It turns into a Taylor Swift situation where you really have to plan ahead. Tell us your stories at My. favorite murder at Gmail. Thank you guys so much for listening. You tell great stories. Thank, you have great taste. Mm. Thanks for participating. And finally, stay sexy And don't get murdered. Good. Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi.


Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder and on Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.