
This is exactly right.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity, or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a house. It's your home, the place that's filled with memories, the early days of figuring it out to the later years of still figuring it out for the place you've put down. Roots Trust, Amica Home Insurance. Amica Empathy is our best policy


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun in sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive Budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Oasis Hotels and Resorts, and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


Hello, Hello, Hello, And Welcome To My favorite Murder, The mini Sode. Yep. Yep. You agree? I think. I think so. Okay. Well, think about it and get back to me. Circle back whenever you have a chance. I'll, after the holidays. In the meantime, should I read you a story? Okay. Should I go first? Yeah, Please do. Okay. This is called Family Vacation Turn, claustrophobic Escape Mission, Karen, Georgia and Co. Y'all have been my constant companions for years, and I can't believe I'm just now writing in. During a recent catch up on Minisodes, I heard you ask for disaster vacation stories. So here's mine in the mid zero zeros.


Thoughts? Thoughts? Yeah. I like mid zero zeros Better though. Mid zero zeros. Mid zero zeros. My family went on a trip to Prince Edward Island. My little sister and I in preteen book Nerds, we're hoping to see every place mentioned in Anne of Green Gables. Oh, my dad had other plans. His goal was to visit all the lighthouses on the island. There are over 50. Oh, Jesus Christ. That's a lot Of driving around on a vacation to Get out to a point the end of a jetty To look at a fucking thing. Yeah, to Look at a similar thing over and over. Exactly. On a drive to the capital city of Charlottean or Charlottetown Charlottetown, probably our dad spontaneously took us to check yet another lighthouse on his list.


We were the only people there when we arrived, so we went to take a couple photos. My sister and I had long since clued into the meaning of the phrase, if you've seen one, you've seen them all. So we weren't too keen to stay for very long. We were about to ask our parents to leave when they saw two college aged girls trying to climb up from the rocky shore with their bicycles. Hmm. My dad asked if they needed help, and boy did they. Turns out they worked for a cruise ship that was docked in the city, and since they had the morning off, they asked a local boat guy and says, captain, to ferry them across the bay so they could bike back into town on the scenic shoreline. When they got halfway across the bay, the boat guy turned off the engine and began pressuring them to drink and take off their clothes.


Since it was so hot, they were stuck for hours with this creep on open water before he finally brought them to the lighthouse. He boasted that they would come crawling back to him because he was their only way back to the city dock before their cruise ship left. Fucking asshole. I know. The lighthouse was so remote. There wasn't a visitor center where they could get help or any other houses or businesses, and no one had a cell phone. The girls frantically asked us if we could drive them somewhere and call a cab and it says, and the police to come get them. My mom and dad took one look at these two young ladies and with two daughter of their own decided that calling a cab wasn't gonna cut it.


We had no choice but to drive them back to the city. Dock ourselves. Oh, the only problem. Our rented two door mini Cooper, which was already fit to burst with a family of four Undeterred. My handyman dad was able to, and then it says, dismantle their bicycles to fit in the trunk while my mom squished the girls and me in the backseat, and then shoved my little sister on the floor of the passenger seat between her legs. She's gonna get that momming done. She is not No girl left behind because of a douche bag, man. Exactly. To this day, I'm still not sure how we all fit. We must have broken countless unknown Canadian traffic laws, but we got the girls back to their ship with time des spare and to write a police report.


Hopefully they even bought us t-shirts from the Cruise Gift Shop as a thank you. Aw. Aw. Looking back on the story, it makes my skin crawl to imagine how badly things might have gone for those girls if my family hadn't been in the right place at the right time. Stay sexy and rent an SUV Abigail for real. God. Abigail, I love that your parents are the kind of people that like, oh, we are not only just gonna get involved, we're gonna make this work. Yeah. Because like who knows what would happen if they like left them behind and then the guy came back. You know? Yeah. Like, Ugh. Ugh. Gross. Gross. All right. Keep your eyes out for those boat guys.


Hey, if you have any positive boat guy stories, we're here. We're here to read them to counter this fucking bullshit. We know. We know there's positive ones out there. We Know there's great boat guys out there. Okay. My first one subject line. It's the one you've been waiting for. I may have babysat for witness protection program kids. Question mark. Oh, that's good. And then it says, hello. Good people in pets. I've been wanting to write in what the story for a long time and when I heard this story on episode 4 54, about the 1978 Lufthansa heist, I knew the time was right. I grew up in a small Appalachian city in the eighties when I was a teenager, a new family moved in down the block, and as I had a monopoly on the neighborhood babysitting jobs, it wasn't long before they hired me to watch their four kids.


About a month after they moved in and during what turned out to be my last babysitting gig with them, the youngest kid, three or four years old, told me about how they had to leave their old house really fast in the middle of the night and couldn't take anything with them. She ended it with, and then we came here. Oh, while she was telling me this, the eldest maybe 10, got a stricken look on his face and was doing everything he could to get her to stop talking. Oh, no. That's my sister and I all our lives, but we were not in witness protection, just So Just Shut up. Just shut up. Being a kid myself, I'm sure. I thought it was just some weird toddler nonsense and didn't really give it a second thought until a couple of days later when I realized they were gone and the house was empty.


It was poor kids. I know those poor kids. It was then in my 14-year-old budding murder. No brain. I decided that I had probably babysat for a witness protection program family. Mm. I was convinced the 10-year-old told his parents everything that went down and they hightailed it outta there. I was so freaked out by this notion that I didn't tell anyone this story until just a few years ago in case the mob came looking for me. Mm. Of course, I don't know that they were really in the witness protection program. Maybe they just woke up one morning and decided my town sucked and they couldn't wait to leave. I guess we'll never know. Stay sexy and don't blow your cover. R and then it says, name withheld because you know the mob.


Oh my God. Are you the 10-year-old or the 2-year-old listening right now. And was that you and Yes, indeed. You were in the mob, or no? Maybe not in the mob, but you know what I mean. Please, yes. Email us. Oh, Can you imagine? Were you a witness protection fa family? Like tell us. We need to know the details and I I know they're, you're gonna say it's way more boring than you think it is. God, but we need to know Also untrue. It's boring to you because you already went through and it wasn't, it wasn't all, all day every day excitement, but No, compared to walking around in a field full of cows, it's way more exciting. I sure. Oh man. That 10-year-old has chronic anxiety now.


Oh, I guar. I guarantee it.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality, and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug, And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Contrary to popular belief, since the birth of man, women have also existed And yet it's so hard to find brass and shapewear that don't feel like a punishment. Enter honey love. Honey Love is an independent female founded brand specializing in brass, shapewear, and intimates designed for real women's bodies Because all honey love products are intelligently designed by women who actually wear them. They recently launched the cross Flex bra, which is designed to support you all day from your workday to your workout. Honey love bras are supportive and wire free thanks to bonding technology that lifts without underwire. You deserve a bra that's lightweight and comfortable without sacrificing support. A great bra is the foundation of any great outfits. Start every outfit with honey, love and elevate your style. Treat Yourself to the best brows and shapewear on the market. Save 20% off honey. love@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use our exclusive link to get 20% off, honey love.com/mfm to find your perfect fit. After you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please show support for the show and tell them we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style with honey. Love. Goodbye.


My mom's third man experience. Hey guys. I just heard Georgia's story about Third man syndrome and my hands are shaking as I write this. I haven't even finished the entire episode yet, but I have to tell you about how my mom's life was saved by her deceased father. Years ago, my mom, Joyce, was working at a target store on the receiving dock in the back corner of the stockroom. Joyce is such a mom name. Isn't it Such a mom name from like 1987. Yeah, it's good. She was literally standing in the corner by herself, counting items on a pallet when she felt a massive shove from behind that pushed her away from the corner. She turned around to say, Hey, what the hell to realize? No one could have been behind her. Her back was up against the wall.


Oh, just then an entire pallet full of extra shelving fell from the top shelf in the stock room near the ceiling. Holy Shit. It landed right where she had been standing. Turns out there were employees in the next aisle trying to add items to that top shelf and hit the pallet of shelving, pushing it off the other side. Guys, come on. The security guard had seen it happen on the screen in her office and came running back to grab my mom and say, we almost lost you. There's no explanation for what pushed mom, and no one else was in that aisle with her on the security camera. Her parents had passed away maybe a year before this, and she says she knows for certain it was her dad that saved her.


Mm. My papa was an amazing man, and I thank him every day for saving my mom. Thank of your amazing podcast that gives all of us humor and hope. Oh, stay sexy and thank you. Guardian. Angel, Papa Anastasia. Oh my God. Anastasia. I love that one. The like surety that it's her dad is like, so like got me choked up. Yeah. You know where it's just like, because She's like, my dad shoved me like every other day. My Dad was a big pusher, Constant. I love to stand under things like pianos that were dangling out of windows. I Can't tell you how many times he shoved me out of the way of danger and just did it one More time. I knew that familiar feeling, but also I wanna know if that security guard that saw it on the, on the camera, saw the shove where it's all sudden.


Right. She goes like that. Totally. Me too. That'd be cool. Okay. Anyway, the subject line of this email is, hell's Angels used to pick up my mom from school? Gals, gals, gals. It's time. I love it. I've arrived. I can finally tell the story and I know you'll get it. I've been here since 2016, UK listener. You got me through it all. We're grown. Let's go. Aw, it's cute. I know. In episode four 50, you talked about the Hells Angels and Yas. I can, sorry. YASS Yas. I can finally share my mom's ridiculous connection to them. Back in the seventies, my granddad, my mom's dad was well known in the northeast of England first for being a prize fighting Irish boxer.


Whoa. Yeah, right. I kind of wanna look that up, but also in his later years as a respected pub landlord, when my mom was around seven or eight, he decided to branch out and purchase a well-known wine bar that had fallen on hard times. What he didn't know is that this bar was often frequented by the Hell's Angels, A wine bar. A wine bar That's so classy, and it was their base for dealing cocaine. That's why. Oh, no. That's why they're bringing the cocaine where the people who buy cocaine are the wine bar. Bar. That's right. The people have money for cocaine. Yeah. The Wine bar. Oh my God. But also kind of hilarious. You're like, do you wanna go wine tasting and then just get insanely wired and talk about plans?


Let's do it. They end that sentence with, and was their base for dealing cocaine. Terrific. He tried many different ways to turf them out, including installing mirrors on the wall So he could see everything they were doing, but mysteriously they would always end up smashed. Mm. This went on for a while until one day my granddad remembered that if you can't beat him, join him. No, he didn't become a Hell's Angel. Instead, he freaking employed them. He made a deal with the head of the gang, and then in parentheses it says, is that the right term? That if they stopped dealing from his bar, he would give shifts to each of them as doormen. Wow. Right. They were happy to accept the work, and it kept the bar safe too after that because?


Because that bar was filled with wired lunatics with a bunch of money. Drunk, drunk on red, shitty red wine, probably back then, Bo Jole and shit. Oh my God. You know that gorgeous vintage of wine that's from northeast England That just turned your teeth Purple. Yeah. And get you swinging. Okay. Well, after that, my granddad started to get on well with their gang leader, a terrifying guy called Uncle Jim. Jungle Jim, who would frequently give my mom a ride on the back of his Harley, if ever. Jungle Jim. I get it. Jungle Jim. Jungle Jim, jungle Jim. So my Dave Dimo, our family friend, who was my age, used to call my dad Jungle Jim.


Oh my God, I love it. He thought it was the funniest jungle. Jim used to frequently give my mom a ride on the back of his Harley if he ever saw her walking home from school alone. She said she was never scared of him, and he kind of resembled a goth Santa Claus. I can see it. That's Perfect. Totally Anyw, who? I never got to meet either of my mom's parents as they died young, but gosh, I wish I had the chance. My mom is an incredible human being despite a chaotic childhood, but I will say that my Marino tendencies are down to her as she Let me read James Patterson since I was about nine. I now work as a life coach, helping people find joy in these dark times and often listen to the podcast whilst I'm creating slightly more lighter content.


Keep going, gals. Oh, we will. So thankful for stumbling across you all these years ago. Stay sexy. Meg. Meg, can you coach my life? Please. Meg, you're Fun. You sound fun, Meg. You're a fucking legend. You're from, you're from, first of all, from what I'm gathering, and I could be wrong. It sounds like an Irish prize fighter fell in love with a British lady and moved to her side of town, which is like scandalous ultimate Romeo and Juliette. Come on. Totally. Oh my God. Wow. Love It. That's fun. That's great. That was a great


one. This Is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of Tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile, so outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


Dating. It's basically a workout. You know, your heart rate goes up, you're mentally dodging red flags, and if they start explaining blockchain, you might literally need to run. This is where Louie's sweat control deodorant comes in clinically proven to fight odor and keep sweat in check for up to 72 hours because it's February. Love is in the air, but body odor does not need to be. And Lumi was created by an O-B-G-Y-N, who saw firsthand how body odor negatively impacts people's confidence and quality of life, and she thoughtfully formulated it without parabens or baking soda and it's pH balanced. Lumi starter pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, two free products of your choice, like mini body wash and deodorant wipes, and free shipping as a special offer for listeners, new customers. Get 15% off all Lummi products with our exclusive code, and if you combine the 15% off with the already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off their starter pack, Use code SVU for 15% off your first purchase@lumideodorant.com. That's Code SVU at L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. Please support our show and tell them we sent you smell fresher, stay dryer, and boost your confidence from head to toe. With Lumi,


It's tax season, and by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone, but it's not all grim news. Here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


My last one is called Dog Snitch, and it starts howdy. A couple years ago after much begging from our kids, we added a beagle mix with a gentle demeanor and fantastic eye makeup. It says, picture attached to our family named Turbo. This story also involves my son who has sensory processing disorder and will often put things that are not food into his mouth. Hmm. His favorites are small objects like buttons and coins, you know, stuff that makes mom freak out when they're in a four year old's mouth. Yeah. We had turbo for about six months when one night he was scratching and barking at our son's door after bedtime.


Usually turbo is pretty chill, so I assume the most obvious thing. My son has snuck a Lego or something into his room to chew on and is now choking to death, and the dog is telling me to get in there and help. Now I rush into the room, turbo at my heels to see my son looking surprised and guilty with half a candy bar in his hand. I stood in the doorway, scolded him for sneaking footage in his room, and turbo took advantage of the moment to run in snatch what was left of the candy bar and scarf it down as fast as doggedly possible. I went in thinking we had adopted a hero dog to realize that he was a snitch who would sell you out for half a chocolate bar?


Hell Yeah. Fortunately, turbo suffered No ill effects, and the only stitches he got was from a hernia surgery a year later. Get it. Stitches getting stitches. Oh Yeah. Stay sexy and hide your chocolate megs. She her. Oh, Another Meg? Yeah, Two megs in a row. That's good luck. Oh, Here's the, here's Alejandro with the photo. We'll put it up on Instagram and everywhere. Oh, Let me see. We post this. Let me clicky. It's A gorgeous dog. Oh my God. That eyeliner gorgeous is simply incredible. Truly does it tattooed on, I think that's just, it's bring that to like the, the tattoo, the permanent makeup person and be like, I, my eyes like this. Can you give me one of these kind of a permanent Cole Caja, I believe they call it Frank has really good eyeliner too.


Yeah. Okay. Here's my last one. Okay. The subject of line of this email is hotdog day, and it starts one of the best I've ever seen. Enough grab ass. Let's get to it. Good one. You say you like hot dogs, then you need to come to my town's annual hotdog day celebration. Oh, my little college town of Alfred New York located about 80 miles south of Rochester, has an annual hotdog centered festival that you should totally attend. Yeah. Yeah. Each year on a Saturday in April, our tiny main street is closed to traffic and turned into a street festival devoted to all things hotdog.


If I were a mayor of the town, that would be every day. That would be your first political move. Yeah. You'd the first bill you'd sign into law. There are of course hotdog vendors as well as kosher dog and not dogs for vegetarians like me. Hmm. There's a parade with people dressed as hotdog packets of mustard and ketchup, et cetera, as well as firetruck, adorable little kids from the karate studio dressed in their tiny GI and the all the usual small town stuff. There are games, rides, and of course the wiener dog races in which confused dachshunds run around, sniffing each other's butts and eventually meandering toward the finish line.


This is, this sounds like the best day of all time. Yeah. Yeah. Why did our tiny town of 800 souls decide to celebrate all things hotdog? Great question. I don't know. Wikipedia says, our hotdog day started in the 1970s, and hotdog were chosen as the theme because they were cheap and therefore popular with our college students and also for those of us who lived through the seventies, it was the recession and mm times were tough. It was, that was like the gas crisis money. The water was tight. Yeah. Yeah. There was a, here at least there was a drought, right? Yeah. Yeah, that's right. All kinds of shitty stuff. Yeah. Nothing like today, whatever.


Its origin. Hotdog Day is a chaotic fun event with all proceeds from the food vendors and games going to local charities. Oh my God. So if you'd like to cheer on some bewildered wiener dogs while stuffing your faces with everyone's favorite snack, come on over to Little Alfred, New York and hang with me and the probably two other marinos who live here. Oh my God. I'm picturing us like at the Rose Parade, the we're like commentating on it as it goes on below us. Yes. Live. We're live from the Hotdog Day Festival, and Georgia, if you look right down here, the children and geese are storming up the street to protect us from all the hotdog attacks That that float took.


8,000 hot dogs to create. Thank you for the donation from Nathan's. Whatever. Stay sexy and don't mock the Not Dogs, Juliana. And then at parentheses it says, rhymes with banana. Like we don't, I can't pronounce Juliana without that El. Thanks. Juliana. Rhymes with banana. Rhymes with banana. That's the best. I mean, these festivals. Yeah. Like truly warm my heart. Yeah. What's your festival? What's your town festival? We need to know about it. We need to know what goes on in it. Do you think it's any better than the Petaluma Butter and Egg Day parade? I doubt it, Man. Yeah, that's cool.


It is. It's real fun. All right. Yeah. Well, that was a quick one. Thanks so much for listening and tuning in and all of the things, And if you have a story you'd like to tell us that's interesting and funny and fun that you think we'd like at this Point, or horrifying. Or Horrifying or a true hometown Yeah. Or kind of anything in between. Yeah. Head on over to the My Favorite Murder gmail, which is literally My favorite murder at gmail.com and send it in. Please participate if you'd like. We'll give you a trophy, a participation trophy. Get In here. Yeah. Stay Sexy And don't get murdered. Get Bye. Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production.


Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder. Goodbye. This is Rob Parker from The Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability.


Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus, the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile, so outlast every adventure and outlive the moment.


Buy a tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


With the best all inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you wanna enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact way you want, at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Blue Diamond Resorts and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.