
This is exactly right.


Hey, it's me, the quenches. I'm that late afternoon craving. You just can't shake. Wait, what's that? Welch's grape aid? No. Made with real fruit and no added sugar. Nothing answers the call of the quenches like grape aid. Got the quenches. Grab a grape aid in your juice aisle.


This episode is brought to you by O Pill. The first over the counter daily birth control pill available in the US. O Pill is FDA approved full prescription strength and estrogen free. Plus, there's no prescription needed. Finally, the days of needing a prescription for birth control are over. Oell is available online and at most major retailers. Take control of your health and reproductive journey with Oell birth control in your control. Use code, birth control for 25% off your first month of oell@opel.com.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite Murder, The Mini, so where We read you your stories, Did you hear that intro? Smooth as fucking butter. Never in nine years have we had an intro that where we knew our lines like that one. Smooth as silk and butter. Silky butter. Silky butter is probably my favorite outfit in the summertime. Oh yeah. And just smear it all over. Sorry, that was on me. Oh, that one's on me. I apologize. Okay, you go. First Subject line of this email is tunnel or no tunnel. Hey love. Oh, sorry. Hey, love you too. Sorry.


Oh my God. My Aunt Carol is not writing in right now. Hey, love. Hey, love you two awesome misses. I miss Elvis. Aw. I often think of this story about the little girl in the backseat asking why she gave the goat a cookie. I Think about that too. Then it's a new paragraph. Okay. Alejandra has the best name. I've never heard it before. Hmm. Interesting. New paragraph. Okay. I listen every night before going to sleep. For some reason my husband thinks this is weird and wonders. If I am studying, we do have good life insurance, and then new paragraph. You want family treasure stories? Yes, we do. This is all over the malaise. It's just like we were, were in the brain with them and we're happy to be there.


I grew up in Cornwall, Ontario. My great-grandfather was a builder, hotel owner and rumored to be a bootlegger. When we were little, my ma ma and Pier lived next to the hotel that my grandfather ran. Their names were Germane and Romeo. Aren't those great names? Gorgeous. Yeah, So good. Jermaine germane after mass on Sundays and then parentheses, good French Catholics. We would all go have lunch at their house. It's a large family. There were eight kids and all have their own kids. Only about 40 people for lunch. Mal mare was the best. Most of my cousins were born within a 10 year span. We had so much fun together.


The Christmas parties and New Year's parties were in the hotel and Epic. When the pill came out, ma mayor told her daughters, they should be good Catholics and not take it. They should abstain like she did. Mark, she had nine pregnancies. Yes, we know. We get, okay. The hotel was closed on Sundays and then in parentheses says 1970s. My 20 odd cousins and I had the run of the place. We would look for dropped money in the bar and often play in the basement. In the basement. There used to be a bowling alley. At the end. There was a long dark hallway and my cousin told me that it went to the bank. My great-grandfather had built across the street. We were not allowed down there.


I used to fantasize about going through that tunnel to get all the money I wanted. Treasure. Later my cousin told me that it wasn't true and that it really led to the furnace room. He crushed my dreams. Many years later, I ran across an article about my great-grandfather who had been rumored to be a bootlegger during prohibition. It talked about him going down to the boats with the baby carriage with my grandfather in it and bringing the bottles back under the carriage. Smart. He would then stop at the bank to visit the manager. While there, he would use a tunnel under the street to take the bottles to his hotel. Mm. My cousin lied about lying.


I guess I could have gone in to get that money. Never believe older cousins, Michelle. Wow. Lying about lying. I mean that I feel like truly that email gave all of us everything we could have ever wanted. Yeah, definitely. It was like hinge enough to not be unhinged, but Hang At the same time. Just hanging off that last hinge by, It was hanging by a hinge. Okay. This is called fire stories. You say lighthearted, but a close one. Hello. MFM fam Writing to You all again, because this story truly has it all. Childhood trauma, deadbeat, sixties babysitters, and even a murder attempt. Hmm. Plus Minnesota. I'm currently listening to You asked for fire stories and God dammit, this is one of those two.


Yes. My dad is the youngest of four children and therefore the subject of torment. Most of his childhood, of the three siblings, one in particular, uncle Mark was the worst offender to not only my dad but his little sister as well. One night my grandparents had gone out to dinner and a sitter was at the house with the kids. It was around Halloween and it was the sixties, which is really all you need to know. The babysitter chose to put on a lighthearted suitable for all ages movie psycho. Oh no, and that's, sorry, that's psycho. In the sixties when they hadn't had a lot, lot of like Right. Horror exposure, I would Think. Totally like, but how did he put it on if it's They don't have BCRs A huge reel to reel game.


Well, I'm having a, I'm having a fucking crisis at the moment. I think you just, you just discovered a gigantic lie. I just found a hole in this story and I'm not, what did he put it on? He didn't have anything to put it on. There's nothing to put on and there's nothing to put it on it. I mean, yeah. The only thing would Be, let's pretend it was the eighties Real to reel. Let's pretend it was the eighties. I don't know. 'cause it couldn't be the sixties. I'm not going for, I'm gonna say eighties and I'm gonna correct this person. Okay, Yeah, yeah. I get it. Cut you after the movie and my dad and siblings are playing. When my uncle Mark decides to steal his sister's doll, causing my aunt to be incredibly upset, my dad being the sensitive while also incredibly over this BS 4-year-old, he is decides to do something about it.


Rummaging around my grandmother's vanity. He finds a nail file, not a soft Emory board, mind you, but the old school metal kind with a pointy top and takes off. Yeah. My dad runs at my uncle. The nail file firmly in his chubby little hand held above his head yelling, I'm going to stagger you, and it says, not a typo. He was so young, he couldn't even pronounce the letter B yet. Oh, stagger you precious. So cute. Yeah. My uncle turned and raised his hand to protect his face, only to be met with a metal spike being driven right into the middle of his palm. Okay, get get ready for this part. So far the skin was tenting on the other side.


Oh. Oh. All the way through. All the way through. Okay. With the nail file. That's a tetanus shot right there. The phrase the skin was tenting. I never wanna hear again in my Life. It's too good. It's like too good a description And also they're little kids. Yeah. Little baby ham. Jesus Christ. To this day, my dad maintains that he deserved it and my uncle honestly agrees. I would like to say he learned his lesson, but just months later, my dad almost burned down the house while looking for yet another toy. My uncle had stolen and hid under the bed. How would looking under the bed cause a fire? You ask. The babysitter was letting them play with candles naturally.


So he's like peeking under the bed, like with, instead of a flashlight with a candle. Because I was imagining like those big fat ones, my mom would put in the middle of the table for like Christmas or whatever, but it's like she's letting them play like old fashioned. Yeah. Old like Looky L candle. What babysitter is this? Well, yeah, exactly. After the netting under the bed went up in flames, like the most flammable fucking thing is in the house as your fucking mattress. Yeah. My dad quietly went downstairs and told everyone, quote, don't go upstairs. Yeah. Luckily the fire department was called and the flames were put out quickly. Miraculously only the bed suffered any damage, but my grandparents did have to come home early from dinner to find a charred mattress in their front lawn.


Anyway, I love y'all so much. Thank you for bringing me so much joy throughout the years. There's nothing like lovingly strolling around your baby to stories of horrific murders to really put a pep in your step. Yeah. Stay sexy and maybe find a new babysitter, Maddie. I mean, for real. That's Like step one At least. Also maybe find new kids because those kids were a disaster area Also. That was the eighties. We're fucking sticking with that.


You insist the holiday season's busy for everyone, even criminals. Whether It's package thieves targeting your doorstep or burglars looking for empty houses, crime spikes during the holidays This year. Invest in your safety with SimpliSafe. SimpliSafe is a new way to protect your home that stops intruders before they break into your home. And right now you can get a new system for 50% off. Old school Systems only take action once someone's already inside your home. That's too late. SimpliSafe active guard. Outdoor protection changes the game by preventing crime before it even happens. SimpliSafe agents can spot suspicious activity in real time, set off your spotlights and even call the police before a break-in happens. There Are no long-term contracts, no cancellation fees, and it's around $1 a day for all this protection. If you don't even have a little like basic security on your house, like what are you even doing right now? To me, the peace of mind that I get from having home security is so huge. I can't believe I ever lived without it. And in today's technological world, it's all on your phone. You can check your house, you can make sure everything's okay, and you have SimpliSafe backing you up on that. And to me that's like priceless. SimpliSafe is extending its massive Black Friday deal for our listeners This Week only you can get 50% off any new system. With the select professional monitoring plan, this Is your last chance to claim their best offer of the year. Head To SimpliSafe dot com slash Fave. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash fave. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye.


Let's be real. Nothing beats seeing your favorite faces during the holidays And with the gift of Aura Frames, you can see your loved ones, even if they're far away. Aura Frames allows users to curate and share their photos and memories with loved ones, making it a personal and meaningful gift. These frames are ranked as the number one digital picture frame by Wirecutter and here's why. They're incredibly easy to set up, update and enjoy. Aura Frames features a high resolution display showcasing photos in vivid detail. Users Can also update their frames from anywhere using the Aura app, making it convenient to add new memories. Plus you can preload them with photos and a gift message. Making it personal right out of the box. Oh, we love Ora Frame so much. What a gift. It's the gift for the person that you have no idea. Sometimes you have to buy gifts for people you don't know very well, but you need to give them something nice. You need to show that like even though, hey, you're kind of an acquaintance, but I still very much care about you. Or frames, nails it because everybody wants to see the pictures on their phone somewhere else without having to go through the pain of like uploading and printing and all the different things. Ora frames is like, we got that. We're gonna turn it into a slideshow in your living room. It's So classy. Your new in-laws are going to love it. Trust us. Save on the perfect gift by visiting ora frames.com to get $35 off or as bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code MFM at checkout. That's A URA frames.com promo code MFM. This deal is Exclusive to listeners, so get yours now in time for the holidays. Terms and conditions apply. Go goodbye.


The subject line of this is Forgotten. Snacks and eighties Parenting under Two minutes. Not the way I'm about to read it. You asked for forgotten snacks in mini. So 400 and I immediately thought of a drink my brother and I would get when we went to the grocery store with my mom. Now that I have kids of my own and look back over those grocery store trips, I realize how insane my brother and I were to shop with. Even for the mid eighties, we must have ruffled the feathers of fellow shoppers. We ran around the store at full speed playing tag through Food Lion. Isn't that the best grocery store name? Yeah. Lion Food. Lion Food Lion. The grocery store was a great place to play tag with those long aisles. My strategy was to stay on the opposite side of the store and when he would spot me through an aisle, he'd run down.


It giving me plenty of time to find a route to the opposite side again, occasionally. Mom, that's hilarious. They use the entire store. Oh my God. I'm just, can I just say that this is not on you kids there. Your parents should have been fucking teaching you not to run around. Oh my God. Grocery stores. Do you understand the level of trouble I would've been in to even be like picked up the pace or raising my voice like, Oh my God. Yeah. You would have hold onto the cart and walk next to it and don't ask for anything. Yes. That's like it. The answer's no. The whole speech in the car of like, do not, I am tired. The answer is no, we're not doing this. Right. We wore her down though. Later on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Later on the answer was yes.


Occasionally my mom would yell, walk. Which meant you just had to make your arms look straight while you ran. I know that one. That's right. Anyway, back to the drink. If we were good in parentheses, which must have meant we left her alone and didn't knock anyone down. Oh my God. She'd get us a drink. Our choice of fruit punch or lemonade Food Lion Store brand. Yes. It came in square paper cartons, the ones you tear and make a little spout. We'd chug that ship before we got back to the car. It was so incredibly sweet and delicious and a little bit thick. I now realize we were chugging cheap juice concentrate. Just, Just, Just the concentrate. Just Just was supposed to be fruit punch, no water.


Oh my God. One look in my mouth and it's obvious I had a childhood full of sugar. The glove compartment in our car was stuffed full of candy and whoever won the quiet game got first pick. Jesus. It was my dream family. Oh my God. This wasn't for long car trips. It was for whenever my mom wanted us to be quiet basically every time we got in the car. It sounds like someone did not want a parent in this situation, and I'm gonna guess it was the parent who didn't want a parent there. Feels Like maybe this parent bought the wrong parenting book and so none of the tricks worked. Right. And so it became just like food reward. Yeah. And or I'll kill you. Yeah.


Or, Or go away this Here, drink this juice concentrate. Oh my God. And maybe you'll go into a diabetic coma. This is definitely The eighties. And then it says, did she ever wonder if the sugar was contributing to the chaos? No shade on my mom. She was doing the best she could with what she had at the time. I think she's the best mom in the world. I should have read this before we started that discussion. Oops, sorry. And she lives next door to me now. Oh. Oh, fun. Don't tell her we said this. Happy to spoil my kids with sugar. I've asked her to tone it down a bit and mostly give them things that have recognizable ingredients. S-S-D-G-M and add water if that's what the directions say. And then there's no name on that. So good. Oh, Just concentrate concentrated juice, Sipping it down and gulping It thick.


It's thick And that's like your treat drink. Yeah, that's the drink I wanna get. That's hilarious. I thought it was so good. I bet it was exactly what the doctor ordered. Yeah. Okay, here we go. I'm not gonna read you this. Let's save the positive words to the end, shall we? When I was a junior in high school, my family picked up from the Utah Salt Lake Valley and moved to Arizona. When we moved into our new house, things were very strange. Right away we began to notice that there were many cupboards that were still full of items, almost like someone had been in a hurry to leave. Some of the items that we found were a stack of gory religious brochures depicting a bloody Jesus on the cross.


Yeah, he is pretty bloody. Yeah. Pounds of food, animal bones and jars and four safety deposit box keys. What was happening in that house? Upon finding the keys, my mom reached out to their real estate agent to get the keys back to the owners. After not hearing back, my mom reached out to our real estate agent and asked if she could pass along the message. The real estate agent, let's call her. Debra, informed my mom that she could also not get ahold of the real estate agent. The real estate agent and the number for the real estate agent had been disconnected. Debra was confused leading her to reach out to the real estate agent's brokerage. Turns out the brokerage never existed.


Yes. We ended up talking with many neighbors and learned that the previous owners had lived there for about 15 years and never even been seen by anyone in the neighborhood. We learned vampire. This is a vampire story. We learned that the night before they moved out, there were 10 police cars that came to the house following an apparent bomb threat. The boyfriend had found out that the family was in Wait for it. Witness protection. No Twist Aoo. There you go. There It is. There it is. That's what we were looking for. Vampire Witness protection program. That's coming this fall. Oh my God. All of the kids from what we do in the shadows.


Yeah. Have to go witness protection. Oh my God. Yeah. The dad had been a big time drug dealer in New Mexico and had been an informant for the police in order to not go to prison. So the family moved to Arizona in order to get away from the gang affiliated members that knew he was involved. So when the boyfriend, I'm guessing the boyfriend of the daughter Yeah. That lived there, found out that they were in witness protection. You know, she fucking told him like 15-year-old daughter or something. Of course. Like guess what? Oh, just so you know. Yeah. Don't tell Anyone like the reason we're so exotic. Kinda exciting. My dad's a big time. Big deal. So when the boyfriend found out that they were in witness protection, the family had to pick up and move somewhere else.


Fucking teenage girls. Man. Zip it. Yeah. Practice now like Witness protection's. Great. Until your daughter becomes a teenager and then you're fucked. Then you're fucked. Then you have to get her into her own separate protection. Yes. That's not near you. No. Also, okay. It might, okay. My question might be answered. Let's See. As a 16-year-old at the time, this was the coolest thing that had ever happened to me, and no one in my family seemed to understand how insane the chances of that happening Were now back to the pleasantries. I began this podcast when I first got a phone at 12 years old. Oh my. Sorry. I had just watched a documentary about Ted Bundy and I wanted to listen to more true crime. So I went onto iTunes and what did I find the first episode of?


You guessed it. My favorite murder. This Is the thing. I mean, we talk about like the abandonment of the seventies or whatever. It's just like this is kind of how it goes sometimes. Yeah. You're 12, you're flipping Flipping around phone. Yeah. Or yeah, on your phone. Right? And then you're just like, Hey, hey Ted Bundy. Wait, what's this? A story of a friendly man and a wonderful fisherman's sweater. I must know more. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I kinda feel like she belongs with us Sixth grader. No, she does a 12-year-old. I don't know, man. She's gonna go looking for Ted Bundy content. This is the best option that could have happened to her. It could have gotten so much worse than that. Oh Yeah. You're So true. You know what I mean? Yes. Like we gave her fucking life lessons and shit.


We Pulled her in. Yeah. We taught her the importance of making mistakes. We put Her under a little vampire bat wing. We Said, Hey, guess what? The world's changing and we're gonna all learn lessons together. Wanna come with us? Yeah, exactly. And then let's hear what she, let's hear what she has to say About it. Since then, you've seen me through graduating high school, graduating college, getting married, and now the first five weeks of pregnancy. Oh wow. From a 12-year-old. I truly would not be who I am without you. God, With all my love. Sahara. Sahara Touching. We love you. That turned touching all of a sudden, God. I'm so glad that 12-year-old went on to make something of herself.


Jesus. Yeah. She did It. She did it. She even graduated college like without. Yeah. We didn't even fucking do that. We didn't fuck that up for her. No. It's a do's and don'ts. What do We even get? Those honorary college degrees that we have so earned and deserve. Wow. Because we've helped other people through college


Looking for the ultimate holiday gift. Skip the scented candles and give the gift of amazing Sleep with Miracle made sheets. These sheets are self-cleaning, temperature regulating and luxuriously soft everything you'd want in a gift. Miracle Made offers a whole line of antibacterial bedding that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth. They're self cooling and designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. And if you're worried about sacrificing comfort or quality, miracle made has bedding. That's as luxurious as a five star hotel without the hefty price tag. We got sent these sheets and I have to say, sometimes you don't think about it where you're like, oh, I don't need luxurious sheets. That's just like, let's keep it basic. I swear to God as a gift, even just a gift to yourself, miracle Made Sheets are gonna make you so happy you got them. Definitely. And if you have a single pet, you need this too. 'cause antibacterial thing is next level. So go to try miracle.com/murder to try Miracle Made Sheets today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40% and if you use our promo code Murder at checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20%. Miracle Made is so confident in their product. It's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't a hundred percent satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your Sleep today with Miracle Made. One more time, that Uur L is try miracle.com/murder and use the code murder to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. That's Try miracle.com/murder to treat yourself. Thank you to Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode. Goodbye.


Alright. I made this one last 'cause I, it's such a nice idea. Okay. It's glitch in the Matrix plus a teacher tribute and then it says, dear Karen in Georgia plus, exactly right. Staff, longtime listener, third time writer. This might seem long, but I promise it's heartwarming. When I was in high school, there was a teacher named Mr. Truax. He taught environmental science and he was a well-known character in the hallways. Always had a smile on his face and always went out to support the sports teams. My junior year, me, him and one of my best friends created a salsa club, which consisted of simply eating chips in salsa once a week. Salsa club. I thought I was gonna a dancing club.


That's cute. Yeah. Not ballroom dancing. Oh, just eating chips. That's cute. Where most of the time he'd bring the salsa because he made it fresh at home. So yeah, he was really cool. Yeah. He was an overall kind individual who shaped so many lives. He passed away tragically in the summer of 2019, doing what? He loved hiking in the mountains. Wow. Wow. So this came right after I graduated high school and the whole community was saddened because he was such a pleasant person. I never had the chance to take environmental science, but he would put on a week long project for students to sort through the trash in our cafeteria to see the real effects of food waste. Flash forward to 2022.


I'm in my senior year of college and I apply for a job that analyzes food waste in Maine and looks for solutions that can be applied to various industries. I never really cared about food waste before this. I was 21 and thus extremely self-obsessed, but I kept thinking about Mr. Tru X's project and felt called to do this work. Mr. Tru X's wife also worked in my high school and I'd taken two of her classes. Both me and my older sister had attended this school, and the true X's were kind of like family friends. Anyways, the whole year I kept thinking I should email Mrs. Truax and tell her about this job, and I felt inspired to honor her late husband, but I just never got around to it. Then one day after I graduated, I felt this weird, overwhelming urge to send her that email feeling strange.


I sat down and detailed how I missed him along with the work I had done the previous year and how it was my way of continuing Mr. True True's legacy. It was late and I didn't wanna send it, so I scheduled the email to be sent the next morning at 8:00 AM I noticed she had emailed me back and it turns out that day was Mr. True's birthday. Oh my God. She was touched to get a remembrance, and she told me she still can salsa to keep his tradition going. Aww. I'd love to say that I knew that it was his birthday, but I had no clue was he urging me from beyond. Did my intuition sense that it was significant for me to send this particular email on that particular day after thinking about it for months.


I think a lot about this as a positive glitch in the Matrix, and I think about Mr. Truex a lot as he was such a good person who passed too young. Many of us have complicated, oh God, this is gonna get me. Oh No. Many of us have complicated relationships with high school, but sometimes we're lucky enough to have good individuals who shape us in those uncertain years. Like, what a beautiful Thing that's so beautiful To do for someone who actually really did that work. Yeah. Like when I first was reading this, I was like, please don't tell me this is gonna, and it's like, oh no, this is just Like just lovely. The Coolest person who died young. Yeah. Shout out to Mrs. Mercer. I fucking would not be who I am today without Her.


Judy Kavanaugh. Judy Kavanaugh taught me everything about British literature and how to be a cool badass lady. It's also my sister, Adrian's mother. Oh, Lovely. Right. Small township. We're lucky enough to have good individuals who shape us in those uncertain years. Your podcast has stayed with me through high school, college, graduate school, telling you and beyond telling you, I feel you are my wise aunt giving me advice on about how to survive to the point where my mo, my mother thinks I fearmonger. You probably do. 'cause we do too. Yeah. Thank you for all you do in terms of mental health, fucking politeness, and your advice on how to live in a politically precarious place as a young woman.


Stay sexy and maybe send that email H and then it says PS. I've made so many people listen to your episode released right after Roe v. Wade was overturned, where you talk about how devastating this reality can be. Thanks for speaking up about it, and hopefully we aren't doomed to hear men opine about a female health crisis for eternity. Oh, HHI think in honor of H and Mr. Truax, we should do an unprecedented thing and end on that one with five stories. I did, I did. Mr. Truax outdo us All. He usurped this email about celebrity sighting that I now can't read, so I think we're gonna happen.


I was just, it's a tribute. I think that's nice changing It up a little like he did. Yeah. I think, yeah. Nice one. You know What I mean? Alright. Well, I mean, first time ever. Yeah. Guys, look for your Easter eggs. This is a mini, so unlike any mini so ever Before. Never in the history of My favorite murder. This Is where it all falls apart. You've been 12 years old. Oh shit. Don't curse us. Thanks for listening since you were 12 years Old. Yeah. We appreciate you. Pretty nice. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye. 12-year-old Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production.


Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite Murder. Goodbye.