(2s):
This is exactly right.

(6s):
You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh, yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.

(45s):
You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed By clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver md. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye, Goodbye, goodbye.

(1m 20s):
We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. There was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy, and we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives dot org.

(2m 36s):
Hello. Hello, hello. And welcome To my favorite murder, The mini sode. That's Right. Here we are. Here we go. Reading you your meals you sent us. Thank You. You go first. Yeah, we do. Thank you. I'll go first because I have for you a badass grandma story. Awesome. And then it says in parentheses, name reveal at the end. Great. Beautifully structured. Yes. It says, hi ladies. Longtime listener. First time writer, inner. Let's get to the stories. My grandma is a badass bitch and didn't take shit from anyone to set the scene. My grandma is six foot married to a dairy farmer, a strong son of a bitch who also worked full-time outside of the farm. Who even has the time anymore?

(3m 17s):
My Lord. Yeah. That's fucking insane. Yeah. A farmer with a full-time job that isn't farming, right? No. My grandparents have the most precious love story. They met when they were four, lived down the street from each other, started dating in high school and have been inseparable ever since. Aw. They have three daughters. My mom, the oldest, my aunt, let's call her aunt number one in this story, and the youngest aunt, let's call her aunt number two. Aunt number two has multiple sclerosis and can't feel her legs. She didn't use a walking aid, but her legs tend to look a little wobbly. One day, grandma, aunt number one, and aunt number two went to Walmart to grocery shop. Aunt number two went off on her own to get a few items. As she was shopping around, a man came up to her and got really close to what she was also looking for.

(4m 2s):
She didn't think much of it until she looked down and saw the man touching her legs and butt area. No, She was so frazzled. She just went to find aunt number one and my grandma without saying anything to the man. When she found them, she told them what the man had done to her. My grandma tracked the guy down, made sure he was alone in the aisle, and blocked him in with both carts, making sure that no one else could go down the aisle. My grandma went to town on this man. She was hitting him with her purse, and I'm sure some swear words were being thrown into the mix. She eventually told the man to leave before doing any further damage. The nineties were a beautiful time. Wow. So she fucking blocks off the aisle like a mafia oso.

(4m 44s):
Yep. And is just like, yeah, you guys leave aisle six to us. Right. Look away. We're gonna take care of some business down here. Story number two. My grandma was on her normal route to work. She would drive by this house and no matter rain or shine, there would be a dog chained to the tree out front. Mm. The dog was starting to look more and more malnourished and neglected. My grandma was starting to get more and more angry as she drove by the house. On one rainy day, my grandma said to herself, if that dog is tied up when I'm on my way home, I'm taking it. Yes. And sure as shit. When my grandma was on her way home, the dog was outside. Grandma pulled over and stole the dog. Oh my God. Yes. The dog was the sweetest little thing, and the family named her Sadie Mae. She lived out the rest of her years being loved on and getting every single table scrap until her final days.

(5m 28s):
Yay. For the long awaited name reveal, the perfect small town Kansas. Grandma name, LaDonna. LaDonna. LaDonna. Wow. LaDonna was so remarkable. She ended up passing in 2016 after a long battle with cancer. She left a long lasting legacy of fucking politeness and not taking shit from anyone. Grandma's three daughters end up having four daughters of their own, and she taught every one of us to stand up for ourselves and what we think is right. Also, grandma had a hitman show up to her funeral. I guess she was friends with him. S-S-D-G-M. Megan. Oh my God. I want a hitman showing up to my funeral.

(6m 8s):
Like it could be an actor, but I want it to be like, why? So? Why is there hitman? I'm Here to pay my respects to Georgia and the life that she lived. But I have to be an old lady though. It can't be now. No, it can't be now. Yeah. We have some stuff to do. That's Right. Please. Oh, LaDonna. That was amazing. LaDonna. LaDonna. Yes. Kicking ass in Walmart. Taking care of business. Okay. This is called Trash Dad on Safari is my first one. Okay. Hello. From Melbourne, Australia. In 2005, I was lucky enough to do a safari in Zimbabwe with my family. It was me around 13, my sister around 15, and brother around eight. And my mom and dad. The trip was amazing. It was a walking safari.

(6m 48s):
So a bit different to the usual driving safari when you get a cruise around in an open top Jeep. As a nerdy science obsessed teen, I was in heaven. I badgered the guides all day and night, asking questions nonstop about all the different animals. We had been lucky enough to see the guides were amazing, and there was a lot of emphasis on safety since we were on foot most of the time. Mm. What a bummer. Yeah. We were told over and over again how the most dangerous animal we could encounter would be a mother with her young, as she'd be extremely protective and aggressive towards us. So cut to one morning when we're on our first walk of the day, we would always walk in single file with one guard with a gun at the front, followed by my mom, my siblings, and me, then my dad and the second guide at the back of the group.

(7m 33s):
We were walking up a small hill when the front guide suddenly stopped us, awaiting us on the other side of the hill. Only about 20 meters. And then it says 65 feet. Oh, thank you. Away was a truly pissed off mother elephant with her baby. The guide told us to slowly and calmly walk backwards down the hill and outta the elephant's eyesight so that she would calm down and not charge us. We did as he instructed, and once we were back down the hill and a bit safer, I turned around and can't believe what I saw about 50 meters, 164 feet away is my dad. All caps running for his life away from the angry elephant, completely abandoning his wife and three children.

(8m 17s):
Oh no. He had pushed past the guide at the back of the line and just made a break for it. My dad is a wonderful man and a loving father, but he has never lived this day down. That's fucking, what's that movie called? Yes. The Avalanche movie. Yeah. For majeure. Yes. It's my mom's favorite story to tell on any occasion really. And he always reacts the same bashful way. Anyway, thanks for keeping me entertained every week. Love your work ladies. Stay sexy and don't leave your family to get trampled HI mean H. You're right about that. We are in full agreement. It seems unfair. He was fucking booked It. He was fucking later date right Outta there. He was like, I'm so sorry. I must go. You guys can hang out here.

(8m 58s):
Yeah. It's not like I could do anything. If this elephant fucking comes after you, I feel like I would fall for, because I thought you were gonna say the most dangerous animal, which is a hippopotamus. 'cause they say that. Oh, that's the thing that tourists never get, which is you don't, hippopotamus aren't nice. They're Fast and they're fast as Fuck. They're not little ballerinas with pink lipstick on. Oh, there's a fucking MFM animated about. Oh yeah, that's right. So, oh God. It's one of the best. Yeah. So good Foot going. Look that one up. But I would think that if I saw a mom elephant and a baby elephant, I would be like, oh, I Know. And Walked toward It. Nope. Turns out. No, No, no, no.

(9m 34s):
Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living, or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.

(10m 4s):
Spring is in the air, And that means open windows outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars Love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard Outdoor Protection, simply say it's monitoring agents closely. Watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I Get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when they's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady. Or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window. It's great. Visit simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.

(11m 20s):
This email subject line is stupid. Kids with sharp pencils. Story greetings. Friends, as soon as Karen started telling her story about stupid kids throwing pencils at each other, Billy Bertucci and Jimmy Martin, I knew my time had finally arrived to share a story of my own, or rather a story of my mom's. The time, the early seventies, the place, a seventh grade classroom in Downey, California. The carpenters lived right around the corner. Hmm. Young love, as we know, is very confusing. And when a boy in my mom's class asked himself the age old question of how do I get my crush to notice me, his pubescent brain came up with a foolproof plan. This is wonderfully laid out.

(12m 1s):
He got up from his desk, walked over to the wall pencil sharpener to make sure his pencil of choice was as sharp as humanly possible. Sat back down at his desk and took aim. No. Like Cupid Arrow itself. His pencil arced over the heads of his unsuspecting classmates and sunk itself straight into my mom's hand as it rested on her Desk. Oh, He liked her. This like, I was bullied a lot in elementary school and I wonder if any of those boys Yes, actually, because I thought they were just mean. No, they were trying to get your attention. They didn't know how I, she immediately went to the nurse's office and got bandaged up. But to this day, she still has a small black dot between her index and middle finger.

(12m 41s):
My friend Ha, my friend Doug Jones has a fucking lead in his hand still. Yes. From Childhood, many of the seventies do. Yeah, that's true. To remind her of the love that could have been aw. To his credit, the boy definitely did not go unnoticed and is still memorable. Some 50 years later. What that Mean? What did they got married, meaning he did it. He did what he wanted to do, which was get become memorable to her. Oh. Oh yes. Okay. I thought it was a very highfalutin way of saying they got married. Oh Yeah. No, that would've been sweet. Let's pretend. Let's pretend. Stay sexy and check for lead poisoning. Chelsea. Chelsea with an ey. That was great, Chelsea. That Was beautifully put together. That was cute. And also like the plan of it, but then doing it and he didn't poke someone's eye out.

(13m 24s):
Totally. Which you would think it's God like he it actually worked. Yeah. Yeah. And she has this, like her first tattoo from her first boyfriend. Yeah. Send us more stories of like first date's gone wrong or like getting attention gone wrong. But then like they But the couple works out then like your parents or whatever, your husband or your whatever. Yeah. It's a pretty tall order. Yeah. We don't wanna hear these ones where it just kind of falls apart. No. And the guy that perfectly throws a pencil into Chelsea's mom's hand disappears. That's Marriage material right there. Land that Man. Great fame. He's Could have been a pilot or something. Okay. I wanted to read you the title of this so bad 'cause it's hilarious, but I'm not going to remind me to do it after.

(14m 4s):
Hi Karen in Georgia, long time Marino. First time with a hometown, although technically my twin sister got here first when she wrote in years ago, just to roast me for proudly telling people. She went on conjugal visits during law school while working with the Innocence Project. Whoa. What the fuck? Fuck. Can you read that whole thing Again? It needs to be unpacked first time with a hometown. Although technically my twin sister got here first when she wrote in years ago, just to roast me for proudly telling people. She went on conjugal visits during law school while working with the Innocence Project, so she was probably lying. Oh, okay. About the conjugal visits. But she did work with the Innocence Project. Okay. That sounds like something my sister would do. Yes. To add a like she's not just helping at the Innocence Project.

(14m 46s):
Yeah. Oh no. She goes for conjugal visits too. She's really helping those guys. Like I know you think she's a saint, but she's actually, She is a sinner. Kind Of a slant. Okay. A sinner saint. Okay. Because I had absolutely no idea what that actually meant. Oh, okay. Conjugal visits. She, Oh, she thought it was like going to talk to them in the prison. She just conjugal visits For the Innocence Project. Oh my God. Okay, now I get it. That's good. That's real good. Anyway. Enough with my public shaming on my story about laughter at inappropriate times. Okay. So this happened about 15 years ago at a funeral for a close family friend's mother. She was 94, had lived a long and lovely life full of telling us all we were too skinny and needed to eat and giving us stories of her younger years growing up in Ukraine.

(15m 33s):
And honestly, the vibe should have been more celebration of life than Shakespearean tragedy. But alas, the energy was grim funeral. The energy was, the energy was off Your Yelp review for the cemetery. I just didn't love the Vibe, vibes of this funeral. Maybe too grim. But who are we to judge? Grief is weird. Yeah. We're all graveside. The casket is set up over the hole, concealed by one of those green velvety drapes that screams, pay no attention to the abyss below. The grandson stands up to give a heartfelt eulogy, and his 2-year-old breaks free from his mom's lap in the front row and run towards his dad like a baby linebacker.

(16m 16s):
Except he misses. He goes full toddler torpedo straight past his dad's legs and disappears into the grave. No. No. Like poof. Gone. Okay, this is, I'm gonna read you the title. No. The time A toddler yed himself into the afterlife. He yed immediate screaming echoes out of the hole, which thankfully meant he was totally fine. Just shocked to find himself in the center of the plot. My dad and I immediately lost it. I mean, truly unhinged laughter. You Laugh. You can't laugh at a toddler fall. Yes, I'm gonna crave at a few You are required to. It is the most insane visual of all time.

(16m 57s):
The Kind where you physically can't stop. I had to bury my face in his chest pretending to sob because it was either that or getting ex-communicated. This is still hands down the funniest thing I have ever witnessed. And yet no one in the family will speak of it. It's like it never happened. The now 18-year-old child blissfully unaware, I think. But part of me wants to casually ask, Hey, ever have any weird childhood dreams about falling into a void surrounded by folding chairs and cold finger sandwiches? Stay sexy and don't fall into graves. See? Yeah. Good advice. A kid, A little toddler ate it into a fucking open grave Running.

(17m 39s):
It's like a prank. It's almost like that when they put the sticks over the hole in the forest type of thing. Totally. But then also, did they just run and pull that green blanket back up and just like flip them back outta there real quick? Exactly. Ooh. Oh my God. Okay. That's like, that's lifelong Trauma. Yeah, it is.

(17m 57s):
What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee, a video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big to learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org.

(18m 28s):
If your idea of spring cleaning means getting rid of every single piece of furniture that you swore was temporary four years ago, article is here to help. Article makes it easy to create a stylish, long lasting home at an unbeatable price. And thanks to their online only model, they have some unbeatable prices too. Article offers a curated range of mid-century modern, coastal and scandy inspired pieces that not only shine on their own, but also pair seamlessly with other article products. This thoughtful approach to design makes it incredibly easy to mix and match, helping you create a space that feels cohesive and stylish. Article takes great care and curating its collection, focusing solely on high quality, meaningful pieces that will stand the test of time. There's no filler. Every item is chosen for its craftsmanship, design, and lasting value. An article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get a choose your delivery time, and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye.

(19m 42s):
Well, I think you're really gonna enjoy the subject line of this. Okay. That time I made Guy fii apologize. Ready? Yes. And just for anyone who's first joining us, Georgia has worked with Guy fii. Guy FII also lives either in Petaluma or very close to Petaluma. Right. So everyone in my town has a story about how much they absolutely adore Guy fii. Yeah. He is a true hometown hero. Yeah. So no one's talking shit about Guy FII on this show. No. But apparently he had something to apologize for him. We will tell those stories. Let's hear it. Hello to my gents gals and non-binary pals. On a recent episode, you joked about meeting Guy fii and since you sometimes feature stories of fun celebrity encounters, I thought I'd share mine.

(20m 24s):
Great. In the summer of 2024, I had the honor and privilege of attending the Paris Olympics. Wow. My in-laws are big donors to the Olympic Foundation, so we all got tickets. Wow. Is that how you do it? I guess So. Okay. You give a shit ton of money and then you get an invite. That makes sense. Yeah. And just buddy up some billionaires. Yeah, they're great. Not only that, but we gotten the VIP rest areas as a public school teacher. This was all a little overwhelming at the rest area for equestrian jumping was Guy Fieri. Whoa. He was just trying to enjoy his day with his wife. So I really didn't wanna bother him, but I had to try to get a picture with him for my sister. Just a month before my sister had attended a bachelorette party where they all dressed up as Guy fii.

(21m 7s):
Oh my God. That's Brilliant. My sister is an emergency room doctor. So when one of the women passed out from really bad food poisoning, she took the charge and called the ambulance. The paramedics came and my sister attempted to give them important medical information, but she was still dressed as Guy fii, so they didn't take her seriously. What? Come on. They got the sick woman to a hospital and she made a full recovery. So I approached Guy fii and I awkwardly asked him if I could possibly get a picture with him. He was incredibly nice and said, sure. That's right. That's nice. That's what we know him to be in Pum, California. I tell him I'm sorry to bother him, but I had to ask because my sister went to a bachelorette party where they all dressed up as him.

(21m 47s):
His response, I'm so sorry. They chose to do that. How weird. Hey, they all dressed as you, Sir. Yeah, yeah, that's right. Person. Your own very distinct look. Yeah. Whatever he says, I'm so sorry. They chose to do that. I said, they're not. I of course texted this encounter and the picture to my sister who shared it with the bachelorette girls. Apparently it made their weak. I love the guy. FII is not only incredibly kind, but also used self depreciating humor. He truly is America's sweetheart. Aw. Stay sexy and dress up like guy fii. Katie. That's so good. So good. That's so good. It's like, like the group of Santas that go bar Hofing. It should be a group of guy fii. It's like, Oh Yeah.

(22m 28s):
I mean like, and I love that it's like a bunch of women going to party. Yeah. But they're like, here, here's what we're gonna look like tonight. Are we gonna be wearing sashes and like dildo hats? No, we're gonna take it in a different Direction. No, we're doctors. Okay. This is why doctors party. Like I'm not gonna read you the subject at my last one. Hi Karen, Georgia and MFM Crew. My mom, being a single parent often let my sister and I run wild and play at a little playground across the street from her work at a nursing home. We'd walk there after school And we were either delegated some art task to occupy our time. If the weather was bad or if we were good, we could go play outside. I was in fourth or fifth grade.

(23m 8s):
And as the older sister in charge, we lived in MN at the time, Minnesota, right? Yep. And the snow had finally melted and my mom didn't want us distracting her for the last hour of the day. It was a really warm day. So ditching our winter jackets, I proposed we play a game where we pretended to be leaping horses. I have no idea why. Call it an active imagination. So my sister and I would run two steps and leap, run two steps and leap all while naying like we were majestic four-legged horses. Yeah, I see it. I can clearly picture my old white Sorel boots sailing over grass and puddles. We were almost at the playground equipment when I happened to glance down as I was leaping right below my stretched out leg was a whole pile of writhing garter snakes.

(23m 56s):
Oh my God. In my child's mind, it seemed like hundreds, but in actuality it was probably only 32 50 snakes. That's still bad. That's 10 times the amount I could handle. Absolutely. I landed on the other side just barely missing. Stepping on the ones at the edge. You know the feeling when something happens that you just can't quite believe is true. I remember thinking that. Why would there be a bunch of snakes altogether in a great big pile? I turned around to check and sure enough, it was not a nightmare, but a group of riving snakes, I screamed, grabbed my sister's hand and booked it back over to my mom's work at top human speed. For the longest time, I assumed it was just snake mating season and was always super careful at the playground for the next year.

(24m 38s):
But today I looked up some garter snake facts. And I guess in cold weather climates, snakes will hibernate in dens with up to a couple hundred snakes at a time. Then they get to the mating business since they're all conveniently there. Handy. If you are a snake, I guess terrifying if you are a horse human child. And then title of this one is called snake orgy. Thank you for keeping me sane on my drive to work. S-S-D-G-M. And always wear your boots when leaping around in the springtime. Yeah. Lindsay, Lindsay is such good advice. Yeah. Also, if you're gonna act like a horse, then act like a horse. You would've seen those snakes from 15 paces.

(25m 18s):
Right. But you would've startled and like jumped and And then gone. Did did, yeah. And killed it. Like remember in the Black Stallion when the Black Stallion kills that cobra? Oh No. Such wonderful film. Careful. So us, your stories of when you were doing stupid shit as a kid and nature got the better of you. I mean, I think we could ask for childhood snake stories. Yeah. And probably get a ton. Definitely because, 'cause you guys have 'em. I drove up to the reservoir in Hollywood. That's not child story. You know that road up there, that parking lot. As I was driving up that road, a no joke, like a 10 foot snake went across the road in front of my car and I just like it went like that and made it. And then I kept going.

(25m 58s):
But I was like, how is a snake that big? No, I don't want that. I don't want that. This is why I stay at home. It was 2000. Oh, okay. One. Okay. So it's probably even bigger now. It's Probably, it's probably 55 feet long and it lives inside the Hollywood sign. Send Us your story at My favorite murder at Gmail. And stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Keck and Molly Smith. Our Editor is Aristotle Aveda. This Episode was mixed by Liana Achi. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder.

(26m 42s):
Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly Right's YouTube page. And while you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.

(26m 59s):
Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care to save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most. And provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.