
This is exactly right.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality, and go anywhere attitude or a test Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Big shout out to you for making it through the hectic holiday season. This new year, get clean quality pregnancy nutrient support off your to-do list, including rituals, bestselling, essential prenatal, multivitamin, designed with 12 traceable key ingredients to support a healthy pregnancy with big changes coming up. Take the small steps now and start today with 30% off a three month supply at ritual.com/podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


My name is Kyle Tequila, host of the shocking new True Crime podcast, crook County. I Got recruited into the mob when I was 17 years old. People Are dying. Is he doing this every night? Kenny was a Chicago firefighter who lived a secret double life as a mafia hitman. I had a wife and I had two children. Nobody knew anything. He was a fricking crazy man. He was my father and I had no idea about any of this until now. Crook County is available now. Listen for free on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite murder. That's Georgia Heart Stark. That's Karen k Gareth. This is The mini set. There You go. I did the wrong line. That's okay. We got there. In the end, It feels like the idea that we don't introduce ourselves from The mini set is really, it's very casual. Yeah. It's like we're off the clock. Yeah. And you guys know it's presumptuous and yet familiar, And yet you're like, oh, these bitches I know who they're, they're doing it again. I fucking know who these bitches are. Why don't you go first? Hmm. Okay. Starting off with a classic murder in my grandfather's laundromat classic hometown. Hmm. While visit, oh, it says Hi. While visiting my parents over the holidays, the topic of true crime came up.


My mom out of nowhere said, you know, someone was murdered at your grandpa's laundromat. Oh my God. And then it says, do go on mom. Here's what she told me. One day in 1988, she and her family were sitting around the breakfast table when there came a startling knock at the door, three suits, as she called them, flashed badges and pushed their way inside. My grandpa was taken into police custody. He was the suspect of a murder. Early that morning, the body of a young woman had been discovered on a back road outside of our little Midwest farming town. Holy Shit. So scary. Yeah. You're in a place that's like always quiet. There's not a lot going on. Totally. And then a bo, I mean, that's the beginning of so many movies.


Yeah. Horrible. Also discovered was a huge pull of blood trailing out the door of our family's laundromat. Whoa. According to my mom, the victim was known to spend a lot of time at the laundromat. Another man was known to spend a lot of time there as well, who according to small town gossip had a thing for her. That guy was tracked down by police at a car wash, and then this is italicized and bolded, literally cleaning blood out of his car. Can you say, caught red-handed? Here's a quote directly from the case files. That's some serious work. Quote. Police then approached him, told him he was not under arrest, and indicated that they wanted to talk to him about the murder.


At that point, the defendant told police that quote, Monday was a bad day. Oh My God. End quote. So obviously my grandfather was very quickly dropped as a suspect. The man never admitted to the crime and appealed his case several times, but was sentenced to life in prison. Word around town is that he killed several people. That was just the one murder he got caught for. Yeah. There are a lot of details I'd love to add, but I'll leave you with this. Forensic investigation was complicated because it became apparent that someone unidentified had been in the crime scene after the murder and before it was discovered by the police. Oh, no. This person was later discovered to be a lady from town who had come in to do laundry and didn't tell anyone about the blood because quote, that wasn't any of my business.


End quote Girl. And then it just says, thanks guys, no name. Wow, ma'am. Like chilling detail. Right. That you'd walk in and just have no emotions about it, you know, Or whatever the emotions that you have about it. There's something else in you that says, getting involved is dangerous. Yeah. Or bad for me, or something that it's like not an option, but it's almost like it makes sense to say it's none of your business if you are walking by outside and looking in. Right. Right. You step inside, you're part of the crime scene. Yeah. Yeah. Here in 2025. Yeah.


All of us step in or need to know that. Totally. Wow. You're in it. Your DNA puts you in it. That's Right. That's a crazy one. Yeah. All right, let's, let's do it. 180. Yeah. Okay. This is called Trash Kid. That time I committed fraud. Hmm. Dear ladies, you heard the trash Dad stories. You know all about the trash uncles and the trash moms, but what if I told you I was a trash kid and a criminal to boot? Okay. I'm sorry, but first of all, hell yes. Yeah. What were we thinking? Not asking for this from the beginning. Trash kids. Because my favorite trash kid of all time is the very, I think year one story of the little boy who rode around on his bicycle Chopping down, Chopping down telephone poles with a fucking chainsaw.


Yeah. That got turned into an MFM animated like one of the first MFM animated, I think, And also by an art, by a listener artist, got turned into a pin that was given me at a live show that I have and carry around with me to this day. It was like for me high art. Yeah. It was really well done. Oh my God. Unbelievably beautiful. Okay, so send us your trash, trash, trash kid kid stories. Yes. Whether it's criminal you or a sibling. We wanna know, Please, everything you did that got you, got caught and in trouble for, and then some. Okay, so picture it Northern Vermont circa 1999. My parents were a part of a Friday night bowling league at this point, and they about six years old, and rather than pay a babysitter, my parents dragged me along to sit at the bowling alley until late in the night.


Okay. Of course they did their Fault. Yeah. The bowling alley had a huge arcade, and little me loved basking in the flashing lights of the kid casino. However, we didn't often have enough money for the arcade. All the money was earmarked for beer and pizza, obviously. Yeah. And so I and the other kids were delegated to simply looking at the games and pretending that we were playing them, which is a thing I forgot completely. Just pretending that you're playing them. Yeah. Because they're doing, they're showing you what could happen Right. In the video game, and you're just pretending that you're trying To practice. Yeah. Especially on centipede. Right. When You're lost all your money already playing fucking Pacman. Like we'd usually get a dollar. Yeah. Four quarters. Yeah. So that's four tri four tries, Which has gone in a flash.


Yes. I mean, especially when you're like bad at, for us, they were literally the newest thing there was. Right. So we're just like, how do you control this centipede? I've always been bad at them. Yeah. That was not enough. So a small group of us hatched a diabolical plan that would get us all the quarters we could ever want, and it seemed like such an easy solution. We were cute adults love cute kids. Right. Would adults just give cute kids money? Probably not. They needed a reason. Sick kids. That's it. We needed them to give us money to help sick kids. No, No. That's right. If you hadn't figured out our grand planned, it was to stand near the entrance to the bowling alley and tell people as they entered that we were raising money for the local children's hospital.


Oh my. Over the course of roughly two hours, we had hood winged enough people to get almost $80 in donations. That is so many fucking quarters. It was all going according to plan until it wasn't. Yeah. It turns out some of these adults had been talking with the manager about the cute little philanthropists at the front entrance, and the manager had no idea what they were talking about. Long story short, our parents were pulled from their games, and I didn't see the sun for weeks. I also was dressed down by my mom, Becky, don't you dare call her Rebecca, who both instilled the fear of God in me and made me see the error of my ways. She was a small woman, but she made up for that with sheer volume and by being an absolute badass who raised six kids in a blended home, oh, we lost her in 2023 to a mixture of throat cancer and COPD Don't smoke kids.


Her loss has been the most profound of my life up until she lost the ability to speak. She was the person I called every day on my way home from work. I told her everything. She was one of my biggest advocates when I came out as trans. She was my favorite person. Mm. I honestly don't think I'd be a fraction of the person I am today without her. Stay sexy and hug your mom. She may just save you from a life of crime. Ada. She her Ada. Ada. That was one of my favorite stories. Just, But you deserved everything Becky brought to you and more. Yeah. You did. Katie Box though, like you, she had, Becky had to be a little proud. I I mean, secretly, because also I just, I'm assuming what?


There were a handful of kids. Five kids. Yeah. Like they would've been just golden in that, that arcade all night long. Oh my God. Then some. Oh my God. Oh my God. You're like, who wants candy? You want candy? Yeah. Oh, go to Candy Machine. Yeah. Corn dogs. Corn dogs all around. It almost feels like if you get past the the finish line, you get to keep the money and then you're in trouble. Right. They didn't say what happened to the money. Also, How cute were these kids that without a bucket or any signage. Right. They're just like, they Got it. They did it. I don't know. I'm on the kid's side.


This Is Rob Parker from The Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of Tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and Unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business and Managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


The subject line of this email is my visit to the Jack the Ripper Museum in London. Ooh. So you and I haven't talked about the fact that they are claiming that they have solved the Jack the murder case. Jack the Ripper. What did I just Say, Jack? The murder. Do you mind if I don't pay attention while I'm talking during this one? Is that okay? It's Unnecessary. Yeah, we'll talk about it. I'm, I'm skeptical. Me too. So Let's wait until it's Verified. I'm also skeptical because, oh, by the way, back on TikTok, people Were telling me how to tell you to get on back on it. So I mean, God, God bless our listeners who I got so many messages on Blue Sky, like so nice. Here's how To do it. Yeah. But the, one of the first things I saw was someone that was talking about that and how it's like, oh, okay.


So just this apron or whatever that's been sitting there for years and anyone could touch. Yeah. Interesting. We should talk about that. Yeah. Yeah, we will. Should We do like a retro style and just do a one subject Jack The Ripper episode? We Could retell the whole story. Okay. It says, hi ladies and all MFM family. Pretty much a day. One listener and a second time writer. Thank you so much for getting me through. A lot of time in the hospital over the last few years, having multiple surgeries for endometriosis. Oof. Rough. I've lived just outside of London my whole life, but somehow I didn't know until recently that there was a Jack the Ripper Museum. Mm. Did you know that? No. But why wouldn't there be like, it makes sense. And also, why didn't I go there when I was so smart trying to cover Jack the Ripper woman?


We'll go next Time. I mean, why wouldn't there be, is that what you just said? Yeah, because that's what this email says. Well, sorry. My son is also a murder eno at the age of 14, and he's studying law and criminology. So when I was looking for Days out for us to do together, we were both excited to discover this little gem of a museum. Yeah. It's set in a townhouse type building over four floors and close to the Tower of London and to the ripper's hunting grounds. There are sections dedicated to the victims, the suspects and reconstructions of one of the crime scenes and of what the Ripper's living room may have looked like, where you can hunt for clues as to his identity. We were absolutely in our element, some of the best things we saw were the letters written to the police from Jack the Ripper, and also the whistle used by one of the policemen who found the body of Catherine EDOs.


Wow. Yeah. That's, that would be so creepy and fascinating to see the reconstruction of a crime scene of that. Yeah. Of those murders. God, okay. I would've loved to have done the walking tour too, but those cobbled streets don't go well with my wheelchair. Your idea for a virtual walking tour is perfect for me. Great. Yeah. I love that. Just as an extra fact, the town I live in used to house the asylum that Aaron Kaczinski, one of the suspects who's the suspect They think they've identified, yeah. Through DNA spent his final days. It is now a park that is supposedly haunted. Oh, it's the haunted AST park in Park Land. I mean a haunted park though, where it's like we are the ghosts from the building that used to be here.


Yeah. We're still here. You knocked the building down, but like, get Off my bench. Yeah. I hate squirrels. Okay. Also, my husband works for the Freemasons, and I like to joke that his employers are the reason Jack the Ripper was never caught, S-S-D-G-M and keep trying to solve the ripper mystery. Sarah, she, her Sarah, must have written that before this DNA stuff came out weird. I mean, if Sarah's weird Sarah, a day one listener and a second time writer, this could e easily be from 1997 and we just don't realize it. Wow. Okay. Yeah, we're gonna have to get into that. Yeah. All right. This one's called Glitch in the Matrix slash Instant Karma, and I love it 'cause I, I love those glitch in the Matrix stories.


Hi ladies. This story was buried deep in the recesses of my sleep deprived brain, but it came rushing back to me while listening to a recent hometown. It was the early two thousands. I was a junior in high school. My friend and I were enjoying some chicken nuggets at Wendy's across town. Just the kind of crazy shit me and my bad girl crew used to get up to in high school. Just kidding. We were nerds. When a somewhat disheveled woman came rushing into the restaurant, she scanned the place and came over to our table. This woman launched into a long story about how her car had run out of gas just before the exit, and she had to a abandon it, but she didn't have any money to buy gas because she left her wallet at home and can we please give her some spare change so she could buy some gas just enough to get her back to her house?


My friend shot me a skeptical look. I peeked in my wallet, hesitated for a moment, then handed over my last $5 bill. The woman looked shocked that her story worked and said, oh no, that's too much. And I said, well, that's all I've got. Besides, that's not much gas that you so much. I'll come right back. Once I get my wallet, I'll pay you back. Don't worry about it. I shrugged. It's good karma. My friend rolled her eyes as the woman walked out. I bet she doesn't even have a car. You got played. Yeah, probably. I thought the next day at school I was packing up my things. After a play rehearsal. I picked up my backpack from the auditorium seat to find a crisp $5 bill sitting under it.


Now mind you, these were the auditorium seats that fold up if there's nothing holding them down, like in the movie theater. Yeah. So this had to have been placed very carefully under my backpack. I looked around in disbelief. I even called my friend to ask if she snuck the money under there, but she had no idea what I was talking about. Quick turnaround for that karma, I guess. Just was there And there's probably no way that woman knew where they were. No. Where they went to school or anything. No. And it was a scam probably, which is fine, but like it just happened. Like maybe she put her bag down earlier for the, The exact Same stuck. I know, and it's crisp Wild, so Yeah. Like someone went to the bank. Yeah. Just, Just fucking happened.


What? A couple decades later. I now work as an emergency room doctor. Every day I meet people in desperate circumstances, some of which they share with me and some things they don't. I have a few minutes to try and gain the patient's trust. When it goes well, it can be incredibly rewarding when it doesn't. I try to remind myself that you don't need to know or understand a person's whole story to act with kindness, and that kindness will usually make its way back to you. Mm. Thank you for the incredible stories you share. Every week, this podcast has accompanying me on countless drives to and from the er and stroller walks with my baby and toddler and it says, see sleep deprivation reference above the work you do to help humans understand each other is important, and I am grateful whenever I can listen.


Stay sexy and trust in karma. Victoria. Victoria. An emergency room doctor telling us that our work. I know. What the fuck. Come on. What a lovely message. Also, just, that's such a hard job, emergency room. It's like, it's the kind of thing where it's like you have a job where it's the emotional equivalent of somebody that will every night. Right. When you're the at your most asleep, open your bedroom door and start screaming. Right. I mean, it's just like I Make fucking TV shows about it. It's like there's no drama. TV shows, There's Yeah. For a reason That is like, that is the ultimate drama. Yeah. It's Called er. It's like, that's how hard it, it's, God, that was a good show. It was so good. Thanks, Victoria.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile, so outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Big shout out to you for making it through the hectic holiday season. This new year, get clean quality pregnancy nutrient support off your to-do list, including rituals, bestselling, essential prenatal, multivitamin, designed with 12 traceable key ingredients to support a healthy pregnancy with big changes coming up. Take the small steps now and start today with 30% off a three month supply at ritual.com/podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


The subject line of the females kind of cute ghost story question mark in parentheses, cute Ghost story. Okay. It says, hello all animals included. I'm pretty new here and have just started listening to the podcast a few months ago. Of course, from the beginning as I don't wanna feel excluded from inside jokes. We gotta tell you, all these jokes are just repeating. Yeah. There's nothing inside that's confusing. Yeah. But it could be fun. Well, yeah, I mean, definitely start from the beginning, but, okay. So even though it's been a while since you guys have talked about ghosts, or at least up until episode 2 63, Oh my God, we have so many fucking, we gotta, we gotta pause like this podcast so that people can catch up. You know what I mean? Yeah, that's a great idea.


Take a few months off. Yeah. Everyone catch up? Yeah. We'll meet you back here because we just keep adding and it's too many. I know. It's really hard. It seems like we should go on vacation. Wait, That's why we did the rewind episodes, right? Yes, Exactly. That's a good one to help people catch up. That's why. To access that easier. Yeah. Okay. A few weeks ago, I witnessed something ghost related. I knew I had to share with you, so here I go. It was a Friday night and we were home alone at my best friend's house. We were pretty baked and had the munchies, so we headed to the kitchen to look for snacks. As we did that, we never stopped talking. We talked for what felt like hours, and then all of a sudden we stopped. What could have been a comfortable silence was actually much weirder.


The kitchen door, which was almost shut, opened in a manner that only a gentle hand on the other side coming into the kitchen could have opened. Oh God. I must have looked clearly disturbed as my friend looked at me and said, don't worry. It's my great grandma. I asked her to please be clearer, as my weed induced paranoia was about to kick in, and she proceeded to explain that the apartment we were currently in was where her great grandmama used to live up until she passed away. Holy shit. Ever since my friend has been living there, there's always doors shutting or opening, just like that day as if she was still walking perfectly alive around the house as it's her. They just say Hello And let her do her thing. Oh my God.


Even though I almost threw up out of fear, the story made me feel better. Plus, I've always felt welcomed there and the lady had great taste in furniture damn days after that. I remembered something my own grandma used to say, when we were all talking in conversations would suddenly end at the same time. I'm not gonna pronounce this correctly 'cause I don't speak Spanish, but I'm gonna attempt, okay. Paso un angel, which is an angel pass by, so that comforted me too in a way. I mean, at least it's an angel and not anything else. Right Now that I've written it down, it sounds way less scary. It actually felt at the Time. I get it. It's like explaining a dream to someone and you're like, no, you don't get it. They say, so just try to remember the whole thing was happening while being high, which made it a thousand times scarier.


Yeah, but it is eerie because when things like that happen, if it was just kind of like a weird, you know, the wind or something. Yeah. That has a feel to it, but totally a door just kind of very slowly opening. Yeah. For no reason. Woo. To wrap it up, I'd like to say I've always been the freak about murders and crime in my family and groups of friends, and that I really feel at home listening to. You guys Wish you all the best. Julietta from Uruguay, and then parentheses, it says pretty fucking far away. We feel at home here too. It and the house is haunted for sure. Yes. Whatever home this is that we've Made is haunted. There's that great grandma is strolling around. That's right. Trying to be like girls. Do you have to smoke that much pot or can we make cookies and do some arts and crafts?


Oh, that was good. Okay. My last one's short. Okay. I'm not gonna tell you the name of it. It just starts, I just listened to the hometown about a listener bumping into Aretha Franklin, and I have to tell you about the time I spilled a drink on Jane Goodall. Yeah. Oh my God. Wait, are you a monkey? She's just throwing her drink in her face. I was a PhD student studying chimpanzees and was attending my first major conference, and Jane Goodall, obviously an icon was the keynote speaker. I was also like 22 and new to wine at the reception. After Goodall's keynote, I was holding a glass of red wine someone had handed me and trying to make small talk with big name scientists.


Hello. Imposter syndrome. When I turned around to grab a bacon wrap shrimp or something equally exciting for a broke grad student from a passing waiter. But alas, right behind me was Jane Goodall and my drink went all caps everywhere. My only consolation is that because of Jane Goodall's Pronoia, which is the inability to recognize faces, she will never know it was me. Yeah, Nice. Don't call me out. Just call me E-S-S-D-G-M-E. Prosopagnosia. Prosopagnosia. Yeah. Yeah. You say that all the time. It's like they were prosopagnosia, I feel like, 'cause I, it's just a coincidence.


I just saw a clip of Jane Goodall and her team releasing a chimpanzee, I believe, into the wild, and she seems like in just in this clip. Yeah. So incredibly serious. Yeah, and like, kind of like it's, I feel like we couldn't pick a worse person to throw wine on. No, she's like an iconic, intelligent, probably pretty serious, you know, serious minded person. But if you know Jane Goodall to be different, please write in at My favorite murder at gmail com. Oh my God. What if we got Jane Goodall is a bad tipper and the full T we're trying to cancel Jane Goodall. Jane. No, no, no, no, no. What A kindest probably best people ever.


Oh my God. Okay, send us your, send us your embarrassing stories like that. Did Jane Could all steal your boyfriend. Let us know My favorite murder at Gmail. Thanks listeners. Thank You. We love you. We're here for you. Stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Goodbye Jane Goodall. Elvis, do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Kuchi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite Murder.


Goodbye.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs and stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with a style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey there, rich here to give a big shout out to you for making it through the hectic holiday season, the magic of those family moments. That was you. And now there's new milestones to prep for in 2025, this new year check, clean, quality, pregnancy nutrient support off your to-do list with ritual. We've done the research to create science-backed pregnancy support like our prenatal multivitamin, natal choline, and fertility support, all designed to be taken alongside each other, but don't just take our word for it. They're also third party tested for microbes and heavy metals and clean label project certified. So whether you're trying, thinking about trying or already there, we don't have to tell you that prioritizing yourself can be the hardest part. That's why we're helping you get started today with 30% off a three month supply for a limited time at ritual.com/podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five families did not want us to shoot that Picture. This podcast is based on my co-host Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title. Leave the Gun, Take the Cannoli Features New and Archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, That was a Real Horse's Head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, Take the Cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.