
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S trim gets an EP. A estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed by clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The Results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver md. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye.


When your to-do list feels endless, let Audible turn it into a mini adventure. You'll Be the Robinson Cruso of vacuuming. You Can dive in to never flinch by Stephen King, or you can get hooked on Mad Love an audible original that keeps you guessing With every chapter With thousands of titles and originals. Audible keeps your brain entertained while you tackle real life. Start Listening and discover what's beyond the edge of your seat. New members can try Audible now free for 30 days and dive into a world of new thrills. Visit Audible.com/murder or text murder to 500 dash 500. That's Audible.com/murder or text murder to 500 dash 500. Goodbye.


Hello And welcome To My favorite Murder, The Mini. So We read you your stories. Do You wanna hear one? Go first. This is an eighties latchkey kid story and it just goes right into it. It says, I just listened to Jillian's latchkey kid story and I have one of my own. As a latchkey kid, I was always reminded to never answer the door for anyone. One day while my parents were out, one was at work, the other was car shopping. I was home alone. When some men came to the door and started knocking, I looked out my curtain, saw a car I didn't recognize and knew I shouldn't answer the door. The knocking grew louder and louder and became intense banging, and until they finally just broke the door down, Jesus, I was of course terrified and not sure what to do.


I could hear them downstairs rifling through things, and when I heard them start to come up the stairs, I quickly hid under the bed. One of them came in my room and I don't really know why he came to my bedside, but I was sure the thunder sound of my heart beating when that man's dirty steel toed boots were standing inches from my face would give me away. He finally left my room and my dumb brain said, you should try to see what he looks like for the police. Ooh. So I crept onto my bed as he was going the opposite direction down the hall and rounded the corner to the stairs. How he did not see me, I don't know, and I wasn't able to get a good look at his facial features either. I crawled back under the bed and waited for them to leave.


Finally, they left. And because call 9 1 1 in an emergency had not yet been drilled into my brain. I called the neighbor who then called the police. You would think this was bad enough, but upon my return to school, I got the dreaded take this to the office for me directive, and I knew full well that my classmates were being talked to about me and the incident. What? And then in parentheses it just says, why did schools do this kind of bullshit? Anyway, that's weird. It says, thank you Butte Creek Elementary School for giving my tormentors ammunition that made my life hell. From that moment on the next line says I was 11. I struggled with intense nightmares for 20 plus years until I started letting my dogs sleep with me.


Hmm. And you would be surprised by the number of grown ass adults who to this day fucking ask me about it as if we were discussing the weather. Wow. I'm 53 now and have lived my life in constant fear for my safety, and I tell everyone I know to please call first because an unexpected knock at the door throws my heart straight into my throat. Wow. Also, about 10 years ago, one of my biggest tormentors friended me on Facebook. I accepted trying to let bygones be bygones, and then one day I was like, fuck that shit, and I unfriended him. He still occasionally tried to friend me before blocking was something we thought about on the regular, and that's my terrifying latchkey kid story. I'm just out here living my life, always on the edge, but also trying to stay sexy and not get murdered.


Ah, Elsa. Man, that stuff sticks with you. I mean, not to assume anything Elsa. 'cause you didn't. I know that's not your whole life story. I hope you into therapy. Yeah, therapy. That's something you should definitely talk to somebody about. Your body keeps the score And you can work it out. This is called Trash Cat Story. Hello ladies. I finally thought of a good one. A must read. Really. When I was 12 years old, my mom brought home two little kittens. They were roughly three months old, and they quickly became my whole entire life. That's right. I became a full-blown cat lady at the age of 12. The years passed And we lost one of the kittens around age six. The remaining cat was the calmer of the two.


Her name was Penny. She was small, tan and gray, and very quiet. I took her to live with me when I was about 20 years old and she was eight. She stuck with me through the birth of three boys adopting a beagle puppy, a shitty marriage and divorce, and bringing home another strike kitten. When Penny was around 16 years old, having been the solo cat for the last 10 years of her life, she hated that kitten with every fiber of her being and often went into hiding in different parts of the house to escape him. Aw, Mimi. When Penny was 19 years old, I had just dropped the boys off with their father for his weekend and came back home to enjoy a quiet night. I had been home for around an hour. When I went to the back of the house to start a load of laundry coming back into the living room, I was suddenly hit with an eye stinging nose burning wall of chemical burning smell that I thought was coming from the open windows in the kitchen.


I walked through the kitchen and when I got to the front of the house, I realized the smell was coming from inside the house somewhere panicking. I scooped up the other cat Alby and the beagle Rosie, and looked around for Penny not seeing her. Immediately. I took the two pets outside of my car and locked them in. I looked around the outside of the house and saw no smoke, but didn't dare go back inside yet. I called my mom to see if she would know what the smell was. Since she had lived there previously, she told me to call the gas company. The gas company shows up with a firetruck in tow. They use their magic gas sensing wands to look around the outside of the house. Nothing toxic. They go inside, nothing toxic, but they also smell the smell and wanna stay to help identify where it could be coming from. So a team consisting of me, three firefighters and two gas company men start looking in the front of the house where the smell is strongest.


Went out of nowhere. Penny pokes her little gray head outta the cabinet to see what all the fuss is about. I scoop her up when the smell hits me like a load of bricks. It was penny. She gets sprayed by a skunk uhuh In act of what I'm calling cat dementia. Penny walked across the counters when I was out of the kitchen and all caps set her tail on fire. Oh, with a candle I had lit on the counter when I got home. The smell was burnt hair and some streaks of burnt paint on the kitchen wall when she was running away from the fire, the SSE part hadn't reached down to her skin and she was perfectly fine. I, on the other hand, had to explain to the five men in my house that it was my cat and there was no serious danger.


I still can't totally look all this local firemen in the face when I see some of them in school drop offline. Penny lived another two and a half years and passed away shortly before her 22nd birthday last November. She was truly a part of me that I had to learn how to live without. The joy and comfort she brought to me and my children, who had never known a life without her is truly irreplaceable. Keep doing what you're doing, but it has made a world of difference for people who once felt out of place for loving them. A cop, lots of love. Sarah. Aw, Kenny's tail on fire. I mean, it's very kind of like sweet and of course the shy cat gets her cat, her right tail set on fire. But I would say you can go right up to those firemen in the pickup line because you just having some kind of cat problem is the best kind of call a firemen could go on, right?


They love it. They think it's funny. It's something to talk about. Who cares? No one's hurt. No one's jumping off a roof to escape. Yeah, it's it's best case scenario. Okay. I would say with the kind of things that firemen see, they're probably not judging the the cat thing. Yeah. I was afraid that cat was gonna be dead somewhere. A wall, and I was like, this sucks. I'm, I'm sad about Penny. No. Okay. This says historical hometown. Hello, Georgia Karen and the ERM team. Greetings from Quince pronounced Quince by the locals Massachusetts hometown of John and John Quince Adams. I'm a third grade teacher in Quince, and our social studies curriculum is all about Massachusetts history.


My typical audience is the eight to 9-year-old nonino market. So I'm hoping to share my historical knowledge with my fellow Marinos. Please do. You've discussed John Adams in John Quince Adams. But I would be remiss not to acknowledge Abigail Adams. It says Abigail was husband to John, but we think they mean Yeah. Wife, obviously mother to John Quince, and if we're talking founding fathers, we need to talk founding mothers. While the men of the revolution who've been extensively written about in our country's history, shocking we're fighting battles, writing declarations, and signing constitutions, the women were making contributions of their own, although their stories aren't often told. Take Debra Sampson, Massachusetts state heroine, when women were forbidden from fighting and battle, Debra disguised herself as a man, fought and even dug a musket ball out of her leg with a knife to avoid medical attention that might out her identity.


Wow. Total badass. I just read about that woman. Really? Yes. She was a soldier undercover the entire time and then finally had to go to the hospital. I believe that's when they were found out. Yeah. There's Phyllis Wheatley as a girl. Phyllis was taken from her family in Africa and sold as a slave. Her birth name is unknown. The name Phyllis Wheatley, quote unquote, was given to her. Phyllis was taught to read and write by the family that enslaved her a rarity to say the least. And despite her horrific circumstances, she emerged as a prolific poet pending works about the importance of freedom for all. Many of her works were published making her the first published African American poet. Wow. Circling back to Abigail.


While John was traveling for America's independence, Abigail Adams was at home tending to the farm and her children alone. Under constant threat of end danger of the British during their time apart, she and John are well known for writing letters to one another, many in which Abigail offered advice and guidance to John during the revolution. Most famously, she encouraged him to remember the ladies imploring him to support women too, and the need to provide education to both boys and girls. Many schools for girls opened after the revolution. Abigail Adams was an OG feminist. Hell yeah. I hope you enjoyed my often useless historical knowledge. I don't. I think it could be of great use to us here on this podcast.


Thank you for being my companions on my long commute home while I decompress from the chaos that is teaching in America right now. Mm. God, stay strong teachers. Keep fighting the good fight. You're doing amazing. Back at you from Georgia and I. Yeah. Stay sexy and remember the ladies, Patricia Ps a quick array to all the teachers. Oh, I didn't see that. No. This job has always been difficult, but it has become damn near impossible in recent years. Keep digging deep. Stay true to your authentic self and purpose, and don't forget to take care of you. Wow. Yeah. That's good advice. That's a great letter. Yeah. Good job. Third grade history teacher's gonna come in and actually provide us something. Knowledge. We need it. Yeah. Yeah. We'll take it.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you. We're root And we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive. Using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app date and see how much you could save. Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for the towels.


Summer's here and if you're over the age of 11, guess what? You still have to wear shoes. Mm. Might as well get comfortable with Bombas Getting serious about running Bombas. Athletic socks are designed to fight blisters wick sweat and keep you comfortable whether you're on mile one or marathon training. If You're planning your summer vacation, they even have socks that can make international flights bearable. Bombass compression socks help curb aches and keep those legs energized for all the sightseeing ahead. Headed To a wedding, Bombas has ultra soft dress socks that work with heels or hard soul shoes so you can stay comfy and keep dancing. And you know what goes great with new summer socks, fresh white t-shirts, waterproof slides, and a few pairs of buttery soft underwear. Bombas makes all of that too. That's really true. I actually got some t-shirts and some underwear the last time we got sent some Bombas stuff 'cause I've so many of their socks and love them and all of the other stuff is as high quality. Just like it's your go-to thing. Super soft, super comfortable, great to wear. It Is. I love those undies. Sorry I said undies. Head over to Bombas dot com slash mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM s.com/mfm. Code MFM at checkout Bombas dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. Goodbye.


This is 7-year-old, three days and a broken arm. Mm. Hello Queens of the Macab. That's weird. That macab. Yeah, that In both of these. That's the adjective of Guess. So our Producer, Molly's just writing all of these. She's like Georgia. Well like this. It's about a cat named Penny. Yeah, exactly. It says hello queens of the macabre cats of cookies and escape artist dogs. Aw. It was about this time of year when I was seven years old and riding my quad four wheeler to some people. Basically it's a motorized four wheeled thing that a 7-year-old probably shouldn't have been riding on her own, but I was riding it in my large backyard when my dad and younger sister got fishing poles ready to go up to a local pond for some after dinner fishing. When I did, the only thing my dad told me not to do, he told me to go fast on straightaway and slow on turns.


Well, I did not slow down on the turn and the quad ended up on two wheels and I fell off flipping the quad. I remember rolling outta the way to avoid getting crushed, but I was seven, so who the hell knows? I screamed. My dad came running, stopped the runaway quad and then helped me get up. Yeah, my left arm Hurt. Like which one? Cost $2,500. Exactly. My arm hurt like hell. So he took me inside. My mom got me a water bottle for my arm and tried to calm me down because naturally I was crying and freaking out. My mom told me it would be sore for the next few days, but the next morning I couldn't lift it above my shoulder. My mom had to all caps force my arm above my head to put on my shirt and I was in tears.


So like her shoulders dislocated and her mom's like, but we gotta get this shirt on. Yeah. This is the only way to get a shirt on. Gotta, It has to be a pull over the head shirt. Right. I went to school a all caps karate class that night and then school and then school the next day when I came out of school Friday. It says the wreck happened on a Wednesday. My pants were not zipped up or buttoned and I was dragging my rolling backpack trying to clutch my arm. Very pathetic. So pathetic. A doctor's office, a hospital three hours later and questions that I now realize I needed to answer because people thought a 7-year-old was being abused And we found out I had a broken arm. Yeah, You did. Yeah, You did.


I am now 21 years old and to this day, that is still the only bone I have ever broken and I actually punch harder with that arm now bionic arm. In what scenario do you know that? I Know that's something we should all know. Which, which arm do you punch harder with? We should all know And what? Remember when you used to punch with that arm? Yeah. How different is it now? Exactly. That you're, when you're punching. Right? Right. Maybe they blo her up with something. Titanium. Yeah. I also have this kick ass story to freak my friends out. I would like to clarify that my parents are amazing people and very supportive, and I believe this incident has helped me to become a tougher human being. Overall, you Have to say that to yourself, don't you? There's no other way. The other option is so sad.


Thank you ladies. For all you do, stay sexy. And if your 7-year-old falls off her quad, get her to the hospital Or don't. 'cause it'll make her tougher. Right. Brit, Brit, Brit, you're probably as tough as nails. Yeah. Britt's like a positive, you know cheery person who will also fight for you. She's like, Britt's like, get her done. Yes. She's like, look, put your arms up even when you have a dislocated shoulder. Totally Put your ringer T-shirt on and Jam that arm up over your head. If it's really swollen and throbbing and it hurts to move it all, Move It. The answer's karate. Did you hear about the 13-year-old? A guy tried to grab her. It was in Carmel and she fucking used jujitsu on him and broke his ankle.


Hell yeah. Yeah. He was like, Hey, blah, blah, blah. And she was like, I don't need to be helping you. Yeah. And then he reached out and grabbed her and she was just like, juujitsu move. Juujitsu Move. That's amazing. We need, we all need to learn Juujitsu. Yeah. Wow. So good. No, we'll talk about it. That's crazy. Okay, Here's my last one. It says, fist fight at a first birthday party and then a parentheses. It says Spicy family drama. That's what we're looking for. Hello, Karen, Georgia Kitty's, puppies, and the entire Exactly right crew. Long time listener. Second time writer, though this is a much better story, so I'm glad you guys never read the first one. See, we know in many sub four 18 you asked for family drama stories. Boy, do I have a good story for you? Some context. My grandfather was not a good guy.


He was a firefighter who faked an injury and went out on disability for the remainder of his career. Wow. He was also abusive towards my grandmother, mother and uncles. My grandma divorced him in the seventies and my mother, a loud opinionated Brooklyn Italian, stopped speaking to him when she was a teenager. Suffice it to say, we all had no relationship with the man and I didn't know him at all. Fast forward to January, 2002. I'm freshly four years old and the family has gathered to celebrate my cousin Steven's first birthday. My uncle Steve Steven's dad obviously had an icy relationship with his father, but they're still on speaking terms at this point, being that I was only four at the time. I have no memory of the following incident, but this is what I've been told happened.


My grandfather's new wife was making a comment about something and was trying to use the word connoisseur, however, Oh, it sounds like me. It sounds like me. Okay. However, she mispronounced the word and instead said connoisseur, which is fine. That's fine. That's a fun accent. Yeah. My grandmother never wanted to hold her judgment or tongue when it's involving someone. She does not have the highest opinion of. Turns around and very loudly says conno sewer. This one silly comment led to my grandfather and grandmother exchanging some choice words. I bet things began to get a little heated, which led my uncle Frank grandma's brother leaping across the table and punching my grandfather in the face.


A fist fight between two men commenced. I don't know exactly what happened next. I'd imagine they were broken up and maybe the police were called. But I do know that this was the final nail in the coffin, effectively ending the relationship between Uncle Steve and my grandfather, which explains why my brother, cousins and I never even knew the man. My mother will often say, I'm surprised you don't remember that, ma'am. I was four. There are many more wild family moments connected to this story and the nonsense of my grandfather in general. Like whenever my cousins and I come across the word connoisseur, which surprisingly happens a lot more than you'd think. We always give each other a knowing look and exclaim kano sewer like the assholes we are. Or the time I was watching the old school game show card sharks with my grandma.


I love that game. That sentence I was watching. Card sharks with my grandma is like the source of all great memories. Memories. Yeah. Beautiful. It's Such a good game. It is. The host introduces 10 married women and says, how many of these women claim that they've been in love with another man besides their husbands? Scandalous? My grandma says, I think I've been in love with three men. None of 'em were my husband. Ooh, grandma. Spicy. I practically fell on the floor laughing, the icing on the cake. A few days after this, we were informed of my grandfather's passing true comedic irony. My sweet uncle Frank, the unsung hero of this story, lost his battle with Alzheimer's in 2024. He was a New York City firefighter for 30 years, and the grandfather I never had, he was an incredible man, And we all miss him so much, but we know he's always with us, visiting us in the form of cardinals and flickering lights.


He was and remains the best. Stay sexy and don't get into a fist fight at a child's birthday party. Emily, There is nothing classier than a fist fight at a child's birthday party. How about a fist fight at a wedding? Oh, we, Oh, My family did that a couple times. Sacramento. Okay. And IMU tried to pants my grandma. Hello. MFM Day one listener. Somethingi time writer. The first time I heard your voices, I was in the back of a bush taxi in the middle of rural Burkina Faso where I was serving with the Peace Corps. Huh. Since then, I've become an immigration attorney and I'm prepping for my wedding next month. You've been with me every step of the way. Thank you.


Wow. Thank you. While Listening to George's excellent Emu Wars episode, I remember the time I very gently did not stand up to an emu. When I was 10 years old, my family moved to Australia. I was fascinated by all the animal interactions. Early on, I woke up for school and walked out into the dining room to just see my dad in his underwear leaping from wall to wall with a shoebox trying to catch the biggest huntsman spider I have ever seen. Have you seen those ones? And They're like, Harry, It's kind of Tarant Lee if I, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. I Honestly don't want to see It. I won't show you, but I'm gonna look it up really quick. Show me. Show me. Okay. I Should know because I wonder if I'm thinking of, Oh, there's one behind you right now.


Behind you. Ah. The legs are long. The legs are so long. It's Also actually, well, like, I think maybe there's different ones, but this is not hairy. Yeah. Yeah. It's like the tiny version gets in your bathroom all the time, but it's literally that big. But when you see it, you go, those legs are too long. I can't Fucking, I can't do spiders. I'm so sorry. 'cause that one was palm size. Literally Palm size and then like really? Like especially long legs. Yes. Okay. Like you like, how are these people putting them on their hands? Like Long and skinny, like, look at my page right there. That's how I gripped. That's how hard I gripped page. I wrote Fucked on my papers. Okay. Do you want more? No, I don't Wanna see it. Okay. Okay. No more. No more. Okay. And then it says, it's an image I will never forget. Me too. Me Three.


Around my 11th birthday, my grandparents Ann and Bill, a K, a Grammy and Grams mm came to visit us And we set off on a number of adventures to show them our new home. One of the outings was to tid, vanilla national preserve, an excellent nature preserve outside of Canberra where we were living. We took a picnic and set up to eat after walking through the koala preserve. Oh, So minty. I'll Take a koala in my house. Not a fucking Hussman spider. Oh, Imagine any day. Koala on the wall. They just have a little bit of herpes. That's okay. Oh no. Do they? Yeah. Oh no. Yeah, they have a lot of STDs apparently. Cool. Okay. We're learning a lot. Australian. I'm Your Australian information.


You didn't wanna know, you know about Australia hookup? Yeah. Okay. As we were starting to eat a couple E, as we were starting to eat a couple Emos, not as, we were starting to eat a couple Emos, Digging into those Emos right as We were starting to eat a couple Emos started to approach our table. We tried to play it cool, but one of them started to really focus on Grammy, but the Emos just kept getting closer and closer until they were practically sitting at the table with us. Suddenly one of the Emos start pecking at Grammy's pants. She got up and started to back away and around the table, and the IMU followed pecking incessantly at the button of her pants. The rest of the family started yelling at the imu, trying to chase it away, or trying to quickly pack up our lunch.


Me, I ran as quickly as I could into the car and locked myself inside. That's right. And watched from afar as a giant IMU chased my little Grammy around the picnic table, attempting to steal her pants. Why? In the end, the picnic was saved and Grammy's pants remained intact. All thanks to everyone but me. Coward. Also like locking the door. Like an IMU is just gonna open the door Or if anyone else tries to come and get it correct, it's like, no, no, nope. Just me. You weren't fast enough. Stay Sexy and don't let the IUs steal your pants. Ruby. Ruby. Why was, was it like the color or shiny button? Probably because those are like, I would imagine IUs are super cute. 15 feet away. Yeah. And the second they're within five feet, you're scared shitless.


I think just they're terrifying. Up close. Yeah. They got the teeth and the calves and the muscles. Dinosaurs. Dinosaurs. Full on dinosaurs. Send us your stories about Australia stories. Yeah. Large spider on any continent stories. Sure, Definitely. Of course. Emu Always emu. If you've got an emu story, if you've got an emu story We'll take either. We like both. We get it.


There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you We're root And we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education. When you take the test drive using the root app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the root app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to root. We're taking an old industry and making it fair root insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save. Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for the towels.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trod wife, but let's be honest, we all need reliable wireless And that's where Visible comes in. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the go Visible runs on Verizon's 5G network so you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're Talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible Plus Pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus it's all digital. You manage your plan in the app And you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month for their Best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye, goodbye, Goodbye.


Okay. Hi. We don't usually do Hoorays at the end of mini sos, but this is a special occasion. So This is Honking Hoorays presented by Hyundai. Right? You wanna go first? You want me to go first? Sure. I'll go first. Tell me when. We also never read these off carts. We don't. It's all so exciting. I've never read anything with this much lipstick on before. Are you ready? The subject line of this hooray is hooray Lighthouse in Maine edition. Great. After a devastating divorce in 2020, it starts off a little heavy starts. Are you all Right? I'm good. Let's go. We're Gonna be fine. Let's go. We're in the car after a devastating divorce in 2020. I started listening to MFM in one of the podcasts. Karen stated that she wanted to quote live alone in a lighthouse in Maine. End quote. Remember that one? Yeah. That's Great. Well, Karen, after four years of dreaming about what you said, I've moved to Maine from California and I live about 20 minutes walking, four minutes driving from the Portland head lighthouse. Aw, it's beautiful. Hooray. For bravery, for finding inspiration anywhere or just doing what Karen says. Grateful Jill. Sweet. I mean a hooray for that. Hooray. I wanna leave to, I wanna leave California too. That sounds great. Right this second, Right this moment. Can you Read a hooray before you Go? Good thing I'm in a car. Okay. Okay. This is called no title. Okay. I have a hooray. My dog Ripkin finished radiation treatments after six weeks of treatment for sarcoma. He was a very brave boy And we listened to your voices on the entire one and a half hour drive each way to treatments. Oh. Oh. And that was from KK Fenwick three. Kk, KK Fen. Oh, okay. K. Yeah. Let's See. So wait, that dog's okay? Right? Yeah. Okay. He finished radiation after six weeks, but so he is good now. Full Hooray. Full hooray. Gigantic. Hooray. Yeah. Okay. This one is written by none other than a Shelby. Are you ready? Oh, I love a Shelby. So the subject line of this is Hooray. Okay. It was an email. Okay. It says, this is Shelby here, but it is actually Dr. Shelby now. Ooh. I've been an RN since the nine. Since the 19 hundreds. She says, I love that. I currently work as a nursing instructor teaching baby nurses how to not kill people. It's very important. Back in 2019, I was fired from an awesome job with shitty upper management. But nevertheless, this change forced me to look at my path and with my husband's encouragement, I went back to school. Wow. I completed my BSN in the midst of the pandemic. How did you do anything in the pandemic? That's, can you imagine homework in the pandemic? No, absolutely not. And continued to get my master's as a nurse practitioner. Man. Fast forward to now. My 19-year-old daughter is getting pinned, graduating with an RN degree, and she pushed me to get my doctorate in nursing so we could graduate together. Aw. I come from a family that has never been to college, and now I have my doctorate with a daughter that is now an rn. Unbelievable. So a huge array to my badass daughter, Megan, being an RN at 19 and taking her first job in an emergency room. My god, Megan doesn't care. She's like, I am here first in line to help people. I'm jumping in. You got a motorcycle? I'll be there. I'm Megan. I've listened since day one And you ladies have helped me through studying and thesis. Can you believe that? No, we didn't. What does that even mean? Thanks for all your hours of entertainment, her radio. Badass bitches. Shelby. Thanks Shelby. Dr. Shelby. No, Dr. Shelby. Man. Dr. Shelby. You did it. Amazing. Okay. This one is from YouTube. It says, my hooray is that I finally, for the first time ever played d and d This week. See, there's, there's big things. There's smaller things. It's all important. Haray means something different to everyone. That's right. Right. Yeah. I have been wanting the joy of magical role playing since realizing what d and d is only a year ago. And my beautiful coworkers from the school I work at drama teachers baby. Yeah. Join me and my son nine. And we made my dream come true. It was like disassociating in the most wonderful way possible and I can't wait to play again. So hooray for friends fantasy and pretending to be a delusional wingless dragon, the Jane Nester. Wow. Jane. Jane Jay. The Jane Nester. The Jane Jane stir. The Jane Stir. The Jane Stir. Yeah. Jane Stir. Yeah. I love that. I do too. I always thought it'd be too late for me to play d and d, but I guess not. I always thought it wouldn't be believable because of the pretending. Sure. I'd be like, I guess I'm a troll. And yet you're in a car right now. Reading. This is only acting. Acting. This is about as fake as it gets. Okay. Ready? This is also an email that says Hooray, but this has five exclamation points after, and it says, beautiful ladies. I've finally found a stable job since completing my BS small CBSC. Anyone with a college education, not Me, bachelor of Science Communication. Communication International. But then it says in International Wildlife Biology. Dang it, We didn't graduate college. We don't know these classes. So they did all that two years ago. And working in the hospitality industry for the past 10 years, I've been craving some sense of stability. This new job isn't much, but it's providing me with routine structure and an amazing work life balance, which I so desperately needed. Does this mean I'm getting old? Maybe, but I'm here for it. I can't wait to go to bed early. Izzy from Wales and then it says, PS be nice to your waiters. They're dead inside. That's true. Yeah. And your podcasters. Yeah. That's pretty much everybody. Be nice. Oh yeah. Be nice. This one is an email and it says hello. Exactly right folks. Karen and Georgia. My name is Erin. I've been listening to MFM since high school along with my mom. Shout out Margot Margot. I'm graduating from law school as one of the top students in my class. Law school sucks, but it's in my past now. To think that you guys have kept me sane and entertained since I was in high school and now I'm almost a lawyer, is insane. It is Insane. Hope it doesn't make you feel too old. It does. And for a bonus, my cat Yuzu, who has survived law school with me, is basically a cat lawyer. Aw. Because the cat's just been there studying the most time. Yeah. Basically Stay sexy and don't go to law school unless you really want to. Then go and be a badass. Aaron m Aaron, amazing job. Yeah, you. You're a lawyer. You did it. Congratulations. We're glad we were in high school with you. Yeah, it's weird. We were popular in that high school, weren't we? We made it work. Is that it? Yes. I think that's it. Thank you Hyundai for sponsoring this wonderful segment. Yeah. Thanks guys.


Hi. Goodbye. Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Keck and Molly Smith. Our Editor is Aristotle Aveda. This Episode was mixed by Liana Sce. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly Rights YouTube page. And while you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.