
This is exactly


right. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer Experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


at the Hyundai Getaway Sales event. Get deals so right, it almost feels wrong. Now's the best time to get that Hyundai car or SUV you've always wanted. Plus, every new Hyundai comes with America's best warranty and three years or 36,000 miles of limited complimentary maintenance. Don't Think you can get away with all that. Think again, but don't Wait. The Hyundai Getaway Sales Event is going on now. So visit your local Hyundai dealer today. It's A great day for a new Hyundai Goodbye.


This is LaVar Arrington from two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to less and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello, Hello And Welcome To My favorite murder, The Mini Sode. Let me read you your stories. You love it. We love it. You Go first. Okay. This is called Family Drama and my MFM Origin Story. Dear. What? I like the idea. Do we ask for MFM origin stories? No, I guess we should. Dear Karen, Georgia Kitty Katz, and the rest of the team. I am not a day one listener, but my college epidemiology professor is, and in epidemiology three 15, she assigned us a project called My Favorite Outbreak Girl. I know, I'm so proud. Yeah. This was 2018 question mark, and she introduced the project by saying you were her favorite podcast and we were going to research a pandemic and present it as a podcast.


2018. Yeah. Before we needed the who, what, when, where, and how of the outbreak. And we would pull assignments randomly from a hat like if I in college was gonna be like this, I Know there's, I would've tried a little Harder. There's a difference between like good teachers and bad teachers. We were just like, I like learning. Totally. What did my group pull? The 1984 Bioterrorism attack committed by followers of the bsri, what is it? BB Shri Rajni Bgan shi rajni Ri rajni Shri bgan Shri ranni Rajni Ra bgan shi rajni. No, I'm so sorry. Got It. I know, I get it the same.


I get It. It's hard. Bgan Sri Rajni. Got it. By followers of Bgan, Sri Rajni. That's close enough. You G. Yeah. That ending you, you like pulled it back. Whew. That's a hard one. You nailed it. Which you covered in episode 50. Can we please keep that in The whole me trying to pronounce it? Sure. That Was so funny. Oh, that was hard. I obviously can't fit all the details in this email so people can find them there in episode 50. Thank you For doing get really good research. Yeah, yeah. Meanwhile, I grew up in a religious household and as a child I had an aunt that I would describe as quote, very cool. She lived in Manhattan, she worked in television, and then as a massage therapist, she always smelled like essential oils, studied film when she was in college and at one point she had a horse.


I mean, that's all the trappings of a cool aunt. How did she check every box? Seriously, truly. And we have to get horses now. Yeah. To top it off, she traveled a lot, particularly to India and always brought back jewelry, sorrys and other trinkets. It was always the best when Aunt Holly name changed, came back from India. Fast forward back to 2019, I've graduated with my degree in public health and after a brief stint in the psych ward, I'm on my way to New York City to study theology. Yes. Girl. I love just that little, Just a, you gotta dip in to maybe like just hang out in in a robe and smoke some cigarettes and take it easy. Yeah. And don't explain it to us. You don't have to fucking get it. You owe No one any explanation. Absolutely not.


Hang out with Aunt Holly and live in Harlem. She did body work in a center with a lot of different therapists and I attended workshops and listened in on their radio show and helped in the office. I got to meet some of her friends going to meditations and before you know it, I was in a retreat outside the city with followers of osha, also known as B as Bogan, Shri Ra Raj Nera. Raj Rajni Rajni. The only reason I know that is 'cause all through the early eighties he was on the news. Oh, right. Every single night. Right. And because it was Oregon and they were like, these people are taking over. That's right. It was remember your story. Yeah. Come to find out as a fully grown adult that my aunt wasn't just visiting India throughout my childhood, but studying meditation in Pune at the Osho International Meditation Resort.


There she met her life partner and remains a follower of Osho. To this day, Oh my God. If I didn't do the My favorite outbreak project, I wouldn't have known the details of the 1984 salmonella outbreak. When I was introduced some to some of the group in 2019, my aunt maintains Osho is innocent, and personally I do vibe with some of the meditations, however, I'm quite distant from it all now. The Raj Niche and followers of Osho are still very much a thing, and they have really snazzy meditation retreats with names like Mystic Rose. Then it says, don't be fooled though, because in one of them all you do is cry for like three weeks. Done and done. Easy Flying colors. Anyways, thanks so much for reading and for all you do to highlight the lives of and stories of victims, stay sexy.


Listen to podcasts recommended by your professors and don't eat from the salmonella salad bar. VVI mean that. That's the thing about people like that though, is that like of course people vibe with the meditations, all of it is based on really? Yeah, good. Like scientific, like breathing in a certain way totally helps you sitting and concentrating helps you blah, blah blah, whatever. So it's like, yeah, that's all. Yeah, it works so beneficial. Totally. Just like he didn't invent it. Your aunt was in a cult. Aw, cool. Aunt in a cult. I mean, We got some work to do. Wait, well Kind of in a cult already. Yeah. This is definitely a cult.


Yeah. We started our own, that's the coolest dance move of all time. Oh my God, That's a fun cult. It's a fun cult where we're kind of not really in charge, but wait, the fact that V used the descriptor snazzy is, that was my mom's descriptor for things when she was like, you can get like a snazzy blouse. Oh, like that was, I love it. It's the funniest. I haven't heard it in years. Oh my God. No one says that anymore. Snazzy. Snazzy. Let's bring it back. Okay. On behalf of V and variant aunt and your mom and My mother, who is always with us. Alright, and speaking of which, the subject line of this email is stories from the golden age of Parenting and landline phones.


Oh dear. Hi Karen and Georgia and all Who love you. Aw. A longtime listener, but have never written in, you asked for stories of the kitchen phone and all its related trauma, so here you go. Love it. I was born the youngest of six kids with four older brothers and a sister who were all much older than me. Yes. I was a big, oops. Four years after my dad's vasectomy, I've been told, Shut the fuck up. Can you get that DNA tested girl? One guy that was like, I'm not ready to be done and slipped on by. He's like, I'm a fighter Actually, Actually.


Anyway, one kitchen phone for all those people. Chaos to say the least. Yeah, it is. So it is was not that long ago and it is like the stone age where it's like if you're on the phone, that means somebody else waiting for a call couldn't get a call. Absolutely. And you fucking, you talked as long as you could just to fuck with them. Yes. And these days, if you had to share a phone number with someone, could you imagine? Yeah. When I have to hand Vince my phone So he can order what he wants off the food delivery app, I'm like, where's my phone? Where's my phone? Yes. I need my phone. Like he has it for two minutes to order sushi and I can't fucking handle It. There's no worse feeling in the, in my world than when I'm like, I can't find my phone. I'm walking around looking for it forever and it is your hand in my fucking hand. Hand.


Okay. Okay. Back to the email. Do you ever do that when you're on the phone and then you're like, where's you're walking around? Where's my phone? And you're on it like having a phone call. Did you never make a fucking phone call? I'm like listening to my sister talk, but I'm like, wait, I have to get my phone before I leave. Did she Say, okay, stop. Okay. We clearly drank a tonton of caffeine before this episode. Okay. Go. I had a, I had a cappuccino made for me in in our kitchen. Okay. Obviously dinner time was not a good time for any of our friends to call, although I'm not sure how they were supposed to know we were eating, but if my parents' friends called during dinner. Right. All good. Yeah. We would wait at the table for a goddamn hour while my mom talked and we stared at our food.


It's no wonder that my brothers tried to distract themselves by making me laugh because I sat underneath where my mother would be gabbing on the phone if I start laughing. I got a big crack on the back of my head. No, And they got some big laughs themselves. Mission accomplished, but I digress. One thing I definitely remember was how my parents used that phone to call Joe when any of us were misbehaving. Joe was a vigilante of sorts who apparently roamed around the burbs, picking up naughty kids and taking them away in his nasty pickup truck. This scared the shit out of all of us, although by the time I was of the age to get the calls made on my behalf, my older brothers weren't having it.


They spilled the beans. The Joe was fictional pretty early on. Nice. Oh, anyw, who after 10 years of therapy, much dysfunction and lots of life later, we can all now laugh at that ridiculously sadistic parenting techniques. So I haven't seen that one in the most recent parenting books, although it is 2025 out there, So you never know. It may make a comeback. Oh my God. Stay sexy and no matter what anyone says, thank God for cell phones, Lisa. My mom had one of those and she'd pick up the phone and like start ringing it to her ear and say she was gonna call whoever. Yeah. And it it worked. It worked. Yeah. That was like, Adrian's, one of the man is gonna see you and she would say it scared to her own kids.


Oh my God. Like she was scared too, and it would, I was just like, Jesus. And she's like, have you ever had three kids under the age of eight in a restaurant, you know, at a table in Applebee's? And I'm like, no, you're right. You gotta Do what you gotta do. Sometimes you, you do


love is in the air this season. Yeah. So Don't stink it up with your body odor. Whether you're cuddling up for a cozy date night or meeting someone new. Lumi has you covered literally everywhere. Lumi was created by an OB GYN, who saw firsthand how body odor negatively impacts people's confidence and quality of life. It's thoughtfully formulated without parabens or baking soda and it's pH balanced. And Lummi has clinically proven to block and control odor for up to 72 hours. Choose from a variety of fresh, bright scents like Clean Tangerine, lavender, Sage, or toasted coconut. Lumi Starter Pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, two free products of your choice, like mini body wash and deodorant wipes, and free shipping as A special offer for listeners, new customers. Get 15% off all Lumi products with our exclusive Code, and if you combine the 15% off with your already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off their starter pack, Use code Murder for 15% off your purchase at Lume deodorant.com. That's code murder at L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. Please Support our show and tell them that we sent you smell Fresher, stay dryer, and boost your confidence from head to toe with Lumi. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So how do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home and thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more and It's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look At that neira dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's a RTI c.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye. Goodbye.


I really love this Next one. I'm not gonna read you the subject line. Okay. Hello friends. You asked for crazy wedding drama and do I have some telenovela level nonsense for you? Yes. My second attempt at marriage first one is at least three separate emails ended with an opportunity to embrace my entrepreneurial side and turn lemons into dough. Yes, I am a professional ballroom dancer and own a dance studio. Pause. I know. Please. What I Amazing. Professional. Yeah. Do you know how hard that is? Yeah. To like make a living as a dancer? God, yeah. And it's just a hard, I started, I started watching Dancing with the Stars only because of Aloma Mar and her partner Alan, something or other, and they were having, they were trying to do this thing where it was almost like a love romance thing that I, that was so captivating on TikTok.


Ooh. It was the best, but it is so hard. Yeah. Yeah. And hard on your body and everything. Yeah. Which is where I fell in love with my coworker and fiance. Number two, I was very happy despite the red flags littering our conversations, who says in my defense I was trying to be tolerant and he was super hot and he found a non-refundable, all-inclusive wedding venue that we put a deposit down on five months before the wedding. He came home one night to tell me he isn't sure about the wedding. Mm. The next morning he wasn't sure about our relationship. After he ended things. A week later I found out that he was already planning to move outta state to be with the new woman he met at a dance competition. I didn't attend.


I Just don't understand why you meet that person. Yeah. Go with it and let the other person fucking know. Totally. Instead of like immediately You're planning a wet. Yeah. Why would you go all the way other in the other direction? Yeah. No, it's super fucked up. He leaves a couple months later assuming no financial responsibility for any part of our wedding. Then it says, or the Southern California rent he left me with and I put on my capitalism thinking cap. I couldn't get a refund and was left with all the pieces of a great party. So I turned my wedding into a ballroom dance competition for a few local studios. Yes. Brilliant. Yes.


I had the pleasure of telling several vendors about the change in plans. Wedding Cake is now cupcakes Band's playlist now is full of Tangos and Chachas. So many awkward phone calls and emails. I in no way covered the financial loss on that event because the wedding industry is a scam. Mm. But it certainly helped. However, the students love the event so much, it has since become an annual tradition that grows every year and this year is poised to be our largest yet. Oh, can we host it? Let's mc it. You and me. Can we be judges? Yes. And And we go and we have to do a dance. We're to dance Too. That out all caps. It's not a horrible reminder of my trauma LOL.


It was a bittersweet day that has been replaced annually with much better memories, with much better people. I'm now planning wedding number three to a lovely man who is not in the dance industry. Good plan. He is a thoughtful, loving, intelligent person and the cats love him the most out of any of my past partners. Coincidence, I think you know the answer. Thanks for reading and stay sexy and don't date ballroom dancers. Kristen, Santa, Barbara, California, Kristen. Oh my God. So wait is the Fest, is this ballroom dance competition yearly in Santa Barbara? I think It must be. Yeah. God, I love that idea. It's like lemons and lemonade. My friend Jocelyn Hughe was on her what was supposed to be her wedding day with fucking asshole, what she called an Unw weekend where she just, all her girlfriends came out.


We did all kinds of fucked up funny things around weddings and it was not a depressing weekend for her. Nice. You know? Yeah. It was really smart. That's very good. It's like being proactive about, yeah, I know this is gonna suck. Yes. I mean, I've seen a lot of those stories on TikTok too, where it's like, yes, you got left at the altar or you got, you know, yeah. Two days before or whatever, and it could go this way and you're gonna just decide it's gonna go this way. Absolutely. I love that. Alright, The subject line of this email is my petty family. Hi Karen. In Georgia, my girlfriend is a longtime listener, but she knows I love the hometown, so we often listen to The Mini SOS together. You guys ask for petty family stories and boy do I have some for you. The telescope, my family, so each one of them has its own title.


Okay. The telescope. My family has an old farmhouse that we use as a vacation spot. One of my uncles had a rather nice telescope that he kept up there that anyone could use. One weekend when my uncle's family and my family were up there at the same time. This, the telescope was found broken on the porch. But who was to blame? Three question marks. No one confessed. So my uncle being a rational adult, used deductive reasoning and decided the most logical move is to blame my sibling. Why? You might ask, that's a great question that I have no answer for, but for almost a decade and a half, he held a strong grudge against my sibling. He would be rude, mean, and not talk to them all over a telescope that he had no proof of them breaking what they did not break the telescope and still nobody knows who did, but the grudge was formed.


Oh, I bet He broke himself. Right? Yeah. Trying to get someone to pay for it. Yeah. I mean, I would love right now to be able to see a family photo when we just go through and say who we think did, didn't do it. Absolutely. It's a pod. It's a whole podcast. It's some like old kindly grandma that no one would suspect. Yeah, That's what I want. Smash. I don't like stars. Okay. This one is popovers. Okay. My grandmother was quite the cook in her day and in her old age would often still make elaborate breakfasts and dinners for the family. One day the whole family was up at the old farmhouse and my grandmother decided she was gonna make popovers for breakfast.


A small pastry like pancake that you can put jam and butter in, they'll change your life if you've never had them. I don't think I've ever had them. That's not, it reminds me like a Dutch Baby. They kind of look like little muffins. Yeah. Well that, that's like a pan. Yeah. I don dunno. I, I'll fucking eat it. I don't have to look into it. They are a very labor intensive thing to cook, and they take a rather long time. So my sibling and my cousin got hungry because it was already 11:00 AM and breakfast still wasn't ready. They went into the kitchen to make a piece of toast. This was their first mistake. They made their toast and ate it in front of my grandmother. Second mistake, she did not like this and decided she's not gonna finish cooking because nobody's gonna be hungry anyway, because they're all too busy eating before breakfast is even ready.


Oh my God. She stopped cooking completely, left the kitchen and went around telling everybody how breakfast wasn't going to happen anymore because everyone is so full of toast. Oh, my mother. That is so petty. If anybody in my family did that, the second they would start saying that, everyone else would be like, oh, shut the hell up. Like truly immediately crowd shamed. Okay, good. My mother made my sibling and cousin apologize to try to smooth things over. My grandmother, quote unquote, accepts their apology, finishes making breakfast, but doesn't allow them to eat any of the popovers because they were still too full of toast. Yeah.


This might be a deep lesson, a deep lesson lesson about patience or just extreme pettiness. The popovers were amazing, by the way. I mean, there is that thing where it's like, Hey, my old wretched hands, it's, you know, I have arthritis. It hurts me to make this, and you're just gonna like, you're just gonna be uncaring as long As you eat them still, you know? Yeah. And give people a chance to eat 'em. Yeah. Although it does feel good to punish. It does a lonely movie theater. Okay. My sibling and my grandmother were spending a day together and they decided to go see a movie My sibling accidentally, I don't know why I'm already laughing. I don't know what the story is. I think it's, yeah. My sibling accidentally inferred that my grandmother was old, and so it's the same fucking grandmother, I think.


Oh shit. My sibling accidentally inferred that my grandmother was old in front of her and my grandmother did not take this well. No. And so sat my sibling in the back of the theater and then went to the front of the theater and sat separately for the entire movie. Wow. After the movie. After the movie, she drove my sibling home in complete and total silence. All things considered though my grandmother was a fantastic woman. A true, it's too late. No, it's true. Late. No, she was a fantastic woman, a true badass, and could have very well been a NASCAR driver. Wow. I have many stories of her legendary, yet terrifying driving abilities.


Sorry for the amount of stories and the length of them. I hope my family's drama brought you laughs and maybe put a smile on your face. They did. Thank you as always for the wonderful job you do. Your stories always make long drives and doing dishes far more entertaining. Sincerely, a friend. Oh, thank you. Thank you. I think this is a good reminder that you can write in your partner's story. Yes. If they don't listen, you can still use it. Yes, exactly. Right. And also, this person's saying that they don't feel like they're a murdering or, or they're a Listener. They're not into true crime, But then they're like, but also I like what my girlfriend likes. Right. So, And the hometowns are so different that it's like anyone could listen to that. I Mean, who couldn't listen to this bullshit?


Try it. We dare you.


You may love the finer things in life, like soft, cashmere, silk, an effortlessly chic fashion, But your bank account probably doesn't always agree. Fortunately, We have Quince. With Quince. You can get quality luxury essentials without the hefty price tag, like their Mongolian cashmere sweaters starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I feel like I need to apologize to people. 'cause I have one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters in the dark gray, and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter, where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times, and I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for $50, Quince cares about us. It feels like, it's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We Should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear different ones every day of the week. I mean, I absolutely will Give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh. But the best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected, was SimpliSafe with SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too late. But with active guard outdoor protection, SimpliSafe monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah. I turned mine on. Even when I go to walk Cookie, like mine is always on. Right. Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't. I don't think that's something we can ask for, but I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Is It SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free? That's SimpliSafe dot com slash aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay. My last one is called My Greatest Comedic Moment Home voicemail story. Mm. Hello friends. While our phone number was never accidentally dialed for a funeral home or published as a doctor's office, it was one digit off from a classmates and I would sometimes have to tell people they called the wrong house and what the correct number was, but that isn't my story. My best home phone story comes from my comedic genius. As a 9-year-old, my family had just gotten a new home phone with a voicemail system. Pretty sure we just had replaced the cassette voicemail thingy and we were having an upbeat discussion about what our outgoing message should say over dinner.


That's when it hit me a bolt of inspiration. You see, our last name is stump Like a tree Stump. Our voicemail message since I was nine is, thanks for calling the stumps. Now make like a tree and leave a message. I peaked Melissa. Melissa, you did? Yes. My parents still have a home phone and had to replace their phone system, which means I no longer greet incoming callers with my little voice, but I did for 20 plus years. Oh, You be, imagine being able to call and listen to your 9-year-old self right now. When you have like a, when you have a bad day and you're like, I'm not wor, you know, you're feeling down on yourself.


Just be like, when you were nine, you fucking did this. You Had comedy coming out. Your pores Comedy gold. Here's the lastie, Got the stump, the Subject line. You've got this stump subject line. No, you really won't believe this. I was listening. It just starts. I was listening to mini, so four 18 and the writer mentioned how her grandpa rejected the opportunity to draw the golden arches. Oh Yeah. Remember that one? Yeah. He's an architect. It was beneath him. Well, I got one better. My father told me the story that my great-grandfather was sitting in his recliner feeling lazy and decided to create something that would allow him to change the channels from his seat without having to get up. Somehow he MacGyver a box with a wire that went from his chair to the tv.


He called my great grandma in with excitement to share his invention with her. She took one look at the contraption and told him it was ridiculous to think that people would be so lazy that they wouldn't even be willing to get out of their chair to change the channel. She scolded him first, then took the invention and tossed it in the trash. Wow. Now that's petty. That is, that is some old school marriage right there. Yeah. I don't believe in you. Get your shit out of my way. Oh my God. It wasn't until sometime later that the TV remote was invented by some other man who was lucky enough to not have a wife scold him and toss it in the trash. I could have been the Hess to the TV remote empire, but instead I'm a public high school teacher.


You're raising the next next generation of mentors. Yep. At least. Yep. You with that bitterness in your heart. Yeah. You could have had it all. And there's a, they do my favorite little typing Smiley face. Yeah, that's sideways. Love you both more than you know. What you do is needed more than you know. Hmm. Keep at it. Christina. She Her. Oh my God. This is why it's so important to be supportive in your relationships. That's right. We need you guys to support us so we can keep reading your emails. We, you, You have to help us by sending them to My favorite murder at Gmail, please about anything and everything. So many things. Just a good story. Yeah. Good stories are, that's Good. Stories are Great. That's all we want.


Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Heck. Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sci. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder.


Goodbye. This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with a available Afro. Features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you wanna enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact way you want, at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Blue Diamond Resorts and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


Struggling to get out of bed. It might be time for an upgrade. Lisa makes exceptionally comfortable. Mattresses designed for everybody and budget, but what truly sets them apart is their commitment to giving back. Since 2015, they've donated over 41,000 mattresses nationwide. Elevate your sleep in your space with Lisa. Go to lisa.com for 20% off their award-winning mattresses, plus an extra $50 off with promo code iHeart. That's LEES a.com promo code iHeart for an extra $50 off.