
This is exactly right.


Hi, it's Roz Hernandez, beloved comedian and your guide to All Things paranormal. On my podcast, ghosted by Roz Hernandez. Each week, I chat with celebrity guests, comedians, and who knows, maybe even a ghost or two. So grab your popcorn, light a candle, and get ready to dive into the weird and wonderful. Whether you believe in ghosts or not, you won't wanna miss it. Listen to Ghosted by Roz Hernandez, wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Monday.


Listener note, we encountered some audio issues on this episode. Never Fear. We'll be back soon with a beautiful sound quality you have come to expect from us. Hello. And, welcome. My favorite murder, the Mini. So Will we read you your fucking stories? I've I've told you that before. Do you know this or are you brand new? You wanna go first? Sure. Okay. This subject line of this email is, it's a twofer in all caps.


It's a twofer shitty neighbor story, and what am I even doing right now? Nice. Hello to the voices of the angel and devil on my shoulder. You know who is who and then it's, it's an emoji with the winky face. Oh my God, I love that. Now, put yourself in my shoes. You move into a new house in elementary school. You are exploring the backyard while your dad and uncles are screaming about how to move the couch into the house. All is bliss. When you wander behind the garage, you would probably think, oh, maybe there's a weed plant. Oh, how you'd be wrong. In our neighbor's yard was a 12 foot guillotine, and then in parentheses it says, I had to Google how to spell that.


Oh, I would fucking never know. Yeah, it's Tough. GUIL. Am I right so far? Yes. You are L-G-U-I-L-L. Yep. I-T-I-N-E-E-T-I-N-E-O-T-I-N-E. Damnit. So close. So close. You should have asked me to use it in a sentence. Okay. Anyway. Yes, A giant wooden guillotine with this massive shining blade staring at me. Now, I don't know what it was exactly. I was in like fifth grade, but I knew a giant blade. When I saw one, I ran to my mom and dragged her and the lamp she was carrying to see the device. I remember the distinct, what the fuck, leaving her mouth.


She proceeded to call the police. When the police came, they took our story. Then they went over to the neighbors. Mind you, we were just moving in and have even yet to meet these people, And you called the cops on 'em. Fucking narc. Yeah. Just immediately our sweet neighbors came over giggling and all caps carrying the giant blade. They proceeded to tell us the neighborhood is really big on Halloween and showed us the cardboard blade covered in silver duct tape. The guillotine was a fake Halloween decoration, and because of its size, it didn't fit in their garage. That following Halloween when I went trick or cheating, I went up to the man and proudly reminded him. I tried to get him arrested.


My parents still live there today. The neighbors have since moved out. And I Hope. Wherever they are now, they warn their new neighbors about what's to come each spooky season. Now what do I do while I listen to your lovely giggles? I'm a costume designer for theater productions. The most recent script I received mentioned MFN by name. What Are we in? Lay miserable. Wait, are we in Revolutionary France? That's crazy. Actually, they tell us. It's about a young girl trying to prove her father's innocence. I smile every time I hear that line. Yay. Anyway, S-S-D-G-M and warn your neighbors about the medieval killing equipment. Maya.


Wow. Maya. Yeah. That's a nice one to kick it off that has all, yeah. All the elements we need. It does. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, good one. This one's a classic, almost kidnapping story. Mm. Hi everyone. I grew up in a neighborhood where it wasn't uncommon to see SWAT teams shutting down our block to bust meth houses. Oh, my story takes place about 20 years ago when I was around five years old. One day while I was playing in the front yard by myself. A woman I had never seen before approached me. She told me she had lost her cat and asked if I had seen it running around the neighborhood. I said, I hadn't, and then she asked if I would help her search for the cat. She extended her hand and asked me to follow her to her car saying that her son was driving, and we would sit in the backseat to look out the windows, which would be faster.


Like fucking, what the fuck? I mean Classic. Yeah, just nightmarish. But like as a child, you're just like, of course. Yeah. I'm gonna, of course I'm gonna help you It. She says, as I started to reach out to her, I suddenly thought I should check with my mom before getting in the car with a stranger. Yeah. I pulled my hand back and told the woman, I need to tell my mom first, but then I can go. I ran inside to ask permission. My mom understandably alarmed, ran outside to confront the woman, but by the time she got there, the woman and the car were gone. I remember being upset that the woman had left without me and begged my mom to let me leave a bowl of milk out for the lost cat. It wasn't until much later that my mom told me there was probably no cat and that I had narrowly escaped being kidnapped.


I'm grateful that my five-year-old self knew enough to seek my mom's permission before getting in the car with a stranger. Who knows what could have happened otherwise. Thank you for the work you do and for giving me the opportunity to share my story Best. Emily. She her Emily. I hate that story. Good for Emily though. She fucking thought twice. That's right. It's terrifying though. It is so scary. I wonder when, like what year that happened. It says about 20 years ago. Oh, shit. Yeah. Early 2000. God, I know. I think that shit's over and it's not Burning hell. Lady with the lost cat. Seriously,


have You ever felt uneasy leaving your home, wondering if everything will be safe while you're away? Enter SimpliSafe home security. They deliver reliable protection and reassurance for families everywhere because SimpliSafe knows that in a crisis, every moment counts. With fast protect, monitoring and live guard protection, SimpliSafe agents are on standby and can respond within five seconds. They can even see and speak to intruders to stop them right away. And Simis saves 24 7 monitoring costs less than a dollar a day, half the price of traditional home security. It's no surprise why SimpliSafe has been named the best home security system by US News and World Report for five years running. Once you purchase your system, you can choose your installation process. It's easy to do yourself, or you can have a pro do it for you, and there's really nothing like being able to monitor your home while you're away from it On video. The idea that I don't have to worry about it in its some general way, I can just pick up my phone and check all the cameras, and there I go. Everything's fine. And I. Know it for a fact. That's the kind of thing that these days, you just takes that off your mind. You don't have to think about it. Protect your home with 50% off a new SimpliSafe system, plus a free indoor security camera. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash fave. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye.


Okay, this is insane. The subject line of this email is grandma's tricky dog. It says, Hey, gang, you love dog stories. You love grandma stories. So here's the story about my grandma's clever dog. I grew up living next door to my grandmother. Ugh. Yeah. What A dream. I mean, seriously. I have so many fond memories of visiting her on a regular basis. I'd look out the back window of my house, and if I saw her light on over the kitchen sink and the top of her head in the window as she washed dishes, I knew it was a good time to visit. I'd run out the back door yelling, I'm going to see grandma. As I let the door slam, I'd go into grandma's kitchen, she'd make a pot of tea and would serve either homemade banana bread or crackers and cheese.


We'd sit at her kitchen table and she'd tell stories. This story was one of my favorites. My grandma was born in the year 1900. Wow. Wow. I am not certain of the year that this story took place, but I'm guessing it was around 1910. Holy shit. Jesus. This was long before podcasts. She lived in a small town in Idaho with her younger sister and mom. Why there wasn't a dad is an incredible story for another time. Well, you better write it back in. Come on, Jesus. They also had a dog. This dog was apparently really clever and could do lots of tricks. I'm sure his bag of tricks included sit, stay, and play dead. But his best trick, according to my grandma, was saying his prayers.


What? When they told him to say his prayers, he'd put his front paws up on the table and put his nose in between his paws. He'd peek up at them, but he'd stay in prayer position until someone said, amen. And then he'd get up. Fucking shit. I'm gonna cry. So cute. Oh my God. I bet it was a border collie. They're so smart. One day my grandmother's mom had just made fresh donuts. I mean, talk about a 1910 event. Yeah, right there. Sounds amazing. Sorry, I should've read the whole sentence and had put them on onto a plate to cool, but not into the window sill. Okay. I know. Come on. This is a cartoon, right? Come on. The three of them then decided to go for a walk, and then in parentheses it says, in my mind, I always picture the dusty town from the little house series with boardwalk sidewalks and dirt streets.


Yeah. The plated of donuts was in the center of their table. Their dog wanted to go for a walk too, but for some reason they didn't take him this time. They left the house and went on their walk. When they returned, no dog came running to greet them. The first thing they noticed was an empty plate on the table that used to hold all the freshly baked donuts. I think those donuts are deep fried, though. I don't wanna argue somebody else's experience, but aren't by nature Donuts. Deep fried. No, you can bake 'em nowadays. Maybe. I don't know about back then. Yeah. This was 1910. Okay. They're probably fried. They figured that their dog had eaten them all, and when they found their dog, he did seem guilty about something mystery solved or so they thought.


But the truth of the missing donuts was so much cleverer than that. As my grandma, her sister and their mother went about doing their regular house cleaning chores. Over the next week, they began to find donuts. Yes, their clever but spiteful little dog who was so mad that he wasn't taken on a walk with them, had not eaten the donuts. He had hid every single donut around the house. Eventually they found all the donuts that had been placed on the plate. That fateful day, as my grandma would tell me the story, we'd laugh, trying to imagine this dog carefully taking the donuts from the plate one by one, and looking for the perfect spot in the house to Hide a new, A new place each time.


Yeah. Understanding the concept of hiding. Yes. Yes. And And spite. Yeah. And revenge. I never got tired of hearing this story and many others that she'd tell again and again over the years. Every once in a while she visits my dreams and in my dreams. I always think, oh, grandma's back. I'd better get up there and here's some stories, because I don't know how long she'll be here. I think I was very lucky to grow up living next door to my grandma. You were. I hope you enjoyed this story as much as I always did. Stay sexy and always take your dog with you on walks, Julie. Aw. Well that made me think of my grandma's. Yep. That's so Sweet. That made me think of our old next door neighbor, the Wellington's grandma, Noni who lived next door to them, and she, it was the greatest, and she wasn't even my grandma.


Just the best that just Live next door to a grandma, I Think is the rule. Yeah. Their vibe. They just, they get it. They're big picture. They don't kind of give a shit about the small stuff. Totally. It's the best. Totally. Okay. This one's called Treasure in a haunted movie theater. Hi, MFM fam. The very best way I can show you how much I love you all is to give you exactly what you're looking for. A true treasure story, including murder stuff in walls and petrified m and ms. Thank you. When I was about 12, my parents purchased the only movie theater in our tiny Montana town. Cool. My mother, Lisa Renovates historic buildings for a living, and this 1914 theater was her largest project.


Oh my God. I mean like Growing up in that environment, All I can think of is how much popcorn I would eat. I just would never stop eating popcorn. We're actually gonna get there. It had gorgeous mosaic floors, original chandeliers, layers of dirt and trash I can bring myself to describe in detail and ghosts. Mm. Among the list of things my little brother And I found while we were used as child labor to clean out the random shit that had piled up in the theater since its last renovation in 1948. Oh, shit. And then it's listed an entire rack of near pristine costumes from the 1960s that I wore from many Halloweens Christmas tree decorations attached to 12 inch serrated knife blades, and then it says, I don't have a better way to describe this.


They were birds and a foam Christmas tree that looked like they were glued on, but nope. Giant knife instead, I don't get it, but I don't wanna fucking find that. Yeah, I know. It just seems like someone who was having a hard Christmas season decorating. Right. A pack of m and ms suspected to be from the 1950s based on the package design and so many movie posters. My brother unfortunately won our competitive scavengering contest because in a box of random papers under a window seat, he found a signed picture of Elvis himself with a note that said, thanks for everything. Holy shit. We sent it off for verification and it was certified as the real deal. My brother still has it hanging up on the wall in a red velvet frame, And I moped for weeks that I didn't find anything.


Nearly so cool. That is incredible. The ghosts like to mess with us by turning lights on and off, moving furniture around, and most freakishly making it feel like someone was playing with your hair when you were alone. No, dude. This Happened to both me and my mom. On separate occasions, my mom told me she got so fed up with it that she once shouted at it to cut it out. When one of her contractors asked about the yelling, she shrugged and told him someone had to put the ghost in their place. The ghost may very well be the man who was rumored to have gotten in a fight on the balcony and was tossed to his death on the seats below. Oh my God. Those same seats I had to unscrew from the concrete floor by hand during the renovation.


To this day, I don't know if my participation in that activity was actually helpful, or if my parents just needed to sit me somewhere with a job so I would stay out of the giant garbage bag size bags of popcorn that got delivered to the store room and it, thanks for the laughs and for helping us murder Enos. Find a welcoming place we can escape to when the world around us gets too real. Hmm. S-S-D-G-M and Leave the ghost wrangling to your mom, Elizabeth. She her Elizabeth. That's a dream childhood scenario. I know. I'm sorry. You had to work your way through it in that way. Also, Elizabeth's saying that their movie theater had popcorn delivered from the outside in.


They didn't make it there. Yeah. I think a lot of 'em do it like that now. Oh, and then they warm it up in the popcorn thing. Come On. I know. I know. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to burst your bubble. No, it's okay. I literally, during the pandemic I found on Postmates, they you could get movie theater popcorn and snacks and stuff delivered to your house. Wow. And I did it one time. Wow. It was really great. That's brilliant. Yeah. Big fan of the Saltiest popcorn. You can find


What drives someone to commit the unthinkable. How does an ordinary person transform into a serial killer? If you've been curious about the twisted psychology behind the world's most infamous criminals, mind of a Serial Killer is the podcast for you. From Jeffrey Dahmer to Ted Bundy, to The Night Stalker Mind of a Serial Killer takes you deep into the chilling minds of some of history's most notorious criminals. As the layers are peeled back, find out what compelled them to commit such violent crimes. Vanessa Richardson and Dr. Tristan Engles not only explore these stories, but also the dark psychology behind them. To help uncover the answers Follow Mind of a Serial Killer, a Crime House Studio's original. Now new episodes drop every Monday. Again, that's mind of a serial Killer. Follow now wherever you get your podcasts. Goodbye.


This podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health. For many women, approaching menopause is a mystery And not a fun mystery like, Hey, who brought in donuts? Yeah. It's more like, what is my body doing and who can I talk to about It? And that's why MIDI Health wants to help you demystify and navigate this time of your life. They're the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. They Support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, supplements, lifestyle coaching and preventative health guidance plus MIDI Health Services are covered by most major insurers. Menopause is an unavoidable fact of life, but navigating it doesn't have to be a mystery. For my favorite murder listeners, be one of the first 200 people to complete your first MIDI virtual visit, and you'll get a free proof 15 day hormone test kit so you can track your daily hormone levels and gain valuable insights about your hormonal health. Just tell them it was my favorite murder. Who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com. That's join, MID i.com. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Listen to this one. Here's my last one. I was the safe deposit teller at a Malibu bank. Ooh. Yes. This is what we were asking for. Yes. Dear Karen, in Georgia, my daughter Gabby turned me onto your podcast during the pandemic, and we both listen religiously. Me from Las Vegas, she from Sweden. Ooh, We Love you. And the love is in all caps. That's nice. Oh, thanks Gabby. Okay, so now into it. You said, I was obligated by law to tell you a story about working in a safe deposit vault. It was 1980. And I was working at a bank in my adopted Malibu, and then parentheses, it says, I was attending Pepperdine, I was 18.


And the safe deposit teller, when somebody lost their one safe deposit key, it was a big deal. They would have to make an appointment, come in with ID and a locksmith would be there. And then in parentheses, yes. So cool to watch. Oh, the bank president and Yep. The safe deposit teller. This one morning, the person who lost his key was Martin Sheen. I'm not exaggerating when I tell you how lovely of a man he was. Oh, and, and then it says, probably still is. He told us that he was recently in a movie about a bank heist and proceeded to lay out the entire movie for us, and then at parentheses it says the locksmith was taking his time.


The movie called Loophole came out the following year after the locksmith replaced the lock on his box. And I handed him Martin Sheen, his new key. He was on his way. Most of the stars had passports, birth certificates, and a bit of jewelry. They were basically just giving us the inside scoop on like what we could find in there if we could look. That makes sense to be a famous person and like not want that in your house. Yes. In case someone breaks in. Yeah. Put it somewhere super safe. Thank you for all you do. Having been in psychology for the past 30 plus years, it's great that you have done so much to destigmatize seeking mental health help. You are both truly treasures. Aw. And then it just says, Jay.


Aww. Thanks Jay. Great little insight with a little famous person thrown in there. Perfect. Perfect. All the things we love. Perfect. Mother daughter. Amazing. I mean, come Malibu. We both Malibu love Malibu. Malibu. Okay. My last one is called Great Grandpa's name, short and lighthearted murder besties just like me. I'm going to keep it short and sweet. Hmm. My great-grandfather's name was Noble Welcome Hand. He was a gentle, yet strong World War II veteran who oozed wisdom and love until he passed away last year at 99-year-old.


Oh, noble. Welcome hand, RIP. However, I come to tell the story of his name, his mother, pregnant with him. Her fifth child was visiting a neighbor when the neighbor asked if they had chosen a name for the baby. Yet my great-great grandmother replied, yes, his name will be welcome. Noble to this. The neighbor laughed and exclaimed. You can't name him. Welcome. The fifth child is never welcome. Ouch. Plus, my great-great grandparents decided to switch the first and middle name to instead become Noble welcome. Also, his longtime nickname was Spark, due to a spark plug being surrounded his head while bike riding with friends as a child.


That's how you go to fucking nickname. Yeah. My great-grandparents were married seven years before my great-grandma. Martha passed away in 2018 at the age of 94. Their marriage was the blueprint that the rest of our family has tried to duplicate. Stay sexy and watch what you name your children, Ashley. Ugh. Let's see the Name Noble is so old fashioned and cool. It's beautiful. Yeah. For dude Noble. Yeah. So good. So noble. So good. Aw. Send us all your stories, people. You can tell us about your grandparents. You can tell us about your mom. You can tell us about your dad.


Yeah. You can tell us about like your animals, your hometown store, hometown, murder that happened, Old jobs you've had that you think we'd like to hear about. Yeah, definitely. Mom and pop stores, blockbuster video. We don't care. We just love you and we wanna hear from you. Yeah. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Good. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi.


Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at my favorite murder and on Twitter at my fave murder. Goodbye.