
This is exactly right. Hello. Hello, And Welcome To My favorite Murder, The Minio. That's right. We read you your stories about anything and everything, And your grandma And your grandma. You wanna go first? Sure. Mine is called My Own F Politeness story.


Greetings Karen, Georgia Pets and all fellow Merinos. I'm writing as a longtime listener. I'm a bit behind on the rewinds, but catching up. My wife Fond, refers to you as my potty mouth podcast girlfriends. Oh. After hearing the Adelaide Oval Abduction story, I was reminded of a situation from my own career that perfectly embodies your F politeness mantra. Yay. I retired from a major LA metro law enforcement agency after 32 years, so I've got plenty of stories. The LA PD, by chance, Oh my God. But this one felt particularly relevant. One day during my long commute home, LA traffic, you know the drill, I was taking the streets trying to avoid the freeways.


Something caught my eye, that gut feeling you get when something just isn't right. I saw a young girl, maybe 12 or 13 walking alone, and a station wagon was slowly following her. The driver was leaning over trying to talk to her through the passenger window. Her body language screamed that she was uncomfortable. I immediately made a U-turn and pulled in behind the station wagon. As I did the station wagon pulled into a driveway ahead of us. I spoke to the girl, identified myself as a police officer, and asked if she knew the man. She shook her head. No, I told her to stay close. Then I then pulled into the driveway blocking the station Wagon Inn, and with my badge in one hand and my gun drawn, I ordered the driver to turn off the car and show his hands.


The girl stayed behind me, shaken using my cell phone. A new thing back then, I called the local police, identifying myself as an off-duty officer and explicitly stating that I was the black guy holding a gun on the bad guy just to avoid any misunderstandings in North Orange County, Jesus Christ. During the three or four minute wait for the local coppers, the guy tried to give me a story about how he was innocent pleading for me to let him go, but I wasn't buying it. When the local officers arrived and interviewed the girl, we learned that he had been a substitute mailman who had delivered to her mom's house and had been bothering her. She said he made her extremely uncomfortable, and this was the first time he had approached her on her way home from school.


He was easily in his late thirties, and she was clearly very young based on her statement and what I witnessed. He was arrested for annoying a minor. He later pleaded guilty, likely getting probation on a plea deal. I was never called to testify, which is frustrating. I just hope he hasn't preyed on any other children. S-S-D-G-M and remember, screw politeness, you don't mind your own business M Los Angeles, M Los Angeles, especially if you're an off-duty police officer. Totally. Yeah. The ultimate in the duty to fuck politeness. Right. Please, God, as these people are out, there's something about, and I just in my mind, that was like a early eighties shitty, broken down brown station wagon.


Yeah. Yeah. That's that. Yeah. Just Beware. Totally. We'll change it up a little Bit. I won't read you the subject line. It says, hi, Karen, Georgia, sweet Animals and other wonderful humans. There's a, if you're watching this on video, there's a whole control room filled with wonderful humans who make this show, and they're right over there. Maybe someday we'll show them too as they make the show, If they want, if they let us, We put a camera in there, They're all like, no, no. My little sister went to college in Rochester, New York, and worked nights at a bar near her campus. She lived off campus with her friends in a super cute old house in a neighborhood of college kids.


Megan had always been a badass, take no shit kind of girl. Parentheses, probably because she's the baby and has two older sisters. Yeah. One day she came home from work and noticed a chair under her bedroom window, which was on the first floor. Now, this was an older house, so the windows were about six feet off the ground. Not easy to see into or get into. She thought it might be something another drunk college kid did and forgot about it. A few days later, she noticed her window AC unit had been tampered with from the outside. She called my dad and he arrived the next day to put in window alarms, a security camera, and floodlights. Then she came home one day from class and happened to notice some movement in her backyard.


She stepped outside and saw all caps. Someone in her bushes, Oh my God, most people might scream, run back inside and lock the doors and call the police, et cetera. Not Megan. She yelled at him so loud, he ran outta the bushes through the yard, and into the street. She chased him. I'll stop right here and say, do not ever do this. No, don't chase anyone. Don't ever do this. But Megan, she's a wild one. Yeah, and it's her story, so let's tell it. Okay. She ran after him down the middle of the street, still yelling and throwing rocks, sticks, and even her shoes. Damn. Megan, A few other college kids saw the commotion and tried to help her catch him. Yes. It's a mini night stalker Situation.


Yeah. He got in a car and drove off. She later found a grocery store receipt in her backyard and knew immediately it had to be his. She turned it into the police so they could trace it back to him. I, of course, lost my shit when I heard this. I mailed her pepper spray and a taser, but she wanted to buy a bear trap, Megan. I mean, it'd work, Megan. That'd be so funny. Megan, stop it. I love Megan. Thankfully, I talked her out of that drunk college kids in a bear trap is a disaster waiting to happen. Right. Megan, I just wanna invite y'all. A few months later, she went to a Buffalo Bills game and forgot she had the pepper spray on her key chain.


Security wouldn't let her carry it in the stadium, obviously, and so she wasn't allowed in. She was sent a letter in the mail telling her she was banned from the stadium for having a weapon. What? I'm pretty sure she has that letter framed. Nice. It's all a funny story now, but a few years ago, we had found out that the guy hiding in my little sister's bushes had been arrested and charged with serial rape. Holy Shit. Because it's always, that's the beginning. Yeah. That's step one. Yeah. He's not innocently casing the joint of a young female by herself. It's not an eighties movie where being a peeping Tom is charming, Charming, fucking assholes. Motherfuckers. He had been stalking, assaulting, and raping college women all over that neighborhood by following them home and sneaking into their bedrooms.


Oh my God. Super scary, and I can't believe my little sister chased his ass down the street and threw her shoes at him. God, I love her. Yeah, I love her too. Yeah. Stay sexy and don't be afraid to be scarier than the creepy guy stalking you, Stephanie. PS Megan is now a traveling oncology nurse. Whoa. Working with cancer patients of all ages. She is my hero and the most amazing human I know. Oh my God. Fuck. Yeah. Megan. Megan, like, don't chase all that stuff, but she showed him she was a fighter. Yep. And he's like, I'm not coming back to this house. Right. Which Is pretty incredible. And she's like, don't, because I'll trap you like a bear. Right. And then I'll enter you in a circus and make you dance.


You perv. Okay. This next one's called Near Death Experience and why I maybe should never have been born. Question Mark. I can't be true because we need emails and you're providing them. Right. So this is your destiny. Hey, MFM gang, day one listener here. I've lived in five states and had three baby girls since I first started listening, and you guys have been one of the constants in my life. Aw. So thank you for that and a whole lot more. Let's get into it. Back in the eighties, long before I was born and my parents were married, they had begun dating in secret because my dad is 19 and a half years older than my mom. Oh. And it says in parentheses, gross, and my grandmother would not have approved, and then it says she came around eventually RIP, because my dad was a well-known dentist in our relatively small town, so she probably was like 22 if he was 44 or like 40 or something.


Right. Yeah. You know? Was he 40 though? I hope So, Don. I don't. I don't know. Let's just hope for the best. He and my mom would go on dates in a neighboring town about an hour away where they were less likely to be recognized by anyone. Shit, this is the eighties. It was on their way back from one of these dates on a relatively un frequented road that my dad decided to teach my mom how to drive stick shift in his brand new car. A Porsche nine 11. Of course. Is that how you say it? Yes. Porsche nine 11. So we got an older dentist with a Porsche nine 11 dating a woman 20 years. His junior, which if you don't know, is a tiny and flashy two-door sports car. Yeah. Right. Porsche nine elevens were all the rage in like the eighties For the older dentists, for The older dentists, finance bros.


Guys that had coke. My mom started out all right, shifting into gear with relative ease, but when it came time to get up over a hill that led to a small narrow bridge, she panicked and stalled out. They were stuck on the uphill. My mom not quite able to see what might be coming over the narrow bridge from the other side. As my dad tells it, he was able to see and spotted a large logging truck, Allah final destination, headed their way and told my mom she needed to move the car. Now that's A lot of pressure. Yeah. Chill. That's a great way to get someone to, and you're stick she, she's like grinding the gears over and over again. Yeah. She kept working at getting the car into the gear and in near tears, looked up to ask my dad for help, only to realize he had opened the door, hopped out and abandoned her and the car and was running down the hill away from the ongoing truck.


Oh No. I Mean, sorry. The world, the world needs dentists. They got married. I know. The world needs dentists. Save yourself doctor, By some miracle, my mom got the car going, was able to crest the hill and move outta the way just in time for the large truck to cross the driver laying on his horn as he passed all caps with absolutely no help from my dad. My mom still brings up this story and is always quick to note how my dad thought to save himself first before thinking of anything and anyone else. She still fucking married him. She still married him. Is that A happy ending? Do Are we gonna call it that? Well, I, it depends. We have to listen to the rest of the email. Fortunately, My mom got that car moving and saved herself in the expensive car, and despite this huge red flag, she stayed with my dad.


They got married and had me a few years later. So it's an ending. It's definitely an ending. I mean, Stay sexy and don't count on your problematically older lover to save you. Alex, she her. I bet you Alex goes to therapy. I bet you anything Alex can laugh at it because she's been to so Much 'cause therapy. She has no choice, which is how it is for most of us. Sure. I mean, that is the fucking funniest thing of all time. It's just like, well, at least you know what you're dealing with now. Yeah, yeah. You Can go. Yeah. If something went right. 'cause they got married, so Yeah, You married it. I think you Call, I mean, marriage isn't always a happy ending. If I was that young woman and I mean young woman, I would've been like, it's my car now.


Yes. That's the law. The email subject line is crawlspace treasure in old house, three minute read. Amazing. Hello Auntie. My partner and I bought our first home last year in a small town in the middle of Connecticut. We've always had dreams of buying a mid-century fixer upper, and last year we finally found it. This home fell into disrepair after the previous owners had passed and it ultimately went to a bank. All we were told was the couple who lived there built the house and lived there until passing. Wow. Yeah. Georgia would've loved our first tour of this time capsule as nothing had been updated in this house since the fifties. Dude, Imagine that wallpaper Gorgeous.


Through our final walkthrough, I found that we had some serious crawlspaces on the second floor that were big enough for a bunch of ghosts, stalkers, and deviants to have parties in. Needless to say that when we moved in, I found a great place for a dresser or chair right in front of the crawlspace doors. Fast forward to a few months after our purchase and my partner and I were realizing that the funds we had put aside for restoring our home were quickly dwindling. We had finished a few necessary projects, but we were quickly approaching winter with an 1980s furnace and water heater that were not gonna hold out for the colder months. Thank you. New England winters. Around the same time, we had some family come stay with us, two of them being my Marino cousins who were excited to get a top to bottom tour of the house, and to my disappointment, they had me move my strategically placed furniture from the crawlspace doors so they could have a peek.


I ushered them in and we traversed the dark space with our phone lights. As much as I would've rathered, we didn't as much as I would've rathered. We didn't. We didn't. What a wonderful clause. I'm glad we did because one of my cousins found what looked to be an old lockbox tucked away behind a support beam. Oh, shit. You gotta go in those old crawl spaces. Oh, we had them and we blocked most of them off. You did. You didn't check. I mean, it was like there's no reason for anyone to have gone in there, so yeah. There's probably a lockbox in there except To hide. Yeah. Their treasure. Right. It's a perfect place clearly to hide stuff. Yeah. Maybe. You know, I just thought of this and it's so wrong.


I was like, you could hire a TaskRabbit and somebody could come do it for you and it on in. Like, can you imagine the nightmare? They're like, Hey, do you want me to move some furniture? No. Get into that. Yeah. Crawl space. Yeah. Horrifying. Okay. Lockbox behind the support beam. The thing weighed a ton and we brought it outside in the backyard, crow bars and hammers in and that'd be so fun. Oh, How exciting. After A proper beating on this thing, we finally pri it open to find it full of old coins. Yes. And it says Q Goonies theme music. Definitely. My inner child dreams had come true. I didn't even care what the coins amounted to. Finding literal treasure in an old house is priceless, but this is reality and we are adults, so my partner and I took the old coins to be appraised.


We like to think that the old people who owned our house saw how much we loved and appreciated their hard work and wanted to pay it forward to us. So when we left the coin appraisers, $5,000 richer, we knew exactly what we would do with it. Yes. Our mid-century dream home has since been restored and we had a very warm winter thanks to that treasure. Yes. Stay sexy and don't be afraid of crawl spaces. L Oh my God, that's so satisfying. That's Also a great number. It's like 5,000. Yeah. That's Like solid check of like, here, go do some good. Totally. Go take care of some stuff. Go take care of that stuff. Yeah. It's that. It's that annoying stuff when you put money into a house and it's nothing you can see. Right.


So it's just like fucking frustrating Until it gets real cold and you're like, Juju. Right, right. My last one's called, I'm not telling you. Okay. But it says short and sweet. Hello to all the wonderful people at MFM slash Exactly. Right. Since we're all just submitting stories for funsies now, I have a good one. Great. My dad and my mom have many odd stories from the early days of their dating slash marriage life. My favorite is how my mom met her future Italian in-laws. My parents, Steve and Debbie, thank you. Classic. They met in 1987. That's Right. Had been dating for a little while before.


My dad asked my mom if she would like to meet his family. He invited her over and said his entire family would be there. My mom walked into this house filled with Italians to find a wake happening in the living room, literally a dead body in a casket in the living room. Casual. This was the early eighties. Yes. My dad had invited my mom to meet his entire family at his dead uncle's wake in some random family members' living room. How romantic. You'd think this would've been a red flag for my mom, but alas, they've been married for almost 40 years and still going strong. Wow. I'd say this is the weirdest story of their relationship, but they literally met at a toga party where my mom was going to buy weed from my dad.


Aw, that's, this is a good one. This is a sweet one. That's after my weird one. Yeah. So Good. Stay sexy and don't meet your future mother-in-law in front of a corpse. Much love Stephanie. She her. That's Also, I've never been to a wake at a home where the body is in the home. Right. But I know that it is like traditional. Yes, for sure. Have You ever No. At a church, but not, yeah, yeah, yeah. No. Like in the living room is Different. Yeah. Most creepy. Yeah. Okay. Ready? Okay. I picked this simply by the subject line and did not read it. Oh shit. Because the subject line is hotdog justice. Ready? You got it. It has to work. Let's See. Let's make it work. Hi all. I love you, but there's no time to waste on flattery. My moment has come. It's hotdog justice.


Oh my God. What? Amazing start. Yes. I feel good about this. Years ago, my dad was involved in a management of the Western Pyrotechnic Association. I think we're golden. Oh my God. We're going, I'm gonna guess. Festival hot dogs fireworks. Let's hear it. Okay. They'd have a big conference each year in Lake Havasu where they'd build fireworks, shoot them, and party, not necessarily in that order. This particular year, my dad was in charge of providing hotdog buns for the kickoff barbecue. Keep in mind, this is a barbecue for over a thousand sweaty meat, loving self-proclaimed pyromaniac, so he had to purchase thousands of hotdog buns enough to fill up his green Volvo station wagon to the brim.


Whoa. My dad decided that the best course of action was to purchase the hotdog buns from our local Costco. How else could you do it? Yeah. Just like you're not sure a business You can, yeah. You're just going to every grocery store in town and just cleaning them out of hot dog month. Okay. Go to Costco, and then packed him into our giant rental van, which he would be using to transport all of his firework gear into the desert. Oh. Since I was around 12 at the time and the prime age for providing child labor, I helped my dad unload the hotdog bones, which we stacked on every available surface in our yard. We then rushed off to get the rental van enter Bodie, our sweet, highly food motivated lab pit bull mix.


Oh, NOIE. As my dad and I returned with the van and pulled into our long gravel driveway, we lived in the countryside of the South Bay area. What up, Karen? Yeah. We saw utter carnage. Oh my God. All around us were whole hotdog buns, parts of hotdog buns, and the tattered remains of the plastic bags that once held them. It truly looked as if there had been a hotdog bun explosion. Bodhi is like, this is the best moment of my entire life. Bodhi is like for all those times. Yeah. That you told me to get down. Totally. You told me. No, I couldn't have something broke, A treat in half. Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. Wow. How about we double, quadruple 1000th that we got out and my dad started swearing profusely, but he quickly stopped as he did some math.


These were a lot of hotdog buns, but this wasn't all of them. Where were the rest and where was Bodhi? Our house had a large ravine on one side, and as we peeked over, we couldn't help but notice a long trail of hotdog buns and bags that led up further into the ravine under the cover of dense oak trees. We called for Bodhi, but he didn't come back as we waited for our own hotdog dog to have returned. This is what we figured happened. As soon as we left, Bodhi went wild with hot dog joy on the thousands of unprotected buns. He jumped on the table, ripped open the bags, and shook the buns out everywhere. He took bites out of some, saw the hundreds around him, got excited, took bites out of those two.


Then he realized that he needed to relocate his stash, so he dragged bag after bag to his hideout up in the ravine. Oh my God. We never did find the rest of the hot dog buns. But Bodhi got his own hot dog justice. He came back hours later. His stomach's so full that it was hard to the touch. Oh my God. Gross. That happens to Frank. So painful when Frank eats super fast and he goes and lays on the couch and he's just like that. He had packed every possible part of his stomach with those delicious hot dog buns. Bodhi laid down in his dog bed and was softly moaning and loudly farting for hours afterwards. Oh my God. And in true dog fashion, he did still try to get us to feed him dinner.


Yes. Thanks for reading and thank you for all that you do. You're truly a shining light in a world of darkness. Stay sexy and guard your hot dog buns. Roya. Oh my God. Hey, Roya. Thank you for writing a perfect email. Yeah. And letting me roll the dice. That's how much I trust our murdering of listeners. Yeah. They know how to do this. That was Great. That was perfect. It was perfection. Bodie Bodie. Bad dog, but good boy. It's all up to Bodie. That's right. Thanks for writing in you guys and listening and all the things. We Love your stories. And if you wanna send one in or try again and again, we'll get there. We'll get to your email. Don't worry. Doing My favorite murder at Gmail. And until then, stay sexy And don't get murdered.


Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Keck and Molly Smith. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This Episode was mixed by Leonna Ce. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow this show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly Right's YouTube page. And while you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.