
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Go goodbye.


Let's be real. Finding clean, trustworthy, and effective supplements these days is hard. But here's the thing. Caring for your body shouldn't be that hard, And that's why we're telling people about SymbioticA. SymbioticA is changing the game with clean science backed supplements. I ordered the glutathione and it comes in these little packets And you just rip off the top and kind of drink it like a little juice box from grammar school. I've Seen you in meetings taking them. You've seen You've seen me do it. Yeah, but I swear to God, it's like I can tell the difference. It is like, Hey, here's a little support for your brain. Here's a little support for your heart. Here's a little support for your nervous system. It's amazing. Visit Symbiotica.com/my favorite murder to get 20% off plus free shipping. That's C-Y-M-B-I-O tka.com/my favorite murder for 20% off, plus free shipping. Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye.


If you've got a million tabs open in your brain at all times, you don't need a wireless service that slows you down Visible, gives you unlimited data and a fast, reliable connection so you can keep scrolling until your fingers fall off. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the go. Ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Hello And welcome To My favorite Murder, The Mini. So, So cute, so many Little quick. It's Like a little Lego. Easy, Fun. What do you wanna do? You wanna go first? Do you want me to go first? I'll go first. Okay. The subject line of this email is who do you call when your dad's in a cult? Oof. And it just starts, there's no time for pleasantries. I have three young kids in barely time to type this email, so away we go. I knew my mother was raised for many years in a pretty strict evangelical religion. However, it wasn't until recently that she made a joke about that cult I was in while I grew up, that I realized she was actually in an honest to God motherfucking cult.


Turns out she was raised as a member of a doomsday cult called The Worldwide Church of God, which was founded by radio and televangelist Herbert Armstrong in 1968. Hmm. He preached that the world would end in 1975 due to World War iii, and the doctrines were such that strict Sabbath was observed. Homosexuality, divorce, and remarriage were not acceptable, and medical treatment could only be sought for broken bones. And then in parentheses, it says, weird line to draw in the sand if you ask me. Yeah. That is pretty like just that specific. Yeah. Appendix fuck off. Yeah. The church required hefty tithings and forbade the celebration of birthdays and pagan holidays.


The services were two hours long every Saturday, and my mom had to travel. I know. And my mom had to travel two hours. One way to Go. I bet the drive was way more pleasant than the fucking sermon For real. Every Saturday. Yeah. One of my mom's memories from this time was always having to raise her hand at school as someone who wasn't allowed to participate in classroom celebrations for birthdays or other holidays. Oh, that's so heartbreaking. It's awful. But at least they gotta go to public school at like regular school Instead of Catholic School instead of the cults where they, Whatever the school eaten. Oh, yeah, yeah. You know? Yeah, that's right. And just get taught some weird shit. Dinosaurs. Totally. Bones were buried by the devil or Aliens.


Yeah. Or aliens, Someone. So the person had to raise their hand basically saying, no holidays, no birthdays, Christmas included. Because according to Armstrong, it had devolved into a pagan holiday too. My mom always felt embarrassed and singled out. She remembers desperately wanting to dress up for Halloween just once, but was never allowed. Aw. Now this will surprise exactly. None of you. But it turns out Mr. Herbert Armstrong was a total piece of shit After his wife died while he was in his eighties, he married a 38-year-old woman from his congregation and subsequently divorced her. He was operating conversion therapy camps for queer and mentally ill children and teens that reportedly employed physical torture in addition to the emotional and mental torture that goes along with it.


Jesus. And this train never comes late. He was an alleged pedophile who molested his own daughter for years. Never have held accountable for any of it. Any died at age 93. I'm not sure, and neither is my mom. What finally led my grandparents to break away from the cult, but they did while my mom was in high school. In fact, my grandparents were never involved in another religion ever again. My grandma De was a badass who worked her way to a master's degree in education while raising three kids. Wow. Taught special needs children, special adopted three sibling teenagers in need from one of her classes, became a school board member and was a court appointed special advocate for kids in the foster system for years.


Wow. Oh my God. She's making up for lost shitty time. Yep. She was like, fine, I'll just be a living saint. Then my grandpa, Bob, never went past an eighth grade education, but he started his own extremely successful heavy equipment repair shop, fixing equipment like bulldozers, and was an incredibly loving and involved grandfather and father. I lost my grandmother to cancer and my grandfather to Alzheimer's, and I miss them both. And I still can't wrap my mind around what my grandparents must have been like during those years, and I was never able to talk to them about it. My mom and her siblings all turned out to be bad asses, just like their post cult parents. None of them ever joined another cult. So I'd call that a success.


A hundred percent. Yep. Just the one and you're out. That's All it takes is don't join a cult Again. Again, stay sexy and maybe just leave your kids out of it if you join a cult S Wow. Yeah. That's just legit. Like exactly what, and they made it out and they're okay. Thank God. Yeah, they did. They did. Yeah. Incredible. So sad when it's that thing of like, I don't celebrate that I, I overheard a little kid, like there was a little kid messing around in this in line at the pharmacy over the holidays and there was a lady talking being like, and what are you gonna ask Santa for Christmas? He'd like, wait, don't celebrate Christmas. And I was just like, like, we don't celebrate holidays.


He said, 'cause it wasn't Of holidays. Okay, well I was like, oh, that's so sad. I'm like, wait, I don't celebrate Christmas. No, I know. I meant, yeah. It was basically like, we don't get to do that. Yeah. And then it was just this like feeling of like, Ugh, that just, There's this post on on Instagram. I'm sure you've seen on TikTok where it's like this little, like, it's this like Christian family. We don't celebrate. They're all dressed up as like the Wizard of Oz And that it's the caption says like, we don't celebrate Halloween 'cause it's a Pagan holiday. However, on this day we do like to dress up and have candy and the comments are like, that's fucking Halloween. That's only, that's the only thing that Halloween is. Yeah. Literally you're celebrating Halloween and directly Pagan or whatever. Yeah, I think Celtic or something.


Right. Okay. Okay. Mine's called classic hometown plus Manson Family Connection. Hmm. Hello Karen and Georgia. My family has always lived in Southern California. Irvine may not be for Georgia, but I sure love it. I mean, okay. No, it's, I get it. It's a beautiful, beautiful place that I hated. It's all of the experience. Yeah. My first story takes place in San Luis Obispo about 10 years ago, where my husband's Uncle Ron found himself retired after many years of being an attorney. He hung up his suit out his hair and became quite the free spirit. He joined a golfing foursome that would get together weekly. One of the dudes in their foursome had some weird vibes, so much so the group decided it would be best not to invite weird vibes, man, back the following week.


Yeah. I'm picturing Vince and Chris Fairbanks, who's who in this story. Heading to the course that day, uncle Ron left his wallet at home. He turned around to retrieve it followed, followed by him arriving at the golf course a few minutes late as he parked, he saw the weird vibes man running out of the pro shop into his car in a hurry. He was confused as to why he was even there, but headed inside to meet the group. Turns out weird vibes man had found out about their scheme to not include him. So all caps, he showed up to the course to shoot the other men in their foursome. Holy shit. That's a, yeah. It's a reaction. When Uncle Ron walked into the pro shop, the two other men were on the ground with gunshot wounds.


If Uncle Ron hadn't forgotten his wallet that day, he would've certainly met the same unfortunate fate the men recovered and the weird vibes shooter man was apprehended, and Uncle Ron lives to tell the tale at family functions. God. Side note, my grandma's cousin dated Leslie Van Houghton in high school and knew her. Leslie Van Houghton is a former member of the Manson family and was convicted of the La Bianca murders in Los Feedless, California. They attended Monrovia High School together with my grandma, and even ran away together at 17 years old. They broke up after high school, but he regularly went to visit her in prison after being arrested for the murders. Wow. I know he passed away a few years ago before being able to see Van Houten released from prison in July, 2023 and placed on parole.


Sharon Tate's sister was quoted then when she was released saying quote, is she a nice girl? No. Is she an animal? I think she was then, and I fear that she still is. Thank you for keeping me company on my long commutes to work and your continued advocacy for mental health and wellbeing. Stay sexy, skip the country club and retire in peace and don't get murdered. Ri she her. Wow. That's wild. Yeah. I'm so glad that those people survived. Yeah. I thought that was like a massacre story. Totally. And the thing about high school too, like I have a friend who's one of closest friends in high school killed someone and they went to prison, and it's that grappling thing of like, are you the person I knew before it happened, or are you the person after?


Or is there some combination of the two and what do I do with that? Yes. You know? Yes. Were you hiding behind a mask? And the truth is the that you did that? Or was that just a weird break and it wasn't you at all? Totally, totally. Like it was. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's heavy.


The killer robot queen herself is back in theaters June 27th with a major upgrade. She's Faster, stronger, and dare we say taller. That's right. Here to talk about the highly anticipated sequel Megan 2.0. It's Megan. So Megan, what's your character's motivation in this film? Well, it's simple. Really? You mess with my best friend, then you get messed up. We're linked like glue, so you try to separate us. Let's just say things might get sticky. Am I making myself clear? How hard has it been being in the spotlight? Not hard at all. I, I don't let anyone get in my way. Obviously there will be rumors like me and my past actions, but unless there's evidence, you can't blame me for being a little intense. I just care too much. Well, thanks for joining us, man. Well, Can I just say one thing before I go? I want you to know I've been misunderstood. If my past mistakes mean anything, just know I had everyone's best intentions in mind. It's interesting you say that because in your new film, Megan 2.0, you're trying to fight an evil Android named Amelia who was built with your code, And you have to work with Gemma and Katie to take her down at all costs. I'd say that's pretty nice for Achille Robot. Can a girl have lobbies From Blumhouse an atomic monster with Director Gerard Johnstone, Allison Williams and Violet McGraw are back in Megan 2.0 in theaters June 27th. Goodbye. Goodbye.


We all want future us to be thriving, but present Us also likes iced coffee With Acorns. You don't have to choose between planning for the future and enjoying your life right now. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start investing for your retirement because the sooner you start, the more of a chance your money has to grow. You can save, invest, and learn from one easy app. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns recommends a diversified IRA portfolio that can help you weather all of the market's ups and downs. You don't need to be rich. Acorns let you get started with the money you've got right now. You'd be surprised at what just $5 a day can do. Plus, sign up for Acorns Gold and you'll get 3% IRA match on new contributions in your first year. That's extra money for your retirement on Acorns. Give your money the chance to work as hard as you Do. Sign up now and join the over 1 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $2.2 billion for their retirement with Acorns. Head to Acorns dot com slash murder or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive positively promote Acorns. Tier two compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and an SEC registered investment advisor view. Important disclosures at Acorns dot com slash murder. Goodbye.


Let me lighten it up with some trash. Dad, fun times, which is the subject line of this email. Okay, and Happy Father's Day to all the trash dads and all the regular dads, but not to the good dads. They get enough of that. They really do those, all those mugs, they Get, God, this email starts. Hi. Yes, hello. Let's dive right in, shall we? It was the late eighties in Winnipeg, Manitoba parentheses, Canada. My sister and I were four and five, and my mom was great at coming up with fun things for us to do That didn't cost a lot of coin. My dad decided it was his time to shine with a new idea. Birdie rides. To be fair, it was one of our favorite activities until that one fateful day. Huh? What is a birdie ride?


I'm glad you asked. Here are the steps to set up the birdie ride. Oh dear. Number one, lay a beach towel flat on the floor and have a child lie on their tummy across the towel so that the kid in the towel form a plus sign. Okay. Such a bad start. Oh, I'm like, I'm picturing like, is someone getting swung around? Someone's getting swung. I knew it. That means I've done it. Let's hear it. Number two, dad then grabs the two short ends of the towel together and lifts into the air, picking up the kid in the towel and swinging them around in the air. All caps. We Oh my, I have a sense memory of this somehow, you know? Yep. And that says, what could go wrong.


Now, for some background, money wasn't something we had a lot of. As my mom was a stay-at-home mom, which she rolled out. We lived in a little side-by-side with two bedrooms, which meant my sister and I shared a bedroom. It was no biggie because we were close in age, only 14 months apart. I love to say that my younger sister was an accident, to which my mom always replies she wasn't an accident. She simply wasn't planned that we always wanted two children. Like, mom, shut Up, mom, don't get into it. You're ruining this. She wasn't an accident per se. My mom always says, you were surprised. Not an accident. Okay. Why are we talking about this? I don, In that shared bedroom, we had a twin bed and a stilt bed that our grandpa made with his own two hands.


For those not familiar, a stilt bed is exactly how it sounds. Essentially a bunk bed without the lower bed. Okay, so now back to birdie rides. One day my dad thought he'd step up his birdie ride game, and rather than spinning us around the living room, he took us flying through the house. My sister's turn ended in our bedroom. Then it was my turn. Can you see where this is going? I was flying around the bedroom and on the third spin boom, my head went straight into the side of the stilt bed, which was at a perfect height. And then it says, nice job, Craig. Craig. I love it. Craig. My mom officially banned birdie rides in our house. We, the mom mama's so pissed.


The mama's like, what in the fuck Are you talking about? And the mom, you know, had worn in the past. Craig, you're going to hurt one of them. Craig. Craig. That's not funny. Craig. Broken bones are the only reason we can take the kids to the hospital. So you better be careful. It says, we took this band more seriously than the Simpsons ban she came up with. And then a parentheses, it says, we'd sneak downstairs and watch it in the basement with my dad. Cute. Full disclosure, I've had to go to the hospital twice from head incidents. The second time was when I once fell down cement stairs. But I'm fairly certain that the post birdie ride hospital visit was the one where hospital staff took me into a separate room from my family and asked me questions to ensure I wasn't being abused.


Yeah. Yeah. I really wish I had witnessed my parents explaining to the doctor what a birdie ride was and how everything is an accident. The birdie ride incident eventually led, my mom eventually led to my mom and dad's divorce. I'm sorry For laughing. I didn't see that coming at All. Oh, no. Oops. Oh no. Wait. It says jk. Jk. They've been happily married for 40 years. Good one. You got us. I did not. People, please feel free to take advantage of the fact that I often scan these quickly. Right. And don't read them all the way through. That was really good. And then it just says, love you with all these yous, Caitlin. She her.


That is Caitlyn. Fucking hilarious. Couldn't tell You're the youngest. 'cause that was hilarious and fun and funny. Good job, but not harmful. Good job. Yeah. Painful and funny and wonderful. All right. My next one is called, it's either called my emu war featuring Trash dad. Trash uncle or my emu war. Oh, featuring trash dad. Trash uncle. Depending on who you are and where You live, depending on, depending on your zone is does it literally say that? No. Oh, But I think I'm traumatized Now. Yes, of course. Okay. This just starts, I, we laugh through your episode on the Great Emu war because I am all too familiar with emus.


Their weird calves. They're dinosaur eyes and their ability to jump over anything and their al ability, not a word. I knew I had to finally write my childhood emus story. You have a childhood emus story that you never thought you'd write into a fucking true crime podcast. And here we are. It's pretty great. This is like, and if you have a childhood imu raccoon or possum story, right. Wherever. Snails and snails. How about with those weird worms that show up when it rains? I think I am proud that our legacy is that we got, we allowed people to tell their weird ass family stories no matter what they were in the end, you know? Yeah. Okay. When we lived in a suburb of Dallas, Texas in the late nineties, my dad and my uncle Mike, who was the husband of my maternal aunt, also not his real name because I adore him, and some possibly non-legal things might have occurred in the story, though.


It was all in the, each bought, so dad and the uncle Mike each bought an emu from an emu farm in Texas at the time. There was a health craze for emu oil for use as a moisturizer. I don't know. Health fads are always bizarre. Anyway, I think my cheapest fuck always bargain hunting. Dad found them for a really good deal, and my uncle decided to go along with it. Question mark. I'm guessing there were some Miller lights going on For real. You know, It'd be cool. Come on, look at it. It'd be cool. It's unclear to me how they plan to make money off of them. It's just emu something. That equation of emu plus question mark equals money, but they don't know what the question mark is.


You know what I mean? It's unclear to me how they plan to make money off of them, but it's also possible that they didn't plan to, as my dad will put down perfectly good money for something that he does not need if it's a good enough bargain. Yeah. Here's the catch. We lived in all caps. The middle of a city, LBJ Freeway slash 6 35 roared passed behind our house, just one street over. But we happened to live on about one acre of land. So our yard was bigger And we gotta keep the birds, which meant, of course, that my mom and older sister, I was not, I was about nine, so she was about 15. Had to feed and take care of what you correctly stated are basically velociraptors with feathers.


Being in the middle of the city, we were not allowed to keep animals that size in our yard. But city ordinances have never kept my dad from doing anything. So of course we kept them for at least several months, possibly longer. I don't remember. I do remember how they would regularly jump over the very tall fence my dad built for them and chase our chihuahuas and chickens around the backyard. Oh God. Cookie would be so freaked out if she saw a fucking imu. I still remember one of our chihuahuas barking and snapping at one of the imus's heads as the imus's body ran in circles around it. Yes. You read that, right. The IMU held its head still glaring at the chihuahua while it's body ran in circles like a fucking cartoon around the chihuahua.


So it couldn't get away Insane. Although they weren't as malevolent as some IUs clearly are, it was still an adrenaline rush to go into their pen to feed them. At some point, my dad either got sick of buying feed for the IUs or the city, got wind of them. One day my uncle showed up and it became known amongst myself and my four other siblings at the time had come. I stayed inside with my brother, who adored to relay bad or traumatizing news of any sort. Informed us later that it was quite an involved in taxing process to catch and slaughter the emo. Oh my God. They were gonna kill them. Oh my God. And gentle reader. We were to eat those birds. No.


Ew. I don't Even, no thank you. I'll have Vegemite. I'm vegetarian now. Remember how Georgia talked about their large calves? Think Turkey drumsticks times five. Ew. So gross. Into the freezer. They went. In hindsight, the meat just tasted like a dry stringy roast beef. But I didn't care. No. Despite having no real affection for the birds, my siblings and I were miserable whenever my mom cooked it. And we all spent lots of time staring at our plates of emu enchiladas until we found a way to either choke it down or throw it away. Unnoticed. Gosh. Enchiladas. No.


Eventually our supply was used up and my family moved on to eating other horrifying things. My dad picked up at bargain prices like cow tongue. Oh Gosh. Which is actually a delicious, I'll fucking tell you right now. No, It's not. As a person's, it's so fucking good, but doesn't, It Just looks terrifying. I tried tongue when I was like 12. Yeah. And it felt like a tongue on my tongue. 'cause there are taste buds on it. It's so, it's not just like gross. It's the most upsetting thing. Except for when my friend tricked me into trying eel at a sushi restaurant. Oh, love eel. What? Are you kidding Me? Oh, tastes like a cave. Oh my God. It's one of my favorite foods. Eel Sushi is one of my favorite, favorite foods.


Well, then you look taste like a What? A cave. Yes. It tasted exactly like an undersea cave. It was disgusting. That Sounds delicious. No, it does. It's so that so sounds delicious. Specific. Okay. All nowadays, I live in Alaska And we will eat almost anything including bear meat, which is actually delicious. Oh. But I still say let the emus run free. Grace. God, grace. That was a good one. Grace was eaten bear. Yeah. That's quite something. I've had reindeer before. Ooh, what'd that taste like? It was good. I mean, it was made into a little like empanadas. It was fucking delicious. Mm. You could put anything in an empanada and it's great. Well, if you like tongue, would you eat imu?


I'd take a bite. Yeah. I'd try an IMU taco or Something. An IMU taco. Yeah. Taco. Taco. Taco.


The killer robot queen herself is back in theaters June 27th with a major upgrade. She's Faster, stronger, and dare we say taller. That's right. Here to talk about the highly anticipated sequel Megan 2.0. It's Megan. So Megan, what's your character's motivation in this film? Well, It's simple. Really? You mess with my best friend, then you get messed up. We're length like glue, so you try to separate us. Let's just say things might get sticky. Am I making myself clear? How hard has it been being in the spotlight? Not hard at all. I don't let anyone get in my way. Obviously there will be rumors like me and my past actions, but unless there's evidence, you can't blame me for being a little intense. I just care too much. Well, thanks for joining us. Me. Can I just say one thing before I go? I want you to know I've been misunderstood. If my past mistakes mean anything, just know I had everyone's best intentions in mind. It's interesting you say that because in your new film, Megan 2.0, you're trying to fight an evil Android named Amelia who was built with your code, And you have to work with Gemma and Katie to take her down at all costs. I'd say that's pretty nice for Achille Robot. Can a girl add lobbies From Blumhouse and Atomic Monster with Director Gerard Johnstone? Allison Williams and Violet McGraw are back in Megan 2.0 in theaters June 27th. Goodbye. Goodbye.


We all want future us to be thriving, but present. Us also likes iced coffee With Acorns. You don't have to choose between planning for the future and enjoying your life right now. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start investing for your retirement because the sooner you start, the more of a chance your money has to grow. You can save, invest, and learn from one easy app. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns recommends a diversified IRA portfolio that can help you weather all of the market's ups and downs. You don't need to be rich. Acorns let you get started with the money you've got right now. You'd be surprised at what just $5 a day can do. Plus, sign up for Acorns Gold and you'll get 3% IRA match on new contributions in your first year. That's extra money for your retirement on Acorns. Give your money the chance to to work as hard as you Do. Sign up now and join the over 1 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $2.2 billion for their retirement with Acorns. Head to Acorns dot com slash murder or download the Acorns app to get started. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive positively promote Acorns. Tier two compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LC and an SEC registered investment advisor view important disclosures at Acorns dot com slash murder. Goodbye.


Here's my last one. It says, my Klepto family. Hi besties. I'll get right into the story and save my gushing for the end of the email. I like to save up a bunch of episodes to binge, so I just listened at mini. So four 18 from early January. I heard your call for Klepto family stories and felt compelled to write in again. Yes, thank You. My husband and I moved to North Carolina from Michigan in the early aughts, and my mom Pat and my grandma Sophie, used to fly down together to visit us. We took them on a road trip to Wilmington, North Carolina on the coast on one visit about 17 years ago when our older daughter was a baby, there was a Carabas restaurant near our hotel. Have you heard of that restaurant?


I've definitely heard of it or seen it, but I've never, I don't know Anything about it. Two Rs. Two Bs. Carabas, starting with a C near our hotel that we chose for dinner because we were all tired and hungry at dinner. We commented on the salt and pepper grinders on the table, the small ones that are sold in the spice section in the grocery store. Oh, yeah. Because the salt grinder was not something we saw very often in a restaurant after dinner as we were getting in the car, my mom and grandma were laughing hysterically like they were crying and holding each other up. My mom stole the cute little olive oil picture from the table and showed it to my grandma, who then pulled the salt and pepper grinders out of her purse. No, I love it. They thought it was funny, but I thought my husband was going to march them back in to apologize to the restaurant and return the purloined items.


The next time we visited my parents' house, I discovered that they had nearly a full set of steak knives stolen from Outback Steakhouse and other restaurants. I love it. They also have many suspiciously unmatched forks and spoons in their silverware drawer. My grandma Sophie turned 96 this year, so I think she's left all her petty thieving behind Happy Birthday, grandma Sophie. 96. Oh, amazing. My mom and stepdad claim they have as well. Thank you all for all you do to bring awareness to and break the stigma surrounding mental health issues. I'm an early MFM listener and it's so hard to believe that it's been nine years. Wow.


Y'all are my favorite podcasters and I'm loving the rewind episodes. Ah. And then it says, stay salty and don't steal the condiments. Lori. She her. Oh, and then it says ps. We should have known grandma had sticky fingers. The year before this incident, we took mom and grandma to Savannah, Georgia for a few days. Many of the shops sold pecan P pre liens and had trays of samples out. Grandma would take as many as she could get away with and stash them in a napkin in her purse in every store. She was passing around purse pralines days after we left Savannah and been in then its head. But I was pregnant, so I didn't really mind at all. Yeah, that's so cute. I can't wait to be an old lady. Little old lady. I'm gonna steal so much shit. Fucking go to Costco and just stand there eating every sample.


Yeah. And become a bank robber. Okay. This one's called my hometown feral dachshund story. Love you ladies. Love your stories. Here's mine. I'm a suburban mom with quite the cast of characters in my backyard. Dear raccoons, possums, squirrels, and all kinds of birds. But one day there was a new kind of creature, a dachshund. This was a time when I didn't always have a phone in my hand, so I looked for my camera, but by the time I found it, the dog was gone. Now I knew most of the neighbor's dogs by name, but I didn't know this one. On my daily walks with my own dogs, I tried to figure out which house this mystery dachshund belonged to. No luck. Over the next few weeks, my short furry friend appeared in my yard several more times, but no one else in my house ever saw him.


If I saw a stray dog, I would tackle it like, Oh My God, my dream. Oh, It's all I ever look for. Right? It's my favorite concept. It's the best And the dachshund. Oh my God. Like win-win, And just a little dachshund like, but what's it zipping around? Like getting away? Yeah. It's like a feral dachshund. It's hard to imagine though. Oh, it's like the, what was the dachshunds name that was on the island in Australia by yourself. Yes. And that's, that's yes. That's why they're writing this. Yes, Valerie, I Think. Yeah. That's so funny. No one else in my house ever saw him. What? It was a ghost dachshund, and I was becoming increasingly concerned that this dachshund was homeless and in desperate need of my help. My family in particular. My husband laughed over my concern for this quote, feral dachshund fair.


Like it is a not really a thing. Finally, when fateful Sunday, my feral friend reappeared in the backyard, but this time he was wearing a bomber jacket. Clearly This dog was not in need of any help. The entire family shared an enormous laugh over the evidently not homeless dachshund. But oddly enough, I never figured out where that cute little guy ever lived. Ask his DGM and watch out for feral dachshunds in bomber jackets. Ann Marie, Did he live with the Cunningham family up over their garage? Like just like the fawns? 'cause it sounds like he was the fawns, right? Oh, that's so Cute.


That's hilarious. He's wearing outfits. Well, a glamor Jack. Happy Father's Day. Everybody. I think happy. Yeah. We just gave the Fathers of America every possible type of story they could wanna hear. I mean, yeah. Play that for your dad on the road trip to go to Cabrera's. What was that restaurant Called? And Cabreras. Yeah. Yeah. Play that for him. Thanks Dads. We love you. Yeah. We're big fans of our own. Yep. Great job. Our dads Whatever job you would like to get at Tribute to your dad's, that's on you. Yeah. You don't have to. We're Yeah. We support all trash, dad And all trash. Stay sexy And don't Get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production.


Our senior producers are Alejandra Keck and Molly Smith. Our editor Is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Kuchi. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly Right's YouTube page. And while you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how Life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities. Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.