
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


When your to-do list feels endless, let Audible turn it into a mini adventure. You'll Be the Robinson Cruso of vacuuming. You Can dive in to Never Flinch by Stephen King, or you can get hooked on Mad Love an audible original that keeps you guessing With every chapter with Thousands of titles and originals. Audible keeps your brain entertained while you tackle real life. Start listening and discover what's beyond the edge of your seat. New members can try Audible now free for 30 days and dive into a world of new thrills. Visit Audible.com/murder or text murder to 500 dash 500. That's Audible.com/murder. Or text murder to 500 dash 500. Goodbye.


Your dog is elegant, sophisticated, a good boy, a sweet girl, and has never done anything bad or barked in one child's face ever. So it's time to reward your perfect angel with fresh, real food. Just Food For Dogs is the original fresh dog food brand and has been cooking up. Vet nutritionist formulated recipes since 2010. Franken Blossom. Love this food. They think they're just getting dinner with me because everything is like real meat, real vegetables, nothing canned. It's gourmet. So go to just Food for dogs.com and get 50% off on your first order. Goodbye.


Hello. Hello and welcome To My favorite Murder, the Mini. So where we read you your stories Back to you. Summer edition. Woo woo. Yeah. These are just some stories that have summer themes. Yeah. Kind of lightly loosely. My first one's called 4th of July murders. It's just starts out a bummer. It ends on a like a hopeful note. So, okay, here we go. Okay. Dear Georgia and Karen, the 4th of July fireworks in my hometown of Concord, New Hampshire attract a large crowd on July 4th, 2003, amids, 10,000 spectators. Manuel Gehring abducted his two children, Phillip, 11 years old, and Sarah, 14 years old. Witnesses were an argument between the dad and daughter, and it was the last place the two kids were seen alive.


Garing and his ex-wife Terry were in the middle of a custody battle. The children were staying with Manuel the weekend of the fireworks. And mother Terry returned home on July 6th to find her children had gone missing. Manuel Gehring took his two children the night of the fireworks headed west by car, killed them along the way, buried their bodies, and then continued West until he was located and arrested in Gilroy, California. On July 10th, he was returned to Concord, New Hampshire where he'd be arraigned for interfering with a custody battle and later two counts of first degree murder. Garing ultimately confessed to the murder, but couldn't remember exactly where he buried the children. On February 19th, 2004, Garing killed himself in his jail cell, awaiting his trial.


After revealing what he could remember about the children's burial site. Information included a rough drawing and other descriptive clues like a chain link fence, six foot tall grass. With this vague information, repeated searches for the bodies were conducted along a 700 mile stretch of I 80 from Pennsylvania to Nebraska. Wow. But the FBI weren't unable to locate the bodies. Terry launched her own search efforts, which included enlisting the public's health to locate her children. She drove around the Midwest holding press conferences to keep the search for her missing children alive. God, what a horrifying thing to happen to a mother. Heartbreaking.


The search caught the attention of an Ohio woman named Stephanie Dietrich, who felt like the details about the burial site could be around her town in rural Ohio. According to an interview conducted by North Carolina Public Radio, Stephanie worked part-time at a grocery store and spent her days off for months looking for the bodies during walks with her dog Rico. Her efforts paid off because in December of 2005, two and a half years after the kids had gone missing, she located the remains of the Gehring children. Holy Wow. I know To this day, the 4th of July fireworks have a daunting memory for those who grew up in the town at the time of the Gehring murders.


While we went to different elementary schools, I was the same age as Philip and my brother was in the same grade as Sarah. They would've been 29 and 32 years old if they were still alive. I oddly think of them often despite not knowing them personally. I feel like Stephanie Dietrich would've definitely been a murder reno after reading about her and her helping locate the Garing kids. If this gets featured on an MFM podcast, and if you're listening Stephanie, you are a true hero. Yep. You are. Stay Sexy. And then it's signed a granite state, MFM fan. And I guess what, that's what New Hampshire is called, the Granite State. Oh wow. And then it'd say, I'd prefer to be anonymous if this gets featured. Yep. Heavy. Yeah, sorry.


Heavy hitter. But also what a beautiful thing that, sorry, her name is Stephanie that donated her time and basically was like, I'm gonna take this up and try to figure this Out. And then having this like sixth sense that you're gonna be able to find it and actually finding it. Like what an incredible gift to give. Yeah. To the mother. Yeah. I think people are learning that more and more. It's like you don't have to know people to care about people. Yeah. You don't, they don't have to be your best friends or your family. Totally. Alright, let's take a little left turn. 'cause this one is actually ridiculous. Okay. I need ridiculous right now. Yeah. The subject line is Trash dad and the skunk. That's my favorite show from the eighties.


And then it just starts, here's the beginning. Pleasantries in this economy. I love it. Love it. And it just goes right in the scene. It's 1996 in southwest Florida. I'm six years old and about to experience a core memory. Our little house was surrounded by swampy woods in tons of wildlife, pretty much everything from tortoises, boars, alligators to fucking feral cats. Oh, sorry. They wrote it to feral fucking cats. One Saturday morning, a skunk the size of a robust pekinese decided, God dammit, I love this person. Okay, love them. Decided to move into our garage. My mom went out to do laundry and saw the skunk and totally freaked out and made my siblings and I stay inside the house to avoid setting it off.


Yeah, that's not freaking it out. If you've ever been near a skunk when it goes off, it is one of the most disturbing and long lasting experiences. Really? Yes. Like the spraying part. I've never, I'm the suburban girl. Yes. It's Spraying. It's very bad. The initial spray smells like chemicals. Yeah. So you're like, whoa, what's that chemical? And then the second wave of it is the skunk smell. I have a really stupid question. Okay. Because I've only seen this happen in cartoons. Yeah. Is there a a visual of the spray? I believe so. I can't say for sure because I've only been, we had it where skunk sprayed outside an open window when I lived off Michelina. Yeah. In Silver Lake. And that's so we experienced it purely smell Okay.


Style. Okay. But I think I've seen it where it's a Cat sprays. Similarly, there's It's like pee. Yeah. Their tail goes up. Yeah. And then okay, stuff shoots out. Okay. So I'm just saying the mom didn't over because also like we've had dogs and pets and stuff that get sprayed and they smell like that for like two months. Yeah, I've heard that. Ugh. Okay, so So it says now big mistake. My mom gets my dad to address the unfolding situation. My dad agrees, but needs a drink first. Cue the 12 pack of Bud Light Beer. No. Chased with some crisp white wine because culture, What He drank while blasting. Andrea Belli. What the I love him. This is a real slice of nineties life.


It is. He had a big Italian opera phase in the nineties. This floor man's idea. Easy. He would use an old roll of carpet that we had in the garage in lieu of a humane trap, which we didn't have. My mom wasn't impressed, but we still went along with it. So essentially the dad's like, I'll take care of it, but I have to be drunk first. Yeah, fair. Can't fight that. You need that liquid courage, please. So it says, Italian opera music is blasting from the speakers as his plan unfolds to get the skunk into the carpet roll. He smears peanut butter all up in there. No, the skunk totally went for it. Savoring its surprise peanut butter meal. My now very drunk dad tells my mom to help him carry the carpet rollouts.


How did they, the worst Fucking idea. Oh my God. To carry the carpet roll outside with each one holding an end together. They walk this giant carpet roll over to the woods. My dad then tells my mom to let go of her side and my dad proceeds, and this is on all caps, to tilt the carpet roll up while spinning around as fast as he could. What? The skunk went flying out the other end. It worked of the carpet roll, like that circus act where the guy launches himself out of a cannon. I'm Impressed. Yeah. My dad now dizzy. In addition to being very drunk, proceeds to drop the carpet roll and book it in a fever, Zig. Yes, exactly.


He's getting shot at A serpentine show in a fever, zigzag away from the scene while yelling for my mom to run. And then it just says no one got sprayed. I mean, It's a fucking miracle. That's impressive. My siblings and I managed to witness all of this through the window while time to say goodbye by Andrea Belli was blasting from the speakers. It's like a movie. It's so good Because parents are just people. Yeah. There's people trying to get, and They're usually just drunk people. Kind Of drunk people that I Bet mom is a little drunk too. Likes that. I hope so. Dad's drinking, mom's drinking. I would hope If you're rightly worried about this innocent skunk, allow me to ease your concerns.


The skunk was okay. And back in our garage by later that night, they're like, where's that peanut butter? Oh, the next day, my frustrated mom called an animal control company who correctly trapped in humanely, relocated it much further out into the Everglades because skunks can find their way back home within roughly a five mile radius Wow. Of wherever they are. Aw, amazing. That's kind of nuts. The good old boy who came to trap the skunk cried laughing when my mom told him about my dad's attempt. Thanks for all you do, George and Karen, thanks to everyone in MFM. Exactly right. And Steven's mustache. You legend. I've been listening since your first year and I am so thankful to do life alongside such incredible people.


Oh my God. Wow. Stay sexy and don't trust your alcoholic dad with skunk removal of any kind. Jocelyn. She her. Come On. That's gotta be an MFM Animated. That's pretty Epic. Yeah.


Hey, good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed, the ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver And that means you could get better rates with root insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just to slam on their brakes or the lead foot Speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app. Drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and conditions apply. Subject to underwriting review. See route.com for Detailss


Summer's here. And if you're over the age of 11, guess what? You still have to wear shoes. Mm. Might as well get comfortable with Bombas Getting serious about running Bombas. Athletic socks are designed to fight blisters wick sweat and keep you comfortable whether you're on mile one or marathon training. If you're planning your summer vacation, they even have socks that can make international flights bearable. Bombas compression socks help curb aches and keep those legs energized for all the sightseeing ahead. Headed To a wedding, Bombas has ultra soft dress socks that work with heels or hard soul shoes so you can stay comfy and keep dancing. And you know what goes great with new summer socks, fresh white t-shirts, waterproof slides, and a few pairs of buttery soft underwear. Bombas makes all of that too. That's really true. I actually got some t-shirts and some underwear the last time we got sent some Bombas stuff 'cause I have so many of their socks and love them and all of the other stuff is as high quality. Just like it's your go-to thing. Super soft, super comfortable, great to wear. It is. I love those undies. Sorry I said undies. Head over to Bombas dot com slash mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm. Code MFM at checkout Bombas dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. Goodbye.


Okay, my next one's called My Near Death Experience Summer Break edition. Great. Hi Karen and Georgia, as the title suggests, I'm writing in about the time I came within a few inches of death. I'm a native Floridian who grew up in Daytona Beach. In high school I would work summers on a pool deck at a 25 story hotel on the beach here. Oh, I had a stand where I would do henna tattoos, hair wraps and hair braiding. It was such an amazing gig. All cash. I got a killer tan and I would wear my bathing suit under my clothes so when it got scorching hot in midday, I could just take a quick dip in the pool. I always went down to the boardwalk at night after I got off to get myself a little treat from the ice cream shop before heading home.


Those were the days rewind to June, 2012. The hotel is packed with summer vacationers. Business is booming. I typically set up my stand on the far side of the pool deck further away from the hotel, but this day the UV index was very high, so I set up shop closer to the building to hide in its shade. I was braiding a little girl's hair, constantly moving around her as she sat on a stool. I had just taken one step away to get more supplies from my cart. When I heard what I only could have imagined was an explosion right next to me. Immediately I felt tiny stabs of pain all over my legs and arms. I seriously thought a bomb went off. People ran over to help.


The little girl was crying. I had blood dripping from spots on my legs, but no one could really tell what happened. Security quickly made their way over and started looking at the ground around us, noticing large and small chunks of rock. They seemed to recognize this scene as they both went from looking at the rocks on the ground to looking up at the balconies above our head. Oh, Security continued their investigation while I closed up my cart for the day. Happy to be alive. I was picking small rocks outta my calves. When they finally returned an hour or so later with what had happened, they went room to room floor by floor, directly up from where my stand was looking for people that were in those rooms.


This turned out to be pretty easy since it was midday in the summer. So most people were out on the beach or on the pool deck except for one room. An older grandma tasked with watching her grandson while the parents enjoyed a lunch to themselves. You're making a fucking uhoh face And you are correct. I'm so worried. After some questioning security learned that grandma might not have had a very close eye on the boy while he was playing on the balcony and the all caps grapefruit size rock was now missing. This is a 25 floor hotel That he basically threw a boulder off the roof. Totally. Holy shit. Onto the deck. The pool deck below full of people vacationing.


That's right. This kid Yed his enormous pet rock over the balcony of the 23rd floor directly above my stand based off the markings from where it hit the ground. If I hadn't stepped away right when I did to get something from my cart, it would've hit me certainly leading to my demise. Oh my God. Fast forward 12 years. I'm an international airline pilot using your voices to keep me company during my commutes and during my nap breaks while crossing the Atlantic. Hey, Damn. You go from a henna tattoo artist to a Pilot. So proud of you. Yes. Great job. Stay Sexy and don't let your grandson play with citrus sized rocks from a balcony unsupervised. Or it just might end in attempted murder.


Cora Joe, she her Cora Joe, first of all, you were meant to be an international pilot. Yeah. Because good Lord. Yeah. That's so scary and crazy. That's like, That's some final destination shit right there. Yeah. It's so scared to fly on those flights. It's so crazy. Okay, the subject line of this email is shitbag triplet sister story. Okay. And then it starts, hello fellow shit. Bags. I'm a triplet. That's gonna be my new icebreaker at parties. Hello. Fellowship bags. I'm a triplet. Yes. Three girls, one womb. Endless chaos. Oh, we fought so much growing up that my mom practically begged the school to separate us into different classrooms like we were volatile lab chemicals.


Oh my God. And then it says, spoiler, we were, but this story isn't about school. It's about one fateful day when in a miraculous turn of events we decided to get along. That's when everything goes wrong. Oh yeah. That's a, that's a red flag, right? Watch out mom. Yeah, Watch out. You're always fighting with someone and suddenly everything's going great. It's Quiet and everyone's smiling. Nope. You're in for it. Our activity of choice. Playing jail because obviously, because obviously nothing says bonding, like simulated incarceration. As the youngest, I was naturally assigned the role of prisoner. Yeah. The youngest of triplets. It Doesn't even matter. Like you could be two minutes younger and you're the youngest being treated that way.


We need pecking orders. Yeah. As human beings, what followed was less game and more like a low budget psychological thriller. My lovely sisters duck taped me to a chair, shoved a sock into my mouth, taped over that for good measure what the fuck tipped me over and locked the door behind them. Wow. Dana. That is sinister. What kind of content were these children watching? Seriously. To know how to do that seriously from inside. So yeah, no escaping, no screaming, no rescue mission incoming. No. I lay there for a solid 30 minutes face to floor marinating in betrayal and foot carpet. Oh.


Eventually they pick the lock with a paperclip and graciously released me laughing like villains Straight out of a Disney movie. Anyway, stay sexy and try not to get psychologically booby trapped by your own bloodline. Thanks Alex. She, her, My brother strategically tied some knots around our door handles that ended up locking my sister and I in our room. Like there were no locks. But he was so smart that he just like figured this thing out and then said, you have to drink this if you wanna get out and squeezed what looked like an innocent cup of orange juice. But hey look, that's a raw egg bobbing in it. You have to drink it if you wanna come out. I know how she feels. Asher Asher,


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're route And we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive. Using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions. Apply subject to underwriting review. Say root.com for the tells.


Look. We all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trod wife, but let's be honest, we all need reliable wireless And that's where Visible comes in. Visible Is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the go Visible runs on Verizon's 5G network. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're Talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible plus pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus it's all digital. You manage your plan in the app And you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month for Their best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, see Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Well, because here in my favorite murder, it's hotdog summer. Yeah. I'm gonna do a hotdog story. Great. And it's just, I don't know, it's just a time and a place and I kind of love, it starts my Ladies an O to the Great American hotdog and a new invention by my friend Jamie. This is the story about this. It was long ago in the summer of 2009, I was rapidly aging in San Francisco, clinging onto the last gasp of my twenties before I had to grow up and not be a slimy bartender anymore. Who did cocaine and underberg shots for dinner every night. Yeah, He had to do something. Yeah. I had a gorgeous asymmetrical haircut and a fixed gear bike. I probably would've dated you for sure In San Francisco.


Especially in that time. Yes. That's a little after my time a little bit. But man, that was the look and feel. It was Fixed gear bikes. Oh my God. That Seat up real hives. Like somebody that's tall. Yeah. We were just like, that's scary. The bar you go went to. I bet it's zeitgeist. There's this bar called Zeitgeist in San Francisco that is just for bike messengers. I think it's still there. It's definitely still there. We go there every, I fucking love it. Okay. I wore skinny jeans and looked so fucking cool with my little useless bandana around my neck that I got to sleep with a new person every other night on my floor mattress. It was the best, but I am glad it's over now. Are you Sometime during this era, my bartender friends and I set up a barbecue out back by the dumpsters behind the bar we worked at, I don't know where we forged it from, but it was a little black Weber And we used to get those huge packs of shitty hot dogs and buns from the grocery outlet and keep them in the fridge and just make hot dogs for ourselves all the time during, after and before our shifts.


We used to give them to bar customers who we quote liked who were regulars. Like it was some cool ass club or something. Like, we'll let you in on this dumpster hotdog club. You're welcome. This Sounds fucking familiar to me. Does it? It does. But maybe it's just that kind of thing of like bartenders who are like, you're a regular and you're in our group, so you get this weird thing that you're drunk so you're excited to get it. The drawing room had like a crockpot full of hot dogs with hot dogs. Wa hot dog water. Didn't it? Did it? These two? I think it did. I ate them. Okay. One time early on, we made a batch of dogs at the end of our shift And we were all getting ready to go. Some of us party elsewhere or to our dealer's house with our tips from a night's earnings, dirt bags.


I love a dirt bag. And my buddy Janie picks up a dog, eats it in two bites, then takes another hot dog and shoves it into the front pocket of his jeans bear no wrapping and just looks at us and says, pocket dog for later. Oh. Then he swings his skinny legs onto his bike, finishing the last sculpt of Paps blue ribbon and just rides away on his bike In 2009. Karen Kilgar faints dead away and cries to herself as she walks home. Oh My God. I loved, I love pocket dog guy so much. I love him. He's an inventor. He invents things. He's so clever creative. He's creative and clever. You don't understand.


We Have to go watch his band at Slims. I asked him the next day if he ever ate the pocket dog and he said hell yeah. It was great. The end. No fucking way. I, I'm signing my name. I'm an adult now. Oh my God. Yeah. That was such an epic sketch of being 20 in San Francisco. Late OTs 20 San Francisco. I just can't get over how we truly were living off the F of the land And we had no idea. Yeah, we had it. So good. We did. Alright. The subject line of my last email is Guinea pig sinkhole. Great. Hey, A formerly repressed memory lept to the forefront of my brain. And it made me think maybe this is an MFM story.


I gotta say the people that write in emails to this podcast are really good writers. They are Like That fucking story that that person just told us. Yeah. I lived it. Yeah. I could see it. I could smell the hot dogs, The Pocket dog and the fucking dumpster and the beer. I could smell it All. I could smell the hipsterism and the the elite. The elitism And the unwashed masses And the emotional withholding. Okay. Okay. So this story has everything. A pet Guinea pig, a sinkhole, and general mortification. When my brother and I were in elementary school, our family got suckered into taking home the school's Guinea pigs during summer break. And then the science teacher refused them back at the beginning of the next school year.


No, that's illegal. So Thelma and Louise officially became part of our family, Thelma And we, they Had a little car, Children's pets named Thelma. And we like, okay. Their dad built a tiny cliff into that hamster cage. As an 8-year-old, I thought this was hitting the jackpot. And then in parentheses it says, when I called my mom to confirm the story, she distinctly remembers not sharing our enthusiasm. They were already old by Guinea pig standards when they came to us. And about a year after the school refused them, Thelma passed away at the vet. Hmm. Louise had already been struggling herself and I think in true writer die fashion, once it was clear that Thelma wasn't coming back, Louise passed away too.


Oh no. It's not so funny. I know. Why are you Laughing? I don't know. My brother and I hadn't been able to say goodbye to Thelma, so we wanted to give Louise a proper sendoff. We wrapped her in an old hand towel and put her in our finest shoebox. However, we were city kids who only knew concrete sidewalks and brick patios. So my mom gave us permission to bury Louise in one of the garden plots at her office building that had a little recreational patio area. Oh no. We visited over the weekend so we could have our private Guinea pig funeral service and buried her under a small tree among the ivy. Fast forward a couple of weeks later and my mom shows up to work where there is quite a commotion in the back patio.


A sinkhole had opened up and taken the small tree and other surrounding flora down with it. What? There was fear that the entire patio itself was now unstable and undoubtedly the office smokers were extremely put out while the building superintendent and city officials closed the patio and excavated the sinkhole. My mom was sweating bullets waiting for someone to find that makeshift rodent coffin. They created the sinkhole, right? Like they disturbed the ground. They never found the coffin. Phew. Did Louise truly deep dive into the depths? We will never know and my mom swore my brother and I to secrecy about Louise's final resting place.


It's now a few decades later and my mom is mostly over it, but I can only imagine the dread that incident caused her. Oh my God. Like how? How would that be the reason? But still It. It's the only reason. It's The only reason. It's the only reason how to be the reason. How do they not find it? That's fucking Louise forever. I love It. But if, but if Louise was the cause, maybe she dropped first. Yes. If there was some cavern, Definitely. Yeah. As I have learned through sinkhole study, She went to live her best life did at the bottom of a sinkhole. She did at the Ba. There's like those caves. Yeah. Like a huge a cave thing. There is a fullon. There's fucking aggressive gnat there. Na. In this fucking, okay. Yeah. It's coming at us and then it just, the sign off here is called Before you Dig folks, 8 1 1.


Cheers. Courtney. I also, the fact that the mom came home and told like the children. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like they don't actually didn't need to know that. Yeah. And they would've never known. Yeah. But But she's like, well, guess what? Yeah. Guess what you Did. Guess what your goddamn school did to us by making us take these pets. Tell us your traumatizing stories from childhood. Please at please. My favorite murder at Gmail. Don't forget it's hot dog Summer. That's right. Live your best hot dog life. Pocket dog style. Stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Bye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producers are Alejandra Keck and Molly Smith. Our Editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This Episode was mixed by Liana Kuchi. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram at my favorite murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly right's YouTube page. And while you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There's a myth. A lot of us grow up believing that hair loss is just a part of life. It happens, it runs in the family, and once it starts, there's no stopping it. But here's the truth. That's outdated thinking. Scientific understanding of hair loss has advanced in recent years. Today we have a deeper knowledge of underlying causes and we've developed science-backed solutions that are both effective and safe. And that's at the very root of Happy Head. Dermatologists led innovation offering stronger FDA approved ingredients that work. But what really sets Happy Head apart is how personalized it is. They don't do one size fits all fixes. You fill out a comprehensive consultation and they're board certified dermatologists and sign a formula specifically for your hair loss pattern, goals, and lifestyle. And whether you're early in your journey or more advanced, happy head offers targeted options that actually work. Topical treatments, oral capsules or potent dual action bundles all delivered directly to you discreetly and freshly compounded. In the us most people start seeing results in three to six months. But the real magic, it's sustainable. This isn't just about growing hair, it's about keeping it long term. So no hair loss isn't inevitable anymore. Visit happy head.com and find out what's possible when science expertise and personalization come together. Hair happiness starts here.


It's April, 2020. A woman announces on Facebook that she has COVID and won't be seeking medical attention. I didn't wanna be talked out of this plan. Then she disappears. Anyone else think this is strange? I just had to know how did this happen? Listen to what happened to Talina Czar on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


High Key. Looking for your next obsession. Listen to High Key, a new weekly podcast hosted by Ben O'Keefe, Ryan Mitchell, and Evie. Oddly, we Got a lot of things to get into. We're gonna gush about the random stuff we can't stop thinking about. I am high key going to lose my mind over all things. Cowboy Carter. I know girl. The way she about to yank my bank account. Correct. And one thing I really love about this is that she's celebrating her daughters. Oh, I know. Listen to High Key on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.