
This is exactly right.


You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with code space 80 at Talkspace dot com


to Have a murder as gruesome as Jade Beasley's Doesn't happen very often down here. And Arian Illinois, an 11-year-old girl brutally stabbed to death. Her father's longtime live-in girlfriend, maintaining innocence, but charged with her murder. I am confident that Julie be is guilty. They've never found a weapon, never made sense. Still doesn't make sense. She Found out she was pregnant in jail. The person who did it is still out there. Listen to murder on Songbird Road, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th?


It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeart Podcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Hello And Welcome To My favorite Murder. This is the mini, so that's right.


Here it is. Are you ready? Let's do it. You're first, right? Yes. Okay. Okay. We're starting off with a classic hometown. Okay. It says College hometown in the subject line. Hi ladies. I was listening to the rewind episode of episode 37 where Karen covered Dorothy Puente and she called it her college hometown, which reminded me that I have a college hometown. Love it. I attended the University of South Dakota in the small town of Vermilion, South Dakota for six years. Wow. And then in parentheses it says, yay, for needing a master's degree to do your dream job. Oh, so not much. True crime happened during my time there, but in 1970s Vermilion, two teenage girls went missing and the case went cold for over 40 years.


There's a book called Vanished in Vermilion by Lou Reusse that details this case much better than I can, but I'll do my best. On May 29th, 1970 1, 2 17 year olds, Cheryl Miller and Pamela Jackson were on their way to an end of the school year party in the nearby town of Chester. About 40 minutes away when they disappeared without a trace, despite searches of the surrounding land and creek, the girls in their car were never seen again. The sheriff at the time insisted that the girls were runaways and this case quickly went cold. They just ran away on the way to a party as you do In nine years. I think you and I have said that phrase a thousand times.


Yeah. It's so Frustrating. It's the past. We can let it go. Yeah. It was reopened in 2004, and a classmate of the girls was charged with their murder in 2007. Despite no bodies or car ever being found, those charges were dropped in 2008 and the investigation went quiet again. That was until September, 2013 when a drought caused the rural creek to dry up, and a citizen of Vermilion, who was investigating the case on his own, spotted the tires of a car sticking out of the water. Bro, I'm telling you, half of every missing person's case, right, that a car is involved and someone disappears randomly is them in a fucking body of water.


Right. Also, can you imagine being the person that's like, I'm taking this up. I'm gonna try to figure this out. A drought happens and you're like, Holy, it's over here everyone. Oh, I did it. I did. I do it. I did it. Yeah. It's so huge. Yeah. Okay. The car in the creek was confirmed to be the 1960s Studebaker that the girls were driving. It had been submerged upside down in the creek for 42 years. Wow. Sadly, the skeletal remains of the two girls were found inside. One source described the inside of the car as frozen in time because the girls closed purses and even a driver's license were found with the remains. No foul play was suspected since the Remains did not show injuries.


The theory is that the girls were unfamiliar with the roads and the new bridge and somehow careened off the road and into the water, A sad and unfortunate ending to a four decade long mystery. Thanks for reading, stay sexy and solve cold cases. Wow. Geffen, she, her Man, the person who they accused of killing them Yeah. Was having a fucking good day that day. I bet. I mean, But also just like, and that life ruined. Yeah. Because that totally tarnish of like the name, the association. Totally Horrible. Absolutely. Okay. My first one is called Two Hometowns Intertwined because my son knows what's up. Howdy. Mur knows. I listen to you every day as I drive to school through the woods.


I have about a half an hour drive, where most days I might see one logging truck and that's it. There have been a couple days I have to change over to Are you garbage? Because I get too scared, but I can usually turn you back on after school for the drive home. Just we, we scared them in the morning. Commute to the Woods. Yeah. That's too intense. Any Who? One day This week I was listening and all of a sudden I remembered the killers we lived right next to and I was like, Oh my God. A hometown of my own. We had moved from Illinois to New Mexico in search of more sun. Our sun was going to sixth grade, and we found a small house in the town of Truth or Consequences, New Mexico. I've Always heard of that town. So interesting. The place was pretty crappy. Oh no.


Oh no. Oh wait, they mean the house. Oh, oh, oh. And we had to do major cleaning to even feel comfortable sleeping. Our son was not having it right off the bat. He said there was a killer coming and he was too scared to sleep in his room. We did all kinds of things to make him feel comfortable. Then just said, heck with it, and he slept in our room and it says, New Mexico does have flying roaches. So there are some pretty gross things besides thoughts of a killer on their way, But also a child saying a killer is coming. Yeah. Can you chill out, dude, Little dude. It's not that thing of like, oh, there's a little girl in the room with me. It's like a killer killer on the way. Cool. His talk of a killer continued for several weeks and we were preparing for school to begin. I was starting a new job, things like that.


It was July 4th, 1999 and we were checking out the new area and found out that we'd just moved in to the home of the Toy box Killer. No, And the lake, outside of town, elephant Butte, where we thought we would go for a swim was where this guy had been dumping his victims. One of the absolute worst fucking stories Of all time, we long ago George and I talked about like we're never covering it 'cause it is just simply carnage and disgusting and horrifying. Why didn't they just fucking Tear that house down? So they sold it to a family. A family, and Didn't tell Them, and the child's like, Hey, the vibes are so bad that I'm having psychic experiences. Totally. If that wasn't disturbing enough, our son continued to talk about the killer.


One day we were watching the news, getting dinner ready, and the news was discussing the railway killer, who at the time was in southern Illinois. Our son said that was him and he was coming. Oh Shit. We assured him that wasn't going to happen and that he was safe. I can't remember the timeline, but the railway killer moved down to somewhere in Texas, then over through the panhandle or Oklahoma, and then was caught, I believe on I 25 in New Mexico. I 25 runs right down to truth or Consequences. That child knew. Yeah. Wait, so I'm gonna look that up now that I already wrote what I recall. Okay. Worse than I remember. I'm good at forgetting disturbing things. I just looked up that the railway killer was arrested in El Paso about two hours from Truth or Consequences.


On July 12th, 1999, we moved south of TRC to Cobio and made it about six months in New Mexico, then headed to Montana for normalcy. Ha ha. Our son loved Montana and he is still there. Safe and sound and no serial killers. Well, what you think? I mean, how do you know? Stay sexy and don't get murdered at Jackie in the up of Michigan. Yay. Upper Peninsula. Wow, Jackie. Yeah, that was a good one. Sixth Graders talking about killers coming. The killers coming. No. Hey, Karen, I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying.


Oh Yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn, but Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twists and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You Can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard Forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, this Is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels.


I, Oh my God. Once detected it sounds alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh My God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn More about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


You know, Georgia, they always tell you to touch grass to spend time in nature, but what if I told you that nature can be boxed up and delivered right to your door? Well, now you can. Thanks to fast growing trees. Did you know fast growing trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers new to plants or gardening? No problem. The website has everything you need. Plus each plant comes with clear care instructions. Plus, get support from their trained plant experts who are on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants and learn how to care for them. God, I need to learn how to care for plants. I would love to get this service and just have somebody like teaching me as I have like a beautiful tree or plant in my house. Like actually do this today. This is how you don't kill it. When do I water it? Yes. What season do I trim it? I don't know, and I don't wanna ask my mom. 'cause then I get a lecture This spring, they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and Listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code MFM at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com. Using the code MFM at checkout Fast growing trees.com. Code MFM now is the perfect time to plant use MFM to save today. Offers valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply. Goodbye.


Goodbye. This email is kind of totally insane. A little bit long, but I think worth it. Okay. Okay. The subject line is, my husband's recently resurfaced repressed Boy scout memory. Oh God. Greetings. My husband and I were watching Bob's Burgers and then in parentheses it says, my favorite anxiety soothing show. After finishing the episode where they scare Louise by creating her own haunted house legends. Such a good episode. Second, my husband turns the TV off, turns to me and says, I just remembered something scary that happened to me when I was a kid. So romantic memories, they just like fl around and hang out until some random fucking thing happens.


Or you smell something and you're like, oh, yeah, yeah. Shit. I haven't really wanted to be in a relationship that much over the years until I read that line and then I'm just like, that's what I want for myself. Someone to go, Hey, hey. I just have a recovered memory I have to tell you about. It's horrifying. Okay. Okay. I'm here for it. This is my love language. Yeah. Active listening. As he pieced his memory together, I listened on the edge of my seat. When he finished, I immediately asked his permission to send this In. Here's what he could recollect. He was about 12 years old in the Boy Scouts and on a camping trip, a little outside, Graham Rapids, Michigan, he and his troop were getting their camp set up in the woods on top of a ravine, it's ravine theme near a river.


When an older man drove up, the man whose home was nearby, seemingly seeing the troop arrive, approached the scoutmaster to alert him to some alarming news. Apparently the older man had seen a man lurking around the woods the night before. He had called the police and was told to be extremely cautious as there was currently a murderer they were looking for, and they believed he may be hiding out in the woods despite this concerning news. No, the scoutmaster did not get the kids and get the fuck out of there. Of course not. They finished setting up the camp knowing that there may or may not be a murderer nearby. Jesus. As night fell and my husband and his peers were settling down in their tents to go to sleep, they heard what sounded like a gunshot coming from a couple hundred yards away by the ravine.


A few moments passed and a second gunshot sounded. The scoutmaster finally rallied the troops telling them to be quiet and began leading them towards where they had parked the van. Right, so after multiple gunshots. Yeah. Now is the time in the dark to go On route to the van. Creeping along the ravine as quietly as possible. The troops were met with a horrifying scene. At the bottom of the ravine was a man in a camo jumpsuit standing next to a blood soaked sheet, covering a lump of something corpse like, which was next to a big hole in the ground that he was actively digging. Oh no. A shotgun leaned on a tree next to him. The man moved the body into the grave and the scout master thought it would be a good idea to confront the gun toting possible murder.


No, he shouted hay and started going down the ravine. What the fuck? The camel man looked up and moved toward the tree where his shotgun was leaning. Also on the tree was a gas lantern hanging from a branch. As the man reached for his shotgun, he also turned off the lantern. Cool. Okay. This is literally an email from Blumhouse Films like This is Insanity. The scoutmaster had a lantern as well, which dimly illuminated his movements that the boys could see from the top of the ravine as the scout master made his way towards the camo man, a burst of light erupted from the man's shotgun. The scout master fell and his lantern was extinguished.


What the boys all terrified began running towards where they thought the van was. The van was gone. They started running down the road, leading away from the campground. As they were running, they were halted by two freshly butchered cattle heads that were lit on fire swinging from T tree branches. This, I can't. You can't. As The kids were all peeing their pants and preparing for their too soon deaths. The van appeared driving. It was their scoutmaster and riding shotgun was the camo. Man, you Motherfucker. You Fucking psychopaths. What? You took it too far.


You took it too far. You, first of all, what are you doing in the Boy Scouts? There's something wrong with you. Oh My God. Apparently this was a super cool, well thought out. Trauma informed prank played by two adults who should never be allowed near any children. Again, no. Thank you for your podcast. I'm a social worker. Thank God you're a social worker. Yeah, because your man needs you. Yeah. Now more than ever. What the fuck? I hate those two men. I'm so much, It's almost like his recovered memory. Like the trauma isn't that that happened. It was that. It was, they were played a prank on. Yes. Like it was that traumatic that they were played, that specific prank that he had to forget it.


Then they had to get not into the prank. Right. But then they had to get into a van with two men that would play that prank Seriously and spend the rest of the night or weekend or whatever there. Jesus. Ooh. Okay. So thank you for your podcast. I'm a social worker and my job can be a lot. Sometimes I can't tell you how much I appreciate laughing alongside you ladies as I clean my house and do my best to keep going even when things are terrible. Hmm. Thanks again, Gina. And then in parentheses it says, and Dan, my husband, who graciously agreed to share his story. Dan, thanks, Dan. Dan, Dan, you deserve an ice cream. Oh, that's awful. That is. It's just you can't. You shouldn't and you won't, and Please don't. Please don't. Good Lord. The lawsuits, I mean, This one's called Trash Kid Girl Scout edition.


Oh, okay. We're doing some scouting themes. Nice. Oh yeah, That's weird. Hi friends. Long time listener. First time writer Growing up instead of sports or dance for extracurriculars. My sisters and I did Girl Scouts probably because my mom worked for our local Girl Scout council. Looking back on it, it was probably the best decision because I was a very clumsy child. One summer when I was eight or nine, I was at a friend's birthday party and was playing on the zip line in their backyard when I let go way too soon and broke five bones in my left arm. Geez. It was the end of May, so this obviously limited the amount of summer activities I could participate in. My mom's creative solution was to put me in an A SL class.


Oh, Like sign language? Yes. Learn sign language. That's smart. And then It says, you know, whether you have to use both your hands to sign. I'm still not sure she thought that through all the way, but it was air conditioning, which is a big plus for Houston Summers I got assigned my own name, learned how to sign stop in the name of Love by the Supremes. Nice. It's fucking Pretty great. And some basic vocabulary. Flash forward to the following spring when it's cookie season, and my girl Scout troop is selling cookies at our local grocery store. Being the youngest of three sisters, I'm just a little competitive and my goal was to try to lure in the most customers. Yep. So I decided to use my summer activity to my advantage and began signing.


Would you like to buy some Girl Scout cookies to anyone who walked by and wouldn't you know it? A lot more pupil stopped at the booth instead of walking on by. Oh no. This is called Trash kit. Yep. Yep. When people started asking me questions about the cookies, I realized I didn't know enough sign language to keep going, but I also didn't wanna blow my cover and start talking. So what did I do? Signed The Supremes on a loop. They don't fucking know. Right. They did take a SL Lasts summer. Right. My mom was also my troop leader, but she was helping with the other booth on the second entrance, so she was not wise to my antics. Wait, sorry. Did she truly and on purpose, or was it like, oh, here's an interesting like thing I can do, and then realized it worked.


It meant 10 people Kept going. Yes. So either way it's bad. Yes. Either way. Trash Kid, which I love. Yes. This is a theme that we absolutely have to explore, But when I told her how we were able to sell all of our stock that day, she just laughed and said she was glad I learned something that summer. I am now a lifetime member of the Girl Scouts and try to support the local troops when I see them out and about selling cookies, because it really did help me face my fear of talking to people in public or you know, signing to them. Mm. Thank you for all you do. Bringing humor amidst the frustrating climate we find ourselves in this country. My dog Atlas and I take a walk every day at lunch and I always listen to MFM to have a laugh before I have to go back to work.


Hmm. Stay sexy and support your local Girl Scouts, Stacy. Stacy, and take a signing class. Yeah. I mean, you should know how to do that. I mean, I've always wanted to learn. I have too. There was actually a TikTok where a woman was just talking about that, and I think there might be an app. Ooh. Where you can learn a SL. That's a good idea. Look that up.


Hey Karen, I want you to picture yourself going from a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twist and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If You don't, This is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, Oh my God. Once detected it sounds, alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh My God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I US a.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


Goodbye.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's. Built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to squarespace.com/murder for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder code murder. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Okay, here's my last one. The subject line is museum guests, the good, the bad, and the unforgettable. Hi. I am FM crew, I heard we're sharing stories about guests behaving badly in museums and, oh, baby, I could go on for days. I worked at a Titanic museum in East Tennessee for eight years. Why would East Tennessee have a Titanic museum? Guys? Maybe they'll tell us. Yeah. It was always busy, and I can still say Titanic facts at the drop of bag. Did I tell you that? My sister said that the kids in her class are obsessed with the Titanic because there's a book. The boys are obsessed 'cause there's a book in the library about it, and they all fight over the, I mean, there's a book in her classroom about it.


Yeah. And they fight over it and they talk about it all the time. Yeah. We were, that was like the scariest thing as a kid. Yeah, the Titanic. Yeah, the Titanic. Okay. We had more than our fair share of stupid people who come through the museum. But my favorite example was this. I was telling a group of guests one day about the differences between the film and the actual sinking, and I would always start with, I am sorry to tell you, the Jack and Rose were not real. Usually this got a laugh, but one day a woman loudly shouted at me. Yes they are. I saw them on Oprah. She was not wrong, but she was not right either. Yeah. I walked into a gallery just in time to watch two teenage girls hip check a case and $150,000 life jacket fell off its stand.


My Italian grandmother would be proud of the yelling I did that day. I've watched people literally lick glass cases called the cops on people stealing from the gift shop and have had some people literally spit in my face. What? At a museum? At A mus museum for maritime disasters. That's insane. However, we were lucky to have some really amazing guest interactions as well. I met a World War II vet who had coffee in Paris with Earnest Hemingway once. Wow. One day I was giving a tour to a group from New York and as a New York native. I always felt a kinship with them. We were talking about nine 11 and I had a parallel I like to use for nine 11 and the Titanic in parentheses, world impact, emotional impact.


It's a whole speech I worked very hard on as I have very strong memories of that day. Hmm. When I was done, a woman came up and hugged me. She told me quietly that she had been in the towers that day and was one of the few people from her floor to survive. Oh my God. She was happy to think that someday her friends and coworkers stories would be shared with the love and care that we share the Titanic passenger stories. Aw. I think about her frequently and I hope she's doing well. Sending you ladies and your team lots of love. Y'all keep me sane most days on my drive to and from work. Stay sexy and watch your kids and And it says that in all caps of the period. Watch and watch your kids exo Stephanie.


Oh My God. Wow. I had layers. It really did. And I didn't realize I like scanned it. Of course. Yeah. Because I like it when it's freshman too, but I thought it was like museum guests in general, like I've been a docent here and there, whatever. But it's like, listen to this shit that goes on at the Titanic Museum in East Tennessee. East Tennessee. We barely knew you. Come on. Okay. My last one I love because it just shows you the breadth of hometown stories that we're accepting at this point, and that if you don't have one yet, keep listening because you're gonna have one one day. Yep. This is called my dad Accidentally became a snail breeder, which fits, which is now, Which is welcome fitting Wholly with the podcast theme.


Hey, MFM crew, like, you know what I mean? Yes. This person's gonna be listened for years and years and then suddenly it's their time to shine. Shine. And they were like, you know what? I know they'd like. Yeah. Like, do you know what they just talked about? Breeding Snails. Korean skincare. That's Right. Hey, MFM crew. I was listening to episode four 70. Except no dare when you mentioned breeding snails for escargo. Well, do I have a related story for you? Oh, Yeah. We went into a whole escargo thing. Yes. Yes. 'cause we thought about a great idea. It would be to breed snails and sell them to restaurants. Like that's a great money making scheme. If eggs are $17 a carton, let's get those snails up there. Seriously. My dad accidentally became a snail breeder.


Not for escargo, but for aquariums. For as long as I can remember, my dad has had a large 55 gallon fish tank, like that's the most high maintenance fucking hobby. Right. My Dad had like the one that's about a foot and a half wide, and he could, he was like, that thing's gonna kill me. Awful. He just couldn't deal with it. The occupants rotated over the years as fish died and replaced about two years ago, my dad bought a small freshwater puffer fish, which ate, you guessed it. Snails. Ooh, I didn't Know that. Oh, I didn't Either. My dad bought some snails to feed the puffer fish. It refused to eat and died. Okay. The snails were left to clean up. That's the whole story. Yeah. And thanks so much. You guys don't, Don't do it. The snails were left to clean up the tank by eating the algae.


As they got bigger, they started laying eggs. My sister, who still lives at home, was horrified and threatened to crush the eggs in the night, threw her sister under the bus. Despite the threats, the eggs hatched and he had dozens of baby snails when they were about an inch wide. He sold them for 50 cents each to the local pet store. Oh. Since then, he sells at least 50 snails to the pet store. Every couple months he marks adult females and males. He catches in the act and known egg layers, so he won't sell them accidentally. Oh. This has just become like a fucking, It's like he's got a cattle ranch. Yeah. But it's snails. He now has multiple tanks for the snails. He fucking went. He just like, this is okay.


And has had over 100 at once before selling them off. Wow. Fun fact. The snails love green beans. I'm a PhD student in cancer biology and have spent several afternoons doing punt squares. Thank you for writing that phonetically with my dad to figure out how to get snails with purple shells. Like how to breed SNAs with purple Shells. Oh, wow. I'll often get a text with a photo of a pet store snail with will this help with my genetics? S-S-E-G-M and let your dad hatch his snails A A Wait, will you go back? Yeah. There's a sentence that you read before we got into the purple show. Fun fact. The snails love green beans.


That is the funnest fact I've ever heard in my life. I think that's the number one fun fact of my life. When you say, I have a fun fact. It should be the equivalent of that. 'cause so many fun facts are not fun or a fact. Yeah, exactly. But Snails love green beans. Snails love green beans. That is fun. It, you can see it in your head of a snail, just like chowing down and loving chopping, just being like a finely Wait. Does He eat it like a corn on the cup or does he eat it like a sandwich? I think he has to put it on a table because he doesn't have any other way to hold it. Yeah. Okay. Or he gets a A chip chip monk and a little squirrel to hold it up for him. Oh my God. And they Oh, Oh no. We Tuck a little bib into his shell.


So now We just made a cartoon for the cartoon network. Oh my God. That's it. You guys. Do you guys have any stories that are weirder? Do you guys have any snails? Did it rain in your town? Let us know how many snails came out on the sidewalk. I want, I want a competition of the weirdest story subject, but it is related because I think this snail story wins right now. Yeah. Like this is a weird story. However, it is related to something you guys have talked about on an episode or on a mini episode, wherever. Sure. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Or not. Or whatever. Or, because this is, we won't know dad. Snail breeder is a bit free floating. Oh no, that's not true. It's, it's cargo based. We asked about snail breeding, like we talked about snails and how they're bred and like, yes, we, it's totally a thing we talked about.


And that's basically, it's kind of like, Hey, we're not experts in terms of like no one's got a master's degree in snails. Yeah. Yeah. And snail breeding. But we're in it. Yeah, we're in this biz. And do you know more about it? Tell Us, do you know what they love to eat? Green beans? I do. Who are Curious people? Green beans. I'm gonna pull that one out then next time I'm feeling awkward. Do It. Yell it. Fun fact, Everyone, thanks for listening. Right to My favorite Murder at Gmail. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? This has been an exactly right production.


Our senior producers are Alejandra Keck and Molly Smith. Our editor Is Aristotle Acevedo. This Episode was mixed by Liana sce. Email your hometowns to my favorite murder@gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram at my favorite Murder. Listen to my favorite murder on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your Podcasts. And now you can watch us on exactly Right's YouTube page. And while you're there, please like and subscribe. Goodbye. Goodbye. Bye.


You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with Code Space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called The Edge of Daybreak, recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business, the edge Of daybreak, eyes of love, but supposed to have been followed up by another Apple. Listen to Soul incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Imagine you're scrolling through TikTok. You come across a video of a teenage girl and then a photo of the person suspected of killing her. It Was shocking. It was very shocking. Like that could have been my daughter. Like you never Know. I'm Jen Swan. I'm the host of a new podcast called My Friend Daisy. It's the story of how and why a group of teenagers turned to social media to help track down their friend's. Killer. Listen to my friend Daisy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.