
This is exactly right Now streaming. What do you know about the Happy Face Killer? He's my father. He's so good to see you, Missy.


Experience the thrilling new series. He said he killed another woman inspired by a true life story. If I don't deal with him, he will never leave us alone. You don't see how they were the same do you? Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid Star. I Am not responsible for what my dad did. This going how you hoped. Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of


Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to out less and outlive. Backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places


This message comes from. Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hello And Welcome To My favorite murder, the Mimi Sode. The Mimi Sode. 'cause Mimi's on my lap right now, drooling. Mimi did a real good poke up from the bottom of the zoom screen. Like Here. Let me get her on camera for you so you can have something nice to look at rather than my Something wonderful Fucking face. Okay, Mimi, the supermodel with her tiny, tiny mouth. So Pretty. Hi lady. You wanna go first? Sure. Okay. The title is, I'm Not Going to Read the Subject Line, which I can't believe more people haven't done. That is fucking hilarious. Full Credit to this person.


Yes. And then it says in parentheses, but if I did, it would be, and then it tells the whole story and it's great. Hilarious. I won't Do that. Perfect. So good. And then it just starts, I'll be honest, the main reason it has taken me so long to write this in is because I absolutely panic at the, the thought of not having a good opening line. So we'll let you use your imagination and pretend that this one was particularly fantastic. Si, here we go. I'll apologize in advance for being incredibly verbose. Yet another reason I have procrastinated sending this. Someone's been using this. The th I have someone got their $10 word out day. In 1984, my parents moved to a huge house about two blocks from the largest local high school central.


My mom was nine months pregnant with my sister, but being the badass woman she was, she still helped to move all the boxes and furniture, despite it being her due date. She went into labor four days later. This isn't actually relevant to the story referenced in the subject line, but my mom is going to sound pretty neglectful in a minute, so I wanted to make sure and paint her as the strong, amazing woman she is before throwing her entirely under the bus. Get her under there. It says, write about now. Person should be a writer. Okay. Sometime in the upper eighties, I believe 1987 or 88, my brother asked my mom if he could walk down the street to play at his best friend's house.


It was the eighties, so she said Sure. And waved her six or 7-year-old child out the door to walk down the street just so normal. Sure. And didn't expect him home until the streetlights came on. She never could have imagined that the next time the door opened, it would be two police officers on the other side telling her that her son had been abducted. What? Okay. Yeah, this gets crazy. Apparently my big brother was walking down the street as advertised when a woman saw him by himself and decided she had a grand opportunity to make some money. She had a knife and threaten my brother with it to get him to comply and come with her. She then needed to find a payphone so she could call my parents and demand a ransom for the return of my brother, who by this time was crying.


Nevertheless, she dragged my bawling brother to the closest place she could find the high school. There was indeed a payphone there, but to get to it, you would have to cross the practice field and get to the tennis courts on the other side with the main field. And it says for scale, this is like three city blocks. It is a huge high school. Okay. All with a screaming, crying child who was pleading with her to take him home. So fucking traumatizing. So creepy. Yeah. Yeah. He even offered her his own money. Turns out his not fully formed brain was concocting a plan to give her monopoly money in exchange for his life, which is equal parts funny and absolutely heartbreaking.


Yes. As she undoubtedly shouted at him to shut up and continued dragging him to the payphone, the football team on the practice field began to notice something was wrong. I have searched high and low for an article about this, which I know exists because I've seen it, but because I can't find it and because I hate asking my parents and brother to relive this part of their lives, I am recounting this from memory as best as I can. The football players saw my brother crying and this disheveled woman holding a knife and correctly assumed he was in danger. They surrounded the woman and one of the players tackled her as football players are want to do, I guess.


I'm not sure what part of scary lady with a small child and knife made the idea of tackling seem appealing, but that is indeed what happened. The police were called probably using the very payphone, she planned to ransom my brother through because eighties and my hysterical brother relayed that he lived two blocks over and wanted to go home. Yeah. So that is how my mother came to find out that my brother actually never made it to the neighbor's house at all. And it says because calling to make sure he arrived safely just wasn't a thing. It Wasn't sot it really wasn't. No one ever called anyone unless you had to Totally. And instead was dragged by a stranger in search of a payphone, but was luckily intercepted. Pun intended.


You're welcome, Georgia, by the football team and returned to my mother. My brother doesn't like to talk about this incident much, but he did surprise me once when he brought it up and credited this experience for his obsession with personal safety slash weapons and trying to keep our family safe from harm. He has a wonderful man who would move mountains for those he loves, and he has always been there to bail me out of a few unfortunate situations. I am beyond lucky that our story didn't end in tragedy like so many others. And I am so grateful that I can find a modicum of humor and such a terrible memory. I think that is why I relate to your podcast so much. My family has always imbued humor into sad or scary situations. For better or worse, stay sexy and make sure your kid arrives safely at their friend's house.


Offer your kidnapper monopoly money. Don't offer your kidnapper monopoly money. Oh wait, I've got it. Stay sexy and let the football team rescue you, Virginia. Nice one. Virginia. Like That turned quick. That just like, yeah, because in my mind, like talking about walking across that school, it was just like empty school wind is blowing. Yeah. You know what I mean? That the loneliest thing in the world is like an empty school. Totally. I a hundred percent. Oh Yeah. And then like this woman probably had mental health problems, which is so sad, but like a knife to a six or 7-year-old child is just, Just no. Wrestle her immediately to the ground.


Yeah. These teenagers, Yeah, These brave teenagers are like, Nope. It's, they're not standing by. No. It's the best. Yeah. That's really wild. Very lovely. But also, it's the kind of thing where it's like stuff like that happens to people. Yeah. And then she's like that she's attributing his need for like to keep people safe and that, and that is how bad things bring about good things. Like it's like now he is maybe over vigilant, but then that care and concern benefits all these people in his life. Absolutely. Okay. I'm not gonna read you the subject line, so it just starts, Hey Karen, Georgia and assorted animals all jump right into it.


My dad's family moved around a lot when he was younger due to my grandpa's job with the military. One of the places they lived when he was a little older was the Caribbean where my dad got a job on a sailboat and became friends with the owner. Fast forward about 15 years and my parents wanted to take their three young kids on vacation. Since their cheapskates they decided to take to take us down to Belize. Those fucking cheapskates. That doesn't sound cheap. I don't know Belize that well, but shit. No. We literally went to the same lake every year. Don't be crazy. And it was a, it was a drive. It was a three hour drive and we drove it there and back every time a country in Central America where my dad's friend was now living to stay with him and his wife for a couple weeks.


On one of our last days in the country, my parents took my older brother and I on a tour of Monkey River where we were supposed to be able to see crocodiles and manatees for reference. The tour consisted of only my family and a tour guide in a little boat floating down a river and up the shore of the jungle. I guess manatees were a really big selling feature on these tours because as our time slot was running out, our tour guide really seemed intent on finding us a manatee to take pictures of. Finally, he spotted one in the distance. However, as our little boat got closer and closer to the manatee, it became clear that it was in fact not a manatee in the water, but a man floating face down next to a boogie board.


He was wearing a green and blue wetsuit and he was still strapped to his board with, at his wrist, given that he had drowned in a kind of remote area in the jungle. We were the first ones to find him. Oh my God. Oh, I'm just, yeah. Yeah. It says, this was a while ago, and I don't fully remember what the tour guide said to my parents since I was paying attention to the corpse right beside our boat, but I'm pretty sure that the tour guide knew who the man was and said that he'd been diving for oysters. Oh. At the time, the police in Belize were pretty corrupt and had a reputation for arresting tourists for crimes they didn't commit in order to elicit bribes.


So the guide told my parents not to mention the body to anyone and that he would take care of it. Wow. Q, my parents having to explain two very important concepts to their six and 8-year-old children. Oh my God. Death and that snitches get stitches to this day. I get super stressed when going through customs since my parents absolutely forbade us from talking to any customs agent, a 6-year-old and an 8-year-old. Oh, that's like a great way to just like implant trauma on top of trauma. Yes. You know? Right. Yes. The stakes go wildly high. Yeah. So our parents absolutely forbade us from talking to any customs agent when trying to leave Belize.


I also refused to swim in the ocean for the next couple of years because although my mom had said the man had probably passed away from a heart attack, 6-year-old me knew deep down that it was sharks that had gotten him. Sure. Sharks or a giant clam that opened and enclosed. You know, that's always Snap. That was my big concern really when I was young. A giant Clam. Giant Clam. I saw it in some weird seventies children's thing where it's like a real life swimmer and a real sized up clam. I Could picture it. Yeah. Well, my mom has taken my brothers and I on lots of sketchy vacations since then. Most involved her flying us across the Atlantic Ocean by herself to stay for months at a time with strangers.


She met on the internet. What? And then in parentheses it says, my mom is not a murder though. And then it says, that was probably one of the most me. Oh, basically. So aside from that, that was probably one of the most memorable, memorable trips we've been on. Thanks for making this great podcast and giving me something to do instead of studying for my college finals. Oh no. And then it says, you've definitely knocked my GPA down a point or two to which I will say, you've definitely knocked your GPA down a point or two hit stop. It's not that good. S-S-D-G-M. And don't go looking for manatees, Margot. Oh my God. Have you seen the video? I think it's in Thailand.


I'm probably completely wrong about the animal and the place, but in Thailand there are these like crocodile or alligators who have these little webby fingers and they've learned that in this river, if they land their backs and hide their body and put their hand up like they're drowning, it looks like a human is drowning and the pupil jump in to save the human. 'cause they have these little like fingers and from far away it looks like a hand being like, help me, help me. They've learned that people will jump in and like swim To them, and then do they attack the people? Yes. And try to bite them and eat them. Yes. Oh my God. These little arm hand thing. I mean, it's the creepiest. It's the Tricky little bastards. It's nature. This is why.


This is why. Yes. Everybody's the Bible evolving, evolving The Bible, everything. This is why. This is why


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For reliability, get a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota. The trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile to Don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business and Managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder.


Goodbye. Goodbye.


Bye. Contrary to popular belief, since the birth of man, women have also existed And yet it's so hard to find bras and shapewear that don't feel like a punishment. Enter honey love. Honey Love is an independent female founded brand specializing in bras, shapewear, and intimates designed for real women's bodies Because all honey love products are intelligently designed by women who actually wear them. They Recently launched the cross Flex bra, which is designed to support you all day from your workday to your workout. Honey Love bras are supportive and wire free. Thanks to bonding technology that lifts without underwire. You deserve a bra that's lightweight and comfortable without sacrificing support. A great bra is the foundation of any great outfit. Start every outfit with honey, love and elevate your style. Treat Yourself to the best bras and shapewear on the market. Save 20% off honey. love@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use our exclusive link to get 20% off, honey love.com/mfm to find your perfect fit. After You purchase, they ask you where you've heard about them. Please show support for the show and tell them we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style with honey. Love


Goodbye. Okay, I guess, I guess we asked for people to tell, to tell us their weird childhood hobbies. Oh, good. Which is fun. Yeah. Oh, You know what? I feel like the file folder just opened and it was that one where the girl got the kit of like sparkle of Glitter. Remember? No, it was balloon animals. Fucking balloon animals. Wasn't there a Sparkle one too, where it was just like sparkles? I don't remember That one. Anyway. Yes, but balloon animals was recent. Yeah. Okay. So this one's called Peanut People. Hello. All sort of Day one listener.


I started from the beginning in 2018, so whatever that is. Yeah. You asked for weird childhood hobbies and I remembered mine that I think helped me figure out my career path. When I was around eight, we had this big plastic jar of shell on peanuts. It was old and stale and needed to get thrown out. Kind of like those big tins of popcorn that everyone got for Christmas that eventually got emptied out and turned into trash cans. Yeah. Yep. Well, I'm not sure exactly how it happened, but I was feeling crafty one day and I took the peanuts and started drawing faces on them. It started off as a bit of a joke. I would carry them around in my bejeweled purse and tell my friends, made up stories about the peanut people. Some laughed with me.


A lot. Probably laughed at me. Either way. It was a hit. So I expanded on this idea. Either way it was a hit is it does not track from what you just said. People Are laughing. I think that's a pure hearted lovely thing is just like, sure. You know what, The noise was there and that's all that matters. Exactly. So I expanded on the idea. I created a house for the peanut people. I made walls and floors at a cardboard, painted it, and even created furniture. Oh. It was clearly more than a joke to me. I got really into building homes for the peanut people. I did the same thing, but with troll dolls. My friend and I were obsessed. Oh. We built like elaborate houses for them.


That's fun. It became a peanut village. It probably lasted a year, but the passion for designing buildings never really went away. Ah. Oh. So here I am, 21 years later, designing buildings at an architecture firm. Wow. What amazing. When people ask me what got me interested in architecture, I do not tell them, but I told you smiley face. Yay. As I found out in 2018 at one of my first internships, the job is like any, I can get pretty boring. So I have always appreciated having you guys in my ear stay sexy and throw out your stale peanuts. Kelsey, she her. Wow. Peanut.


I really like that. Isn't that lovely? Also, it's just like so funny for kids these days where like literally you cannot be near peanuts and like this, the peanut allergy. Yeah. Thing that came up, which is important and good. Yes, I am. I'm not trying to be one of those people who's like, nobody was allergic to peanuts before. Right. I love when comics make those generalizations. I'm like, Jesus, my next door neighbor who I was just talking about. Yeah. He had such a bad peanut allergy. Like he had to have a EpiPen at all times, or he would, his throat would close and he would die. It's not like nobody had it. It's like nobody gave a shit. It's, you sound stupid when you say that.


Nobody had autism back then. It's like nobody cared. It's Yeah, they weren't, they weren't paying attention. They were just like, oh, you have to. We're just gonna real quick, make this easy for ourselves and put you in a room somewhere and not look into this. Totally. And like literally, it was like an 11-year-old that oh, on his own without his mom or anybody doing the work, he had to make sure he never ate a peanut. So he literally like, what's in this? I don't, I'm not Jesus. Like it was sad. Anyway, he made it. I'm a peanut, peanut allergy truther, and I'm here to say, okay, I'm not gonna read you the subject line. It just starts, hello all. I appreciate all the work you and the entire company does.


Nice. Well, that's all the emotion I can handle based on my German family upbringing. I appreciate that. Nice one. So it says, let's get to into the story. This last holiday trip home, I heard a casual story from my dad while watching a crime show with him. He mentioned that the FBI interviewed him once, leading me to immediately ask for the details. Back in the eighties, my dad was a nurse anesthetist, which is a specialized nurse who sedates or induces general anesthesia for medical procedures to make extra money. He would pick up shifts at a Chicago abortion clinic on the weekends. Well, this clinic happened to be run by the Chicago mob, specifically Anthony Tony Racio.


Whoa. Right. What a name. Yeah. Yeah. That was kind of fun to say it. It sounded great. That and anesthetist, you fucking knocked it out of the park there. Thank you. It's a hard one. That's a hard one. Okay. Mostly my dad would keep to himself and do his work. So there was, this wasn't a problem. Occasionally he would be offered jewelry to buy while working there, which he politely declined, mean his bracelet or you want a bracelet. Wow. During this time, the FBI came to our house and asked him about his work, the clinic who owned it, and were particularly interested in Tony Gio. Sure. My dad states that he was relatively vague about his responses, like likely a smart decision, the FBI also asked about the jewelry being offered, which my dad replied he never bought because quote, it wasn't his style.


Then instead of keeping this interview to himself, he told the mob members at the clinic that he had been interviewed. So smart. Tell them immediately, or it's gonna seem like you fucking snitched. Yes. You know what I mean? Yes, Yes. Self-report. Yeah. When working alongside or with the mob, please self-report, Because you know, one of those FBI agents were on the take too and told them, would have told them that they talked to him, and then they'd been like, why didn't you tell us that? They talked to you? Gotta, that's right. And then there's also the embedded FBI agent who isn't on the take, who is Who is right in the mafia, Overgrown his mutton chops, and he's Tony Roche's best friend. Oh My God. It goes all the way to the top. Thank it through when you're working with the mob.


Okay. Thankfully, he didn't know anything of value for the mob to care about it. My dad is in his early seventies now, and he still volunteers his time and service at abortion clinics. He considers it one of the ways he can give back in this questionable time, and it's a reminder that abortion rights are human rights. He is the reason both my sister and I are in the medical field and is always proud to label label himself a girl dad. Aw. I hope this makes at least one person smile while reading, even if it does not make it on the podcast. Stay sexy and don't buy jewelry with mob ties. Rachel, That's so beautiful. Like a beautiful way to raise your daughters to be like, this is what I do, and like it's totally normal and it's just my job and You know, and it's important.


Yeah. It's important work that has been politicized and weirdly sized in a way that is actually neither smart or accurate. Right. Or good for our culture. And this is science, which has nothing to do with my morality or whatever the fuck you know, or my religion Or anybody else's belief. What part of the Bible they read. I mean, it kind of makes you love the mafia a little more. If anything. I know you love them so much. I really do love them and I love Italians. Of course.


This is Rob Parker from The Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available Eye force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit. Buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend, packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, apogen, and melatonin beams already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Gurley, like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A Nice hot drink, and you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer. Yet. For a limited time, Try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go To shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/murder and Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start getting your best sleep tonight.


Goodbye. Goodbye.


It's tax season, and by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Okay, this one is really long. It's my last one. It will probably make you cry. I'm gonna guess. I'm gonna guess 75% on Karen crying on this one. Okay, Let's see. I'm not gonna read you the title. Hey, all. This is longish, but worth it. It also may make you a mote. Be warned. Okay. When my twin sister, Ashley and I were 13 years old, she woke me up at 3:00 AM on Christmas morning, sobbing in my bed, begging me not to die. Oh. I vividly remember responding immediately with Ash, I'm not gonna die before you. You're gonna die before me. I'm the one who has to figure out how to live without my twin. This was not that abnormal for her to worry about. I come from a very large close family, and we had a few grandparents die around that time.


This was also the first year we didn't share a bedroom, and she was deathly afraid of the dark. Mm. In November, 2020, after almost 12 years of fighting for her life, battling pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer, Ashley spent a month in a coma in a hospital in Vermont. Oh. Because it was the height of Covid, we were not allowed to see her in the hospital. Even though she was comatose, I still felt connected to her as I always have. She called it twin tuition. Every night for almost a month, I went outside to angrily smoke and yell at her wherever the fuck she was. I was so angry at not being able to be with her because of Covid, and I was terrified that I would never see her again.


I wouldn't get a say Goodbye, which didn't seem right considering we came into this world together. Mm. I'm already fucking getting choked up. I didn't want her to leave the world alone the entire time she was in a coma. I would yell at her. I would cry at her. I would apologize to her for yelling at her. I kept telling her, give me one more year. I know it's selfish of me, but I can't do this without you yet. I need one more year. Come on, Ash. I know you can hear me. What's the fucking password? What's the fucking password? When we were kids, we used to always joke about what we would do if one of us was cloned. We were weirdly obsessed with it.


I guess being a twin is like a clone. That's gotta be a little jarring. Yeah. Right. It's a discussion that you would probably wanna be having. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. How would we know who the real one was versus who the clone was? Her answer was always the same. Just ask me for the password to our bedroom, because of course, we had a secret password to our bedroom that only we knew. We had way too many siblings we couldn't trust. With our Nintendo DES at 11:09 AM on a Wednesday in December, 2020, my phone rang. It was a phone number that I didn't recognize. I answered it, said hello a couple times, but heard no response until finally a scratchy rough voice said, it's Mariah Carey.


Now stop fucking yelling at me. You heard me Britt, it's Mariah Carey. Now. Stop yelling. She woke up. I immediately broke down and said, Ash is that you silence. About two minutes later, a nurse picked up the phone and identified herself as Mary. Mary explained that my sister had woken up from a 35 day coma that they didn't expect her to come back from. In fact, at one point she had died and they had brought her back. She wanted to tell me that as soon as my sister woke up, they extubated her and she kept motioning for the phone in her hospital room. When she was finally able to speak, she said, call Brit. I was her healthcare agent or next to kin, and was always her main contact during any hospital stay.


If you hadn't guessed it yet, Mariah Carey was the password to our childhood bedroom. Mm. My sister and I definitely had like, if you come back as a ghost, like do this one thing and that's, hell know it's you. Yeah. I don't remember what it was, but Make a plan. Yeah. You better call her and reset that plan. Shit. You're right. Yeah. She heard me and she came back from me. She gave me one more year, and I'm so grateful that she did. She journaled, wrote personal letters to her family and friends, and most importantly to her son Jordan. We lost Ashley April 8th, 2022. I'm glad she's not in pain and I'm glad she didn't resent me for begging her to give me that year. I love her and miss her so fucking much.


Every second of every day. The connection that twins share is very special and I feel very lucky to experience it as I feel closer to her now than when she was on this planet. I love you, Ash, and I'll see you soon. Stay sexy and don't forget the password, Brittany. Oh Yeah. You Got me. I think. Me too. Let me sit in my emotions. Where do you feel? It's in your body feel in your body. It's like, Oh my God. It's a tightness in the throat and the chest. It is. And it kind of, we all come in and go out alone and it is hard it, but Yeah. But there's more Maybe, but there's More to it.


There's, I think there, I think they just proved it. These two. Yeah. These, why am I so far back away from the microphone? I Forgot how to podcast. Hard leaning. Like there's a there that was a little bit of a, there's proof of that. Humans can do more. If twins can do it, that means eventually regular people will be able to do it. Maybe. Right? Like theirs is a high note and we're just like, ours is here, but it's still there. But it's also that thing of like, what a lucky thing that it actually worked and that there was a little more time, especially knowing that she had kids. Yeah. She said, said, Mariah Carey, stop yelling at me.


Like, ugh, what the fuck? So, so she, that's a good tip of like, maybe you can bug people out of COAs. Just irritate Them. Yeah. And like if she could talk to her in a coma and annoy her, she can talk to her from the great beyond. I believe that. Yeah. Even though I don't believe in Jack shit, I'm a fucking nihilist. I think she can go out there, have an angry smoke and just be like, girl. Yeah. And it And there's a connection there. I think so. I do. I think people can do it now. Like did you listen to the telepathy tapes? That podcast? Oh Yeah. No. Oh, it's like, Hold on, lemme write this down. I keep seeing clips on TikTok.


So it, and it's basically like, the clips are amazing, but it almost feels like it's about a documentary. So I'm like, oh, I need to actually just sit down and listen to this podcast. So I'm recommending it blind based on TikTok. But it's like basically studies where the theory is kids with different kinds of autism have the ability to have telepathic connection with their caretaker. Ooh. So if they're nonverbal, they can still communicate. Absolutely. I totally believe that. That's incredible. Yeah. I download, I'm gonna listen. That's amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, listen, I will too. Okay. You have one more, right? I do. Okay.


This subject line of this email is parents' house home phone number was one digit off from the funeral home. Hello. We had The dentist. We had the dentist one, remember? Oh Yeah, that's right. That's right. Hello. All. Long time listener. First time writing in. I've been waiting for years to have a good hometown story to share, and after hearing mini sewed four 16 about the girl whose home phone was just taken for a doctor's office, I knew it was finally my time. I grew up in a small town in Ohio in the early two thousands. During this time, a new funeral home opened in town and their phone number was just one digit off from my parents' home phone for years. We got calls from people trying to reach the funeral home.


It happened so often that my parents changed their answering machine message. To clarify, if you're trying to call the funeral home, you've dialed the wrong number Because they're crying probably too, so that they can't even see the phone number correctly or dial it correctly. Oh my God. That's, it's like the worst moment to be in charge of like that kind of executive Function shit Basically. Yes, exactly. At first, my mom did her best to explain the mistake to the callers, but it wasn't easy. Many people insisted they had the right number. She ended up as an unofficial unpaid secretary for the funeral home, taking messages and calling them herself to pass them along. That's So nice. The funeral home thought it was funny, and even told her, if anyone ever calls for a body pickup, let us know right away.


We got all kinds of calls. An elderly woman crying about her husband's headstone, questions about visiting hours and more. My mom had the hardest time convincing people they'd call the private residence. One time the owner of the funeral home himself popped up on our caller id. My mom answered Hello And was immediately met with him yelling, that's not how you answer the phone, or a professional business. He used the business name without there. He must have been joking. That's psychotic. Yeah. And then she said, without missing a beat, if you're so professional, shouldn't you know your own phone number? You called a private residence. He quickly apologized and hung up. Clearly mortified. So he did mean it.


Oh, as as in like ex receptionist secretary. I was like, yeah, he meant that. I've been yelled at that before for sure. I literally would've typed up an invoice for my time. Yes. And then been like, oh, if you're going to yell at me like I'm in your employee, you can pay me like an employee. There's been, there were so many times I'd pick up the phone and forget what, like what workout, like where I was. 'cause I was a temp all the time and be like, fuck. Can't remember. Okay. Over the years, the calls happen less and less, and Thankfully my parents haven't received one in a long time. Say sexy and double check the number before you hit call Jess s Oh, that's good.


Do you think things like that happen less and less? Because like I was just gonna say that. Yeah. The blue is like, the number is blue in Google. Whatever. Yeah. Like when was the last time you're like, no, you have the wrong number. I haven't said that in fucking years. Yeah. Wow. That's right. That's, That's I love, I love that. That's like such a great party story, you know? Yes, it is. It's like, hey, remember only 40 years ago, but that also is so long ago. It's 190 years ago. Send us your story, your hometown stories of your party stories when things get slow and you gotta share an anecdote that's like, yeah, a little, a little raunchy, but not too raw because you don't know if like there's religious people there or what, you know.


Yeah. Something that's like family friendly, either raunchy or just interesting. Like do you have a memory about your family's landline? Like the phone that hung in the kitchen before Everybody had their own individual phone. Totally. There was so much fighting at my house about get off the phone. I'm not paying for that phone call. And then when Pacific Bell did their like 1986 update and there was call waiting and there was call forwarding. There Was like, I that you remember what year that like, it was so exciting. It was. It was epic. 'cause then you could, no one could tell you get off the phone because there's call waiting. No Call waiting was fucking incredible.


Or whatever story at My favorite murder at Gmail. We'll take anything. There's also a mini mini, so on the fan cult, if you want one more story from each of us, and they're all still there. So it's not just one. It's like years of mini, mini sos Fucking literal. Almost a decade of these. Yeah. So go to My favorite murder dot com and join the fan cult And yes, do all that. And then stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah, This has been an exactly right production. Our senior producer is Alejandra Keck.


Our editor is Aristotle Acevedo. This episode was mixed by Liana Sachi. Email your hometowns to My favorite murder at gmail.com And follow the show on Instagram and Facebook at My favorite murder. Goodbye.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus, the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit. Buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by a local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


It's tax season, and by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it, backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Give Your kids a summer full of fun and learning. Give them ID tech. ID Tech camps are all about high energy, fun, meeting new friends and our top by elite instructors located at 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country. ID Tech features over 50 epic courses like battle bots, AI and machine learning, coding, game design, and more. There's something for every kid, ages seven to 17 at ID tech. Sign up@idtech.com and Use code ID tech to save $150 on a week of a lifetime.