
This is exactly right.


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy. Heinous Crimes Unsettle, a small community, and the local detective feels these atrocities are eerily personal, as if someone or something is taunting her. Starring Niecy Nash Betz, Courtney b Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs Grotesquery, all new Wednesdays on FX Stream. On Hulu.


I'm Kate Winkler Dawson, a journalist, author, and podcast host. And I'm Paul Holes, a retired investigator with experience solving some of America's most notorious cold cases. Together we host Buried Bones, a historical True Crime podcast on the exactly right network. Each week. We examine a different case from history and use our years of experience and 21st century forensics to bring new insights into these very old tragedies Like the time the Sausage King of Chicago's wife went missing in 1897. Don't miss new episodes every Wednesday. Follow buried bones wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, Hello And. Welcome To Rewind with Karen. And Georgia, our new series where Each week, we head back to 2016 or wherever the fuck and reflect on the days of your That's right. We will be providing case updates on the cases that we originally covered way back when we will be giving correction corners. Because of course that never ends. The mistakes never ends, the corrections never end. And then we'll just explain to you those really confusing inside jokes like Stay Outta the Forest. Like Where did that even come from? Oh My God. It was a part where someone was in the forest and a bad thing happened. And then we said, stay outta the forest. Now the code is cracked. Finally, today we're gonna go back to the 11th episode, which as we did back then, we named after the number and it's called What The Hell, 11.


Love it. I love that one. This episode came out on Thursday, April 7th, 2016. and we had topics back then and this one for some reason, never again. Cannibals. I mean We were just, we were trying to be thematic. Yeah. We were finding our space. We were finding our format. Right. And Yeah, truly two of the worst cases ever. Especially like not realizing that if we talk about them together, it's going to be just a terrible couple hours. Right, Right. Yeah. And but You guys listened and you're about to listen. You listen to us being totally repulsed and freaked out. And This is a great example of what this podcast has been like. Yes, we have an idea.


We think we're being cute. We go to do the idea. It's so not any of those things. And then people start letting us know how we did it wrong and we keep it up. What also this podcast is about though, I will say, is that it's us sitting around talking to our friends about horrible, horrible things and feeling more connected. A little lighter and a little less like, I can't sleep at night. 'cause all I think about is this. It's like, yes, so can my, my friends can't either. and we talked about it. We got it all out there in the open, which is the only way I can fucking deal with anxiety is get it all out there. Yeah. and we did it Kind of like, we all know these stories, but This is how we feel, which might be how you feel. Right.


Instead of just that kind of true crime fan projection, people put on true crime fans, quote unquote. Yeah. Which is that they enjoy it. Right? Or they love it and it's like that you don't understand. No. And I think that that maybe at episode 11 we were like kind of hitting that stride of understanding that like, it's not like us driving by a car accident in a car by ourselves. It's us driving by in a bus full of people like us And going, don't look, don't look, I Have to look. Don't have, I have to look. Tell me what's there. I'm not gonna look if I look really quickly. It's not like it's looking. Oh, I hate this episode. Okay. Oh, so well come Hate it with us. Grab your sister-in-Law, your old babysitter or your voter registration volunteer.


Hey, I love that Erin. Put that in there. I know. And invite 'em all to listen along, because now we can all be day one listeners. All right, let's go. Let's listen to the intro to episode 11. What The hell, 11. We're recording a podcast. We're Recording Pod Everybody clear your throat. What's your name? My name's Karen Gerra. That's cool. What's your name? Georgia Hard Stark. And what are we here to do? Talk about Moda. Let's do accents the whole time. Z. That's all I got. I'll do British. Okay. I'm gonna have to slide into it.


It's gonna take a while. I really have to concentrate. Hello Governor. What do you got a murder for me? Shoot. Shoot. Hi everybody. Hi. Welcome To My. favorite murder with This. is Karen in Georgia And we're here to talk about your favorite murders and ours. Yep. Monthly. Ours. That's what we do. If you just found this randomly, if you're just entering random words on iTunes and you found our podcast welcome, you might bum out. You Might get bummed out. There are. Or you might fall in love. You Might fall in love with murder Trigger warning. Should we do trigger warning? Yep. Murder. Clearly. If you didn't figure that one out.


And Peanuts. Peanut warning. Oh, Peanuts. Yeah. Yes. Not L again. Oh no. There's also several large penises in this podcast. Keep your eye peeled. Okay, so before we get into this week's favorite murder, Oh, Georgia's got some papers. She's got some serious business over there. Well, I wanna discuss. Okay, so do, so we have a Facebook group. Yes. For My favorite murder That is unbelievably awesome. Pretty Great. 2200 people now. Wow. This is our 11th episode. I mean like have 22 people. Nope. 2200 people in it. And for the most part they're cool. I had to kick a guy out This week.


What was he doing This week? He was being a creeper. He was being a creep. Is It the guy that posted the thing about how to check yourself for ovarian cancer? What Did. you see that one? I think it was probably him. He posted like, Hey, you guys like beards Or like, what do you do if a guy's following you at night? Like really inappropriate. Oh, it wasn't like, it was just weird. Yes. And the majority of the people in the group are female and they were all like, Hey Georgia, can you click this guy out? Yeah. So I kicked him off and then someone wrote something about like politics and I deleted their post, but I didn't delete them, so. Oh, because you just didn't wanna have it be a thing. Yeah. Yeah. So I wrote a thing like, let's just talk about murder everywhere.


Yeah. It's, we're not there to have it all turn into anything really. No. Except for a forum for what everybody's creepy funny interest is. It's funny that in a Facebook group writing and talking about murder, I have to be like, you're inappropriate. You, you have to be so inappropriate to get kicked out of a fucking murder group. Yeah. Well like the other thing too, what I found, and I was on there for a little while and then I told George the story of how I, I'm so afraid 'cause I went back to Facebook and I don't want them to alert all my lunatic like, like we need To be Back. The people that I went to camp with.


Yeah. Who made me leave in the first place. Yeah. Karen's back. I, I was afraid it was gonna go through all my email addresses and just be like, yes. Guess what everybody. So I tried to change my email anyway, what ended up happening is I got locked out of my own new Facebook. I've done that thing. So I'm, it bums me out because I was on there for like three days going crazy I mean like I wanted to comment on what everybody was talking about. I have liked, it's getting overwhelming, but there's so many great co, there's so much great shit and you can just like post one little thing and be, and everyone just writes Stuff and people are so funny and smart. See that's the thing is that like, I think maybe a creeper or an outsider of any kind, it just shows immediately because everybody's just on task.


Totally. Man or woman, everybody there is there to have very specific types of conversations. And they're not even all about Murder. No. And they know their shit. Like one person will be like get, you get a lot of of posts saying like, what was the murder that triggered it for you? And that made you obsessed with it. Or what was You know the hometown murder thing is people are obsessed with that. Yeah. It's like a lot of really smart questions and then really smart answers. That's great. And I think, yeah, as soon as some guy was like writing something that clearly had nothing to do with it, people were annoyed. Well and also that's like a weird dude that walks up to you and your friends at a bar of like, Hey, what do you guys think of beards? Where it's like, we think go fuck yourselves. Yeah. And they don't get it. Yeah.


I've had, yeah, I've had those. I'm not nice about that anymore. You comfy? Yes. Well I was like, I realized that I was I facing, I was perpendicular to you. Yeah. Like looking at you outta the corner of my eyes. That's how I like to talk to people. And that's ki it's kind of, I wasn't trying to be coy. Oh, So I didn't tell you this. I'm listening to, and I know you are too the, you must remember this podcast about Charlie Manson. Yes. It's like a seven part. It's a seven parter. The last episode I listened to was Dennis Wilson. I'm Listening to that Right now. I. Oh, I love it. How many celebrity name drops are in that? So many. It's Hilarious. It's like Angela Lansbury's daughter hung out with the Charles Manson family and like would charge food on her mom's credit card until Angela Lansbury was like, cancel the card, get the hell out of there.


Do you ever reconcile that you thought Charlie Manson was cool? Like do you ever reconcile? Yes. Like Ann Rule thinking that Ted Bundy was a nice guy. I don't think you ever can trust yourself again. Or is it like a com compartmentalizing? No, you Can't. Here's why I think you could. First of all, Angelo Lamb Berry's daughter was very young. She was probably in her early twenties, if not teens. Okay. So you get a pass if you're young and dumb and it's summertime and you're probably on acid. Yeah. Anybody with long hair and like a weird take on life is gonna be interesting to you. I bet. It's funny how in past episodes you and I have been like, well how close have you been getting murdered? And you're like, one time I walked to my car alone and like Angela Lansbury started.


I was like, well, I used to fucking take acid with Charlie Manson. I chilled out with Charlie Manson for a summer before I went to Europe. But Ann Rule has like the perfect excuse because Ted Bundy was the ultimate. Yeah. You had to really hang out with Ted Bundy before you caught on. Totally. That something weird was happening. Yeah. He had his act down pat. Good for him. So no, she's supposed to I mean he cared. He acted like he cared about her. He wasn't like a creep to rule. He was sweet to her. Do you kind of wish, like standing in front of us right now, were like, okay, let's say there was like five dudes and one of 'em is sociopath. Do you think after talking to 'em for like, you get to ask each one three questions? Yeah. Do you think you could pick out which one is a sociopath?


I think, well sociopaths are hard though because their whole game in life is to win, to beat people to be Right. So they want, they wanna trick you. They're gonna do anything they can't to not get Fat out. So, but I would think that the nicest dude or the most normal seeming dude would be the sociopath. And they're like, no, dude. The the emo kid in the corner is So Do you accuse Vince of being a sociopath all The time? Oh no. 'cause he isn't. No, because he's, he's nice but he like, he's not a pushover. Oh, oh, oh. Got it, got it. Yeah. But that reminds me. Okay, I put up in the Facebook group 'cause remember a couple episodes ago we talked about how you hate 9 1 1 calls. Yes. and we talked about how when a husband kills his wife and then calls 9 1 1 and pretends like he didn't do it.


Yeah. And I was like, can you guess which one was real and which one wasn't? And I said I could. Right. Yeah. And so we have to wait until Dustin's recording us next time. Okay. Because Dustin's not here because I need someone to play. I don't wanna listen. I want us both to play. I got a bunch of people to fucking put 9 1 1 calls in the comments No. Of a face of our Facebook group So we can actually play the game that we made Up. Yep. We're gonna have Destin Kick. Bless listeners. I mean it sounds like the worst game in the history of the world. Should we wait till Halloween Or Yes. Some Terrible holiday. That's scary. Listen, There was enough that we could do it every fucking day of our lives, which is so fucked up. I don't want to, I don't either. We're gonna, we have to for science, podcasting. It's, here's the thing though, it's because when you listen to a person talk like that, it sends alarm bells.


Yeah. It's like very, I wanna say reptilian, but it's like, it's it adrenal. It's old. It's like alarm bells go off of like if a man shrieks. Yeah. That's an unnatural sound. Definitely. They're not supposed to make that sound. I feel like we're gonna have to both close our eyes, give ourselves, Lay down on the ground, Kill ourselves, And then Listen to This and then put some stuff in our ears. Yeah. Not, yeah, that sounds like A terrible, Horrible Hilarious game that I might do one round of. Okay. We'll have Dustin pick three out and one of them will, one of them will be real so we don't have to listen to too many real ones. Perfect. Okay. Nice.


They're Never real and everyone kills their wives. It's very common practice. What else? Oh, I was gonna say last week I called that podcast the cri the Oh right. Crime Garage. About 90 times. It's called the True Crime Garage. And just commented and we werere like, Hey guys, Did they comment? Didn't you See? Yeah, I think it was them. I was locked out. Remember Locked outta Facebook? No, no, no. On, on our Twitter My favorite murder at Twitter. Twitter they, they talked to us directly. Yeah. I have been off social media. 'cause this goddamn job, This goddamn damn awesome job you have. Yeah, I, yeah, Exactly. It's not McDonald's. Yeah, they, they commented and we werere like, Did they say get our name right?


Were they math? No, They were like Lowell Thank you. Oh nice. They were cool. They were cool. Oh good. Okay. Thank God. Yeah. Jesus. Wow. We have a real reach. Speaking of which we found out, oh my god number Dustin sent us a picture. Go ahead. You Do it. He sent us a little screen grab and we are number 75 on the iTunes podcast list. Comedy. Comedy podcast List. Is It comedy? Yeah. Which is fucking Huge. It's humongous. We've done this once a week for 11 weeks. That's not a lot. Thank you so much you guys. Whoever I, here's what I love is when people now I now only can see it on Twitter. 'cause I've been locked outta Facebook. Goddamn Facebook.


But, but on Twitter, what I love is when people are like, you would like this. Yes. And it's, it's our You know listeners recommending and and telling people. Tell A friend. Always tell a Friend. Everybody's doing a lot of great, it's like we got a street team. Totally. People are doing Great Work. Well, dust was telling me that the way you get your numbers up on and the way you get in those lists is that is people rating and reviewing and then downloading too. But you have to download from iTunes to get those numbers. Oh, okay. But Like If you have a, they're doing it clearly for Like Apple You know. So if you have a podcast thing, which I Do, so they register it. Yeah. So well Thank you for doing it everybody. Thanks guys. It's really exciting and a huge compliment For a podcast with two female hosts, neither of which are married to big podcasting, big wigs, comedy big wigs.


No offense to those Who are careful Flame War. Do I Need to edit that out? I don't think so. It just depends on how you meant it. Or have A, a famous or male comedian on the podcast with them. Look at the, at the end of the day, two girls who are talking about the one thing that they thought they weren't allowed to talk about. Totally. Which is loving murder. Totally. And it's working out nice. We're glad that people like it. Did I just play more so hard? You did not. There. There could. There's so many people that could have been I know truly. And I don't care. And we're back here in what, 2024 Here in good old 2024.


We were so proud that the Facebook group had 2200 people in it. I still think That's so many. It was It is It's wild. And I had to kick someone out for the first time for being creepy. And then I guess also for talking about politics, which is Hilarious considering now where we are. Yes. Like I don't think we realized how political we would get or were or are. We just thought it was normal. Like yeah, we're fucking liberal or shit. That's not political. But also I think there are men on the internet or I should just say people on the internet who women talking and expressing their opinion without trying to be attractive in any way. Mm. Is political. Which I didn't grow up that way.


I am from northern California. Yeah. It was hippie Montessori. You know. Totally. Like all girls are the same as boys. Yeah, Absolutely. This is not my reality at all. Absolutely. My mom bless her heart, however she is now, she raised me very, very liberal. So I think she hit her head at some point in the late nineties, early two thousands. But yeah, I'm proud of that. I'm proud that we do that. It's funny when people are like stick to true crime and it's like, well true crime actually is kind of political if you think about it. You Know, here's my thing. All the stick to people, why don't they stick to just being in their fucking house or make the thing You wanna make that argues with it. Right. But don't come on here until these podcasters or anybody like stick to music.


Yeah. Stick to whatever. It's like shut the fuck up. Life has become politics because every fucking law affects you in some way. Whether you're a fucking musician or a podcaster or an actor or a fucking accountant. Yeah. You should be political a little bit. Stick To whatever blank is. Yeah. A trolls move. And then normal people learn it from trolls to go, oh, This is how I make people not care about a thing. But guess what? Yeah. It doesn't work that way. If Only politicians were political, this would be a fucking, we'd be fucked. This would be the fucking Nazi Germany. Like that's the point. Also, I do remember the eighties and nineties were only politicians and then a couple weirdos were political.


Right. And everybody else was like, it's their job to do it and no one else is gonna get involved. Right. Let's let Ronald Reagan run the country. Right. He's an ex actor and he knows best for us. Yeah. We are now sitting and living in the result of that. Yeah, Let's not do that. Oh no. We got political. Oh shit. We gotta delete our Facebook. We were forced to be political. And let's see, I'm listening to the podcast. You must remember this about Charles Manson, which is such a still one of our fave podcasts. Yeah. If you're into that, I would also recommend the book that came out not too long ago called Chaos by Tom O'Neill, which is one of the most interesting Manson related pieces of work I've ever read. And I was not that interested where I thought I knew everything there was to know This is like deep dive, like ccia a Ooh.


Also the Beach Boys like fucking Terry Melcher. Like deep dive conspiracy theory Manson stuff. So I highly recommend the book Chaos. Chaos, okay. Yeah. And so you mentioned that you have two jobs. I remember this 'cause it was very, speaking of chaos. Yeah. You had two jobs during this time. What were, what jobs were those? Here's The thing, my new friend Georgia was like, do you wanna start a podcast? And I was like, yeah, sure. 'cause all I do is work. So it would actually be nice to do something fun. You're Gonna come over anyways. We might as well record it. Right, exactly. We're gonna have stellar conversations. Other people are gonna wanna listen to this. But at the time, and I can't remember, and I, I'm sure I blocked out a lot of this, but I'm pretty sure I was working on talk show, the Game Show, which is Guy Branham hosted this amazing game show where you had to go on and play like you're on a talk show.


And I was one of the judges and I was also one of the producers on it, whatever. And so I had already done it the previous season and so I went back to do it. And then also I was wrapping up a staff writing job on basically a sitcom, A network sitcom. So light, light lifting, You Know, not too much work. but it was great because I was getting away from work. And what I actually was doing was signing up for so much what turned out to be so much I mean and we elected to do this podcast like homework podcast. We didn't. But as you can see by the beginning episodes, we didn't think it'd be homework. We thought like, oh my God, do you remember that one little thing about JonBenet? Well, right. That's all. And then we realized you cannot talk like this.


No, you have to do this correctly. You have to be accurate, you have to all these things that truly we didn't realize. And it was like, oh good, now I have a third job. Yeah. But we wanted to, we could have given up then and been like, oh, This is too much work. Almost did. Almost did. Almost did many times. but it was so 2200 fucking Facebook people. Like we Can't let 2200 people down. And also we reached number 75 on the iTunes comedy podcast charts, which you didn't give a shit about, but I thought it was the most fucking exciting. I still think 75 on iTunes comedy podcast charts. That's big fucking time. You're just nodding and shaking your head now. Well I love it.


I was raised in that comedy environment where Right. Either you're number one or you don't talk about it. Right. 'cause you have to beat and everyone all the time. And it's just one big vicious foot race. Yeah. But also I was just like, that's nice. Like it was just that kind of thing where I couldn't really enjoy. Yeah. Anything. Let's Just sit in it. We don't have to talk about it. I can't tell you guys how many times Georgia would like hold her phone up excitedly and just be like, look, and it'd just be a new thing. Or I'd be like, cool, cool, cool. Okay, let's just get this over. Or you'd get mad at me and be like, don't look at that. Like don't get excited. Well, because then you're affected by what you're seeing and you're starting to take it as fact and then being like, we have to change the show.


Right. Because they said we have to. And that's the worst. Like I mean I'm still affected by those charts. I'm still gonna go ahead and say that, that it's actually now about you commenting and rate review scribing. It's really about that. Yeah. So Thank you guys for doing that. Yes. That's why we were there. That's right. and we really fucking appreciate it. I wanted to do a What The fuck Georgia Corner where I said something how amazing it was for two female hosts to be on that chart because neither of us are married to podcast big wigs. That was, and I was, I remember saying it because I've thought about it throughout the years and I just saw that. 'cause I know it sounds like I'm talking shit on cool Op V, who I fucking think is amazing. And I love her. Everyone loves her so talented.


We love her on her own. But You know what This is a lot. Like when I started episode one and I called my sister's friend Adrian, like prissy. Right. Or something, which is totally inaccurate. I was kind of trying to find a concept. Yeah. And I think you were just doing something. And then in retrospect we realized that is a person specifically, right. That no one feels that way About Emma. I don't feel that way. She, her podcast is of course add to cart. Make sure you listen to it. She's so talented. And so I just wanna correct that. What is it, 11 years later? No, I know. Eight years later. Oh This is I mean right now. I just wanna take a moment to say we're very brave for fucking doing this. 'cause This is hard. And also, and I've said this before, but it's like if you walked around and recorded every conversation that you had and then just posted it somewhere so the public could tell you how wrong you are, you would be like, I would never do that.


That's crazy. Right? And we've been doing it for eight and a half years. So Like fucking kudos to us. So Fuck you. Except for the 2200 people that were on the Facebook page. They were the ones, they are the ones who stuck by us. Let's get into Karen's horrible, terrible, really fucked up story. Ugh. It's the cannibal bus killer. I had never heard of the story before. You told it. I wish I had never heard of it. But you should stay And. listen. Yes. Don't not listen. Here we go.


This podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health For many women approaching menopause as a mystery And not a fun mystery like, Hey, who brought in donuts? Yeah. It's more like, what is my body doing and who can I talk to about It? And that's why MIDI Health wants to help you demystify and navigate this time of your life. They're the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. They support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, supplements, lifestyle coaching and preventative health guidance Plus MIDI health services are covered by most major insurers. Menopause is an unavoidable fact of life, but navigating it doesn't have to be a mystery. For My favorite murder listeners, be one of the first 200 people to complete your first MIDI virtual visit and you'll get a free prove 15 day hormone test kit so you can track your daily hormone levels and gain valuable insights about your hormonal health. Just tell them it was My favorite murder, who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com. Goodbye.


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy, heinous Crimes Unsettle, a small community. And the local detective feels these atrocities are eerily personal, as if someone or something is taunting her. Starring Niecy Nash Betz, Courtney b Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs Grotesquery, all new Wednesdays on FX Stream on Hulu.


Karen, it's your turn. Is it my turn to go first? This week? If you want, I could. I'm happy to if you don't. Guys This week, our theme is cannibalism, Which I think, I didn't realize how rough it was going to be So Well, and I kind of touched on it last week with my, the Vampire Sacramento. You did. But he was I mean. There's, so what I realized in reading is yes, it's rough, it's super gross. I Have something to read you. And there's all different kinds. I have something to read Karen about when I was like, I dunno about cannibalism. And you said, and you texted me back, hold on, let me see here.


I said, what if the, I you, we were talking about maybe it'll be cannibalism. And I said, What The theme is what if they're innocent? And you wrote, I feel like cannibalism would be easier for me. I was like, okay cool. Yeah, I didn't wanna have to do a bunch of like Yeah. Will they, won't they? What I enjoy is when You know for a fact someone has murdered 12 child Friends. Just they were caught with like human flesh in the oven. Some horrible, yeah. I like deep horror as opposed to like, could he be in jail? Yeah. And that's just sad. But but also I meant it because it's like, I basically off the top of my head was like, well there's classic Albert Fish, everybody You know that's that.


That thing of like he's You know he's an all star. So, And there's dahmer of everyone knows Dahmer. Everybody knows Dahmer. And if you haven't heard last PO podcast on the Left's Dahmer, I think it's a three part series, two or three part. It's very perfectly researched. Of course Marcus Parks. But also hilariously funny I gotta say about speaking of, we were talking about, you must remember this and Dahmer, I don't care about either of those cases. Manser or Dahmer. I'm Really bored by arrest. You must remember this. I know that's as a podcast. Flee as a story.


You're fla out tonight As a story. You're just like, I know, like I don't like anything but when children get Married. No, no, no. I a hundred percent agree with you that somebody I think on Twitter recommended the, you must remember this Manson series and my, my sass remark back immediately was, I don't like hippies. It's someone that I know or talk to. So it wasn't like fair, fair enough to mean Yeah, but that's my thing is that yeah, Charles Manson is, it's just random. And then Jeffrey Dahmer is just like one guy being gross. Yeah. And I like more of a planning processy a true serial killer. Well I guess he was in that way. But like, as I've said a million times, I tend more toward like seven, the movie Seven where it's like notebooks weird shit hung in your apartment.


Obsessive Well he had shit all over the car. I guess I'm less interested in serial killers these days than I am in either one-off murders or even multiple murders, but not a serial killer. I just don't think I'm as interested anymore in, in that as much as people who fucking snap. Hmm. I guess sociopaths and psychopaths bore me because there's no explanation. There's no like understanding them. I hate being so far away from, I hate saying I don't understand at all how they could have done that. I want like a, well I've been pissed off or I've been with this person who is a psychopath.


Like I understand. That's Fascinating. 'cause I'm exactly the opposite. Hmm. That's why This is a perfect fucking do. Hello Ying. YY Take a shot, Karen. Just sing something. I have to do it. It's, it's one of my oldest habits. I love it. I yeah, I guess I like the psychological What The Hell is going on and people don't really have the answer. I like the fact that the human ba brain is such a mystery. Yeah. And what is, what's behind everything. I don't, I don't like when the, the trial is open and close. I want it to be so complicated and so insane and weird and circumstantial and, and this and that that we don't really know completely.


And also it was like a temporary insanity or You know, which I don't believe in at all, but Right. I just, I also like when we were talking, talking about the staircase stories like that, and if you haven't seen the Staircase, it's a documentary series. It's amazing. And you should definitely see it if you care about true crime. 'cause it's, it's got everything. Yeah. What I love about It is it's something great to talk about. Like everyone I know has a completely different opinion. Right. And there's still new stuff coming in. The thing about the Blood spatter expert just being a complete fraud Totally. Is amazing. And it's like it's, the story's always developing. I love that. Well that's why I I did like the jinx is that he killed circumstantially.


He killed because the circumstances demanded it. Yes. His wife was gonna leave him, his neighbor was gonna snitch on him. His best friend was figuring his shit was gonna snitch out. Yeah. So he had to kill You know, like I mean he didn't clearly, but I love that that person's brain thought these ways. He wasn't a psychopath who enjoyed murder. It was like this, he's such a fucking narcissist that these were the, that was the, the means to the end. But I think there's, you could argue he did enjoy some of it because he was so tricky when he killed the woman who was his good friend. I can't remember her name now. That whole thing where he flew into like way Northern California and drove down. So it's like I wasn't in Los Angeles like, but Just the fact You know he shot her in the back of the head, meaning he couldn't look her in the face when he killed her.


True. Because There were emotions there. Yeah. He knew her and he like he had grown up with her. Totally. What a creep. He walked Her down the aisle when she got married. Shit. Yeah. So he like little things like that. You know. It's not like those little things I think are the, and the, so the serial killers, like even Ted Bundy, which I read all about when I was like 14 and like yes. Serial killer, like a cult shit. But then got older and was like this, this isn't how life is. Life is ugly and weird and creepy and spur of the moment. And you make S and Ted Bundy's beautiful And Ted Bundy is calculated.


Oh yes. Like organized, right? Yes, yes, yes. I get it. Yeah. That makes sense. And wait, what about capitalism? Oh, I guess I was saying like in the, in the first pass of looking at different, all the choices we had and I know people were posting. So if you, whatever you find here, if it does, does not satisfy you if to our Facebook page because people started posting stories what they like. And that's always a great thing too, is that no matter what happens here, there's a bunch of options on the Facebook page things And are going on. And sometimes we'll, we'll have our murder. But the thing that we're, that either Karen and I are focusing on is a part of it that we find interesting. Yeah. Like we don't have, we're not gonna tell you from start to finish the murder.


We can't do a seven part series. We don't have the attention span. I'm sorry. What? But I was gonna say, do You see how cute my cat is? I do. Oh, I'm sorry. You were serious. I thought we were both joking. No, well I was just gonna say I love you must remember this because I, those ones that are like fully produced, she's got music cues, her speaking voice excellent. Writing. Perfect. The writing is amazing. Beautiful. I just keep thinking of how she's, she's taking so much research and making it a fascinating story. She is. She is doing a great fucking job. Yeah. I just don't care about Manson. Right. But I'm gonna listen to the whole thing 'cause it's still, I didn't think I Right.


I didn't think I cared about Manson. I started listening to it 'cause I had a long drive home one night and I was like, I'm not, I'm not gonna listen to the radio. And by the end of the first episode I was like, I am in this, I wanna hear whatever you have to tell me. 'cause she folds in all the Angela Lansbury shit that you didn't even know was in there in the first Place. Yeah. The connections and like why he came to la which is like, I didn't under, didn't know why he came to Los Angeles and like what a fucking little You know where he met a lot of the Manson followers. Yeah. Well, but the podcast I love even more because it's, there's no explanation and it's empty is someone knows something. Did, you listen to the new episode. No, I'm not caught up. My lord. Are You mad at me?


No. I'm like, I'm, that was a, I can't deal with this podcast Cy. Oh, because it's so good. Oh. Oh don't tell me I mean I'm not gonna tell you. Okay. But you need to listen to the li listen, if you haven't listened to someone knows something, listen from the very beginning it's the whole, it's great season. It is one is about one story and it's fucking incredible. It's Really good. Oh, also, I was gonna say, oh, people were talking on the, for the four minutes I was on the Facebook page. I'm just gonna keep harping on it. Like as if I got kicked out. Yeah. On a personal level. But, Well I did write a letter to Facebook that was like, can you get this bitch outta here? Dia Facebook there. At one point there was a whole thread about people liking or not liking certain podcasts.


And I actually made this comment, but I don't think it ended up on there. Which has started my problem of how I ended up getting kicked off. But what I was saying is This is kind of the beauty of it. There's a million true crime podcasts Yes. To listen to and you, and it really is like having to sit with people for an hour. So like totally. I remember there was a guy on the Facebook page that talked about how he didn't love our female ramblings. And I could not stop laughing because I was like, he said that. Yeah. but it was like a guy, it was as if he liked it anyway, where I was like, well What The fuck else is there of not female ramblings on this fucking podcast Are ramblings of being scared of being murdered when we're walking down the street. But Still, I, my point is that everybody's looking for a certain thing in a podcast.


Yeah. And so, like, I love last podcast on the left. 'cause it's all the comedy I love. I I adore Henrys broski. Then you've got all this fucking research. So you're really being, there's so much takeaway. Yeah. Like there's just all, there's so many choices. So we know that, that when you fly, you have a lot of choices in the air. And Thank You for flying with us. It is nice that like we, you can talk, we talk. I I do like that we talk about other podcasts and how much we like them and we promote them because I You know. Yeah. We're not the only ones. We're doing something very specific I think. Yeah. And, and yeah. So even like, I guess lo someone did I last week mine was who put Bella in the Witch Elm and I think they did it too last Week.


Yeah, I think so. Wow. So, but people love Laura. I keep hearing about that One. Yeah, I do too. I, but I guarantee it's not the same thing that we did. No. And ours is probably No. Alright. People love your Banksy comment by the way. Which was, What was it People were doing graffiti about who put Bella in the witch Elm? And you go, that's where Banksy started. Jesus. Oh, you Karen. So let's get into cannibalism. No, let's keep on talking about podcasting instead of actually doing it. That's what's really interesting. Yeah. So I'm basically saying that when I looked, it's like Albert Fish check. We've we've heard about it. We know about it. He's a fucking creepy old man. Then there was the guy I did, I did Albert Fish Did you really?


No. Yes. Go on Did. you really? Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But I'm It's gonna be great. Okay, go ahead. Shit. Sorry. No, you're, I'm sorry. No, I'm afraid to say my second example. But This is, I'm just saying my thinking. Yeah. I was trying to be exciting. I get it. You went classic. I did go classic. You did a classic. I basically, what I was saying is I don't, I didn't feel like doing the serious homework 'cause Albert Fish killed fucking 400 people. Yeah. There was a lot of info. So I kind of, I summarized. Okay, good. I, I went, which I think you might like, 'cause This is what you were just saying. You like kind of a one hit wonder killer. Dig it. It's the cannibal bus killer from I saw something Manitoba and this was a thing that I remember.


It happened in 2008 when it came on the news. I was by myself in my house of course. And I was staring at the TV like, what is happening? And so here in a nutshell, if you've never heard it, it's insane. On a gray town bus. And they were going between Manitoba and Brandon, which I believe is a very small town. And it's a very long space between the two cities. From what? So Not a lot of places to stop and get food. Exactly. So you're hungry. It's just all these people on this bus. And at noon, a man named Vincent Lee got on the bus and he went and he sat next to a guy named Tim McLean. Tim was asleep wearing headphones listening to music.


He's a carnival worker and he was 22. Oh fuck. And at some point an hour into the trip, at first Lee was sitting up near the front, near the bus driver. And then he went back and sat next to McLean. Then he pulled out a machete. No, he started stabbing him. Don't. And he began to decapitate him. Have You ever seen a machete? No. In real life. Aren't Those like really big? They're quite large. He had a concealed machete on his person. Oh, That. So, okay. So he begins to decapitate him. So the bus driver, everyone of course now This is me filling in the blank, I would imagine started screaming.


Sure. Right. But you Could probably do that quietly. Oh my God. Yeah. Or like the staring where you can't scream because you can't take in what's Happening. No. I mean he probably stab him, machete him quietly. Oh no, no he didn't. He didn't. No. 'cause he was standing. Okay. He went crazy and everyone was around. You know what I mean. Like it's a bus fold filled with people. Okay. The bus driver pulls over, opens the door, everyone runs off. He, there was, they didn't, the chronology didn't seem clear to me, but it sounded like a couple of the men and the bus driver tried to go back to do something about it. That's What I was gonna say. Yeah. And the killer had decapitated him and was holding his head up.


He was already decap. Oh. And so they got off the bus. Was He decapitated? But was he was his head off before he died. You die. You die Once you cut that jugular. Okay. It goes very quickly. Okay. And also he was stabbed in the chest and in the neck. I fucking hate cannibals. This Is, I hate this topic. This Is, it's a terrible fucking topic. Okay. So, and This is I think the worst of, I went, I went as bad as you can go. I Did too. Yeah. Yours is horrible. So let me get through mine. So we get Sorry. No, no, no. So they lock, they close the bus doors and they, and, and barricade it somehow.


I think someone said that they threw up like a crowbar or something so that the bus doors wouldn't open the fucking guy. Vincent Lee holds out the decapitated head and there's witness eyewitness statements that say that he looked completely calm like nothing was happening and held it out. And they, this one guy said dropped it on the ground. I don't know if that meant he held it out of the bus window and dropped it on the ground. Yeah. But that usually Greyhound bust windows don't work like that. No. So held it out and then dropped it inside the bus or whatever. And he Was completely calm while he was doing This completely calm and then started banging his, his own head against the window really hard over and over.


And so what, what is happening? And This is, as I was putting this together, I was like, well cops come, like This is a, This is a one-off. This is You know whatever. A crazy attack. Yeah. Like a berserk moment. The end. Yeah. But they're so far out in the middle of nowhere. It takes the cops. It's, this happened, they got on the bus at noon and the cops showed up at eight 30 at night. No. So, so I think there were a couple, like an hour or so into this trip. But like they were, they had to sit on the side of the road. What would you have Done? I would've laed so hard. Well, yeah, you just fucking go running. But you're out in the middle of nowhere.


Fuck. And what was That? I don't know. Someone's getting murdered. That was a weird, I think it, Hopefully It was laughing. It was laughing because my neighbors like to play beer pong. Oh, okay. Fuck Yeah. We're fine. Jesus Christ. So it Like, no, it was a, it was a maniacal Ling it sounded like, sounded like a human sized chicken. It was a maniacal human chicken cackling. And I'm just picturing this. So it's like you're sitting, there's, so there's a guy having a psychotic episode trapped on the bus. And so as he, he's either pacing back and forth on the bus or what? Ha As they say in the Wikipedia article, defiling the Body. Oh dear. So I went into a couple, it's a poor guy dude.


Articles. I know it's cra but it was over for him fast. I just, let's both hold onto that. I know, but it's a family like No there, it's awful for them. It's terrible. Imagine Living your life for 22 years just to be a defiled on a Greyhound bus of all places. I'm sure he did other great stuff though. Probably I mean focus on that. But here's the thing. So he's either, 'cause let's not go too far down that 'cause it's gonna ruin this part where I say, where I come back, he was either pacing up and down or defiling the body. Which meant he poked out the eyes. Nope. He was cutting off body parts. When, when they, when the cops finally got there and they finally fig.


It was one 30 in the morning when they finally tased him. Jesus. Because they couldn't figure out how to Oh, at one point, sorry. At one point the killer tried to drive the bus away and the bus rider driver had like a, one of those things. Like a remote. Yeah. Making the bus not drive away. You know those things. Sure. Were people, do you think people were watching? I feel like I wouldn't watch. They Said that people were sitting huddled on the side of the road crying and vomiting. Yeah, Freaking out. Sounds about right. But you're like kind of stuck there. I'm sure you're trying not to go away from it and you don't know where this guy's gonna go. Like I would, are people driving by?


Would, can you hitchhike I mean? Maybe. But like, you're also in a state of shock. That's like the craziest thing to witness closeup. So when they got him off the bus, they had to bag up the body. Wait, did he, it was so badly attacked. And his nose and his nose, ears and tongue was in this killer's pockets. Pockets. He had put them in his pockets. Oh My Lord. And he had also been eating him in that period of time. And at one point he started screaming, I will be on this bus forever.


What was, so what did we find out about him? So it turns out this was a man who had very bad schizophrenia. He was a Chinese immigrant who moved to Canada who was like a computer engineer in China. Moved to Canada and of course had a bunch of shitty jobs. Three jobs at a time, doing a lot of traveling. In 2004 he started and when he was like, I think in his early thirties, he started hearing the quote unquote voice of God. And so he had already been picked up once before for like the voice of God had been telling him to go here and go there and like the cops picked him up. So, but he didn't know what schizophrenia was and so he was untreated for any, any mental problem. So when this came around, he'd already been doing a bunch of weird shit.


He had the machete on him. He had sold his laptop for 60 bucks to a kid at a bus stop. Well that's how You know He is crazy. It is 60 bucks. 60 bucks. It was Adele. But he and he had become convinced that God wanted him to kill because aliens were going to attack. And it was the only way that people could be saved. He had the voice had told him that this guy's sitting on this bus, he had to be killed to save everybody else. I mean, how do you argue with that? Reality is subjective. Yeah. And he is, he has no idea. Like he's not in anywhere close to reality anymore.


Yeah. There's no break and being like, oh shit, I'm not doing well. No, no, no, no. He's fully like doing What The voices. Tell him. Yeah. Mode. So that happened in 2008. The most recent article I found was from February 26th, 2016. He has been in a mental hospital all this time and slowly but surely since he's been on this medication. Oh. When he was arrested, he just kept telling people to kill him. Mm. So he was like, he knew what he did. He like became aware slowly but surely. Or maybe that was in court when he, when he first appeared in court, he said, you should kill me. I wanna die. Then I read an another interview with him that was from like two years ago where someone said, are you happy?


And he said no. And then he said, I will never be happy. Ugh. But the most recent article I can live with that I can live with him never being happy. Well How could you be? Yeah. I mean like it's a horrifying thing. Even if you get sane, you have the realization that you did this thing. Yes. Right. Go on. So Yeah, he's in a prison but he just won the right to, to live on his own and his, he's changed his name to Will Baker Explain my face right now? Yeah. George's entire face dropped four inches when I just said he, he won the right to live on his own. Yeah. They in Canada, it's like basically he's slowly but surely and he's thoroughly monitored.


Monitored. So it just means he doesn't live in a group home. I Just rolled my ass so hard and my head hurts. now I know, it's, you should see these Reddit con con, the conversations that people are having between, we You know mentally ill people need to be able to learn to live in reality. And people going, he ate this man's eyes like crazy. And listen crazy As someone with like basic run of the mill depression and anxiety. I know that the first instinct when you start taking pills and they work is just that you say, I'm fine now and you stop taking them. Yeah. Yes. Like that's, Yeah. That's the instinct. And with this guy, which several people argued on Reddit when he stops taking his pills, people get eaten and machete on a bus.


I can't breathe. It's crazy. It's very terrible. At the time, Greyhound was running an ad campaign that was, there's a reason you've never heard of bus rage and they had to No. Cancel that campaign And also bullshit from the beginning. Have you been on a fucking Greyhound? Yeah, exactly. The Greyhound is one of the scariest Ways. I took one right in my life and it was very pleasant. It was from San Francisco to here, but I fucking know how not normal that is. How old were You? 27. Because When I was like in eighth grade, I took the Greyhound bus from Petaluma to Ukiah. Your parents let you do that? Yeah. I think my mom thought it would be like good experience or whatever. Right. Which is like, yeah.


You'd think, oh yeah, nothing can happen. Like what would happen? Right. Anything can fucking happen. Especially, Oh, Anything I mean whenever. Especially when we clearly have known from this podcast from the beginning that everything terrible that has ever happened happens in Northern California. Yeah. That's, it's, there's like, there's like the early meth era. Oh, totally. I mean we did meth before anybody did math. Oh man, You and I are like original meth heads We're, Which is why we Got over it. OG meth crew. Yeah. Yeah. It's like biker meth. Totally crazy. And there was also, PETA tried to run an ad in the local newspaper about comparing this murder to eating animals.


The newspaper was like, get fuck yourself. Yeah. Which I love. Get Fuck yourself is like what I'm gonna say when someone sneezes from now on What The fuck yourself. Did she just say she Didn't just, she did not say that to me. And I guess in, in closing an in summation, if you go read the details of this, there's, what was His name again so we can look it up? His name, the killer's name was Vincent Li LI is how you spell his last name? LI. But he has legally changed it to Will Baker now. And I'm sure that people are, there's death threats left, right, and center for this guy. Sure. So I don't, it's such a terrible scenario but yeah, I, I feel like I was trying to suss out my feelings on it.


It's like I, yeah, I feel like after you machete and eat a person on a bus, you don't, you just don't get to ever leave a mental hospital. Even if your pills work. No. Even if you're sad. Totally. Especially if you're sad. Yeah. This is okay. I gotta say part of the reason I did I chose Albert Fish is because I didn't wanna choose someone who's still alive because the majority of those people who have fucking done this are out of prison. Yeah. And I didn't wanna piss off some satanic fucking vampire cannibals person. Yeah, That makes sense. I highly doubt he can get a passport though. So I feel really guilty about what I said about Albert Fish. 'cause I couldn't be more interested. Oh, I don't care.


I mean I care. Are you gonna stop texting me? I need you in my life. I Meant that I know that you Did you weren't being negative about it. Okay. The reason, is there anything you wanna add to that? I'm sorry, I cut you off. No, no, no, no. Just You know. Watch out for machetes. That Is a good one. Off one because I do It is interesting that this person just, they didn't just snap. No, No. That's untreated. A mental illness, advanced mental illness. If you think God is talking to you, if you think aliens are doing anything you need pills. Listen, we all wish aliens and ghosts existed, but you're probably just mentally ill.


It could be that or look even if, even if they do or whatever. But if God is telling you stuff, yeah, that's when you gotta like, you really have to go to the doctor. Please. If you're, my cat tells me stuff all the time. Oh, I'm Sure that's fine. But it's usually sweet stuff. Anyway, should we stop the podcast now? It's sweet stuff. Yeah. Kill your neighbor. Kill your neighbor In the sweetest voice. I love You. Kill your neighbor. I mean just horrible. So I guess I'll start with case updates. So in the episode I mentioned that Vincent Lee won the right to live on his own in February of 2017. Manitoba's criminal Code review board granted him an absolute discharge from the facility he was living in.


So he now lives independently somewhere in Manitoba, and he doesn't, he's not required to attend annual reviews or abide by conditions or anything. Canada, can you explain yourself, please? Well, they can. Yeah. I mean it's rehabilitation. Yeah, that's true. So it's that thing of like, I hope that's true and I hope it's working. And it's not wrong to be on the other side of it and go, what if it happens again? Right. Like I, but That's not the point of the criminal justice system E Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, of course, the witnesses, the people who were on the Greyhound bus that day described living with PTSD to this day, which of course they are. Of course, Tim McLean's family has brought a lawsuit against Greyhound, the Attorney General of Canada, and Vincent Lee and Tim McClain is the victim, the man who was killed.


However, the last update in 2018 said that that case was in limbo and there really hasn't been much of an update since then. Now here's one, and I wouldn't say it's like a silver lining or anything like that, but I will just point out that while we were talking about this, we brought up that PETA tried to run an ad at the time, comparing this crime to eating animals. And I believe I said, although I thought it was you, the newspaper said, go fuck yourself. And then we made a mug that said, go fuck yourself on it. Right. And way back when in 2016. So we are going to relaunch the go fuck yourself mug as the or in the original design.


Yeah. So, Okay, so next is my story. You mentioned how everyone knows about it in the episode, which Oh, yeah. Which I guess like now I was like embarrassed, but now I'm like, no, we do that now. We tell stories that everyone knows in our own special, horrible way. Yeah. We weren't breaking the, the Albert Fish story. No, but I think that's one of those things you and I have that connection. Yeah. Where I suddenly am saying something where you're like, that's what I'm about to say. Of All the people you would pick to mention. You mention that one. I know It is very, very weird. It is weird. Here's Georgia's story. Albert Fish. All right. So I did Albert Fish because it troubled me so much when I first heard about it, because I think it was like, it was one of his first kidnapping was in 1924.


So yeah, his first kidnapping was in 1924, which is like one of the earliest recorded Nope. It's just, or an early kidnapping, which I'm always fascinated with. Vintage Trash. Oh, Did. you think I was arguing with you? Yeah, no, I was going like, holy fuck. Like, oh, you Were like, Nope. I thought you were shaking your head no. I was like, no. Oh no. I was thinking about like, that's back before Pho phone probably most people had phones in their house. Yeah, right. This is like, so early days of like, if a kid goes missing, they're like, they're at their friends. Well, they, Yeah. And because especially You know these are all, IM, a lot of people are immigrants. Child labor is a thing. So kids, kids aren't kids. They're tiny hands to do day labor with. It's like the dark ages.


Yeah. 1924. Yeah. And New York City. Oh. So yeah. So it's actually, I'm sorry. It's Hamilton Howard, quote Albert Fish born in 1870. He's known as the gray man, the werewolf of Wisteria, the Brooklyn vampire, the moon maniac and the boogieman. Oh, he is the boogieman. Yeah. I've heard a lot about him. Yes. So he was born, his mom put him into an orphanage pretty early and he was immediately treated statistically. Oh no. So like, he was like bred to be a serial killer. Yeah.


Then he began to enjoy the physical pain, which is like, oh, you're double a silly. And then he remarked on his time at the orphanage. I was there till I was nearly nine. And that's when I got started wrong. We were unmercifully whipped. I saw boys doing many things that they should not have done. I don't know what accent I was going for in that whole entire thing. I liked it. It was, it was a light. British Was Thank. You. It was kind of like a Catherine Hepburn thing. Oh, Thank. you You know Hi Class. Yeah. I'm wearing pants. So, okay. So there's all this, there's all, I'm gonna paraphrase it. There's, there's a lot of shit about him being into weird stuff like drinking urine and learning about eating bodies and how good it tasted and like lots of little things like that.


And As a kid, As a kid, and as he grew up, he had, he had six children that he never physically attacked, supposedly. Wow. Which is bananas. Although he did encourage them and their friends. How embarrassing would this be to peddle his buttocks with the same nail studded paddle he used to abuse himself. Sounds like a real fun guy. Well, Like, so you're at your friend's house, like, Hey, come over and we will play with this hoop and stick like we like to in the twenties. Right. And then the dad comes down is like, guys, come over here. Paddle my butt. Oh, With, with nails in a boar. How did that even I mean? I'm telling, I'm telling, I'm telling.


Yeah. Yeah. So he got into raw meat. He started suffering from psychosis. He got into raw meat. He started eating raw meat. 'cause he was like obsessed with cannibalism. He felt that God was commanding him to torture and sexually mutilate children. Ding ding. Red flag. Hey, call the cops on yourself. Well, yeah. So the, the murder that really stuck out for me of him that I've always was so troubled with, and when I think back about murder, I think of this was Grace Bud. Basically, Phish saw a classified ad in the Sunday edition of the New York world that read young man 18 wishes position in country.


So he basically answered an ad for someone needing work in Manhattan. He visited the family under the pretense of hiring this guy. And later he confessed that he was actually gonna kill this guy. And then he met the daughter, grace Bud, and was like, Nope, gonna kill this one and eat her instead. Oh. So let's see. He, he met Grace and he made up a story about having to attend his niece's birthday party. And This is the fucking time. They just let her go with this nicely dressed, probably old man Who came to their house to respond to a wanted ad.


Yeah. But he had come a couple times. Okay. Which is like trusted best Friends. Yep. Okay. And like you let your kids go places. And that thing of like always trusting authority. Yeah. It's like, oh, he is got a pocket watch. Nothing can happen. Yeah. Well, he can convinced the parents to let Grace accompany him to the party that evening. And he Grace left with fish and never returned. And then he sent them a fucking letter. I'm gonna read a part of it. Okay. So he was talking about cannibalism and about the olden days and saying that there was a famine in China. Meat of any kind was from one to $3 a pound. So great was the suffering among the very poor that all children under 12 were sold for food in order to keep others from starving.


A boy or girl under 14 was not safe in the street. You could go in any shop and ask for steak and part of the naked body of a boy or girl would be brought out in just what you wanted. Cut from it. This is why I had a problem with cannibalism is the majority of it was with children. Yes. And That, sorry, This is his letter to the family. This is, This is Word for word part of his letter. I don't think I've ever read any of this Before. It's fucking here. And then here's more on Sunday, June 3rd, 1928, I called on you. I brought pot cheese and strawberries. We had lunch. Grace sat in my lap and kissed me. I made up my mind to eat her on the pretense of taking her to a party. You said? Yes. She could go. I took her to an empty house in Westchester.


I had already picked out, there's some fucked up things about it that I, I'm not reading because it really, they really, really troubled me more so than him meeting her. Oh no. Basically, why am I reading this one? I, Well, I'm, here's the thing about Albert Fish. Yeah. You hear, you read those first two, you read the byline of Albert Fit is like cannibal molested and killed 400 children or whatever that crazy number is. You're gonna be, you're gonna get to this part no matter what. Totally. He was a fucking sadist. Yeah. Like when it comes to torture and molestation and all this and Torturing the family. Yeah. He wr he wrote multiple letters to, to people. He kids who had kidnapped their families.


A psychiatrist described him as looking like a meek and innocuous little old man, gentle and bene benevolent, friendly and polite. If you wanted someone to entrust your child to, he would be the one you chose. And if you look him up, which you can, there's a fucking his mugshot and a couple sh shots from him in the court. He looks like a little old meek man. I'm gonna look him up Right now. Do it Just so I get the visual. He boasted that he had children in every state and that one time stated that the number was about a hundred. It's not known whether he was referring to rapes or cannibalism, nor is it known if the statement was truthful. He confessed to molesting more than 400 children over 20 years and is believed to have murdered somewhere between six and 15 children.


Fuck. He was, he confessed to all these and he was electrocuted. When he was electrocuted in Sing Sing. He said that the electrocution would be the supreme thrill of my life just before the switch was flipped. He was an asshole. He was a fucking asshole. He was an asshole. Before the switch was flipped. He said, I don't even know why I'm here. And legend has it. And I think This is in an legend. This is true that his execution took longer because he was really into stuffing needles up his penis. Oh, that's right. And the numerous needles inserted into his privates disrupted the flow of electricity. How on You know how fucking orphanage and being raped and tortured as a child.


Are you looking at him right now? Yeah. But there's also people, This is why I love the internet. There's, oh no. His face is very disturbing. The eyes are dead. Yep. Like the eyes are no good. But then people are making what look like inspirational posters. Oh. Because he looks like Albert Einstein a little Bit. Yeah. It's like he, and it says, none of us are saints. Albert fish. Oh God. Is the quote. He's a little like, he's a little Henry Ford. Yes. Looking. Exactly. So you Wouldn't know. Yeah. And he does look, his, his cheeks are all sunken. Yeah. So he looks like he couldn't do anything to anybody. He looks weak. Totally. Totally. That's hilariously hideous, Man. I'm so glad we live in these these days and times when you Okay.


We're bad I mean Truly. I think one of the worst serial killers and stories, like one of the most, every page you read on Albert Fish, it gets grosser and weirder and more fucked up. But no one really talks about him. 'cause he was old. Well, it's old timey. He was old. I think it's also the like glee. He does this stuff in. And the joy he obviously takes from what he does is so horrific that it's made him You know stick around. Like he's on all those lists of worst serial killers of all time. Right. 'cause of that. For sure. For sure. So not many updates. But here's a quick corrections corner. As I stated, in May of 1928, Albert Fish saw a classified ad in the Sunday edition of the New York World, in which 18-year-old Edward Bud had posted looking for work Fish visited the Bud family pretending that he would potentially hire Edward.


And during this visit, I said that he met Edward's daughter, but it was actually Edward's sister, grace and Grace at the time I had, I didn't say it in the episode, but she was only 10 years old at the time that Phish abducted and murdered her. And then in November of 1934, so years later, Albert Fish sent his letter to the Budd family, taunting them, which was ultimately what led police to finding him. And then he confessed to Grace's murder and police were able to find her skull. And up until then, her family had held out Hope that she was still alive Six years. Yeah. Horrible. That's a long time. I mean. Also, it's the kind of podcast and true crime listeners know this very well, where every story we go, that is the worst.


Yes. That is the worst. Yes. Because It is the worst in this moment. And how did this happen? All of that is the truth. It's just like none of these things are comparable. They're all these little explosions of Yeah. Absolute horrific human behavior. Yeah. Which is somehow what we're all so fascinated about. Yeah. because we know it's there and we're not ready to ignore it. It would be so nice to stick our heads in the sand and be like, life is beautiful. All old men are nice little old men. Men. Right. It's like they're not, and This is one of the examples. So you can just, I don't know, maybe prepare. Yeah. You know Nazis get old. Yeah. Fucking pedophiles get old. That's right. So don't always, I remember saying that to my friend once who was like really nice.


And she was like, oh, look at that old man. And I think I said like, pedophiles get, maybe he was a pedophile. She's like, why did I say that? Because I'm a murder. No, because Yes, Exactly. You have to remind people don't, if you walk through the world with that pie in the sky attitude. Yeah. You are next. Exactly. Exactly. You gotta watch that back. Okay. It's time to go to the outro. Let's hear it. Oh my Lord. Let's scared the shit outta come In. Hi. We're talking about cannibals and then the door unlocked and their P and pizza came in. Hi. That's how they get you. They open the door with a key.


Karen, did that scare you? It scared me a Lot. Okay. I'm gonna read you a couple things. Or should we save it for The? mini sode? No, do It. Okay. So I put I who was watching a murder show today, 48 hours on id. And they said something that made me laugh. And so I put it on the Facebook group and I said, does this make you guys laugh? What? What makes you laugh? And it was that they quote said, life seemed to move a little slower there when they were describing the town in which this like fucking grizzly murder happened. Yes. And I'm like, well, if life seems to look to to move a little slower in your town, chances are someone's gonna get murdered. And I said, what are other classic triggers?


And here's what some people wrote. So like the things that they say in these murder. So Yes. So think of this as in, in Keith Morrison, Morrison's voice, quiet and unassuming means they're gonna be killing people. He Mostly kept to himself. Is deaf a murderer? Yeah. This is what people wrote. She lit up a room when she walked in, you're gonna get murdered. He was such a nice guy. Totes murderer. She really did get along with everyone. Murdered. Murdered, vivacious. Murdered. Full of potential. Murdered as hell. Unassuming equals assume murder. Very successful. Father Plus charity, volunteering, tennis, playing mom equals one of the kids is gonna off them for the money.


Yes. She had everything going for her. If someone has suffered years of bad luck and shitty life circumstances, only to find that lately everything is working out and that life is indeed worth living. Murder quote from the outside, it was picture perfect equals Dad is stealing money and everyone is about to be murdered. Yes. If she loves to run, she's gonna get murdered. Like jogging. Yeah. She had just turned her life around. She got off drugs, got sober and got a very good job. Equals She's a gunner. Yes. Yeah. If he'd give you the shirt off his back, he's gonna get murdered. Yeah, he Is. Someone wrote whirlwind romance equals Molly, you in danger girl.


Instant best friends with everyone. Never met a stranger. Means every, says every Dateline opening. Ever. Never met a stranger. Meet a fucking stranger Every now and Then. Dude, you do it all You. know what? You should meet strangers. You're an idiot. Someone Says, it was such a nice night for sleeping with the windows Open. And then I'll read one more. Oh, he loved her very much and wanted to show her the view from his favorite mountain peak slash hiking trail. And so that your smile better not light up a room. Oh, That's so true. My version of that. But it's not gonna be the poetic version, but it's just basically the d the guy that's the doctor.


Yeah. It's any doctor on any of those shows. Yeah. Did It is the doctor, Did they always, they always kill everybody. The Like super nice doctor with the rich wife. Another the, maybe she, yeah, maybe she's comes from a rich family and like why, why are you getting in debt? She into medical school. Yes. Yeah. And then he's got, now he's got a 21-year-old. Yeah. And he's gonna kill his wife. If one of you got, if one of the married couple got the other one into debt, the one who got into debt is gonna kill the other one. Yes. The one who owes Yep. Yep. Does the deed. Yeah. Why not just kill 'em? So that means everyone get into debt before your loved one can.


So They'll kill you. A race. It's a race to The bottom. If you're worth nothing to them, why would they kill you and ask for no money when you divorce them? Oh. Otherwise you're gonna die. That's Hilarious This is what we learned. That's like City Confidential isn't on anymore. But that's, I used to love that one because the narrative was like, it was a sleepy little towel. Sleepy little. An enclave. It's always An enclave. It was an enclave. And he always sounded a little drunk. Yeah. Which I loved. Well that was the guy that was from Star Wars. Was it really? Yes. I don't, I I didn't know that. Well, should we tell a woman where to find us? Yes. Okay. We are at, what's your address?


My home address is KK. No. Karen Kilgar at Twitter. Karen Kilgar for Twitter. Hard G. Hard star. At Twitter, we're at My favorite murder. My favorite murder At Twitter. And then you can email us your hometown murder, which we're probably gonna do a little episode eventually of a bunch of your stories at My. favorite murder at Gmail. And please join the Facebook group at My. favorite murder Facebook group. I don't know. It's a closed group, so you have to join to fucking get in into the murder action. Oh, and here's an important thing that was making me laugh. People wrote this a lot. If you are from Canada or the UK or Europe of any kind. Oh yeah. There's no U in favorite Y fool. People Kept writing.


Well, I didn't realize you guys spelled favorite. Incorrectly. Incorrectly. I'm Like, yeah, fair enough. Fine I mean we spent, we spelled it second. So. All right, so before we get to potential titles, let's plug some merch. Wanna, oh Right. So if you wanna get the G fuck yourself mug and You know you do, go to My favorite murder dot com. If you wanted it back then and you didn't get it, if you're among the 2200, we should just call it, start calling them the Facebook 2200 if you're day one listener. And that was merch you couldn't get at the time. We're gonna slowly re-release merch. Yeah. Go to My favorite murder dot com to the store.


Actually the Facebook 2200 would be a good title for the episode. Oh yeah. What's some others, what Are some other titles for this episode? How about science podcasting? When I said that you needed to listen to 9 1 1 calls and that's when I think I learned that you fucking can't And it was for the Facebook group For science. Yeah. For Science. Georgia then said, do you see how cute My Cat is? Which is would be a great title. And it's kind of the theme of this separate from True Crime, kind of the theme of this podcast. There's so many. There's the cat there. Yeah. It's so true. Female ramblings. Oh my God. Yeah. Like we kind of already did that. Yeah. In this rewind episode. That's true. Thank you for Flying with Us. Be Oh, when I would basically saying there's plenty of True Crime podcast options out there Thank you And then there's no, oh yeah.


We told all the people internationally that there's no You In Favorite, which was, so actually when we went to, we did Albert Hall in London fucking Epic location. Yeah. When we drove by, we were so excited because they had written My favorite murder on the Marques with the U, and we were like so into it. And then I guess when they found out that we said that they changed it and I was like, I really wanted a photo of that. Yeah. That was the Albert Hall experience. Oh my God, I, I can remember almost every moment of it. And how doing Jack the Ripper, this slow sliding feeling of this was a gigantic fucking mistake. No, It wasn't. It was great. It was great. It was. It was just You know Albert Hall. Come on. Yeah. Alright. Well thanks for listening to another episode of Rewind with Karen and Georgia.


We are actually enjoying doing these. I know. It's, well, it's kind of, it's the thing we like. Yeah. Which is like, Ooh, This is hard and weird and uncomfortable. We're gonna be doing a bunch more. Yeah. And instead of like worrying about our wrongs that we did, we can actually right them a little bit. Well, we can talk about them. Yeah. We can apologize to Kop. I mean you, first of all You know she would not give a shit. She was probably like, I knew you didn't mean me. Yeah. She's that, that kind Of person. She's like, I've never listened to your podcast. Yeah, Exactly. She's like, I've never heard about this. Don't worry about it. It does feel good to be able to like sweep up that rap. Yeah. Things like that. That's What It is. If you like this podcast, rate, review and subscribe and maybe we'll, we'll be number 75 on that comedy podcast chart someday.


And until then, stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?