
This is exactly right.


This is Kristen Bell And Adam Brody. And we are dating In our new show. Nobody wants this, right? Right. We're not really dating No. In real life. We're Married. Right. Married to other people, not each other. Ugh. This is complicated. Right? It's just like our love lives. And nobody wants this. A show about what happens when a bold and sometimes provocative podcast host finds her unlikely match in a sweet, traditional rabbi. You Can watch every episode of Nobody Wants This Now, only on Netflix.


Hey, it's me, the quenches. I'm that late afternoon craving. You just can't shake. Wait, what's that? Welch's grape aid No. Made with real fruit and no added sugar. Nothing answers the call of the quenches like grape. Got the quenches. Grab a grape aid in your juice aisle.


Hello And. Welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. This is our not so new anymore Wednesday episode where we rewind to our earliest episodes and contemplate everything that has changed since 2016. That's right. And today we're visiting episode 14 from Thursday, April 28th, 2016. And it's called You Sexy Mother 14. That's a good One. That is a good one. That is a good one. Yeah. And also we finally hit our stride with actually consistently releasing on Thursdays. It's like we were learning the trade of podcasting. You know, you, it's like how TV shows. They show up on that one day and then people know to be there for them.


Yeah. It's the simple mathematics of podcasting. Yeah. Well, we, we finally caught on. We Did. And look at us. Now. Look. So, okay. It's time for you to get your tennis instructor, your favorite member of your book club and your favorite Libra to listen along, because now we can all be day one listeners. And as day one listeners, let's listen to the very beginning of episode 14. Okay. We're Recording. Okay, good. 'cause we should do a podcast. I mean, we've had like an hour of deep conversation before this podcast even started. Yeah. We had to really connect and we just get some, put some stuff on the table, Get some stuff was important.


Air, some dirty laundry. Not even, not like air. Some And I. Think every episode I'm gonna terribly sing a bad song. That'll be my new thing. Do you mind? No, because every episode you, you sing a good song. My notebook is so far away. I'm trying to reach my notebook. Georgia just stood up and it looked like she was starting to do standup comedy. We were both laying on the couch and then she jumped up and like took a pose. I was like, can I make it to this dresser and get my notebook? Oops. Without, and then, yeah, it looked like standup comedy. Do you ever Get a, oh, are those, because those are your notes from your, you're watching your show with the famous lawyers.


Hey, Let's get right into it. Okay. I was, I was trying to do a long introduction, but now I can't remember their names. By the way. This is my favorite murder. Oh, Hi. Yes. Hi guys With Karen in Georgia. Welcome to episode 14. That's Karen. I'm Georgia. Yeah. Do you wanna give a shout out real quick before you even start to the name of that? Because we have, like, we had, we started, we started naming the episodes weird things, and now we're just like on it. Now we're just trying to make each other laugh. And when we think of it, it's just a pun, basically. A pun contest. The Teens are hard. The teens are pretty tough. And last week, 13 going on Nerdy is the episode title that my friend Owen Eon DMed me on Twitter.


And basically just said, it was right after the number 12 dropped. He just DMed and it said, next week should be 13 going on. Marty. That's always, and You texted me that And I was like, yep. There's no way it's not going to be. Can We have a contest for like, so we don't have to think of them anymore? Like people are writing us. Sure. Do you want to like 14? What is 14? What if we just open this whole podcast up and have other people do it? What if all of every week it's all mon It's, what are they called? Moderated. It's all moderated by other People. It's moderated, produced and talked through, researched and then performed by, yeah. It'll be fun. But It's by Karen in Georgia.


Yeah. We'll still own it. We'll own the copyright. Speaking of, I just bought the rights to Michael Ramsey's adorable drawing. Oh yes. Of my favorite murder. The one, if you see the drawing of the two of us lying. It's a cute little cartoony drawing of us lying prone with like murder weapons around us. That's the one on the Facebook page. Yeah. Michael Ramstad, who's like this fucking incredible, like, incredible artist. Drew it just for fun. 'cause he's a nice guy. Thanks. Michael. Ramstad. And I Was like, Hey, can I buy that from you so we can make t-shirts? So in the next few weeks, hopefully. Oh yeah. 'cause we, we've got some spec T-shirts, right? Yeah. There's, there's already a, a mockup of the T-shirts.


It's like, it's happening. You guys, you can have a T-shirt. Pretty soon We'll all wear T-shirts around town. Yeah. And if we see you, we'll murder you. Yeah. That's how we'll know to murder each other. That be amazing. What if that was the thing, like What this whole thing turns into a crazy cult where everyone just murders each other. What's that cosplay thing where you like, there's people like you if you're wearing a certain thing, you have to murder. You have to like tag that person, but it's pretend murder and then you're outta the game. Have you heard of that? Is it Dungeons and Dragons? No, It's close Up. Is it LARPing? Yes. Is it really live action Role playing. It's LARPing. How does she know That? Is it the Renaissance fair? I love nerds. I research their shit all the time. I wanna know what they do on the weekends.


LARPing, what a grand idea. Live action, role playing. Do you know? That's So cool. Yeah. Well, we're nerds too. And you did something on the weekend. We're murder Nerds. Murder Nerds. Murder nerds. I did, I did do something. I went to see String and Buting The ticket of the weekend. Everyone was talking about this show. Did I say that right? I think so. Okay. So they were the defense attorneys for Steven Avery from Netflix making a murderer who of course, if you saw it, you fell in love with them and and are obsessed with him as I am. They're Good men trying to do good in a, in an unjust world.


Yeah. Defense attorneys as a whole, I think are good people. I hope so. You know, I mean, I wouldn't wanna park next to them in a Trader Joe's parking lot. Right. In general. Right. But that's an LA lawyer thing. I like That they're defending his right to a fair trial. They're not being like, he's innocent. They're like, he this is, you're doing these things wrong. You're doing everything wrong. Yeah. State of Wisconsin. Like they're, they're what I, what I took away from this And I was like, this might be stupid. I'm so sick of my, of making a murder. Like we, I have read about it to death, like other theories and shit. I was up on the, the show like hardcore, like Yes.


I was like this. I don't wanna fucking hear audience questions about the cat getting burned for fucking two hours. You know? Right. In an uncomfortable chair. Like spilled in half a glass of wine on myself, like right when I walked in. Oh, good. Because that's what I do. Red or white? Oh, red of course. Perfect. Why would I spill white wine on Myself? And you were wearing your white lace blouse. Yeah, it was And. I started screaming like I was Carey. It Was great. So you were trying to make it as difficult as possible from the outset. Yep. And then what happened? It was excellent. If you have a chance to see it, everyone go like, it was a real, if you're interested to true crime and and law. Fascinating. A couple things I wrote down, guess how many, okay, so witnesses who are exonerated because of a, because of they were wrongfully convicted.


Guess what, out of 10, how many are overturned because of witness misidentification? So how many outta 10? I just said, I almost just said the number. It's, it's 11 out of 10. Well, eight. Is it some crazy high number? It's seven. Which is still a lot. I shouldn't ask people that because it's like they, it's like, if it's higher, then I'm like, oh, well, Sorry. I always ruin our games like this by overshooting make, and then it's sort of like, well, it is still pretty high though. That's seven. Yeah. That high. That is crazy high. So seven outta 10 overturn convictions are because of witness misidentification. Yeah. They say eye witness identification is one of the least reliable forms of What Yes.


What do you call it? Of testimony? Sure. Or I. Feel. like by the clues, by, What's the word I'm looking for? Evidence. That's right. There We go. Ding ding, ding. We have a true crime podcast. We should know these nouns. I Feel. like by 2050 they're gonna be like, how fucking antiquated was like 2010. And before that they fucking were relying on witness testimony. Yes, For sure. Well, 'cause at that point there will be so much CCTV cameras. Yes. In every corner of our lives. That Is a fair point. That's probably what it'll be. How do you feel about CCTV? I like it. I dunno.


I don't, it's fine. I mean, I understand why people have a problem with it. Yeah. But the idea that you think may, and maybe there'll be a dystopian future where we live in some terrible government state where they watch everything you do and it's all, you know, 1984. But for right now, that's how you fucking find the guy that walks up and hits someone on the back of the head and puts them in their car. Yep. Before anyone knows what Happens. I Feel. like I Feel. like if you're a true crime fan, you agree with that. And I Feel, like, if the laws are fair in general, then CCTV is okay. You know what I mean? Yeah. If laws are like, you can't smoke cigarettes and they're arresting people who are smoking cigarettes on ccc, you know, like, yeah. That's bullshit.


Once the laws get a little fucking crazier then, which is like, you can't really tell. So, Yeah. But I just, for now, anytime I watch a British British procedural, I'm always like, well, they're gonna get this on ctt. There's no problem. Yeah. Like my, it's, it's such a, it's such a comfort to me in my old age. Well, the Fact that they rely on like bank cameras like that they, that, you know, when you see those that are like, ba the bank camera caught the street for one second and saw this car drive by and that's how they knew this person wasn't where they said they were. Yeah. Like, if you're gonna rely on that and that's gonna be admissible, Throw a camera up there. Fucking Listen.


I wanna be safe. Who, I mean are people, is it just not wanting to be monitored and not wanting to introduce the concept of a police state like that? Yeah. But like, I think It's already happenings. It's I think keeping citizens, and it's almost like I Feel. like people will do less horrible things outside if they know they're being watched. I know. That's so naive. I think we're both, I think everyone in this whole conversation, whether they're forward against it, is being naive. Because if they don't think the government is already fucking following every single thing they say, yeah, they're stupid. Right. But if we think it's gonna be okay that that closed captioning or closed captioning, it's not stupid.


Brought to you by, I don't want deaf people to know what anyone is saying. Absolutely. On parenthood. Speaking of, have you watched the new season of Happy Valley? Yes, I have. I had to put closed captioning on because it's so un When the sister talks, you don't know what she's saying. What are It's a British procedural trauma You guys should watch. Fucking great. It's so good. I think people have talked about it on the Facebook page. Yeah. But yeah, because I'm Not done with the season yet. Don't Tell me It's great. I won't tell you anything. But it is northern England, I believe. My lord, what are they fucking saying? It's the craziest accent and it's a, there's a lot of like this, it's that kind of, it's borderline Jordy, I think.


What's that? It's a, it's a part. Yeah, I know. I Get it. Welsh or something like that. It's a crazy British accent. Lemme See if there's something else from that. I wrote a couple notes, but I had hadn't read wine by then. One out of five. Oh, what? So seven outta 10 of the overturn convictions are from witness misidentification. One out of five overturned convictions come from jailhouse informants, which is like, yeah, dude. Yeah. If you're giving someone a fucking lenient, what's it called? A sentencing Lenient sentence because they're informing on someone. But you know what I do? Love is I love when they like plant a cop as a prisoner. Yes. And get that shit out.


Yeah. So then nobody, there's nobody benefiting that could possibly be locked. Right. It's a, it's a Lock. Right. And if you're stupid enough to tell your cellmate, which like so many people are stupid enough to tell their cellmate. Well, They can't help it if you, if they're that certain personality, this narciss psychopath narcissist and the narcissist and all that. That's what I find so fascinating is that it really is. Not every single killer is like that. But there is that There's a certain kind of pattern, Especially Like, like murders that make no sense. Like murders that aren't of like, that aren't domestic abuse, that aren't like personal are these people are fucking crazy. They're crazy. Like when it's not out of quote passion, which I hate saying that word because killing your fucking spouse isn't passion.


No. It's just, it's just pure evil. It should be called hysteria. That's really what it is. Yeah. That's, that's that, that is accurate. It's a man going hysterical. I read a thing recently, there's a chopper. Do you ever think that when you, there's a helicopter over your house that it's like there's a loose criminal and they're gonna park Oregon here. Oh wait. That's why I moved outta Silver Lake. 'cause there was helicopters in my, like this searchlight in my backyard every night. I was like, so scary. I can't handle it. It's dumb Crimes of passion and, and crimes of love. Like, you can't call it that. And the same way that someone I wrote recently that was like, you can't call, don't call it unconsensual sex because sex is sex.


Right. And rape is rape. And it's Use the word rape. Right. They so often use it's not sex. Yeah. They use euphemisms like in journalistically. Yeah. When it's like, when they're like, oh, they assaulted a child. You raped a child. Yeah. Say the words together so that people understand what happened. Right. Molesting is like such a vague term. Yeah. I remember there was that, that documentary about that one priest who was like just sent from fucking church to church. Oh that the, that documentary is one of the, I think about it all the time. I wish I'd never watched it. Well, there's one kid in it who's like, like he's, you can tell he's like, became a drug addict, was so fucked up off it.


And he says, that guy didn't molest me. He fucked me. Like he says that. Yeah. And it's like, Yes, that's right. That's Exactly like, people don't talk about that. I'm so sorry for listeners who are listening with their children. They're not. Well, there was one woman who said she, she was recommending it to her children, but I was assuming it was 'cause they were all adults. Right. One would hope One would fucking hope. Yeah. No, it's all of that I Feel. like it's, there's just waves of change because so many people have voices these days. People get to talk about this enough so that it does affect change. But yeah, there's nothing that makes me angrier than it was like accused of a sexual assault of a minor. Right.


Where it's like, why are you rewording child rape? Yeah. That's so strange. Yeah. They did it. They need to get called what they did. Fuck. Have you seen any of that news about Dennis Hasard? No. Going to trial. He's that Republican. I think he was the speaker of the house. Oh yeah. And he's been molesting boys and raping boys. Why? I just did it myself for years. Oh my. Well he was a wrestling coach in Illinois. It's just the craziest story. But he was one of the lead people that tried to get Clinton impeached when he had that affair dude. And meanwhile fully raping boys Somewhere in his head.


That makes sense to him. Does it? Has to. Otherwise, how do you live your life? Like I Feel. like if you And I killed someone, we would be, if you And I stole something from a grocery store, we would be like, so rack. Well, whatever, steal shit. I don't care. But like, you know what I mean? Like Yes. If I like, I Well you, we have consciences. This is, these are people who like, are sociopathic or they're so, they just want what they want. Yeah. That's so that they rationalize everything that they do. That's the bullshit that these guys that are, that these old guys that have been in power for so long, they're used to it. And you see these other Republicans defending him by saying, there's one that said, I think it was Tom de delay.


Is that, is that who it is? I don't know anything about Right. Politics. But he said we've all, we've, we all have personality flaws. Oh. That is not a personality flaw. It is not. It is not. It's, There's no excuse. I think it's, I think it's become so normal in our culture that like there are molesters out there and there are Yeah. But I Feel like that more and more those like, it just makes me think Now we're going off on the craziest tangent. I know. But it makes me think of like the Franklin Credit Union Yeah. Scandal. Where for so long, the people that tried to report that, they were like, you're out of your mind. Yeah. You're talking about government officials. Well now, these government officials, it's in the light of day.


All of these rich white old men who have been telling everybody how to live and what their value is for years and years Yeah. Are fucking the monsters of the highest order. It's crazy. It's, it's the people who are underrepresented and fucking striving just to make their families have a good life. You know what they say that like, that are the good people is what I mean. Sometimes they're not. Anyways, I say that like, if you wanna get into politics, there's a part of you that's a narcissist to begin with. Yeah. Like, you can't want to get into politics without having a little bit of fucking narcissism. Sure. Which makes sense to me.


Like, I don't wanna lead a bunch of fucking people and Bull and be a professional bullshitter and be on the take And lie. Basically. Just lie to people. Yeah. So you can get to where you wanna get Yeah. Into a place of power. Like, who wants to be in a place of power. Well, and also what that power means, which it seems like the more we learn about it, it means that you go off to like Bohemian Grove and sacrifice a 6-year-old to a big wooden owl and shit. Where you're just like, sorry, what? That's a wrap Epi episode. If you guys wanna hear more about this, what we're talking about. Listen to the last podcast on the left episode of Bohemian Grove. Bohemian Grove. And then what was the, the And the Franklin Credit Union that Yeah.


The way those guys did that and researched it is amazing. It's a great, it's like a two or three parter. It's, there's some shit that's hard to listen to. Like they get into the shit. They get into it. And there's a couple, because they also have one that's like satanism in the government. 'cause they did a whole run about like, like all the, the Satanic panic in the eighties and all that shit. And how these things that were once considered conspiracies are actually Yeah. Proving to be a hundred percent true. Well, It just sounds so ridiculous and obvious. It sounds like we're je being like, no, the government is bad. Yeah. I'm like, the government is Jerry Brown. You know, it's like, that was, that was that, That was like dead on One.


1% of our listeners were like, es She nailed that. The other ones don't know what the fuck I'm talking about. So good. They, they Wait anything else from the you? It was at the Ace Hotel. You tell, you say, yeah, It was there. Well, it wasn't, they have this like feet up. Where are you pointing? Oh, they have this like, gorgeous theater at the Ace Hotel that they like fucking they stole. They, it was like a gorgeous theater to begin with. And Ace Hotel was like, this is what I wrote. 'cause I love my little like crazy notes. False evidence. The most dangerous tool the cops use said Strang. Yes. Boss evidence is the most dangerous. He was, these dudes were like, is He the smaller one?


Dean Strang. Strang is a smaller one. The other one looks like the Eagle from the Muppets. Yes. Sam The Eagle doesn't mean, and Dean Strang is like this sensitive poetry teacher that's just trying to Yeah. Catch a break and can't believe. He's like, I'm just trying to teach you kids about poetry and you won't listen. Yeah. And like, I mean, these guys can't make a ton of money. And I mean they're just justice fight. Like they're, they're so admirable that they are, you know, like the things they were saying about how they're used to not, they used to not allow like even recordings, voice recordings in a fucking interrogation.


Oh wow. Which Is like, it's common fucking sense that you would, if you were a cop, you would want this to be recorded at least audio, if not video. My cat is just smelling everything about you right now. I love It. Because you're not doing anything wrong. And so you should, it's the same thing with the fucking closed captioning. Yes, that's right to you. But, but I mean, I was gonna say, you know, in the, it, it immediately made me think of like LA Confidential, where it's like you can't record it if you're not doing it all in the books. And if cops are co you know, they, there's always that mentality of by any means necessary, you gotta get this perp. But that leaves out you could be wrong.


Yeah. And that's the problem that, that people I think that get into power like that they lose the ability to question their own judgment. Right. They lose the ability to be wrong. Right. They're Just becomes like after the, what they think is quote unquote the truth. And It has to be their truth. Right. Because they have to win. Well, That's false confessions. And they talked about Brendan Dsy the nephew in making a murderer who got, you know, who con quote confessed. And like half of his testimony isn't, isn't video, you know, half of the shit that happened between them and there's no parent there. Yeah. And there's no lawyer there. He should, that shit should have all been stricken from the record. Like, that should not have been entered into anyone's, what is the word?


Entered into evidence. Evidence is the, did we miss the word evidence? Two times, times twice in the True Crime podcast. Wow. Guys. Episode 14 is a real rollercoaster. 1414 E We don't Got it. Four 14, the bell tolls. Nope. Dude. Yes. Stop It. Yes. Don't do that. Yes. Do not condescend me not 14 the belt. No. Okay. Write on our Facebook page or tweet at us. What number 15 should be Please. Yeah, please. But know that, but you're now in the realm of comedy writing and so you might get your feelings hurt.


Just know that. We'll, Insult, we were gonna, we're gonna read the worst ones and go with the best One. And we're gonna name first, last, and middle names. Oh, it's gonna be a blood bath. We'll not do any of that. You guys, can you imagine? We just turn, we never even make it to episode 20. 'cause we turn on everyone and ourselves. What if This pick become huge bitches? What if we turn this podcast into which podcast called What If? and we just keep, it's just a shit ton of conjecture for an hour and 10 minutes. Like, what If we had to say it like that? Like what if No, what if like, No, you don't even know. You Don't what if just keep going higher. Yeah, let's do That. All right. Should we do our, did we do all of our house cleaning?


Do we have any corrections? I. Feel. like I just, for a corrections department, Annette, like a murder enema. Like I just feel good right now. I got a true crime enema. That's good. I know. That'll clean you right Out. I mean that just whoosh. You know what I'm saying? Wow. So we mention that I bought the rights to Michael Ram stud's cartoon drawing of us, which sounds so official and so like, grown up. And I'm like, that doesn't sound like me. I think I was just like, can we use this? Here's some money. Sign this. So yeah. That is very grownup. If you I know. I don't know. I guess I was a, a merch fucking madman Al already. Had you done merch before?


No. Did I? I don't know. But Vince was not really into it also. Oh yeah. But Vince had done digital like that all the time. Right. So I think I kind of understood. He's like, Hey, yeah, you gotta, you gotta pay some money. You gotta buy the rights. Yeah. Then you can use this image. Exactly. So I think, yeah, I was excited for that. So I think we should put that out, right? Oh, absolutely. 'cause that is a very cute picture. And if you saw us live and got to be in the VIP it was our step and repeat kind of background for a little while. Yeah. Very cute. We love that image. It's adorable. We'll, let's put it on some shirts. And, and we haven't sold that in a long time. And thank you again Michael Ramad for being there with us in the early, early, early days. Yeah. You could find 'em on Instagram.


Michael Ramstead great dude. Sold me rights. I mean, did a full rights deal. Appreciate you. Oh my God. Us talking about loving CCTV. I mean Yeah. Sorry. It's true. I know. I mean it's, I I don't wanna like it because it's so invasive and it's so like anti, you know, basic privacy. I don't know. What am I trying to say? I mean Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's, it seems weird to be loving it. Yeah. In as we do in this episode. The only thing is when you look around, it's like, if people care so much about privacy, then we got some serious fucking problems because, right.


Oh, I was talking to my niece Sophie this weekend about Colin Ferrell. It's the first TikTok that came on when I looked at TikTok later. It's like we we carry around Yeah. CCTV in our pockets. That's true. In a way That's true. And if they help solve crimes and all that kind of thing. Like, okay. I mean, plus like ring cameras now and like doorbells, you can fucking see everything. It's all out there. Yeah. I don't know. Does it stop people from committing crimes? Maybe. I, maybe, maybe it'd be interesting to know. Yeah. But to be full throated, like hooray for it. Yeah. We are just like, clearly No one is listening to us clearly. Right. We Didn't know.


Okay. So the theme This week is nineties murders because we did eighties last week. So let's get right into it and listen to Karen's story about serial killer Joseph Nassau. This is a graphic one, so prepare yourself accordingly. Here we go.


This podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health. For many women, approaching menopause is a mystery And not a fun mystery. Like, Hey, who brought in donuts? Yeah. It's more like, what is my body doing and who can I talk to about it? And that's why MIDI Health wants to help you demystify and navigate this time of your life. They're the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. They support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, supplements, lifestyle coaching and preventative health guidance plus MIDI health services are covered by most major insurers. Menopause is an unavoidable fact of life, but navigating it doesn't have to be a mystery. For my favorite murder listeners, be one of the first 200 people to complete your first MIDI virtual visit. And you'll get a free prove 15 day hormone test kit so you can track your daily hormone levels and gain valuable insights about your hormonal health. Just tell them it was my favorite murder. Who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com. That's Join mi di.com. Goodbye.


The 2025 Ford Explorer St. Has a 400 horsepower engine. It's up to you. What you do with that power. The 2025 Ford Explorer. It's all in the name Horsepower and torque ratings based on premium fuel per SAEJ 1 3 4 9 standard. Your results may vary.


Do you want me to go first? This, this year. This year. So this theme, this theme is we, so last week we did 1980s murders, which was like easy for both of us. I Feel, like, yeah. And then we were like, we're gonna do 1990s murders. And then I Feel. like both of us today. Were like, what the, I can't find a nineties murderer. I can't, I I was like, I can't find one. I don't have the will to live. What did I do to my eyebrow? I did. I have a lot, a lot of eyebrow problems this weekend. I, I can't, I did something to my right eyebrow. I mean, it's not filled in right now, so you can see it. I just did some bottom plucking, you know, you know, nice. Sensitive. I am about eyebrow. It's got an arch.


It's got a nice arch. This over here is okay. It looks like you're like, you're being like inquisitive All the time. I constantly wanna know something that I Don don't Know. I tried to furrow my brow today to be like, oh, I understand to someone. And they're like, are you mad at me? Because I have Botox. I can't throw my brow correctly. And I was like, maybe I need to lay off the Botox. Are you mad at me? I was Like, no, con this is concerning. You just can't tell. Because I have fucking, what are they called? I have just like chemicals. Botulism in your muscles. Botulism in my forehead. You know what? La Like 25. And you do Girl, you, you're wrinkle free.


I, 'cause I can't live another day with wrinkles. No, I don't care. Well, you're on that tv. I tell you there's nothing worse. There's nothing worse than seeing what your, how your face does on Hg What is it called? Hd. HGTV. Oh man. Take a look at your face on HGTV. Tiny house Hunter's wrinkles the worst kind. You wanna go first? Or you want me to go first? I'll Totally go first. Please Go first. First of all, somebody tweeted this on the Twitter page at my fave murder. If you'd love to join us over there, I think I got locked out somehow on my phone. And I. Can't figure out how to get back. That'll you keep doing that.


I do it. And then I don't try to fix it. That's my thing. You try twice and you're like, fuck this. And I'm like, no. You know what? Fuck it. But somebody did tweet this and it made me realize, 'cause someone said something about Murderpedia, I think they were just mentioning it, but they could have been saying, I I'm onto you how you use that of all, in all your research, which I absolutely, I don't think they were, but they could have been because I absolutely do. And Murderpedia, just as a recommendation, if you ever wanna know about a killer, it's this amazing website where they have compiled tons of articles in one spot. So you can read like local newspaper articles about the person that you are researching. And it's cool. And There are links to every article.


Can you tell I'm furring my brow on anger right now? You cannot because I have Both, but I also don't have my glasses on. Oh, good. And I'm wearing a French sleeve T-shirt. So I'm slightly uncomfortable because I have intense farmer's tan. There's so much going on in this apartment. We should get someone to paint it. This Allie says this, this apartment is like a YouTube channel. And so it's really hard to pay attention to anything in here because there's just like cats and like cute vintage things and Like, it's so true. It's kind of aqua. It's very aqua. It's like, it's like if you had a seizure issue, well you do. Oh shit. I No, no, it's fine. If you were Karen, I haven't in years. And. I wouldn't in here. It's pleasing. Okay, good.


I'm Glad. So anyway, I get all my research off Murderpedia probably should have said that. Probably should cite research. But you know, whatever we, we say We're doing our best A lot. Credit. Credit here. Credit there. So here's what I looked up I was trying to do. I literally looked up MySpace murder just to see if there ever was one. And there was, but it didn't happen in the nineties. Somebody actually committed a MySpace murder in 2003 where I was like, you're Dated Day late in a dollar short. Mr. MySpace hanging onto MySpace way longer than need necessary. I also, 'cause somebody suggested on the Facebook page, looked very lightly looked into the Swedish black metal murders.


Yeah. Or nor of Norway. Sorry. Not Oh, summer in Sweden. And I thought. Oh, that'd be kind of funny and interesting and whatever. Yeah. It's so dark. Yeah. It's Just a culture of people who are all trying to out Right. Like crazy each other. Like they Don't wanna support those people. I just, it's, here's the one thing I will say about it. That I do support part of the pe the reason they started burning churches, they, 'cause they have some amazing, really, really old churches. Yeah. But they were burning 'em because they had a kind of like really oppressive Christian culture in those countries that really fucked up a lot of people.


Yeah. And so that I support. But But did they think it through in that way? And like, this is what the message we're sending? No, it was probably just a bunch of fucking 19, 20 year olds. It's hard to say because the stories I read around, like there was church arson, but then it went into like, stories that I don't even wanna repeat. 'cause they're just Yeah. It's just dark for darkness sake. Yeah. And then they like record it or they record, you know, it's crazy shit that it's just like, eh, I don't enjoy any of that. 'cause it's like, We want the intricacies of fucked up things that have happened in the past. We don't really wanna like highlight, highlight people doing things to get attention. It's, that's a real fuck you dad feel to all of their crimes.


So I was like, eh. Yeah. We did that with to ourselves. We don't need to fucking talk about it with other people. Exactly. Also, you can't, there's like tons of really good books about it. And you can go in down into that. But that's also the part of it. I'm not interested in the Gore. Yeah. I mean Gore, I like the story. I like learning about the psychology Me, the Gore is just, you know, Yeah. Whatever. I like acoustic folk, rock music, Murders. And I'm gonna say I like when someone from Beachwood Sparks murdered someone. Have you ever heard of the Austin City Limits murders? They're insane. All right, so here's what I landed on. Okay. And this, this, I think this guy has it all, because I tried to look, I was trying to look for someone that, something that would spark a memory where I'd be like, oh, I do remember that And I liked it.


So I was looking at San Francisco murderers or San Francisco serial killers. Oh, well of course the Zodiac is all over that shit and you can't get past it. Night Stalker a little bit too. Richard Ramirez was up there for a while. But then I stumbled upon a killer named Joseph Naso. And so this story has a little of all the things that we like and it pulls in a murder we've already talked about that he might be responsible for. Oh shit, There's A lot going on. But here's what, basically what happened when this guy was 76 years old, his parole or probation officers did a random visit at his house in Reno.


And because he was like, it was some weapons violation or whatever. And so they got to search the whole house because he had weapons in ammo. And they found hundreds, if not thousands of photographs of nude women who were posed in very unnatural positions who appeared dead or unconscious with mannequin parts out and lingerie strewn about in every picture. So the cops like, find this stash and then they're like, holy shit, we gotta really search this house. And they end up finding newspaper clippings, the identification of women like identification that he shouldn't have.


Like clearly it's starting to look like serial killer, what do we call them? Evidence? No, I'm just gonna cute whenever we forget something. So serial killer, when they get a p pri, when they get a yes thing when they, they What? Yeah. That's What is prize. Oh my God. Why? Why is This happening? What is it called when they walk a Not a token token. Is it a token? It's a token. Let's call it a token. Everyone Knows the word we're looking, you know, they take an earing or they like take it. It's little. It's so stupid. That's how you get found out, bro. Exactly. But also, and he, and he also did it the, the best way of getting found out. He kept a rape diary.


Abso fucking ly don't do that. Well Here we're glad he did though, because he had been doing it since the fifties. Holy shit. And he had these, it was every little interaction he would have with a woman he would write down and, and it leading up into these rapes where, and his bizarre and strangely casual phrasing of like picked up a hot redhead. She really fought me a lot of that kind of shit. Oh yeah. My god. So they go through the years they're going through, then they find, they stumble on this list of 10 women names and locations, and they start to put together these names and descriptions of these women and locations are starting to match up two missing women in these same towns.


Can I say that's my dream? Like I'm in the wrong, that's my dream job Is what matching that shit up Is being a detective to find those things. Yeah. I'm in the wrong fucking profession. Go on. You mean Eating dessert on TV isn't, isn't giving you the same feeling. Shockingly, I don't feel fulfilled and that I'm a contributing to society. What If you were a detective, but you still, you had to get even more Botox for some reason you felt the pressure in your 'cause I was giving too much away to to, what are they called? To criminals when I'm like in the room with them And, I'm like, no way. Like, no, you have to get Botox. So you stop, fill Your whole face. Yeah. Stop furrowing your brow. Seize up All your muscles. Criminals.


So, so basically they start lining these things up. This guy has been raping and murdering and dumping women's bodies since the seventies. So they were like, these are real, These are real. And they basically end up whatever the, within the, within the same country version of Extraditing is. They move him, they take him from Nevada into California because some of these murders happened around San Francisco basically. And what they come to find out is that, oh, and he referred to his hi that rape journal as his dream diary detailing his fantasies.


And he said that he used the word rape loosely quote, like how guys talk. So, so what they start to realize is he's lived in close proximity, like in the same city as where these women have all been taken from and dumped. He is, wherever it's happening. He's, he's lived in the same place. I love when they make those connections. It's like a puzzle piece. And it, it takes a shit ton of legwork of like interviewing people and Yes. Fascinating. It's so, and it must be so fucking satisfying. Ah, Yeah. So it turns out the other thing that's a detail that's taking place as they, as all of these facts and evidence on furs is that the women have double initials.


Same first and last name. We talked about This initials, which is the same as the alphabet murder. So these are the, the women that we're talking about here, it's eighties and nineties, but in the seventies there were a series of child murders called the alphabet murders in Rochester, New York. I Remember talking about this Or around there. Yeah, yeah. You talked about it. So it was little girls between the ages of 10 and 12. And they all had the same first and last initial, which I have to, I would be totally have been at risk.


So Carmen colon age 10 was found in November 18th, 1971 in Rega, New York. Wanda Walowitz was 11. She was found April 3rd in Webster, New York. And Michelle, man Manza was 11 and she was found on November 28th, 1973 in Macedon, New York. And did they find that he was living there? Then They found out that he is a New York state native. Wow. And that he was visiting the area in, he was visiting, visiting relatives in that area at the same time. But they say that the two cases are not connected because these, in the seventies, these little girls were prepubescent and these other women Oh right.


Are a pro older and probably prostitutes. Yeah. He only wanted to murder. He wanted to murder women of a certain age. Not what the fuck. Yeah, it Doesn't. And It's like when you murder a child, people get more outraged about it. So he stopped doing that because people, because it was like more obvious people Were all over that shit. Right. So there's like, well, why don't I murder? I can't murder children anymore because it gets too suspicious. Also, he's old at this point. Yeah. So he was arrested when he was 77. These murders happened when he was in his mid to late fifties. So, and also he probably can't get around little kids as much, but you sure can hire a prostitute anytime you want.


Like it's, there's a logic problem that I have with it that's so irritating because there's, and there, the other thing was, there was DNA found on the last little girl, Wanda. How Is there no DNA on the other ones? That seems impossible. Well, there, there, there, he's proven to have killed these four women that were on his list and his DNA is on them. But they did find they don't have any DNA on these little girls in the, from the seventies for the alphabet murders except for one on Wanda. And his DNA doesn't match what was found on her, except for my thing is test it again. Yeah. Do something, look further into it because It seems impossible to me that before there was DNA testing that like every single murder, like before people thought about leaving DNA aside from fingerprints, that there has to be a DNA on every crime scene.


You know what I mean? Yes. And it was just handled wrong or wasn't taken, or it was lost or it was destroyed and or it's too old. Yeah. You know, like before we thought about these things, It's just amazing that that was recently actually Yeah. Like D-N-A-D-N-A is as new as the OJ trial. Totally. It's crazy to think about that. Totally. But they did save some things. But it's like, yeah, if this, if her body was found on in 1973, then maybe you're gonna have some problems with that DNA. But like that everything else, they, the, the cops are saying Yeah. There's those other things are just a coincidence.


Well, is it a coincidence that one of his victims in 1978 was also named Carmen Colon? Are you kidding me? Carmen are kidding. As the first victim in the Rochester ones. Same exact name. I wonder if sometimes psychological profiles that we make that psych, like psychologists and detectives make are these psych, this is what the person is like, this is what they're into. This is what they're after. This is how they are, are like detrimental because it makes them, it makes them narrow sighted. Yes. Is the word Like narrow sighted? Yeah. Or farsighted. Flawed in their sight. Right. Problematic with evidence.


With seeing evidence. Yeah. Because totally that how could that These are so many coincidences. You they have now written off four coincidences. You can't Write that shit off. It's crazy. So the bodies that of the grown women, which this was only seven years later, so the last little girl or less, because the last little girl, Michelle in Rochester was found in 1973. Well, in 1977, Roxanne r Ash was found in Fairfax, California, which is like 15 minutes away from Petaluma from where I Grew. You guys have all the murders, We have tons of nor cow baby. But this girl was only 18.


Yeah. That's not an adult. It's, I mean, and also they were saying she, they assumed she was a prostitute, but there was no proof of it. Her parents said she was not. And so it's just a weird police theory. This is a perfect link. This is only five years later. And this girl is like basically his bridge into older women. Okay. So this girl was Roxanne. Roxanne was 18 and she was dumped by the side of the road, strangled and nude on January 10th, 1977. Carmen Colon, the second one, the older one in California was found August 13th, 1978 on the Caris Highway.


And she was 22. She was 30 miles away from the first victim. So it was clearly he's in that area. Then in 1981, the body of she Lee Patton, who doesn't have the same initials, but she was also 56, and she washed Aho near the Naval Depot and Tron and Nassau managed the place she used to live. And he also had a photo of her. And he was considered a prime suspect, but then gave investigators elusive answers and was never charged anytime in the next 30 years. Duh bro.


Like to speak in fucking NorCal terms, de Duh. And then the, a woman named Pamela Parsons in 1993 was found in Yuba County. She was 38 and she also lived near him. And then a woman named Tracy Tefoya was found dead in 1994 in Yuba County. She was drugged, raped, strangled. And her body was left near a cemetery. So he, this guy had pictures, he had descriptions of them, like all the shit, it was just like a lock.


He represented himself in court. Of course. Like that means you're, I'm sorry, but that means you're fucking guilty as shit. It means you're guilty and it means you're crazy. Yeah. And so of course he was convicted of all four murders in 2013. Yeah, it is. He's in jail. He's, I, I think he's a, what do you call it? Up for? The death, death penalty. But I couldn't find whether or not he's gotten it yet. But that woman, when he was being tried, the woman who he raped, one of the early rapes in that was in Berkeley. She was waiting at a bus stop and he picked her up and raped her.


And when she went to the police, and she said this in court, which is, I just couldn't get outta my mind when she went to the police to report it, they said they told her that they thought she was just trying to make her boyfriend jealous by making up this story. Can't even, Can't even. So that's what we're coming from. That was 50, so almost 60 years ago. Yeah. And this is where we are now. I mean, like, that's the kind of thing where like we are coming from a dead stop of cops not even listening when people are like repeated rapes in this entire area. Yeah. The, there's a reason people have gotten this old piece of shit has been getting away with murdering women for years and years.


What gets me in every, in every case of serial murders or multiple murders or, you know, even I don't wanna, I don't wanna say that you have to be murdered to be important like rapists, you know, because that is devastating to her entire life. Is when, is the people that are subsequent to them, to the rapists and murderers getting paroled. Really the people after this person should have been caught or was caught. That's on, that's on the state and that's on the judge. And that, you know, like, You mean like the victims afterwards, The Yeah, yeah.


Like that is, those are the people that like, fuck me up. Is it like that should have been fucking stopped. And the, the family of the victims that it happened to beforehand, they must feel guilty that, you know, this person didn't stay in jail or this person was never caught. I mean, even though they were like, here's all this evidence. Like It's nightmarish. It's just ridiculous. It's just, it's it's because when it's so cut and dry, like this man had all the evidence in his home. Yeah. He got, he's going to jail for the rest of his, you know, very short life hopefully. But like that it went on for years. If those parole officers hadn't done that search, nobody would've ever known those people.


Would've the same, just, Well it's the same thing about like child abuse cases where they're like, where they're with a child protection agency is like, nope, they're fine. And like close a case. Ugh. And then the kid dies and it's like, this is on you and there's no, there's nothing you can say that gets you out of this. Like, I don't care if your boss was this way. I don't care if you had a huge caseload. Like Well, the problem is they don't that kind of shit. People, human life is undervalued. Right. So they don't pay people who are supposed to be protecting those voiceless people enough. And they have, they have too many, even though you're right.


I, no, no, I'm Wrong. I get, I'm gonna get angry letters from this. There's no excuse. It's just like, but we have to start putting money to the things that are important services for people who need help as opposed to just fucking, like, everything just goes to the one per, oh, we can't get into this shit. This is just crazy. I Feel. like, I'm gonna get in trouble for saying that And I think that social workers are trying so hard and they're working against a bureau bureaucracy that is undervaluing them. And I fucking, I'm Sorry. Well, I think I, well no, I think probably the point is that it's this, this system is to blame. Yeah. The system that's supporting, you know, that one person having 30 caseloads. Yeah. It doesn't even make sense. No, you're right. I I Feel like I Feel. like, I wanna edit that out because I Feel like a dick for saying that.


Okay. And, and teachers should be paid more. I mean, you know, that's now we're, let's just get rid of it. So the, that's, that's our friend Joseph Nassau, the great NorCal and possibly I really, I am, I'm gonna say it like a detective. I like him for those alphabet murders in the seventies. Oh yeah. I get it. Like you like him. Oh, I like him for it like cop style. I agree. I thought you'd like that too. 'cause we've talked about that. No I do I like it. I like you for liking that. Yeah. Yeah.


Awful story. Like, I mean he had been doing it for so long. That's what's so troubling about it. It is. It's an argument for CCTV. Right. It's that kind of thing where it's like if the police didn't go into his house and find those pictures and suddenly start putting it together. Yeah. I still have the picture in my head of what, you know, when you were telling me this story, I pictured his house, And I still have the exact same picture all over eight years later. Yeah. Because it was just so troubling. It's so, yeah. Just so insane. Also with someone who has alliterative initials. Yes. Oh right, kk. Yeah, I know several Gary. Several people who would be, who would be at risk.


It's just like, yeah. So are there any case updates? No. No major case updates. He's still in San Quentin. He's 90 years old. He was sentenced to death, but he's probably gonna live out the rest of his days in prison without the possibility of parole. Since California has not carried out an execution since 2006. And I. Apparently in 2019, governor Newsom officially ordered a moratorium on the death penalty. So it's basically the end of the road. I guess. Let's talk about that the same way we talk about CCTV for or against. I'm just kidding. Don't fucking answer that. We're not discussing that right now. Well, I mean, Yeah, today's not the day.


I mean, unless you want to, I don't even know what I would say. That's the thing is the early days we didn't realize that talking things through. Yeah. And just having kind of initial reactions to things. Definitely for me, uneducated reactions to things and just like mostly gut reactions and things I heard my parents say. Yeah. So then you're kind of like, over the years we have started to understand, well, you're gonna have a big opinion. You're gonna get a big reaction. Right. And that's what you're actually doing on this podcast. So we slowly but surely we're like, oh, there's some things that if we're gonna have that opinion, we better know what we're talking about. Also as in my next story, it will show, I said to edit something out and it didn't get edited out.


So you gotta be really, you gotta really pay attention Yes. To that shit. Luckily Steven's just coming along soon and he's gonna edit it out when I ask him to. That's right. I appreciate that's kind of an important part of an audio engineer's job, right? It Is. I mean it's why you shouldn't podcast without a third witness that's not in it with you. Right. That knows how to edit things out. Yes. That's crucial. I mean, it's hard for us though because sometimes we jokingly say edit that out and then we have to be like, we're just kidding. Don't like, it's confusing at times. We are Baffling as individuals. Yeah. That's why there's two people in that, that booth over there. Not just one thanks guys. And more behind 'em And more listening.


Oh, I was just gonna say, it is really funny. Murderpedia is such a massive part of this podcast. Yeah. And such a resource right along there with Wikipedia. But Murderpedia is an incredible website. It is And I. Bet you they need money, just like Wikipedia needs money. So if you have extra money and you wanna give a little to the places that actually provide a lot of information for most podcasts, those would be two good places to do it. Definitely. Okay, so now it's time to listen to George's story from episode 14. This is just a horrible, I remember this, I remember seeing it on the news. Yeah. This is the murder of Cherise Verson.


Turns out a delightfully clean home can make for a delightful start to the day. At Mrs. Myers, everything we make is inspired by the garden. With plant derived and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients, our cleaning products smell like a dream and work like the dickens, leaving your home sparkly clean, and your to-do list tackled in no time. Goodness. There's no better feeling than that. Mrs. Myers rooted in goodness. Visit mrs myers.com today.


Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey, A B, C Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our past for our dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursday's nine, eight Central on a, B, c and stream on Hulu.


What's yours? Okay, so, 'cause you're from the, you're a nineties kid, right? Yeah. And this one happened when I was 16. So in 19, in May of 97, right before I turned 17. And so this, this thing that happened, this, the person who did it was someone that like I would've dated And I, remember? I remember it happening. He was from Southern California. The person who did it, and the girl was from Orange. The girl he killed was from Orange County. And it was such a, like, I would've hung out with this guy, you know, like this guy would've been my friend. And it made me realize that the people you think are cool, because they're one of you, you don't know who they are at all.


And I. I'll get into it, but, so May 25th, 1997, Jeremy Stromeyer, who was 18, and David Cash, his friend who was 17, they were at the Prima Donna Resort and Casino in Prim Nevada, which we've all been to. It's the casino with the giant rollercoaster right before you drive into Vegas. Yes. It's fucking cool because it's like, it's like going into a Denny's from the eighties with a rollercoaster that goes through the restaurant, right? Yeah. And it's just like, it's like knot berry farm. It's just like quaint. And it doesn't mean to be, you know? So they're there.


They're from Long Beach at 4:00 AM Stromeyer begins to make quote, playful contact with 7-year-old Cherise Iverson, who was roaming the casino alone, which are, is something that I did like my dad took us to Vegas on regular occasion, not really, but he took us a few times and was like, go play in the arcade, and you just fucking walked away. But he didn't do that at 4:00 AM No, not at 4:00 AM 4:00 AM is, yeah. Not right. Well, so the dad was gambling and drinking. They told him to keep a closer eye on his daughter and he ignored them and told his son to go watch the Kid, which is like, my parents were divorced.


If like I had gotten lost, my mom would've killed my dad. Like, yeah, I, I get it. And like it's, it was from the, the killer being my age to the kid being, you know, some in that situation, in that situation is like understandable. So Stromeyer, who's being playful with Cherise, they lead, he leads her into the women's restroom. And while in the restroom they begin to begin having a playful wet paper towel fight. Like jokingly, like he's playing with this, this 18-year-old guy is playing with the 7-year-old girl. Like they're buddies, you know, and like when you're a little kid, you like wanna make friends with the older kids.


And then he leads her into a bathroom. And then his, so this is the, like, this is really troubling to me, is that the friend last name is Cash. He walks into the restroom to look for his friend Stromeyer, and he peered over from a neighboring stall and saw Stromeyer restraining the girl and threatening to kill her if she didn't stay quiet. Cash told the police that he tried to get Stro Meyer's attention by calling his name and tapping him on the head. And Stromeyer stare at him blankly. So, do you know what cast did? He left. He walked away. Oh yeah, he left.


Which is so troubling to me. Like it's more, it's more troubling this murderous fucking kid whose dad was in prison and his mother was a schizophrenic. The fact that this fucking guy walked away, he ends up str, he strangled, he molests and kills her. I don't wanna say in a way because it's like, he, it's so troubling. They find out who he is by putting surveillance, cam surveillance video up. And people from his high school in Long Beach are like, that's this dude. They surveillance his, the cop surveillance his house and identify him. He runs away and he ingests a bunch of drugs and writes a con like a, you know, a suicide note.


Pretty much confessing to it. Like there's no question during any of this in the trial that he did this. There's no like, maybe he didn't do it. Like he clearly did this. So, let's see. So his defense attorney who rep represented the Menendez brothers. Yeah. Weird. The woman. Yeah. Leslie Abramson. Yeah, he this, so Meyer claimed he was high on alcohol and drugs at the time. I didn't remember committing it. And, but apparently he hoarded pornography, including pornographic images of children and admitted fantasizing about sex with young girls.


And in a chat room, which God remember those he wrote, I fantasize about having sex with five and 6-year-old girls all the time. They couldn't prove the message came for him, but right before the trial hours before it was gonna start, he entered a plea on his behalf. So his plea that he was guilty to four charges, first degree murder, first degree kidnapping, sexual assault on a minor. On a minor with substantial, with substantial bodily harm and sexual assault on Meyer. That's your plea. Like if that is your first degree murder and kidnapping and is your plea, you are a fucked up individual.


You know, like manslaughter isn't what you go for, right? Like, you go for fucking first degree and you, and you plead guilty to it. So he was sentenced to four life terms. One for each of the crime he pleaded to, he pleaded guilty too, to be served consecutively. So this motherfucker's never getting out. Do you think that he did that? Just to get it over with? Like he, he knows he's guilty. He's just ba basically he's coming in saying, this is all the shit I did. No, let's just get this over with. I Think it was a death penalty. It was a death penalty case and he had confessed to it. There was like, the confession was admissible in court. It was a death penalty case. I think he knows he would've gotten death for this.


Oh. So this is his way of staying alive. Okay. So the post-trial shit's really interesting to me too. So Jeremy Stromeyer is just appealing the shit out of it. It really bothers me that this guy is so clearly guilty. There's no conspiracy, there's no fucking question. His friend saw It, his shitty friend saw it. Yeah. There's like, there's fucking surveillance tapes, but he keeps appealing it instead of fucking I, this is what I don't understand about sociopaths. Like, just admit your guilt. Like, no, they can't let Your, let the family heal from This. They, they don't care about the family.


They don't care about anybody without, Don't make them testify every four years. They don't care about those people. Like, stop. Yeah, But they can't lose. They can't. It's about getting anything you want all the time. It's the sociopathic mind is so fascinating because they don't, there is no mercy and there is no logic beyond how do I get what I want? There's no fault. No. Well, What's interesting is that the fucking David Cash, so Sharif Ivers Sharis Iverson's mother demanded that cash the friend be charged as an accessory, which like, good fucking clearly no authorities stated there was not enough evidence connecting him to the actual crime.


So he never got prosecuted. And I. I, I remember like frequent news updates of like him going to Berkeley and his fellow students being like, get this fucking kid outta here. Wow. He Got into Berkeley. Fuck. Yeah. So he would, this wasn't some dipshit. No, these were like, these were like hacky sack college kids. Both of them. These were like skater college kids. Fuck that. Like we would've been like, like flirting with, you know what I mean? Like, so, but here's what Cash says in the weeks following Stromeyer arrest, he says, I'm not going to get upset over someone else's life.


I just worry about myself first. I'm not going to lose sleep over somebody else's problems. Like he took no responsibility for this. So like, he didn't do it, but he's clearly a sociopath as well. Either that or he is in such insanely deep denial because it's, yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. That's, it's like, that's like saying it's not my problem where it's like you just, it's a hundred percent your problem. There's no, you can't just deny your way out of it. And, I fucked up goes so far, you know? Yeah. But that's like, I should have done something. I'm sorry, goes so far. But that's not who you're dealing with. I know. I know.


And then listen to this shit. This is the craziest shit to me. So his parents were his adoptive parents. They adopted him as an infant. This is Cash or Jerry? No, this is Stromeyer the killer. Yeah. In 1999, they sued Los, Angeles County and its ab adopt adoption workers for 1 million CL dollars. Claiming that the social workers deliberately withheld crucial information that would've stopped them from adopting him as an infant. Specifically. They claimed that they were never told that Stro Meyer's biological mother has severe mental problems, including that she suffered from schizophrenic, suffered from chronic schizophrenia, and had been hospitalized more than 60 times prior to stromeyer birth shit.


However, they state that they continue to support their adopted son. So basically they were like, he's not ours anymore. In, in the most like indirect way. Like they're basically like, this isn't what we asked for, Except for it was totally fine up until that point. Yeah. If he hadn't had any wins, they would've been like, it's 'cause we raised him. Right? Yeah. I mean, I don't wanna talk shit on adoption 'cause I think it's fucking amazing. And I would totally do it. And like, but this is your kid. You can't sue the fucking city for a million dollars because something went wrong when he was fucking 17.


Well Also what 18? This is just, this seems, I would love to note like what, what kind of like tax bracket of people were talking about. Yeah. Because it's like everybody's running to talk about how it's not their problem. It's not their fault, it's not their problem. It's not their fault. It's like, sorry, you guys are ground zero. Yeah. You touched his fucking head. You saw him raping a child. Nobody. Its a hundred percent your problem. Nobody wants to take any responsibility for any part of this. That's crazy. It's so frustrating. Like, remorse is something that you, we can all, we can all connect with.


Remorse is something we can all like, understand and feel even, even if it's shit that we would never do. It's like I fucked up. I was, you know, thinking wrong. I was crazy. It wasn't right. And like yeah. That doesn't get you out of punishment, but it, it goes so far for so many things. Yeah. But you're talking about you expect something from people who are fucking child rapists and killers. These aren't, these aren't noble Yeah. Moral people in any way. Well think Of the kind of parents that would sue the city 'cause their son was a murderer. Like those people Fucking 17 years too late. You couldn't have raised your kid. Right. If that's your first fucking instinct.


Yeah, No, it's no good. I totally remember that story. Yeah. And I'm, it, you know, I'm really glad that you didn't talk about details 'cause I Feel, like there was a time where I knew the details Yeah. Of what he did to her. And I am glad I can't remember it right now. I remember the news. The, I remember seeing the surveillance footage on the news. Me too. I just wanna like, talk about this girl and how awful it was for her. And like, it's just so like the person at the fucking center of this, while these people are fucking getting their appeals and suing the city and saying that like they walked away because they couldn't deal with what was happening.


Yeah. And you know, none of it is fair to this fucking kid who Well and also didn't Understand that Father. That's a hugely problematic family. Yeah. Anybody that's up at 4:00 AM at a casino, they didn't, so why doesn't that guy have a room or a car that those kids can be in? Like, why it doesn't make sense. Why are You taking your kid to Vegas to begin with? But Yeah. And then also four in the morning. Yeah. No child should be awake. No. Like that's, that should, there should be a system in in place where if you work at a casino and it's past 2:00 AM Yeah. And you see anyone that looks younger than 18, there's immediately, there's, we need names.


We need, you know, we need driver's licenses, we need action to be taken. Well the, the, I mean the end of it is that there's a Charice Iversson bill introduced after this that provides a fine and possibly jail time for anyone who fails to report a crime of the nature that led to the creation of the bill. So like, unless like if someone dies and you don't tell on them, basically you could get fined, which is like, fuck you. And then there's increased security and Nevada casinos ni Say that, And also they've increased security in their arcades in casinos, which is like, well your security guards could be fucking perverts.


So that doesn't really do anything. Don't trust anyone. Yeah. I mean you gotta tighten up your game. There's no kids in casinos do not mix. I don't care what Circus Circus has told you. Oh dude, my Dad took us to Circus Circus as a kid. And I was like, go play fucking video games. That's what it's built, built for. Meanwhile, what the fuck? Like, it's, there's nothing about that. That makes sense In the, in the thing we talk about a lot, which is like, I should have been killed mode. Yeah. I should have been kidnapped. I mean I was a really cute kid, but like You were pretty Precious. I've seen pictures was pretty darling. I should have been kidnapped and killed. Oh yeah, yeah. And I would've been, if I was like, we had kittens in the van, I'd be like, fucking kitten.


And even now I'd be like, kitten, Maybe next week should be that could have been me. Yeah. I have, that's the one I wanted to do to today. And I was like, I'm so excited. I got my nineties murdered. And I was like 1985. God damnit, let's do that next week. Okay. Next week is like, I should have, that should have been me. This Could have been me, this Could have been me Or should have or whatever. Should have been. Yeah. This will be no This God no. When I write my autobiography and lie, it's going to be me. This totally almost could have maybe happened to me. That one has always and always will stick with me just so fucking heartbreaking and Such an unnecessary tragedy.


Yeah. And so problematic with the friend peeking over the Oh yeah. It's just, there's so many issues there. So gross. Are there updates Though? No major case updates. Jeremy Stromeyer is still in prison in Nevada. He's 45 years old. So in 2018 he requested a new sentencing hearing based on a SCOTUS decision that those serving life sentences for committing murder when juveniles and who only had one victim, which is like, should have a chance at parole. But he was 18 and seven months at the time of the murder. So of course thankfully the request was denied that whole thing where it's like he was a juvenile and there was only one murder makes you go so far.


You know what I mean? Like, because he was stopped. There was only one murder Kind of, I mean, kind of. It could, it could. But he was 18. So it's like you're, you know, these are for people who are like 12 we're talking about. Yeah. But I mean it's just, it's the law. And I think it's that kind of thing. It's like if you could probably look into that person's history and be like, this is what brought him up to this day. Sure. Is rehabilitation possible? Yes. I'm not saying to convict someone because they might do things in the future. That's fucking clearly not okay. I'm just saying like, that's Good. Good. Yeah. That's not my argument. Good. But it is like, you know, oh, you only had one victim. Like that's one person's entire fucking life.


Yes. Completely. It's just, and everyone around her's life. Yes. And she had so much of a future that she didn't get to live out. Totally. Like there's, it's all of that. It's all of that crazy. Okay, so let's wrap it up with the outro of episode 14. Shall we? This is a really strange and sad moment. Yeah. That was very, it wasn't even processed when, when we were talking about it now, but we're about to talk about the death of Michelle McNamara. It's just, and it's just beder. It's as bewildering a fact today as it was back then. So true of this episode. Let's have a memorial real quick. Yeah. So somebody wrote on the Facebook page very earnestly, which I understand.


The day that Michelle Mcna Merritt died, they posted a thing kind of saying, Karen of Georgia, you need to do an epi special episode about Michelle McNamara, And I. Understand where that was coming from. But I guess the thing I need that person to understand and everybody to understand is Michelle was a real person that I knew and she was a friend. I've been friends with her husband for almost 30 years. It's not the kind of thing that's very easy to turn around and be and podcast about as if it's some piece of news. It's, for me, it is a personal loss.


I mean, in the way that I have a friend who is now a widower with a 7-year-old child. It's, it's such a massive tragedy. And Michelle was such a brilliant woman. She was such a talented writer. She was so into everything that we're all into. And she made such great contents. She, she was an author. She wrote these really cool articles you can find. Her old blog was called True Crime Diary, which we've talked about on the podcast before. But she also, it's very easy to find her, the article she wrote about the Golden State Killer, which was her terminology that she, she re renamed the East Area Rapist and the original Night Stalker, the Golden State Killer.


And she was writing a book on it. And it's just, it's such a massive loss and it's such a real thing that's happening in our lives that it's not something that we can just kind of turn around and, and present as if it's something distant. 'cause it's not. So we, I, I loved Michelle and And I Love Patton. And it's, it's just a incomprehensible tragedy that is the kind of shit you just never want to happen. And that happens.


So hug the people that you love. Tell the people that you love, that you love them. Live the life that you wanna live and, and just be cool to people, I guess is what I would say. That was beautiful. That sounds it on that. And thanks for listening guys. Thanks guys. Well always stays sexy. Always stays sexy. Bye. Bye. You know what's really weird? That was insane and so unexpected and so tragic to lose Michelle for Michelle's family.


To lose her child. To lose her. And like in that moment, just being like, so this is the craziest thing to happen. And then basically thinking back over the next couple years Yeah. And the things that happen in those years, it just is increasingly bizarre. And how is this actually happening? Not just like Paul Holes and the whole team actually solve that crime. The thing that she was working so hard to do actually happens. I know. It happens. And it, it was such a rare thing to happen too, like her looking into the case, her, you know, trying to find new evidence, like, and then it actually being solved. That is so rare.


I'm, it's so heartbreaking that she didn't get to see that come to fruition and just as a human being that she, you know, isn't with us anymore. And I. That, that definitely hit me hard. And I. Think about her a lot and you know, wonder where she would be now if she, if she were here still. It's like, and then being able to now say that we work with Paul Holes. Yeah. We get to work with a person who had such a hand in bringing closure to that case. It just like, yeah. It's all so surreal. Yeah. This whole experience of course has been, but these pieces of it, like in looking back at stuff like this, it's quite a photo album of memories. Yeah. Where just like very large experience is very like, I'm sorry, what are you saying?


What happened now with Our lives? Yeah. Yeah. All of it. It's gonna be funny when we first bring up Paul Holes in these rewind episodes. That's crazy. I think I remember, I think it's in that apartment, so I think it's coming up soon, right? Yeah. Oh my God. Alright. You wanna do some titles? Sure. What, what's the alternative title that we would have called this podcast? Well, you Sexy Mother 14. I think it's great. It's pretty, it's pretty high up there. We're getting better and better at these and then we're gonna stop. It's so sad. I know. I did say I love Nerds after because I knew what LARPing was. Yeah. And you do love nerds. I really do. You Really do. How could you not?


They're smart. Then There's a word in this episode that we both forgot twice, couldn't remember the word. So let's just call this episode Evidence. Evidence, Evidence. Anybody trying to argue Our Professionalism, our expertise, our whatever. It's like, yeah, we didn't fucking know what we were doing. We still don't. We still don't. We'll still forget that word. And then I say after that, oh no, this is a different thing. I said, we should know these nouns because we were guessing whether something was testimony, clues or evidence. Yeah. The word we couldn't think of. Sure.


I mean, And, I think some are subsets of others. But Yeah, it's truly like this kind of thing of what are we talking about? And then I think what this podcast, the last one is what If, which is basically this podcast. It's like, what if and then it just keeps fucking happening. Yeah. And keeps, keeps unfolding. What if this Is your life? What if you name the craziest thing in the world? It happened. It happened. What if, oh, you wanna write a book one day it happened. You're going to what? What? I can't. I can write a book. Everyone knows I can't. What will be in There? Yeah. That's crazy. Oh Yeah. Memories. Thanks for going down memory lane with us, rewinding with us guys. Yeah. That was episode 14. Yeah.


Quite something. Yeah. We'll keep doing it. If you keep listening. I mean, even if you don't listen, we'll probably keep doing it. Yeah. That's kind of how we've always done it. No matter who's in the room, we're still doing it. That's right. Stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?