
This is exactly right.


You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately, liver MD is here to help Backed by clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver md. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md.org and use code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye, goodbye, Goodbye.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh, yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye


Greetings, homeowner, repeat after me. If my home system or appliance breaks down, American Home Shield will help fix or replace the covered item no matter its age And exhale. Oh, and Home Warranty Plan started 29 99 a month. American Home Shield. Don't worry. Be warranty. Visit ahhs.com/listen for 20% off any plan C ahs.com/contracts for coverage details, including limit amounts, fees, limitations, and exclusions.


Hello And welcome to Rewind with Karen in Georgia. It's Wednesday. It can only mean one thing. It means that we're trapped in your phone and we're forced to recap our old episodes with all new commentary, updates, and insights. And today we are recapping episode 44. Oof. It's named Live from the Chicago Podcast Festival and it it a major page in our scrapbook of life. It is an epic episode. Epic episode. I mean, I feel like I can remember every moment of that day leading up to that show and after I can, yeah, we should post the video that Brandi Posey took from the audience of when we come out on stage and our stunned by the amount of people and the noise, which I could feel in my fucking toes.


Yeah. All right, let's get into it. The Chicago Podcast Festival ended in 2019 and their website is now, now defunct. But we had a great time. And this episode came out on November 23rd. That was the day President Obama awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 people. We did not make the cut. It could have been a clean 23 on the 23rd, but forget it. Let's listen. Anyways, let's Listen anyways. Yeah. To the intro of episode 44. What's Up, Marinos? Yeah. Ah, You're so pr I can't fucking see you. But you're pretty, I don't have a huge speech for this one. 'cause we're gonna keep it pretty simple.


When we decided we were gonna do the Chicago Podcast Festival, this was a show that was very high on our lists. We asked, they said, yes. Please welcome to the stage Georgia Hard star, Karen k Gareth with my Favorite medal. Come on, Come On. You are so drunk. I I'm Are you? No, A little bit. Hi Chicago. I know. Oh, Can I see you later?


It's just gonna be me. A one woman show tonight. Oh, this is crazy. Hi guys. We're very happy to be here. We are. Anyone not know whose voice was who? And it's freaking out right now because you thought it was the other. I'm the one who says fuck a lot. I'm the one that says, look, you know, here's the thing. I didn't know I did that until, you know, you told me. Now I'm gonna think about it all the time. This is fucking not so Yeah.


Exciting. Very exciting. The cool thing is that at some point I'm going to jump into this orchestra pit. It's true. That's what we decided beforehand. We, we draw, we drew straws. We Drew straws. Karen is, and I was like, I'm gonna do the pit jump. I don gonna break. There's no orchestra. Don. She's just gonna hug. Oh, there's no bottom. There's no bottom. Just push you. Can I do a model walk to show off my dress in house? Oh yeah. I got this dress today at Chicago, Michigan Avenue. Nordstrom, I thought you were gonna say shout. I thought Nortrom thought she was gonna say, can I do a monologue Or Yeah.


Can I, could I do one dramatic and one comedic monologue? No, I can, yeah. A short dance. Okay. Go. Wait. Oh, hold this, You guys, I just wish Karen wasn't so shy and I Just, pockets are Oh dude, the greatest. Stop it. People love pockets. Right? It's not just me. And I said that. I texted you that my outfit was, I was gonna cosplay Nancy Saint Stacey. Yes, That's right. Did you re did you recognize Nancy Saint Stacey? But I was gonna wear like eighties heels and I fucking, I just Here Take a, take a walk.


It'll feel good. Yeah. It started off sad. And it ended gray then. Yes. Should we? Yes. Let's sit and talk. Yeah. 'cause this is weird because this Is so weird. Alright, well let's not, should we Not with the Yeah. We shouldn't use these. Yeah. Yeah. Except you're gonna, Although Yeah, No, we should. No, no, you're right. You're right. Right. And Let's do this. When we tell the stories, we will, It's just kind of slimming when you have it in front of you. Buy sex six draws the eye upward. Why didn't we ask for a couch?


I need kick pants. What the fuck? And I Is this a s small top stool? I said give her the one that's wobbly. Whoa. And so she'll look so stupid. No, I'm Stupid. Fine. You'll be fine. I'm fine. Do you wanna sit on the ground? Yeah, I'll sit cross-legged on the ground. We could, I don't know what we're gonna, What were other people doing up here? Perching like a lady. Ugh. Not interested. Let's see. Do you have any, we should do some business, right? Like some That's right.


No more shouting out or I'll have to come out there. But Corrections Corner is that our family isn't a thing up here. Corrections Corner is our, our drunk families up in a box somewhere. Mommy Judging us. You're all All my mommy. Yeah. Clap for the family. Actually. They're All my mommy. Do you have a things written? Karen? You're gonna fucking hear. Here's my corrections corner. It's fine. It'll be funny when I fall. It always is My corrections corner. And this one is one of my favorites of all time. Last week we were talking about, I think we were probably reading a hometown and someone mentioned, I read the name Vincent Lee.


And they were saying like, oh, that's a fucked up murder. And I was like, oh, I gotta look that up. We were both like, I don't know who That is. I know You've done it Right. So many, so many people let, wanted to let me know how I did know what it was. 'cause I'd actually reported on it myself on my own podcast. Yeah. Who would've fucking bunk? I mean, I don't remember their names or whatever. I remember the machete. We don't remember Killers. We remember. We remember feelings, things and thoughts. Qualities. Also, I would like to say people that catch up, people that are behind a little bit. Oh yeah. I fucking now know that Manitoba is not a city.


All right. I know. Now you don't have to keep fucking telling me. Telling her she gets it. It's funny the like corrections we get where we're like, yeah, we know. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I've known that for like two weeks. We're bitch, you guys know that we're total bitches. Right? Like, Like Dad, Winnipeg Daddy. That was my mom. Love you. She's a very tall woman. Oh. Also Steven Ray Morris. Could not be here tonight. Aw. Stevie our audio engineer. But his sister is here. His sister Even better Sister Ray Morris.


Stephanie Ray Morris. And She has no, she's never listened to the podcast and doesn't know that he's like, Steven and I I want us all to like give her, She thinks it's, Let her know. I believe, I think she, she thinks this is a Christian podcast, right. So this is gonna be fun. Yeah. And Elvis' mom is here. Really? No, but I'll give what? That I want that to happen. Like an old cat would come walking Down. Yeah. Half an ear bitten. I just dunno what to do. Wanna get a chair? Should we get a chair chair?


No, no. I'm gonna beat this. I'm gonna beat this stool. Don't even, don't bring it over. Don't do it. Well, we're, so this is, oh, so this is the My favorite Murder podcast in case someone Didn't anyone know that? Thank you for screaming so much. That's Karen And that's Georgia. Yeah, I like that. We're doing it now as if we do that at the top of every show. Yeah. We, we honestly treat every show like we've never done podcasting before. No. Like it, it's like it surprises us every single week. Oh, we should introduce this. Yeah. Oh, Is if Someone just fucking stumbled upon this, like they're changing the radio stations and like, what is This? Yeah, exactly. It's 1961.


These Girls are cursing. What? Look at this baby. Do you have any questions or shout outs or anything you need to talk about? No, I'm petrified right now. Oh, okay. Who wouldn't be? No, this is great. No, no. I mean, fuck man. Everything's the best right now. Right? Right now? Yeah. Yeah. What was the last one we did? Oh yeah. Okay. The, what are you talking about? The Last episode we did? I don't remember at all. Was it Vincent Lee? I don't know. Well, here we are. Nice to face a couple of, It's like two people who didn't do their book report, who are like, anyway, What I love about books is the paper inside.


The problem is you're not gonna know all the like three hours of shit that's edited out of the podcast. Yeah. That's not true. We just let everything go in there. It clearly, we let it all go in, let it go in. Should we talk about Mur murders? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You guys like, it's pretty, who's a murder now? Like for real? Hell fuck. Yeah. I mean, That's called pandering Now we're pandering. I don't think it's our thing though. I'm sitting on it with my butt. Okay, Karen, we're back. I just checked. Manitoba is still not a city. Damn It.


These are the mistakes that like, you just say it casually. Yeah. On a recording nine years previous and it just never goes away. It's always a mistake. Can we talk about a serious thing real quick? Because there's something I remember from that that was like our first real live show in a way that wasn't like, yes, we go on stage and you start showing off your dress and then I go something, I say something like, oh, it's too bad she's not shy. And you later asked me, you said to me, can we not make comments like that that are like undercutting each other? And I remember that so specifically because it was like, I hadn't even realized that that's what it was. That's what I was doing.


It was just like how I had been on stage before in the past. Yeah. And I just, yeah, it really set a precedent, my sink for like, we don't tease, we build each other up in a way. Yeah. Which, you know, it's not like I haven't teased you before. Yeah. But I think it's that thing of like, first of all, it was all like brand new. This idea of what we were doing and how we were doing it and doing it together where it's like we have to real quick become like this vaudeville duo and the way I was taught, and I've said a bunch of these things to you, but it's like there are ways that you can tell the audience like we are all united. And when you do that, they go along with you and they kind of like stay in line.


But if there's breakdown, then the breakdown starts like everywhere. So it's like Acts against who are we against? Who are we rooting for? Exactly. That kind of thing. They have tapped into this podcast because you and I, the way you and I talk to each other. Yeah. And then it's that kind of thing where it's like, it's easy. I do it too. I wasn't saying like, you, this is what you do. And I never do it. It's like this is a trap that it's easy to fall into, right. In comedy. Well I had, you know, in past duos and past relationships had been in that place where it was like there's only room for one person to shine. Yeah. And so you need to play the, you know, doormat almost. And that was the way it was.


And so being able to learn how to do it better and different was really like, valuable for me in my day-to-day life itself. So that was really, really cool. And I think I'm glad it, we figured it out the first time and then just went for it. Well yeah. I am too. And I think those live shows every single time we did them. And I remember one time you said to me where it was like, I would be like telling you something. You're like, yeah, but this isn't tv. This is this whole new thing. And it's like, yep, you're right. Like we can't just take exactly what we know and slam it onto other things. Right. And when something is that new and that like kind of intimidating, it's easy to be like, it has to be my way or it has to be the thing I'm most comfortable with.


And instead it's like, sorry, we have to do improv right now and do a scary thing, which is not know and do it anyway. Because There's no rules. There's no like live there. Especially then was no live podcast, live comedy, true crime podcast rules. Right. To live by. But now it's what we got. Yeah. We Got a, a couple of those going. It was like the thing of like, don't ask the front row a question. 'cause they'll, they'll yell at us for the rest of the show where stuff like that we were like, but I wanted to know what was in their hand. I'm like, of course. Yes. Right. You know, let's do it. Or like, they'll tell me how to pronounce that city if I just ask one of them. Yes. Like, no, no, no. You have to do it in a Controlled way where it's like, it's just you Maureen. You're the only one answering this question.


And here's another thing we learned that I learned because you, I think later said we discussed it. I do not remember this at all. This is like the first and only time I went to a live show in a city and was like, I'm just gonna do any story. Like now we Oh yeah. Think to do a story in Illinois. It didn't even cross my mind. So now when we tour, we do the story that takes place, you know, in and around where we're doing it. Yeah. As close as possible because there's so many fucking stories now it's impossible to Right. Get as close as we want. But so I come in here with this story not thinking like you should do a Chicago story. It's a great Story. Just, I just noticed that It's takes place in motherfucking Texas.


So Yeah. Yeah. Let's get into It. I mean this is how you learn like the old standup outages. Like local jokes get local work. You just, yeah. This is it. You're just like, tell it. Love it. Tell them about themselves. It's about them. That's what they want. However, we wouldn't have the beautiful wonderfulness. That is sweet honesty without this. That's Right. Oh, there was no mistakes made. There was no mistakes made here. And we can tell, you can tell when the jokes are flowing and it all goes so well. Also. Yeah. This is our first live podcast and it goes this way. Like that audience. Yeah. That feeling and that audience. It was, I was finally convinced, even though you had been showing me real good data, right.


For a full year. And I finally was like, oh, this is something. It actually, and My mom was in the audience and my mom and stepdad, it Was just so my sister special, your sister Adrian and Audrey were there. And Brandy, all the lady to Lady Girls were there. Yeah, women ladies. It was very cool. And then it very special again, my favorite murder fully apologizes to the Athenia Theater staff from that night who we made stay at their job like four hours longer than they expected to. Because I invited everyone to say hi to us in the lobby. Like a fucking asshole. Let's Talk about it at the end. Okay. 'cause that was pretty epic too. So, okay, let's get into Georgia's story. This is the Fort Worth three kidnapping.


You know, Georgia, they always tell you to touch grass, to spend time in nature. But what if I told you that nature can be boxed up and delivered right to your door? Well Now you can. Thanks to Fast Growing Trees. Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers new to plants or gardening? No problem. The website has everything you need. Plus each plant comes with clear care instructions. Plus Get support from their trained plant experts who are on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants and learn how to care for them. God, I need to learn how to care for plants. I would love to get this service and just have somebody like teaching me as I have like a beautiful tree or plant in my house. Like actually do this today. This is how you don't kill it. When Do I water it? Yes. What season do I trim it? I don't know. And I don't wanna ask my mom. 'cause then I get a lecture This spring they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals And listeners to our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code MFM at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at Fast Growing Trees dot com. Using the code MFMA, checkout Fast Growing Trees dot com code MFM now is the perfect time to plant Use MFM to save today. Offers valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You just felt a chill in the air and that can only mean one thing. Mother's Day is right around the corner and If you're thinking, wait, did I already give her a sweater last year? Yes you did. Time to mix it up with an Aura frame. Aura Frames come with unlimited storage, so you can send as many photos as you want, straight from your phone to your mom's frame. Aura Frames allows users to curate and share their photos and memories with loved ones, making it a personal and meaningful gift. And you can save the wrapping paper. Every frame comes packaged in a premium gift box with no price tag. These frames are ranked as the number one digital picture frame by Wirecutter. And here's why. They're incredibly easy to set up, update and enjoy. I've given an Ora frame, I think, to every single member of my family and everyone loves to talk about it. It's literally like a icebreaker place to go to start the party. Oh, look at that. Remember that. It's the perfect centerpiece for like a family gathering. And Aura has a great deal for Mother's Day. For a limited time, listeners can save on the perfect gift by visiting aura frames.com to get $35 off plus free shipping on their bestselling carver mat frame. That's Au ra frames frames.com. Promo code MFM. Support the show by mentioning us at checkout terms and conditions apply. Goodbye.


Spring is the season to fall in love with your bra. And honestly, we should all be in relationships that support us as much as honey. Love. Say goodbye to the discomfort of underwire and the bulky construction that digs in. Honey Love's Bras are designed with supportive bonding that eliminates the need for underwire, while still giving you all the lift you want. Check Out their crossover bra. It's their best seller for a reason. It gives you all the support you need without an underwire and it's so comfortable you'll never wanna take it off. Honey Love recently launched their new cloud Embrace Bra, which sold out in days. It's a wireless bra for people who love underwire. And Honey love isn't just about what you wear on top. They're shapewear tanks and leggings are just as comfy and supportive and they actually stay in place. Treat yourself to the most comfortable and innovative bras on earth and save 20% off sitewide@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use Our exclusive link to get 20% off honey love.com/mfm. After You purchase, they'll ask you where you heard about them. So please support our show and tell them we sent you Experience the new standard in bras with honey. Love. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Are you Go go first. I think I'm first. I am. Awesome. I'm put, put my hands in my pockets and put my microphone over here. Would you mind putting your hands in your pocket, Karen? As I tell you, I swore I was gonna belch and it's about to happen. She's gonna do some Robert Durst belches for us. Just, Oh, that was a good one. Did you hear that? Did you, was that really a, That was me. That sounded like a fucking horse. I swear to God. I thought you were like doing a joke. Burp sound. I'm a lady. That was unbelievable. I had a soda pop. If they want to pay us, I'll just say which one it is, But Oh, Not shit girl. Otherwise we don't do branding Otherwise.


Dr. Pepper. Okay. Okay. Ready? Yes. Okay. Are you ready? Yeah. Well now I'm just, now I, that's too much pressure. Alright. Okay. So December 23rd, super near Christmas in 1974. A great year for callers and cords. There you go. Bring us back, Karen. To a time 1974 where the air was filled with lead pollution and everybody had a mustache. Even girls. Yeah, you were sup You were supposed to beat your children.


Yes. You were. Required you had to sign a paper when you left the hospital with the baby that said, I promised to hit this child in the face every day. Yeah. And I'll let anyone hit them too. Yeah, It's fine. Strangers, people on the Street. Yeah, they probably deserve it. So, okay, so three ladies. Renee Wilson. She's 14. Rachel Ika, who's 17? And Julie Ann Mosley. Who's nine go on a shopping trip. Mm. For Christmas presents. Can't be good. Nope. No, they were fine. Let's talk about, anyway, let's talk about Tad Bundy Anyway. Led the Impaler.


So these three girls, they go to a upscale mall, the seminary South Shopping Center. This girl knows it. I hear someone fucking whispering in Fort Worth, Texas. Oh. Oh, Have you been? I just thought I should make a noise like that. Oh, okay. They're supposed to be home by 4:00 PM Guess what? Karen Didn't show up. They didn't show up. They didn't show Up. So Renee and Rachel, the older girls were old friends. Renee asked Rachel to come with her shopping and then Renee's boyfriend was gonna come, but he went to a friend's house.


So his little sister, Julie begs to come. So they bring their, her boyfriend's little sister along. So it's the three of them. They get to the mall, she, Rachel Parks her car at the top of the fucking car park, Oldsmobile. And they go shopping. People see them because, and this needs to be our new shirt. She's wearing a shirt that says Sweet Honesty. What? That's 1974 for you. What the fuck? It's like, fuck what Stoner put that thing together. Sweet honesty. And you, it was like crazy cursive with the Oh, totally. Y on the honesty. Did like three loop to lose Glitter. Like all around it. Just on the Tits. Yeah.


No bra. No Bra. No bra. Didn't have to Seventies tits. Like that's a thing. Yeah, For sure. They were real low. So a, a ton of people see them at the mall, people because people see her shirt, whatever the fuck. And then that evening families get worried as they do, they go out looking for the girl and they find her car where she parked it on the roof of the small area. And in the car, the car is locked and inside of the presence. Oh, so at some point they went to the car, put the presence in there, locked the car, and then what? Right?


Yes. I dunno, you have to tell me. So they're freaking out. The next day a letter comes in the mail and it goes to Rachel's husband's house. Now Rachel, who was 17 and married, What? What? Yeah. Wait, is that sweet honesty? That's the other one even. Okay. A 14-year-old is wearing a sweet honesty shirt. Fuck. Ugh. Don't let your babies Grow up to be sweet. Honesty. For real. She's married. Okay. To this dude. Alright. Her, this dude, her husband was dating her older sister beforehand. Look, it happens.


Yes. Guilty. They break up these, her little sister and her boyfriend get married and then the sister's living with them at the time. What? No. Like we all know where this is. Like we know. Wait, is the, are you just talking out an episode of Game of Thrones and saying, saying it happened in Fort Worth? Never seen it. No. This is Dallas. I'm talking about Dallas. Yeah, right. Okay. But no letter comes in the mail. Why is he checking his fucking mail the day after his wife gets fucking kidnapped? You think he should have avoided that mailbox? I mean, why are you checking it? He loves mail.


It's the only thing that made him feel better fucking catalogs and postcards. Fair enough. Well, he goes to his mailbox and he finds a letter from her, supposedly from Rachel says, I know I'm gonna catch it. Which is like the cutest phrase I've ever heard in my life. Like, Catch some Shit. I know I'm gonna catch it. Say it. I Know I'm gonna catch it. I'm gonna know I'm gonna catch it. But we just had to get away. We're going to Houston See you in about a week. The cars in Sears upper lot love Rachel. I Right, I know. So like, he gets that letter, her name is kind of misspelled. His name is Seriously set that up.


Her First name is misspelled. Yeah. A little bit misspelled. Like No, it ha I i look, I've done that so many times where it's like, KA, What is it? I wanna make fun of that. But recently my, my manager emailed me was like, Hey, you're, your name's spelled wrong and you're real. And I was like, what are you talking about? I looked at it and it said G-E-O-R-I-G-A. Oh, I fucking spelled my own goddamn name wrong. That was like georga Gilga. That's like, it's been Like three years and I didn't notice it. So Fair enough. Once you change it, you're gonna get so many jobs. People have been like, I wanna hire her for the million dollar thing, but I can't find her or name spelled Wrong.


No, There goes a million dollars. So it does happen. It, this Isn't crazy. It happens. Let's be fair. Okay, so her husband was married to the beagle rah. The family thinks that the, the letter or like, that's not her handwriting. And she spelled her fucking name wrong. And in addition To back that up, So they, so the stamp had been stamped, you know, like cleared at the thing at the post office and then get that morning. So someone sent that thing the night before, or on the 24th of when it showed up, which I'm like, if you're just, If you just kidnap three people randomly, you're not gonna bother to let the family know that.


No, You kidnap and you get straight to that correspondence. Yeah. Fucking like that's to, that's to throw people off. Yeah. That's not like a serial killer who's like grabbing three people and doesn't give a shit. Right? No, that's like an anal retentive serial killer. That's like a leave us alone for a minute. Right. Serial killer. You mean can I have some privacy while I write my letters? Can I have some privacy While like To sit at my secretary's desk and just write out with a feather pen Like Right after I kidnapped them though. You know what I mean? It's weird. I get it. All right. Yeah. So people saw them that day because clearly she had a sweet honesty shirt on.


And like, how are you gonna miss that one a 14-year-old? And a like, that sounds like a stripper name. Nothing. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with strippers. It's just a name. Just a name that strippers on. It's quite, it's sweet and honest. So a woman, a woman tells a store clerk that she saw some men hustle the girls into a pickup truck, but police never located that witness. Another says that the girls had been spotted in a security patrol car. Mm. So in 1981, which was, let's do math was just like so many years later. Six, Six plus one is seven Years later.


Seven, Seven years later, a man, a man randomly comes around and he is like, Hey, I saw a girl, I saw, I saw a man forcing them into a van that day. You fucking dick. Like, what The fuck were you? Where were you? Oh, In 81. I just like popped into my head that these fucking girls were being forced into a van. He had so much stuff on his mind. Christmas, there was Tons of littering back then, but The guy in the van told him, he goes, Hey, it's a family dispute, don't worry about it. And that's why he never told it till he was till 81. Yeah. I mean like, can you eat? I can't even, well, Because you know, it was like back then if your family was fighting about something, you could throw them in a van forcibly at the mall.


True. It was done. How Many people out here have like seen that and just never told anyone about it? And that was a family dispute. Okay. Your family's Yeah. Psychopaths. Anything. I will call the police just if I see a van, I don't give a fuck. I don't care. I'd be like, it's clearly a bread truck. I don't care. Yeah. Call 9 1 1. Karen does citizen's arrest all over town All the time. Exhaust. I'm, I won't exhausted even believe her now. Her, her brother says, Rachel's brother says that there's been sightings all over the Fort Worth area. You know, it's one of those like they were white slaves. Like, people keep saying that some of the sightings.


What hap Someone doesn't like that. It doesn't matter. Oh shit. If someone's mad about something, we said, okay. And they hired a private detective to look for it. He committed suicide in 1979. No, when your fucking private detective commits suicide, like, come on. You're like, no, we are the ones that are mourning. Yeah. And he was like, he had a will that said like, destroy my records when I die. They destroy the records, commit suicide, then fucking destroyed Records. They're like, you know what, we're just gonna sweep all this under the rug and we think that's the way we're gonna handle all, all of this. Yeah. You know what we're gonna do?


We're gonna be the of the eighties. Okay. So these fucking chicks are never found. So wait, Sorry. Now we're in the eighties. We're that far Ahead? No, 79. That happened. I just, I said the eighties as like a thing. Sorry, Sorry, sorry. It just seemed I'm not questioning you. I guess you are. It's our first fight here in Chicago. It's the place to do it. Okay. So They, they were never found. Spoiler alert. I'm sorry, that sucks. It blows. But there's two suspects that I find very interesting. So Mike Debar De Ben read that. Read that. Hold on, let me get my readers.


Mike Debar. Ben Eben. What? I say. Thank you. It really is what it says. That wasn't just you kind of having fun. That Was a copy and paste. No, no, no. That Was a copy and paste. So this dude gets arrested for passing counterfeit bills and then the cops found evidence of sex crimes, including him taking photos of him raping and murdering humans. Oh yeah. Thank you. Oh, you didn't know. That's what the whole fucking podcast is about. Someone's like, wait, what? I thought you were gonna talk out the story of the Wizard of Oz. No, it's all this bad.


The FBI profilers think that when the face is seen in the photo, he kills them when the face isn't seen, he loves 'em to live. And you're like, come on, you fucking dick. Okay, so here's the, the tie in is that he's a convicted kidnapper rapist. Counterfeiter. And suspected serial killer was the habit of passing counterfeit bills in shopping malls. He was operating around Texas around that time and was known to impersonate security guards and other positions of authority. Remember that chick was like, I saw security guard driving them in his van. Right. Because like, who, what girl back then isn't going like, go with, Oh my God, my bell chicken.


Go with the security Guard it do it into the microphone next time. Okay. We accept you. My mom is here. Oh, that's right. Sorry. This is what you raised. Yeah. I mean, okay. So a guy comes over and he's like, She see that? Yeah. That was awesome. That's good podcasting right there. Yeah. That's the kind of shit you can't see when you're listening. Yeah. Say thank you. She's like the David Blaine of paper. Okay. So like back then you guys like, I saw you shoplifting. I'm an, I'm a security guard. And you're like, no I didn't. And he's like, come with me. You know? And he makes someone come with him. Yeah. You Go, it's like he has a blue shirt on with a belt.


Yeah. And then you're like, oh, I guess you're in charge. Yeah. I guess I have to fucking do whatever you say. There's No stranger danger. There's don't fucking, don't fucking talk back to authority. That's right. That's what that was back then. Yes. So You just get in the car. Yep. Goodbye. Sweet honesty. Sweet honesty. She didn't understand. It's actually, you should sweet kick him in the dick Is what I Should have said. You guys pepper spray first and fucking apologize later. Right. Geor these days. George's favorite thing to say is, should I pepper spray that guy? It's my, it makes me laugh so hard. I can't remember where we were, but you were just like, do I need to pepper spray this guys like, please don't.


Not right now. Why not Just spray it around like room freshener in your mouth Beyond ign, what is it called? Baka. Uhuh. Let's do this. Okay. So he is in known to impersonate serial security cars, not serial killers and other positions of authority. He lived within a half mile of Rachel, one of the girls who disappeared at the time of the disappearance. And then I wrote, fucked up. He earned the respect of the FBI profilers because he never gave himself away in unguarded moments. No. Nor bragged about his exploits. So the fucking FBI was like good on him that he never told anyone That.


Well it was like a healthy respect for the enemy where, because usually they brag like you usually Yeah. But I, I don't respect them for not getting it out of this dude. If their fucking killer is smarter. Are we gonna, should I not talk shit about the FBI probably. I know It's, it's a sensitive time. Do it someone yell. You fucking do it. Listen, love those guys. I'm just saying this dude was a serial Killer. We're gonna do a show at the FBI at Quantico next month. The murder and our government, you guys. Okay. The other dude who I think is just the fucking dude. Lloyd Welch is a drifter and a hitchhiker.


Lord Lloyd. Oh, sorry. That would be cool though. He's like a lord Lord Welch. But in Texas, lord of the bad manners because he the bad manners, that's what gets cut out usually. Okay. He's recently been charged around that. Oh. So recently around now he's been charged with the murder of the Lion Sisters. There's two girls and you're shaking your head. I can see it. Catherine, who was 10 and Sheila who was 12, disappears from a Marilyn mall in 1975. Oh, okay. It's exact same Mo Mo at the time of his arrest Child.


No, Hell, at the time of his arrest, he's starting a lengthy prison sentence in Delaware for child sexual abuse. So he's a real fun guy. Ugh. Like a prize. Yeah. Mom's proud. Good stuff. So in December, 2014, here's another fucking asshole. Welch's cousin tells detectives that he had helped Welch so that they never found the, the Lion Sisters. They were like, where? You know, these girls got kidnapped from 'em all. Never found them in 2014. Welch's cousin is like, well one time I helped him with two heavy duffle bags in 1975. Dude it gets worse. They met at a property in Virginia. He said he helped to remove two army style duffle bags from Welch's vehicle.


Each bag weighed about 60 or 70 pounds and smelled like death. What The fuck? It was probably camping equipment. It gets musty. You know how when your cousins ask you to help you burn or bury something and you're like, I'm just not asking questions. I mean, look, we're all cousins. We have to be at Thanksgiving together. Just be chill. It'll be so awkward if I'm like, what's in these? And you're like, I don't wanna tell you. Come on, don't unzip that. It's my, it's my murder duffle. He tells, He tells in 2014 and then, oh, and he said further the bags were covered in red stains. It's probably Kool-Aid.


Was he blind and deaf? And then at in 2014, he came to, yeah, he Came. It all snapped back. Yeah. Miraculously. And, okay. So Lloyd Welch happens to be, he happens to work. At the time he was like a drifter, but he worked for a traveling carnival company. Guess where they set up all the time in the seventies Inside a duffle bag And no Where In malls. And he was in Austin, Texas until around 75. These carnival set up in malls from the mid seventies to 97. I'm just trying to picture a, A mall carnival.


And it's like, oh honey, bumming me out so bad. Yeah. You know how your parents always wore, like, they were always like, those rides are gonna kill you. They also didn't say, those ride people are gonna kill you. Yes. Right. Basically everything over there is gonna kill you. Yeah. Everything your, your mom, like your parents told you to worry about and you were like, you're being annoying and no, they'll kill You. They're dead on. Yeah, dead on. It's So annoying when your parents are right. Yeah. So in 20, in July, 2015, Welch is indicted charged with the girl's murder. His uncle is a person of interest. Yeah. The devil bad guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, so here's another thing. So he's in malls, baby blah. He's long time girlfriend at the time, dated for over 10 years.


We're always on the road together, et cetera, et cetera. She was a security guard at a mall. Oh, like for the real deal? Yeah. Borrowed her outfit. What's up? Stole those kids. No One had some good dance moves. Yeah. Oh. And then in 2001, a secure, a former Sears security guard and Fort Worth police officer gives a chilling account. He says that he witnessed girls climb into a pickup truck of a young mall security guard. And that they appear to go with him willingly. Goodbye. Thank you.


I mean, that's just Fucked. Yeah. Never found, Never found in the other two girls that were murdered. That was never prosecuted Either. Yeah. But do we know that the husband and sister weren't involved? The brother thinks that the sister was involved. I'd like to bring all of Texas up on charges for this story. There's kind no one's innocent in this. It seems like. I think he wouldn't be wrong. But also it's so wait, somebody had, the girlfriend was a real security guard so they could have been borrowing badges and shit and stuff to Totally. To make it look real. Totally. Or maybe she was com complicit, complicit. Maybe she was complicit and fucking was like, get in my car girls and they got in her car. You know? Yeah.


All right, so don't go to the mall. Don't talk to security guards. Don't don't, Don't wear your sweet honesty shirt ever. No. Ever. No sweet honesty anymore. Stop it. Don't do it. I have to say, those cold cases drive me crazy. 'cause I know I love them. There's no, I know that's your favorite. There's just no, We should set up like a red phone on stage in case somebody finds out Can call us. Us immediately comes through, ring through and be Like, Lord Welch. Oh my God. Oh good. You guys. And then, and then like the balloons drop and confetti comes down. Yes. And we all dance And dance. Well, good one. That was a good one. Thank you. Clap for George's.


Where you going? What? Oh, I thought you were leaving. I was just giving you your time in the spotlight. Oh No. Okay. We are back. Georgia, do you have updates for this case? I have a couple updates. One really important thing we need to talk about is that Sweet Honesty t-shirt. We had no idea what it was. I'll never forget that now though, because I have sweet honesty merch in my house now that listeners have given us. Yeah. So Sweet Honesty was an Avon perfume available from 1974 to 78. It was advertised as the Innocence Fragrance of First Love to like tweens.


I think so. That's why she had that shirt on. I have multiple bottles that have been gifted to me of sweet honesty. It stinks so bad, but it is so cool. And I just love that we have a connection now to a vintage Avon perfume. I mean, and people having those memories because it's the kind of thing where like Growing up at a certain amount of time, your mom had this one product where you're like, Oh my God, that triggers all these things. Oh, Gina Te. Yeah, for sure. Oh my God. The first time I splashed Gina Tail my legs, it burned so bad. I was like, what is happening? What was the perfume? I used to have my mom when we'd spend every other weekend at my dad's house, you know, and I'd bring my pillow with me and I have my mom spray.


She had, it was Georgio. She wore Georgio perfume. Oh yeah, the yellow one. Yep. And I made her spray it on my pillow because I missed her so much so I could smell it while I was trying to fall asleep in my dad's apartment on a cot, on an army cot. Oh man. Thanks Dad. Sorry dad. Yeah. Okay. Back to the story though. This one is like just has always stuck with me. Obviously, you know, it's a cold case. And those are near and dear to my heart. It's been 50 years since Rachel, Renee and Julie went missing, and the case remains unsolved. Their families have continued the search and received many leads over the years. But nothing's panned out. In 2023, a woman came forward to Rachel's younger brother and claimed that her dad forced her to write that original letter.


Yeah. After they went missing. And she believed he was responsible, her dad was responsible, but nothing came of it. And the brother was like, I hear stories like this all the time. And Julie's brother Terry Mosley told Fox seven that he believes that quote, the only way the case will be solved is if the person that did it comes forward and can prove they did it. Unless something like that happens, I don't think it'll ever be solved. Yeah. But I want to recommend a book. So one of the suspects in the case is Lloyd Welch and I actually not that long ago, read a book about him because he was suspected and I think eventually tried for another Missing Girls case. It's called The Last Stone, A Masterpiece of Criminal Interrogation by Mark Boin.


And it's an excellent, true crime read. I highly recommend it. And I think this guy's a really good suspect for this case. Wow. It's just, he's an awful human being. The Idea that he got tried for a different similar crime. Yeah. Two girls missing from a mall. Ugh. Yeah. Just, yeah. Horrifying. All right. Well, my Fort Worth Texas disappointment location disappointment was luckily, I think turned around because when you announced that you're gonna do this Chicago area story, the crowd fucking lost it. Right? Let's get into Karen's story about none other than John Wayne Gacy.


You know, Karen, you think you know everything about your mom until you hear the story about the time she dropped your brother on accident when he was a baby. It's True. Yeah. And that's the magic of StoryWorth. It helps you uncover those hidden family gems that never came up at dinner. Here's How it works. Each week, StoryWorth emails your loved one, a thought provoking question, which you get to help pick. And the writing process is a breeze. All your loved one has to do is respond to the email with a story. Long or short, it doesn't matter. It's all about capturing their memories. At the end of the year, StoryWorth compiles all their stories and photos into a beautifully designed hardcover keepsake book. This book becomes a family treasure that you can revisit and share for generations to come. I don't have this problem, but I know a lot of people do. Their family doesn't talk about personal stuff. It just doesn't happen. You and I don't understand that though. No, it's hard to get your mom or dad or grandparents or you know, whoever to open up. Yeah. This is a really great way. Ask some specific questions and they'll tell you these answers that you never would've gotten just by asking them at the dinner table. So give all the moms in your life a unique, heartfelt gift you'll all cherish for years. StoryWorth, Right now, save $10 on your first purchase when you go to storyworth.com/mfm. That's storyworth.com/mfm to save $10 on your first purchase. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Not everyone who handles your personal information is going to be as careful as you are. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a new victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can help protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Spring always shows up like a group text. Too many plans, not enough time to respond cooking grocery shopping. No, thank you. That's why Hungry Root exists. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped into one. That's right. They'll take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored to you. Most of Hungry Rich recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less. And with over 15,000 recipes shipped Each week, there's something for every taste and nutrition preference. I'm the kind of person who doesn't look for something to eat or start cooking and telling, I'm already starving. So I need these quick little meals more than anyone I know. So you have a quick veggie stir fry, for example. You have a nice salad, a nice hummus, and eggplant pita sandwich. Those are things I can prep and throw together really quickly to just put in my mouth because I'm already starving. And I love that about Hungry Root. And you're gonna love Hungry Root. Take advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungry Root dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. That's Hungry Root dot com slash mfm code mfm to get 40% off your first box. And a free item of your choice for life Hungry Root dot com slash mfm. Code mfm. Goodbye.


I hate this fucking stool. Sorry. We Sorry. Say that about your stool. That chair. Stand and stand and deliver. I'm gonna stand and sta and deliver. Well, I, I did a very pry thing and I picked a Chicago murderer. You think you're better than me? What's that? I said, you think you're better than me. That's right. But also because there were so many choices. A lot of people love, they love to talk about how like Pacific Northwest. Oh, you have so many murders in San Francisco. Hello Chicago. You guys want to kill everybody buddy?


The time Chicago just doesn't brag about it. That's right. They're just low key. Yeah. Like yeah. Well they're just like, yeah, let's go have a beer. I don't need to talk about that. Well, how are you doing? More importantly, we don't need to talk about the torso murders. How are you doing? I bought Kill. No, that's not here. Nevermind. It's Cleveland anyway. Sounds about right. So was, there was a lot Lippy, there was a lot of choices to choose from and there was a lot of favorites. But I actually had to go with, this is my original, the reason I got into reading serial killer books and watching True crime shows, fucking John Wayne Gayle.


And I know this because she accidentally told me in the hotel room I, it slipped out in the hotel room. What, what was the context of that? You Were talking about how the, the, the hotel concierge was like you had to print out your notes. Oh yeah. And she was like, If you like John Wayne Gacy, you'll love this tour. And, and then I was like, oh Fuck yeah. That's all I said. Nothing. There was nothing else for, Yeah. So I don't know the dates. Yeah, but I'm about to hear them. You're about to hear them. And you may have heard me say this before, but the first thing I ever saw about John Wayne Gacy, 'cause If, you know, he buried the bodies of teenage boys that he murdered inside his house. And when the police arrested him finally and he, he was able to draw a diagram of his house and he knew where every single boy was in the house.


And there were 27 of them. I bet the FBI didn't respect him after that. That's Right. They were like, oh, look at braggy Bragger Stein over there. Take it easy. So I saw when I was like, probably 12, I opened a book, good Age to See this shit. It's a perfect age for True Crime. Opened a book. And they had drawn based on the diagram that John Wayne Gacy had drawn. They had, because he, they just used like long rectangles to show where the bodies were. And some artist had basically drawn body shapes.


Like it almost looked like a chalk outline, but like body shapes in a house diagram. So that's, I like was Oh, childhood. And you know, Johnny loves Chachi and fucking this and that. And I looked down at this thing and I'm like, why are those boys floating in those boxes? And then I read underneath it and it's like, you know, 27 bodies were buried inside this house. And I was just like, okay, now I know that. And now I must know more and I won't stop Adding that to Charlotte's Web and all the shit you already knew. That's right. Some pig.


So let's talk about fucking good old John. Also the middle name Wayne. Yeah. Is very common in serial killer world, which I think is kind of great that he, why is that got in there? I don't know. But he, they named him John Wayne Gacy. 'cause his mom loved John Wayne. The actor Red Flag. Right. Not a good sign. No. That she loved film. So John Wayne Gacy was born on March 17th, St. Patrick's Day, 1942 at Edgewater Hospital in Chicago, Illinois. Anyone Edgewater, anyone Else Born there?


You guys worked there or were you also born there with him? He was the second of three children. He had an older sister and a younger sister. And his father was a machinist who had been in World War I. And he was a very bad alcoholic. So the story was that his dad would come home from work and he would go down into the basement and drink brandy, which sounds classy. But they would have, they would, the mom would make dinner and then they will, I'll sit at the dinner table and wait for him to come upstairs and see how he felt.


Well I bet when he came up he was real happy and everyone was like, we can finally talk about Brandy. Brandy. Well, no. Oh god. Instead, normally he would come up drunk and very angry and he would beat them with a strap for dinner. So I'm good tonight on strap. You know, I'm So full of strap from last night. Dad, you can give it to her though If you want. She's Real hungry for strap. And part of what they say, they think what fueled his rage is that John was basically a mama's boy and he liked that. You know, the father was into fishing and hunting and man, man, man.


And John liked to cook and he liked to be in the kitchen with his mom. He liked planting flowers in the garden. Things that in like the late forties apparently brought deep shame upon you and your ancestors and were unacceptable and made you drink brandy and beat children. So it Sounds like the norm back then though. You know? Yeah, I think it is. It's like everybody has to fit into their box. Yeah. And If you don't, I'm gonna punch you in the face even though you're eight. Alright. And then I wrote down there, toxic masculinity ruins the party again. Can't wait to see that meme.


Then when, when John was nine, he was molested by a family friend and then when he was 11 he was hit in the head rock with A baseball bat. What? With a swing. With a swing. Exactly. Like Richard Ramirez with a swing. Yes, yes, Yes. You know what bumps Like he got to nine, he was so fucking close to like not getting molested. Ugh. Like you're so close. Yeah. And then some fucking shitty neighbor, like your dad's fucking work friend, family friend. Yeah. All comes along. You're So close to getting and then a fucking swing. Yeah. Were they like done that swing ISN that in a metal. Back then, like They probably were made out of like seven pounds of metal.


You're like, this'll really center this swing nicely. Yeah. And it's lead, so If you lick it, you're gonna die. So, but he also had a bad heart, so he was prone to fainting spells, which didn't help with the whole also gardening and cooking thing. I'm like, like he's just like taking five every once in a while type of stuff. And the, so we just felt white. He is all fucked up. Then to add to the household tension, John had a secret fetish for women's underwear.


Oh. So he would steal his mother's silk panties and put them hold on in a bag in the, and in a brown bag in the back of the closet. And he would That's, that was his like panty stash. Mommy's panty stash. That said, he just stashed them. He's, well, I'm, I mean, who am I to say that he masturbated all over them? That's what I was looking for. That's Hearsay. Yes, because I am, I have a fetish for panties. I, I buy a bunch of them and I wear them as underwear. Not the same, You know, Victoria's not the same. Whatever the Fuck. You buy a bunch of 'em and then stick 'em in a brown bag No. And tuck them into the back of your car. No, I don't, I Don't do that.


And then I kill people. Yeah. So he, he told one of his friends that he, he had them, he showed them to a friend of his and then said he wanted, he wished he could know what he looked like as a woman. Oh. Never trust anyone. So then his sister found that brown bag Yeah. In the closet. And she told the mom, and the mom was like, oh, Johnny's always had a fetish for Panties. So she was quite progressive actually. Just very nice to hear. Yeah. But not helpful in any way. So, Okay. So when he, so he had a hard time in school.


He wasn't popular. He fainted a lot. He was always thinking about those underwear. And then he would, when he was nine, he never graduated from high school. He went to four different high schools around the greater metropolitan area. And then he never graduated. And when he was 19, he just left town. He moved to Las Vegas without telling his family bar car. That sounds like what you're supposed to do. Yeah. When you live in the Midwest. That's right. Bye. No, I mean, like, get outta your small town. I don't mean not you guys. They just all come rushing to the stage. Yeah. Don't worry. They'll fall into the orchestra pit. We're totally say ah, ah. So here's the thing.


So he gets a job in Las Vegas and like, I was thinking about this, like the first job you get out of high school, it's usually based on the thing you kind of like the most, or the thing that you're into. So like, I worked at a yogurt shop because I fucking love eating so much. I Worked at a bakery. Did You? Yeah. And well, John became a janitor at a mortuary. Yeah. 'cause it was his passion Oh dear. The dead. And he actually later admitted to the police that when he worked there one night, he, that's right. No, no. He got into a coffin with a, the body of a dead boy and fondled it, it gets so much worse.


There's 47 pages right here. A lot of this is my poetry I'm gonna read later. All right. His parents actually hire a private investigator to find him. Wow. And they find him in Vegas. My Parents wouldn't do that. Did yours? I know, right? They'd be like, well, good luck. I mean, if you've gotta be in Vegas, fondling dead bodies, then live your dreams. He came back to Chicago and he went to business college and it turned out he was a born salesman because he is a psychopath. Right. We're learning as we talk on this podcast all about terminology and what it actually means as opposed to what I think it means and say it means Yeah.


To a whole shit load of people And then people we didn't know. We're learning that. People believe us when we say shit. Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah. So I think we've taught, like psychosis. I've mixed up psychosis and psychopath. I I, I had the thing where I told people that 25% of the population were sociopaths. People do not like that. And Like, and in Corrections Corner, she said that it was only one quarter. Yes. Yeah. I fixed it. I was like, okay, I didn't fucking question. Everything's Fine. You know, anyone can do a podcast, right? Anybody? Yeah. Anyone gets a back. Anyone. It's true. So, but for this, I looked it up because clearly we know that these, these major players are usually psychopaths.


And their thing is that they're very ambitious. It's like they just wanna get ahead. They're very, very charming. Which apparently John Wayne Gacy was very charming and like had the gift of Gabby's Really? He's very, you know, like, he just made people feel very comfortable. And then he had insatiable sexual appetite. So he was kind of always doing things so that he could Those All sounds so like time consuming, you know, like it makes me wanna take a nap. Yeah. He had to, he had to like, take vitamins. Yeah. And just really like, make sure you got enough water and stuff. You know what's Great is taking a nap with a cat. Like, I don't know, you don't need to be super sexual or talky or fucking cool. You just relax. You just Go to sleep.


Yeah. Well, not John, as far as I know, I mean, good for him. Kind Of. What if he was like a crazy cat lady? He is like, Oh my God, I have like 12 cats. I love it. He worked at the Nun Bush Shoe Company here in Chicago. Anyone? No. Oh, Karen, did They shut it down? Steven, Can we edit that out please? Steven, can we turn that part up? Where no one supported me? He was very good at it. And he ended up getting transferred to Springfield, Illinois. Oh, big time, right? Are you representing from Springfield?


No. Well, then you moved The fuck outta the fuck, right? I was fucking right. And he joined a group called the jcs. You can cheer for it now. I just don't believe that you're Actually behind it. Was it the John Gacys? The, the J They're all John Gacys. No, the jcs. That's JGs fuck. Sorry. I mean, mom, this Is your fault. Jesus. The jcs, from what I can gather, which there is almost no information. I think they might be the Illuminati because it just is a website, a weird blue website that's like, we're a nonprofit organization to help for the city.


And it's like, what? But why? And based on who. And like, there's no answers. Just young people in jackets that are like the jcs. So he was in the jcs and he made a lot of like, contacts and like, you know, I guess made friends or whatever, very active. And that's when you hear about John Wayne Gacy, that he was like, you know, he lived this crazy double life because he was all successful and you know, was in parades and shit. Well, I think it was like, it was based in the jcs. That's how it started. And he was so on in, in February, 1964, he meets a shy bookkeeper and a year later he marries her.


And she has a very wealthy family. It turns out he, it's an incredibly beneficial marriage to him. I wanna say a, a shy bookkeeper as to what bookkeepers are usually like, which is fucking add. I can job nuts. So yeah, A lot of theater students become bookkeepers. And then So she's wealthy. Yeah. Okay. And so he's like, that's so weird. I'm in love with you. What a, what a great coincidence. So later that year, so they get married in, oh no, sorry. They meet in February of 64. They get married soon after, and then later that year. Oh, this is, I this is mathematically impossible shit.


Later. It's, I have later that same year while his wife is in the hospital giving birth to their first child. But I'm pretty sure, no, unless, but he Could have knocked her up before. Oh girl John, you dog, basically she gets pregnant with her first child. She's in the hospital giving birth. You know, back then I was like, men didn't have to be in the delivery room. They weren't, you know, they were smoking women didn't Even have to be there. They just like knocked you the fuck out. That's right. You're like, baby, let me know when the baby comes. Well, he actually was at a bar around the corner of the phone, his coworker sounds, he ended up fucking that night while his wife was giving birth, wakes up in the apartment the next day, gets dressed, goes to the hospital and holds his newborn son.


Yeah. So this is the beginning of his double life. And then in 1966, his father-in-law says, If you move to Waterloo, Iowa, I will, I will kill you from the audience. She's just scared. 'cause she was thinking about something that happened earlier. Oh, there was a, a spider. There was a spider on her seat. Yeah, there was a Spider. The father-in-law says If you move to Waterloo, Iowa, you can have three Kentucky fried chicken restaurants. Oh my God. Am I right with the fucking Waterloo chicken? I would Do that.


So He goes there to manage these. He's 24 point holy shit. And the funniest thing is, when you watch these, I mean, there's a million, what do you call documentaries about him? He always looks 53. Yeah. Like from, from fucking jump. When there's pictures of him as a boy, you're like, is that the oldest boy in America? He's just, he he at the Kentucky Fried Chickens, they say he's like a good manager and he does very well in the job, but he makes his employees call him the colonel. Oh, what a fucking nerd. Can You believe if, if he's, if I was standing there with my dumb apron on like working Kentucky Fried Chicken, he is like, I'm your new manager, but you gotta call me the colonel.


I'd be like, see you fucking later, Colonel. I don't work here anymore. But You know, he thinks it's like fun. I'm like, you can call me this. But every time you don't, he is like, call me This. I said, call Me. And she comes home from a hard day of work and she's like my 24-year-old fucking boss. I'm 53. I just fit. Keeps telling me to call him the fucking colonel. He also loves boys. Yeah. So he's quickly becomes a well liked member of the community. That's what he does. What he's good at. Has he, he joins the jcs in Waterloo. They're everywhere now. You're gonna see them everywhere. It eventually turns into Scientology.


And they said he became the most valuable member of the jcs because he got put in charge, who's the chair, the chairman of the membership drive. And what he would do is to get people to join the jcs would have them meet in a motel room and show stag movies and bring prostitutes and have orgies. That sounds amazing. And then people would be like, sure, I'll join the fucking jcs. Let's do this. Yeah. Like what did it take to become the most valuable, valuable member back then? It's Just, just like some money for prostitutes. Oh yeah. Fucking sex workers. Sorry. Sex workers back then. I think they were prostitutes. So historical. So, oh. Then his sister in one of these documentaries talks about, she finds out when they go visit them one time that him and his wife swap partners like that.


They're, that they're, what is that called? Swingers. They're swingers. Like Vince Vaughn and his friends, we don't Even know what that means. And we're like kind of proud of it. He tells his sister when they're visiting. I was like, yeah, we're gonna go to this party tonight, but we might go home with other people. It's like, okay, You know, you're both gross. Right. You know, I know about the underwear and the bag. Right? Yeah. And then he is voted the jcs Man of the year. So Call me Colonel. So then in, when he is in Waterloo, he ends up, his wife goes outta town. He invites the 15-year-old son of a fellow JC and a state senator over to the house to watch a stag film and get drunk.


And he molest this boy, No shit. And Then he told him, you can't tell on me 'cause I have ties to the mafia in Chicago. Here's 50 bucks. Keep your mouth shut. And it works for a little while. It works for long enough so that he molests the second boy. Fuck. And then finally one boy breaks, and then the other one does. And he gets arrested and he gets sent to prison probation for 10 years. Okay. The prison psychiatrist recommends that he not be released ever as he was a sexual sadist and could never be rehabilitated. And, but he was so well behaved that they, he served 18 months.


Oh yay. Fucking fuck man. Oh, His wife divorces him. She's like, yeah, The swinging thing was one thing. Yeah, but what the fuck? Oh my God. So he goes back to Chicago while he's in jail, his father dies, has a heart attack and dies. And he's convinced it's because of what he did, which is probably true. So he goes and moves in his mother helps him buy a house, and they move in together and he's like trying to, you know, make good on all of his bad behavior. Good luck with that. So they buy a house at 8 2 1 3 West Summerdale Avenue in the Norwood Wood Park.


Anyone live there at that house? But for real though, you can't cheer If you don't actually live there. And We're all going there right now. And then in June of 1971, he starts his infamous contracting company business, I should say called PDM, which stands for Painting, decorating and Maintenance. What does it really stand for? Pedophile Penis. Karen Just, it stands for penis. But he put DM after just to throw people off. And here's the thing, he basically only bought hires teenage boys to work for him.


Red flag. And when, I mean really, and when anybody ask him about it, he's like, they're more reliable than grown men, teenage boys in the seventies. Alright. Okay. There's like literal movies made about teenage boys in the seventies. Being unreliable. Being unreliable. So, okay, so in January of 1972, when he is 29 61, he picks up, he's single now. So he doesn't have to, no one's checking on him. I don't think his, his mother's really paying attention party. So one night he goes to the Greyhound bus station and he picks up a teenage runaway named Tim McCoy.


And he takes him back to his house where they party. They have sex. It's a, they believe that part was consensual. But then Gacy grabs a kitchen knife and stabs him to death. So this is his first kill. And he's also the first body that's buried in the crawlspace. Holy. And because he was a runaway, no one ever knew the boy was missing. So the cops were never alerted. Poor Baby. So then, well the next line is, and he remarries the woman named Carol. Yeah. It's Very easy for him to date for some reason. It's so funny how much more these people have their shit together than you.


And I like, It's just, you mean me? You're married. No, I mean us. No, I heard, I heard what you're Saying. I'm married by a, the string of my teeth. What did they say? I mean, It was a friend of his sister's from high school and his, the sister of, again, in a documentary is like, I mean, I didn't really see you know them together, but, you know, they seem happy. So, and it's just like, oh, all right. Oh, so basically he's just using Hi her as Body armor. Yeah. And then just like going about his day. So in 1975 is when he starts dressing up infamously as Pogo the Clown. Now everybody's seen the pictures, but If you haven't, if you're from Norway or whatever, Has anyone, Wow.


They don't do that. He dressed up as a clown, but he did the makeup. And there's like a, a rule in clown makeup where everything has to be rounded. Everything's circular and rounded and like fun because you're staring into the face of children. And Pogo the clown John and John win Gacy. They like round shit. They Love round shit. Donuts and cookies and fucking clown eyes. But John Wayne Gacys clown makeup is pointy pointy point. It's the scariest thing. It's truly like a clown nightmare. Illuminati Illuminati, right. Fucking death trap Light swastika on the forehead.


So bad. Okay, so in 76, after three years of marriage, his wife leaves him just Because, You know, she just didn't feel like it anymore. I'm Just not feeling it. So there's this story and this guy, this guy, Tony Antonucci tells the story in one of the documentaries. He was 16 at the time. He was working at the contracting company, John Wayne Gacy invites him over. 'cause this was the thing. It would be like, come my house and let's smoke a joint and we'll have a couple drinks, we'll hang out. And then when the teenage boys would get there, he would be, so this guy was a high school wrestler. So John Wayne Gacy is like, oh, come on Mr. Wrestler, show me your wrestling moves. And the guy's like, okay, that's Such a Thing. Yes, it's a real, All of that.


It's a real thing. Yeah. 'cause when then you're high and then you're like, well, I'm not gonna say no to my boss who wants me to wrestle with them. Yeah. And then suddenly you're, You can though just know that you Guys, You can literally just put the joint down and be like, I'll see you tomorrow. You don't need to drink with older people. I don't know, like anyone, my parents are older than me when I drink with them, it's fine. Something about, you know, something is, there's something deep there. There's something in there. It's just No, we're gonna dig around it now. Just go with it. For sure. You don't need to drink with older people. The age range, pepper spray, everyone. So basically he challenges them to a wrestling match.


And when they're, while they're wrestling, he throws a handcuff on one of Tony's wrists and he tries to get the other wrist handcuffed. Oh fuck. And he's fighting him and fighting him. Oh no. And then he thinks he gets him. So Gacy leaves the room. And then Tony, what had happened is like, he fought him so much that the handcuff was only clicked to like the first thing. So he was able to pull his hand out of the handcuff. But then when Gacy walked back in the room, he kept his hand back behind his back back. So it still looked like he was handcuffed. And so when Gacy came over to him, he fucking took him down. Yeah. He did like a wrestling move. Took him down to the ground. Hell yeah. And Gacy goes, oh, you passed the test.


So then Tony's like, oh, okay. And then he just kept working for him. Oh yeah. I wanted that to end better. I mean, he's, he was alive to tell the story. Fair. So that's good. That's true. But it was that thing where he was like, you know, it's, it's your boss. Yeah. And you just, you want, it was a good job. They were probably making, you know, a good amount of money for, and It's such a weird story that there's no way they would explain it to someone and and sound like now you'd be like, this thing happened. And yeah, that would be a classic assault. But now, but then it was just like he is just goofing around. Yeah. You know, we got high and that thing where your boss wrestles you And Handcuffs you, didn't, you work at the Gap that happened to you once at the Gap, right?


Yes. It happens All the time. It's normal. All right, so basically this is, this is his, it turns out that this becomes Gacys mo. It's either the handcuff trick or the magic rope trick. The magic rope trick was he would say, oh, I'm gonna show you this magic rope trick. And it was all around the fact that he was pogo the clown. So he'd like, like I'm a clown, I have these tricks, I'm gonna Show you the tricks. Oh no. So it's such a nightmare. You're like kind of high, like, Okay. Yeah. Like even just the clown stuff. I'd be like, I'm sorry, I just had an emergency call. I have to leave. Like, they didn't have Phones back then, right? That's right. They couldn't, they just had to sit there in their down vest being like, cool man.


Yeah. The fucking rope trick. Oh no. The magic rope trick is they stand there and he goes, so this is what I do. And then he would just throw a rope around their neck and fucking strangle them to that. That was the magic rope trick. So it was quick and bad. Oh god. So the problem was that he hired these boys and a lot of them are written off as runaways when they would disappear. Oh. Oh man. And and oftentimes it would come to him, so they'd be like, oh, he worked for you. Yeah. Have you seen him lately? And Tony Antonucci tells in one of those stories, he said he was supposed to meet this boy, John Zick. And John Zick never showed up for the job they were supposed to go do together.


And then Gacy came up and goes, he called me and he said that he went to Cabo San Lucas. Yep. Yeah, Because that's where you go when you're a teenager. When you're a teenager by yourself. I'm just gonna go, I'm gonna quick see, I just need to go down to, to the vie Mexican Riviera a while real quick. Yeah. I'm gonna go. I just need to take it easy. Goodbye. So, oh Man. So at this point, oh, and also around this time, Gacy also put red lights in his car and would, when he would see a target, he would pull them over and say that he was an undercover cop and that he was, had to bring them in. He would handcuff them and then he would have them Never pull your car over when you're getting followed by a cop.


Tell them I tell them I said that. And when the cop comes to your window, you should pepper spray him in the eye. Yes. Which is also the thing that Hillside Stranglers did. They, they posed as cops and pulled women over and would be like, you have a bunch of tickets. Get into our car. Which is why you act, I mean, I'm not fucking bullshitting. Now you do wanna pull over in a well-populated area. Yes. You don't wanna, if you're, if someone cop is stopping you on a fucking D deserted road, you're fucking getting off on the next stop and parking in a McDonald. You Know what you're doing. You're high speed chasing it. Bye. To evolve. Tell them your mother sent you Karen in Georgia.


So around this time it, at this point, he's been getting away with murder for six years. Jesus. At the end of 1977, he'd killed 19 boys. Fuck. And by 1978, he was committing a murder every two to three weeks. Holy shit. Your town. I can't even vacuum every two to three weeks. I mean, you should. There's so much dog hair on all my clothes at all times. Totally. Me too. Thank, the only reason we don't have it is 'cause we packed these, I bought this here. All right. So his last victim, this was in December, 1978. And it was 15-year-old Robert Piet. And he worked part-time at a drug store in Des Plains de Plains, De Plaines, De Plains, des Plains, it doesn't matter.


So his mom, this Robert Peace's mom is in the parking lot to pick him up when his shift is over. But he goes, hold on a second. I met this guy who has a better job for me. And it's, it's a really good paying job. I'll be right back. And he never comes back. They go out into the parking lot after 15 minutes and he is nowhere to be seen. But here's the thing, and this is where, if you've ever seen, there's a movie where Brian Denny, he plays John Wayne Gacy and you have to see it. It's so crazy because he was as crazy drunk and on pills. So by this point he's been doing it and getting away with it for so long, he's like sloppy as hell. Yeah. He thinks no one's ever gonna catch him. And he's just really sloppy. So the people in this drugstore knew who John Wayne Gacy was.


Oh, the guy who always offers kids jobs probably. Yes, exactly. Pogo the clowns. Here again, It's that guy who wears a sweet honesty t-shirt all the time. I brought him back around. Didn't do That. Thank you. Yeah, it's called a bring it back around. Thank you. Bingo. So anyway, they file a missing person's report. He is not a runaway. They can't blame it on any of that shit. This was a, this boy was an Eagle scout, a loving family. So the cops, they trace it back to Gacy. The cops go to his house to question him at three 30 in the morning when they finally trace it back. Oh. And he's super pissy. He's like really bitchy to the cops. I would be, oh no, I'm sorry.


They, they go to his house like at night, normal time. And he's really bitching. He is like, I I will come down to the station, I'll come down to talk to you. He shows up at three 30 in the morning at the police station covered in mud. So they're like, could you take a seat in here please? You just have a couple questions to ask you. What the fuck? And they finally do a background check and see that he was convicted for sodomy in Iowa. And they're finally like, I think we've got this, the guy. So Yeah, but can I just say that sodomy is a bullshit charge that they, 'cause they didn't give him the, you guys, nevermind what?


It's just a thing where they like didn't wanna charge him with child molestation or give him a real fucking charge. They gave him 18 months because they gave him sodomy instead. Which like anyone could get sodomy. That's not what I mean. That's right. That's right. And if you're not comfortable with that, maybe it's your problem. Yeah. They detain him at the play. Doesn't Even wanna give it. I mean, I dunno what to say. Okay. They detain him at the police station. They go and search Gacys home and they find a trap door that leads down to the crawlspace and then a cop crawls down to the crawlspace and they're like, there sure is a lot of lime down here.


And they just come back up. They didn't find anything. They came, Yeah, Yeah. Someone Said, no, no, there's more in this paper. I swear to God. So what they do find is a bunch of jewelry that does not belong to him. And one of the things that they found was a class ring with the initials JC inside it. And they trace that ring back to John Zick, his last name is spelled so insanely. It's C-Z-Y-S-Z-K or something like that. I just wrote it ZICK 'cause I couldn't deal. But they basically see, they trace the ring, they get John's name, they go to the Z home and they say, the mother tells them he's been missing since January 20th, 1977.


And they're like, ding, ding, ding. Here we go. This is our guy. So then they start, they stake him out and they have to get, they have to get a search warrant for his house. So while they're waiting, they put the surveillance team on his house. And Gacy is doing things like leading them on long, medium speed chases till dawn or like, he doesn't Even know anyone's following him. No, No, no. He does, he's doing it on purpose. Or he's like buying them dinner. Like the, the Yeah, they're out there, you know, like trying to order food or whatever. And then he just picks up the tab like he's fucking around. Like he's, there's, he can't ever get caught. But they get a second search warrant and that's when, oh no, sorry.


He invited them in for a fish dinner and while the, the two cops were inside, one of them said, could I your use your restroom? And when the cop goes into the restroom, he, they said it was around Christmas time, so the heater was on and the cop walked into the bathroom. I keep saying restroom, but it's a home. He goes into the bathroom and smells death. And he's like, this What? Did you hear that What? I just heard a ghost. He like the heater ca the heating vent came on. Sorry. That's when we found Out Karen was cra out of her Mind. Yeah.


Totally insane. The heater vent came on the air came out and it was the smell of death. And he knew that this, this was, they had to search this house basically. Oh my God. So, so essentially blip bleep bleep. Sorry. Oh, what they, how they finally got him was he had driven to a gas station and like dropped off a bag of pot to somebody. So they got him on this really dumb charge, but they were able to hold him at the police station. They got the second warrant. They go into the house, they go into the crawlspace. And after 15 minutes, 'cause they, it, they just didn't take enough time the first time. Yeah. After 15 minutes they're like, we have three bodies down here.


And then it's on like Donkey Kong. And eventually they find in, in those, in that crawlspace 20, the 27 bodies of young men and boys. I feel so bad for those cops that had to dig all that shit up. It, it's so even just the old footage is so upsetting looking. I've seen it. It's, yeah, you have to look at it. Was his mom Just playing solitaire the whole time Or something? She, no, she died at some point. I almost said, She's like, what's that Johnny? I didn't hear you come in. No, I dont wanna do the handcuff trick again. I don't want, you know, you did that to me. I fell for Undies.


So there's 27 bodies in the house. And then he admits that there are also six he dumped in the river and that's when he was covered in mud at the police station. He had just dumped Robert Pie's body. He basically dumped it and went straight to the police station. Jesus. I mean he stands trial in February of 1980. He never shows an ounce of remorse. They put the victim's family members and friends on the stand. So everybody sees all of these boys and all their family and all the people that were affected. And in three hours the jury finds him guilty on all counts. He's sentenced to death. And after 14 years of appeals, he's put to death on May 10th, 1994.


His last words were Kiss my ass. Oh, he's a good guy. And his last meal was Kentucky Fried Chicken. That's right. That's Cool. I mean, no, that's awful. That's, I don't know. I kind of like it. I know. And then they destroyed that house, which I, when I first saw the footage of that, they like pulled the whole fucking thing down. And then I was like, that's a bit dramatic. And then I was like, what am I talking about? Like that what real estate could sell. Yeah. Real estate agent could sell that fucking house. I like that. Killing 27 people isn't traumatic, but them tearing the house down, Tearing the house. And I was like, stop it you guys. You're being nuts.


You're being, what's the word? Dramatic. Yes. And that's Sean Wayne Gacy. Good job. Chicago. Yes. Thank you. Thanks. Okay, we're back. Karen. Any other info from this excellent story? Let's see. John Wayne Gacys attorney, a man named Sam Ante said that working with him inspired him to write legislation requiring police to immediately begin searches for missing children rather than waiting 72 hours. Amazing. That has since evolved into what we now commonly know as the Amber alert.


So can you imagine it was called the Child Abduction emergency alert. Like as if that wouldn't have been an emergency. Right. A child abduction. And the emergency isn't just a given. That's not the Assumption. Well look, it was a time where it was so common to just be like, oh, your child rode away on a bike for a while, they'll be back. It's like, what are you talking about? Yeah. So that is really nice. Also. It's a very fun and funny thing. You know, when I said toxic masculinity ruins the party again in this Oh, is that When you said it? This Is the one I said it. Yeah. Oh my God. Epic. And it was like, I'd seen people talking about toxic masculinity on Twitter a lot. But when people, like afterwards there were people I would imagine some sort of kind of incel energy type people who are very upset about it.


Where it's like masculinity is not, this is good masculinity or whatever. It's that whole thing. It's like, excuse me, I was talking about John Wayne Gacys, alcoholic, abusive father. So if you're gonna defend that guy, then you, there's something wrong with your brain that is fully qualifies as toxic masculinity. Right. And the word toxic is there. So you don't have to then argue that not all masculinity is toxic. 'cause we really just said the specific kind of masculinity we're talking about. Yes. You don't need to caveat. Yeah, but also you're okay. It's okay. It's gonna, are you It's gonna be okay. Is it? You're fine. Go fucking lift some barbells and prove the positive masculinity is everywhere around us.


Be the example everyone is looking for. Please. Come on. Okay. Sorry. And then just, I have a minor correction for this. I spelled out victim John Z's name talking about his initials on his class ring. But the spelling should have been SZYK. I had a completely incorrect spelling, so my apologies to that. And it's SZYK. Got it. Oh. And so this was our first like true live show, like large audience hometown. So here's the hometown that we got from Ashley at the live show. Yeah. We might need, we might have time for one hometown, murder One.


Is there a way to turn the lights on for one second? You Have to jump over the orchestra pit though. Not going to, if you're gonna say it, if you're gonna do it. Oh, does anyone have a hometown that's like really good though? If someone's pointing at you and they're okay. Okay. Okay. How do we, this was, we should have thought this through. Can she walk over and around really quick? Yeah. No, here they're like, we hate You. There's someone standing over there. Someone must be in charge. Who's In charge that could help Us? We're not, does Someone work here? Uhoh? Just kidding. Here she comes. What's her name? Her name Ashley.


Hi. How are you? You too. How's it going? Good. Good. That's Georgia. Yeah, just sit right here. Oh, we're happy to be here. Sit here. No, sit on it. Do it. Don't fall. Yep. Let's just see how you can do it Really is ly It's fucked. Yeah. It's really wobbly. This, this, you sat on this for an hour. Yes. And it's, it's slippery Too. And I have these weird boots On. Yeah. That's impressive. Okay, tell what's your hometown? Where are you from? So I am from about an hour outside of the city, Dekal, Illinois. Anybody n iu. Whoa. Yeah. So there's a big college out there. Tony. Tell I know him.


Oh, I know. Yes. Don't talk about, don't talk. That's another really good one. Tony Keller. If you ever get a chance to look at that up. That's a really good One. Oh, I thought you were talking about like someone you went to school for. Yeah. Something I did too. Don't talk about Tony right now. He's a murderer. I bet. So I'm not gonna take full credit. 'cause this is actually at my boyfriend's hometown murder. He's a local in the area. We'll take it. And he told this story to me on one of our first dates and I was really fascinated by it. A keeper always The point where he was like, you're so Lucky. Like, are you taking notes? Are you, you know. So he lived in a really small town out actually outside DeKalb, small farming town. And he worked at a gas station when he was in high school. And there was a guy who would come to the gas station every day and every day he would buy a pack of cigarettes and a 30 rack of beer.


Yes. And he was approximately 300 pounds. So you know, living the dream. Yes. Yeah. The town kind of noticed that he went missing and they filed a missing persons report about a couple weeks after he went missing. He was a cook at this restaurant slash motel That was, it's on Highway 47 if anybody knows that. It's bad news, bad news. It's highways like in the middle of nowhere. Freeway motel on a highway highway. No. Yeah. So it was called the Bohemia. And the owner of the restaurant was a guy. He, he owned the restaurant and he hired this guy as a cook. And he also, the guy also lived in the motel.


So after a couple weeks, police are searching for this guy. Somebody calls in a tip and says, Hey, I actually was helping my friend the other day. He owns the Bohemian restaurant. He had some extra money laying around. So he decided he wanted to bury it in the cornfield. So he asked me if I'd come out and help dig some holes for him, which is totally logical. This guy's like, you know what I was thinking about it. Yeah. So how many duffle bags were involved in this? Well, so, so he call, so he tells the police where they buried it. Are they buried the money and the police go out there, dig up the holes and spoiler It was not money. No, no, no.


In the hole they found two garbage bags. One was the head of this man, the cook, the 300 pound cook, and the other bag was his torso. Ooh. So they did an autopsy. They found out, I mean it's, it's sad. Obviously he was murdered, but he was kind of on the verge of death. He actually, they ruled that it was a heart attack because his heart stopped because his head was removed. But, but actually that came up where they weren't almost gonna press charges. What? Because it technically that's all they had was the torso in the head wash. Watch the carbs, everybody.


Yeah. He also has cirrhosis of the liver and emphysema. Oh, don't smart. Which I was gonna say eczema, but my friend corrected me in the car and she's like, no, you wouldn't die from that. He probably had that too. Yeah. So they end up pressing or indicting the owner of this restaurant at the Bohemian. And come to find out he was murdered in the kitchen where he was a cook. I hate the reason why he was murdered. It was over a bad drug deal, which I'm just Yeah. But the, but what happened after is just like amazing. So the thing was is like, is he wanted, I guess he didn't come up with this plan right away because obviously he couldn't move the 300 pound man decided to cut him up, didn't know what to do with him.


At first. The hole digging a hole in the cornfield didn't come to him. So he decided to store the body parts in the motel room. Fridges, the refrigerators. Oh. And they were able to collect evidence because there was his DNA in the fridge, the little ones. I, I mean, I don't know how big they were. Probably. It probably had like peanuts and candy, you know? Yeah. And then it's dead body parts and bags tastes fierce. Yeah. That's amazing. So, so the guy was actually sentenced to 90 years in prison. He is still alive. And I'm so sorry, I forgot his name. I know. Oh, you're then you're fired. Okay. I'll leave. I'll leave. That's amazing. But one thing I will point out is his head and his torso were recovered, but his limbs, his arms and legs were never found.


So I don't know what time your flight leaves tomorrow, but If you guys wanna go on a little excavation. Yeah, I'd love to find some legs and arms. Yay. That'd be great. City. Yay. Thank you Ashley. That was awesome. Well done. So good. Thank you. Yes. That's how it's done. Yes. You all know how to do it. Thank you. So Yeah. Thank you. Thank you guys so much for being here. You're all sweet baby angels. It makes, it means the world to us. This is crazy. We've never done a crowd this big. Yeah, it really does. It's really amazing. Yeah.


And you know what? You guys stay sexy and Don't get Murdered. Yeah. We'll come and say hi to you guys. All right. Well Ashley, I can't believe like how brave of her to come on that stage and then tell a killer hometown. Like that's how it's done. Ashley set the precedent in the very beginning. She Really did. And thank you for knowing your job, Ashley. Yeah. It's nothing we appreciate more. She did a great job. Oh. And I guess because this is the first time I said the phrase toxic masculinity, ruin the party again.


And then it became a very classic t-shirt design, which actually a listener designed Right. That got set. That's right. That's one of the first pieces of art that got sent into us. And we both loved it so much. Immediately it was like, Oh my God, this is amazing. Yes, It was Kirsten Benomo Cooper. I've met with her. We had lunch. She's so, So good. She's so freaking cool. Yeah. Yes. That's, I love That. So good. So because of that, we're gonna relaunch toxic masculinity who ruins the party again with Kristen's art. And we're gonna have it in a lady's muscle T-shirt in white for the summer, summer summertime. And in a unisex t-shirt in Evergreen. And so the presale kicks off on May 7th. It's just gonna be a quick sale you guys.


So if you're listening to this while it's coming out, go run over to exactly right store.com. Presale is May 7th. It's gonna run for a week only. And then it's wrapping up on May 13th. So make sure you grab this classic while you can. Yes, please do. And We're proudly. Yes. It's a classic. So head to exactly right store.com for the presale and check it out. So to rename this episode, which of course Live from the Chicago Podcast Festival is accurate. It is a really good name. But there are more to choose from. So if we're naming it today based on the content of the episode, perhaps we would call it, here's the thing. Hmm. Which obviously everyone knows we say all the time.


Yeah. It just stops everybody to get them ready for the idea that's coming. Yeah. I'm about to have a moment. Take a moment. I'm gonna have a moment. Here's the thing, here's the thing. There's Also people love pockets of course. 'cause my dress had pockets. I'm so proud that our first kind of big theater, live show pockets were right up top Pockets. Got a fucking huge round of applause. It was very unexpected and exciting. So Exciting. Who Knew? And then also, of course, you're all my mommy. You're all my mommy. So funny. That is it. That's the one I pick. Yeah, for sure. Oh, and then, yeah, so then after the show, we go backstage and you grab me and you go, we have to go say hi to them.


Yes. And then you bring me out to the front lobby and there's just this crowd of people I had never seen like a wall of people. They were all so friendly and lovely. And then one by one, we did a meet and greet, like on our own, hi On our own. Took pictures, took Pictures, hugs. Classic audience member. We don't know her name, but that's the time where the girl ran up, took a picture and then said, my dad killed his business partner. Bye. That's right. And ran away. Legend, we talk about you. Oh my God. All the time. We do. My mom sat in a chair and just watched the whole thing. She was so proud. So did my sister and Adrian and Audrey. And that's right. My sister kept rolling her eyes like, stop doing. It was just like I was eight years old in her room trying to show off to get attention.


And she's just like, Stop. Show off time, Karen, Stop it. Stop it. It's like I won't stop it. And we are not going to stop it for two and a half more hours. And we didn't. And we never did. And it's been nine and a half years, Laura, we Won't stop. All right. Well thanks everybody. That was fun. Yeah. Thank you guys for listening and for everyone who came to the show and all of that. Yeah. Stay sexy and don't Get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah,


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com. Or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Taking care of yourself is hard enough without adding a blender and a bucket of spinach to the mix. Grooms makes it simple to get your greens. No chopping, mixing, or pretending you like Kale. Required just eight daily delicious gummies packed with over 20 vitamins, minerals, and 60 whole food ingredients. They're vegan, gluten-free, and tastes like fruit snacks. Plus, there's Gros kids for the little ones. Whether you're already into wellness or still figuring it out, grooms fits right into your routine. You've got nutrition gaps and groans fills them. Use code MFM for up to 45% off. That's code MFM for up to 45% off groans. Get your greens the easiest way possible. Goodbye.