
This is exactly right. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer Experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now, when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available Afro features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hello And Welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. This Is our new Wednesday episode where we recap our old shows with new commentary, updates, and insights. You are welcome. Okay, so today we're recapping episode 28, which we named I 28, his Liver with some fava beans and a Nice Come on. That has stood the test of time, I think. I agree. You know, I love that one. So join us as we take you back to August 4th, 2016, because now we can all be day one listeners, Kaza. Let's listen to intro of episode 28. Karen. Hi. Hi. Hi.


Hi. You pointed at me to talk first tonight. I wanted you to do the I did it last time. Trying to make a start. Oh, Hey this. Oh fuck. I gotta turn my phone out. Sorry. Oh, hey, this is, hello. Who's This Show business? It's a telemarketer. Do you mind if I take this? Can I do, can I, I talk about some products with this Person. Yeah. I give them all my, my social security number. Yeah. And everything over the podcast. Just Record it all. Welcome To My favorite Murder. This is basically what the podcast is. Yes. It's going to be this for another two and three quarters hours. Yep. Enjoy. Yeah. There you Go. Or Goodbye Forever.


Can I start out real quick? Just by plugging just for the skippers who skip to the stories. Yes. Don't miss this. Don't miss this. We Have new motherfucking shirts. Yes. And they're good. They're Good, right? I'm, I'm really, yeah. There's something. Well, to me there, when you sent me that picture, there's something very visceral about the original logo as a shirt. Yeah. Like it makes me feel official. It's so official and I can't wait to see someone. I'm still waiting to run into someone in the wild, like someone I don't know, wearing one of our old shirts. Well, that just happened to me. Shut up. Walking into your apartment and Steven has our shirt on. Yeah. Yeah. I was dressed appropriately. He was. That's, we appreciate it's, we don't let anyone in our house unless they're wearing mine or Vince's podcast shirt.


That's Smart. As a couple. That's a good decision. We're real Dicks. Yeah. Is it obnoxious to wear your own podcast? Sweatshirt T-shirt? Yes. Hoodie. No. No. It's Like when you get a, when you're working on a movie and you get the show the movie logo hat. That's right. And once it wraps you can wear it. Right. Should we also get director's chairs, do you think? Definitely. Should We, should we get baseball jacket, Baseball jackets, directors? You can get, I was looking to like, try to get mugs and stuff. You can get like, we can get like serving trays with the logo on it. Oh good. You can get so much weird shit. You know, Dave Anthony from the Dollop says that the thing they sell the most Oh my God.


Are posters. Oh Yeah, posters. Gotta do that. Yeah. Posters. And we can do shot glasses too. Which I feel like, I mean, there's gotta be a lot of college kids listening. Right. I would hope. What are they doing with their time? I Mean, studying. Please look at us. We didn't go to college. No. I mean, we didn't graduate. And look at us Now. I mean, I tried, but it sucked. I gave it a shot. It was weird and uncomfortable. Oh, I Hated It. I really didn't like it. It was triggering for me because I hated high school so much. But it just felt like high school. Mine felt like the opposite of high school. 'cause I went to a tiny high school and then I tried to go to Sac State, which was like going to Oh my gosh. Huge. A whole other city Wow. As a school. And I just felt lost and empty and alone.


Yeah. Community college felt like, oh God. It felt like I was going backwards in time because my school was kind of nice. And then suddenly it was like, like this terrible, like old school. That was just sad. Did it have those desks where the chair and the desk are connected? I can't, there's something so depressing about those desks because You can't move in or out and your butt hurts and it's just No. And it's like you're, it's like a little clamp on you. Yeah. It's a school clamp. It's a Little prison cell. So Look at us now. Yeah. Look at us free sticking our legs wherever we want. I know. Up sideways Anywhere. So in our director's chairs, Quit school.


Everybody. That's the one message we have for the children This week. Please quit school. Did you know Burke Ramsey is gonna be on Dr. Phil in September. I know. And I've been waiting to freak out With Me for you. Yeah, because I've been seeing that and I'm like, whatever, whatever. Even even Vince was like, did you see that? And I'm like, yeah, whatever. But I've been waiting to talk to you about it. I love that. The day it was announced, I think I must have had six or seven people tweet at me. Oh Yeah. And that and our, the My favorite murder, Twitter, we had like 25 people do It Instagram too. Like people, we have an Instagram account and people will be like commenting on a shirt post. Like, did you see this? So here's what I think is gonna happen.


One of two things. Either it's gonna be the most boring, basic thing. He thinks an intruder did it, or he's totally gonna just go ballistic and say it was his mom. I guess. I'm guessing it's not the latter, but how cool would that be? It'd be amazing. I did see one picture in one of the articles that got sent and they're walking in an orchard. The walk and talk. Probably a bad sign. Yeah. Because that means they're two besties. No, they always do the walk and talk though. Oh Yeah. The Walk and talk. Whenever there's like an interview, they, that's just a thing. Okay. A walk and talk. Okay. But you think an orchard is a bad sign? I mean, It just looked too Peaceful and Yeah. Chummy to me, You're not gonna not gonna be like, and then she hit her over the head in an orchard.


You're not gonna say that in an orchard. Yeah. I don't, who knows. But here's what I will say. And I'm not gonna name any names. I've got an inside source. What I'm gonna find out from my inside source, if it's already been taped, if it's a taping live in a studio. Oh, like if, what if the clips we've already seen are just a pre-AP that they're Right. They're letting out footage of or whatever. Fuck. Because what if we went to the live taping of that show? No. Stop it. Oh my God. I didn't even think that's what you meant. Wait, what Would you wanna do that I'm gonna find out from my inside source. I Didn't even know that's what you meant. I thought you were like, find out what he was saying. But that's, I would go, No, don't you wanna be there? Yes.


Because here's the thing I do trust in Dr. Phil, is I just got the picture in my head. Did you ever see the Dr. Phil that was on the Mup, the Sesame Street, where they did a Dr. Phil and the Muppet looked exactly like him. No, I love it. It that, that just flashed in my head and I kind of went away for a second. Sorry. I do trust that Dr. Phil doesn't give a fuck. Yeah. So he will like confront like a lunatic. Yeah. Like it's not like I'm going back on what I just said about the chummy rightness. Because now that I think about it, Dr. Phil will just all be like, why? Why do you still live with your boyfriend?


Who's a pedophile? Or what? You know what I mean? He doesn't care. Wait, Burke Ramsey lives with a boyfriend who's a no no, no. So yeah, he definitely asks the hard questions. Yes. And kind of fucking needles 'em until they like, they get nervous and then the real shit comes out. Yeah. So I think he's better than like a Barbara Walters for sure. Because she's super soft for sure on people. I agree. I can't wait. I'm totally gonna watch it. But I'm like everything in life, keeping my expectations low. If we somehow get tickets to be in the studio audience, I will lose. Should we wear matching outfits? Should we and should they be our T-shirts?


Oh my God, Yes. Yes. A thousand times. Yes, Please. Should we dress like super weird not twin sisters? Yeah. And freak people out. Get our hair cut. Yes. Everything. Should I get a tiny Bob? That was my nineties hair forever. I, I wanna say we should dress like pageant girls. But that seems in bad taste to say right now. It does seem like that. So I'm not saying it. That was fucking huge. The huge Sierra trophy. Oh, they would kick us out. We would get arrested for bad taste. We do like, That's like a intense drag queen move is to like dress up as JonBenet.


Totally. Then here's part two. Okay. Which a lot of people know. 'cause a lot of people also tweeted us this information. Okay. Is that Ingmar Gu, who was the guy that was accused of murdering Chandra Chandra Lee, yes. Is gonna get released from prison after six years because the prosecutors are dropping all charges. Because based on recent unforeseen developments that were investigated over the past week. What I am, I'm never speechless, but I'm speechless about this. Yes. That's insane. Because the I, whatever they found, yeah. Whatever this investigation is, the idea that it got to the point where it gets him out of jail.


Totally. Entirely. Totally. That could has To be something incredibly definitive. But didn't He also kill to what? Isn't he suspected of? Or did kill Yeah. Rock and roll. Didn't, isn't he suspected of or killed two other people? He did. Now, look, I'm not celebrating his release. 'cause he did attack women in that park. That's the reason he was arrested. Oh. But he attacked women with the intent, I believe, to rape them if he did, if not raping them. But there, I think so. Basically he was the perfect person to arrest for her murder. It's just that moral dilemma of like, is setting him free, just going to fuck up the world even more.


I mean he's, I know you can't hold someone for something they weren't charged for, but ah, I hate it. Well, I wanna know what the, I wanna know what the evidence is so I can know if I agree or or not. But they're not telling us. You're right. It's not exciting. He's getting outta jail. No. 'cause obviously he can't handle himself around women parks or screwdrivers. He's A sexual Predator. Yeah. He's no good. And I'm sure jail helped him with that. Right. As it tends to do. But what I, what? I'm just stoked that they found some, they were still looking. Yeah. And they found something so definitive. That means we're gonna find out about it within the next month. It can't just be a witness because it's been, what, 10 years. And witness eye witness testimony sucks.


It can't be Witnesses don't get people outta jail. I don't think. It can't Just also, it can't just be DNA because finding a hair on the body doesn't mean anything. You know? No. Unless it's can be linked. What did they find? What did they find? What Did they find? What, because she wasn't, she isn't, wasn't she skeletal remains when they found her? I can't remember. People talk to me about these cases that we talk about on here and I have almost no memory of talking about them. I Know I have to re-listen to episodes. I've gone like, I should do this murder. And then like, did I already do this? I've Thought of that so many Times. There was one that I wanted to ask you if I've done, 'cause I totally forgot. And they mean the world to us. Listeners.


What a wonderful Most important things. We love it. I mean, I forget my own name. I Almost did one of yours. I was looking it up today and I was like, I can't Find it. Which one? It was a maybe your fir No, not your first. 'cause your first was Martha Moxley, right? No, My first was JonBenet. Oh, Okay. It was an early one that was a little more obscure and Right. I saw it and I went, that's so good. And I'm like, the reason you think that is because Georgia already Did it. What if you just did it and then did it better And then said Up your game girl. Yeah, That's right. Get it together. It's a contest within a, I started listening, like, I wanna say just for research purposes and just for like quality control, but started, I listened to episode one from the beginning.


Mm. But it's really just because I'm fucking full of myself and wanted to hear how funny we are. Sure. And I was laughing out. I was here. This is like, describes me in a nutshell. I was shopping for vintage clothing, listening to my own podcast and laughing out loud. Do you think you were laughing really loud and didn't know it? 'cause you had earbuds in? I Was, no, because I'm really aware of that. But I was, I was laughing out loud accidentally, like I couldn't help. But what is, oh God, you're such a dick. But it's, No, I think it's very brave of you to admit this. I, I re-listen to episodes a lot because it's a really, it's fun to do. It's, I don't know. It's fun to do. It's It is. And it's like, oh shit.


I think you and I text each other on a regular basis. Oh, that's Good. See that was actually good. We're gonna, sometimes we leave this apartment and I'm like, we shouldn't, we shouldn't do this anymore. Me too. Wait, what? Wait, sorry. What? Please tell that's not true. Any more housekeeping? That is it for me. It's funny that we're talking about JonBenet Ramsey again. Did you watch the recent documentary on Netflix? It's timeless. I haven't because there's so many other like true crime documentaries Yeah. Out right now. I feel like my list has gotten insanely long. Yeah. This is the cold case. Who killed JonBenet Ramsey of course. By Joe Beringer, who's this like incredible documentary filmmaker.


Yes. The thing that I, it didn't give me any like, new insights except for I really don't think the family was involved. I really do at this point. And I feel bad that I ever did. I think it was an intruder. I feel bad about all of it. Yeah. Like it's, it, this is a story that is so I was talking to somebody this morning where I was just like, the idea that there are so many risky people in this child's life. Yeah. And the fact that there are so many potential people Yeah. Is so horrible. Yeah. Just so horrible. And they, you know, like child pageants, we don't even have to get into it. Yeah. But God, but you're gonna feel bad for, especially Patsy Ramsey when you watch this.


It's like, it's fucked up. It's just so fucked up. And I do think that the Boulder police have a lot to fucking answer to. Yeah. Based on this documentary. Yeah. And also, it's just very strange. It's like a cold case. It feels like there should be a way to get in there and do something about how this cold case that just everybody wants answers to. Well, there is, and it's DNA And again, the Boulder Police Department has some shit to fucking answer for. Really? Yeah. Now I have to move this one up to the top of my list. You're saying I would. I, it's only three episodes. Okay. It's, it's good. And it's fucked up. Burke isn't in it because he has not publicly spoken since this interview with Dr.


Phil. Which you can totally understand why he wouldn't want to. But another one of John Ramsey's sons is in it. Looking back on this rewind, it's a really good, like, I think people over the years of being a true crime fan and a listener of it, I really, the thing that stands out the most to me is media literacy. And how it used to just be, we kind of accepted whole cloth. Anything we were shown Yes. Of like, well then that's what it is. Well then that's what It is. Yes. It must be true if it's being printed or it's being said by news people. Yeah. It's on a major network. Yeah. And as people get smarter, which I do believe they are, and it's like all the internet, you know, the things that advance are kind of awareness and literacy.


Yeah. It's just like to believe that we know anything simply because one group of people Right. Put something together and tried to convince us for ratings. Yeah. It is a thing that I'm glad is changing. Yeah. You gotta check your sources even if the source is like, you know, a major fucking news outlet. 'cause like where did they get that information from? And especially these days. Like who, you know, I don't know. Trust no man, trust no sources. Right. Exactly. And then we also talk about the Chandra Levy case and that fact that her, which you covered before in an earlier episode, and that her alleged killer has been released from jail based on new evidence. Oh, it was, you covered it in episode 16.


Mm. So of MFM and rewind. So listen to that if you want to. Yeah. And this, and we also talked about listening to our own show. Yeah. First of all, we called them old episodes and we're in episode 28. So we're just like, Hey, did you like that idea of listening to what we were doing to get a sense of like, what are we doing? Yeah. Yeah. I feel fine about the fact that I listened to it. I haven't done it in a while. There were times where like every couple weeks I would listen to the beginning just to be like, fact check. Like make sure that are we, are we doing the right thing? You know? Right. Or I'd listen to my story. If it was a story that was really like one of 'em that I was nervous about getting right.


I'd listen and just like reassure myself that it sounded not stupid. Right. But more and more I'm not able to listen to my own fucking voice anymore. Oh no. Like when I walk by and there's like an engineer trying to edit what we just did. Yeah. I'll like run away when I can hear my voice. It's for others. It's not for me. Yeah, it is. It's kind of like when we stop looking at our own Facebook page. Correct. It's just like, oh, this isn't, we're not supposed to be on this end of the process. No. We're we did the other part. Yeah. Put the mirror away. Yeah. Move on with your life. Yeah. Do your best. Please. Please move on with your life. Okay. So now we're gonna get into Georgia's story. This is the Durham Family Murders.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe.


The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after miles. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And Managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay after pay and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder.


Goodbye. Goodbye.


Contrary to popular belief, since the birth of man women have also existed And yet it's so hard to find bras and shapewear that don't feel like a punishment. Enter honey love. Honey Love is an independent female founded brand specializing in bras, shapewear, and intimates designed for real women's bodies. Because all honey love products are intelligently designed by women who actually wear them. They recently launched the cross flex bra, which is designed to support you all day from your workday to your workout. Honey Love bras are supportive and wire free. Thanks to bonding technology that lifts without underwire. You deserve a bra that's lightweight and comfortable without sacrificing support. A great bra is the foundation of any great outfit. Start every outfit with honey, love and elevate your style. Treat yourself to the best bras and shapewear on the market. Save 20% off honey. love@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use our exclusive link to get 20% off honey love.com/mfm to find your perfect fit. After you purchase, they ask you where you've heard about them. Please show support for the show and tell them we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style with honey. Love.


Goodbye. Am I first? Are you first This week? You first? I first. Are you first? I think yeah. You did. What's your face last week? And I think you went first. I also don't care who goes first. I honestly, at this moment, I have absolutely no idea what happened last Week. Okay. You did little baby Karen, didn't you Mary be Yeah. Is that last week? I Don't know. I honestly dunno. What's That? No, last week was hometown murder. Fuck. Oh my God. What is wrong with this? Is there a gas leak in my apartment? We can't be, we can't be that stuck up if we can't remember exactly. I Don't think it's us being stuck up. I think it's, we have terrible memories.


Yeah, I think there's a gas leak in my apartment. Probably. I definitely have a terrible memory. Annual I Issue. So do you want me to go first? Do You wanna go first? You go first. Okay. I'm excited about this one because it's fucked up. And I also really like finding ones that you don't know. Oh Yeah. And I didn't know, I found one that I didn't know purposely. Where'd you find it? Reddit. I might have found like a link on the Facebook page as you do. And then just went crazy instead Because someone posted a link that has all these Reddit links on it. Ooh. Or that it, there is a post with a bunch of Reddit links that I was looking through today and loved it. It was so great. Well, I did what I always do and I go into the hometown. I go into our email and look up and like type to find if anyone has ever emailed us about it. Just so I can add that information in and Oh, nice.


No one has ever emailed us about this. Oh, that's smart. I sure knows where I found it. Okay, this is the Durham family Murders Durham Family Durham. Okay. Alright. I'm gonna start with the murders. So on February 3rd, 1972 is a stormy, snowy night in Boone, North Carolina. And the bodies of Bryce Durham 51, his wife, Virginia 44, and their son, Bobby Jo, who was 18, were found crowded side by side, leaning across and into a filled bathtub with their heads under the water. Submerged. There's a fucking photo. No, the auto autopsy established that though rope burns were evident on the necks of all three of the family members.


The boy, the man, the father and son were alive when their heads were forced under underwater. Wow. This really just kicked it off, didn't It? I don't know why I started with the fucked up part, but here we go. Well, no, no, it's, it's, I mean, look, you gotta hook 'em in Because the rest of the story I find, I find amazing. Yeah. And you'll see why. Yeah. Yeah. So Virginia had been strangled to death before being punished head first into the tub. But for some reason they still put her in there, or whoever it was. The bodies of Bryce and Virginia also exhibited blunt force trauma. Bryce had a skull fracture and Virginia's nose had been bloodied before her death. And none of the corpses bore defensive wounds. Ooh. So then I wrote, who done it?


Mm. Okay. Angela Berry, just typing away in your typewriter. Who done it? Who could it be? So Bryce, the father owned a local successful car dealership. And Bobby Jo was a college student nearby the Durhams. All three of them came home together from the car dealership. And it was a crazy stormy night. It was super snowy. It was like getting worse and worse. And a neighbor noted, saw that they came home around 9:00 PM So cut to 10:00 PM I wrote, in case I forget. Yep. Allegedly the sun. Okay. So there's another kid, there's a daughter, Ginny Durham Hall.


She was 19 and she lived with her husband, Troy Hall, a little ways away in a trailer. So allegedly the son-in-law, Troy arrived home at the trailer where he met Ginny. And he claimed he spent the entire day at the library from like 5:00 PM till he got home. He says he came home to watch the Winter Olympics and they turned the TV on at 10 o'clock and then the TV was on the fritz. So they put on music instead, they say, then around 10 15, he answers a call at the their home. He says that the call was from Virginia, his mother-in-law, and that she was whispering that three men were assaulting the family.


And then the line abruptly went dead. He claimed he tried to call back the home, but it was busy. But it was busy. So he asked his wife, would your mom play a trick on us? And they kind of thought it was a prank, which is is a real fucking funny prank. So worried they decided to check in on the family, didn't call the cops, their car wouldn't start, even though he had only been in it like 15 to 20 minutes before. And they asked the neighbor, Cecil's smart to drive them Cecil's Small is what I meant. Cecil Small, small, who's now deceased, was a private investigator. Ooh. And he drove the couple out to the house. Side note, Cecil was also supposedly at the scene of the Kennedy assassination.


What? According To him, he was passing by the end of the motorcade and he saw Hispanic man in the crowd with a poorly concealed scoped rifle. He was driven off course by the motorcade and came to an unfamiliar ar unfamiliar area. So he pulled over in front of the school book depository to ask for directions. And a passerby was heading in the very same direction that he intended to travel. Huh. And thus offered the calm, neatly dressed stranger arrived. And this man Cecil avowed to his dying day was Lee Harvey Oswald Cecil's a liar. Cecil's. So you're telling me Cecil Small, that you not only saw the shooter of President Kennedy, the A, a different person, but then you also met Lee Harvey Oswald.


But you can also prove that Lee Harvey Oswald didn't do it. Didn't do it. Yeah. And now that I'm thinking about it, And you're blaming a Hispanic man. Right. You know what? Okay. I just put this together and I wasn't gonna add this in because I think it's in poor taste, but Troy says that Virginia says that three Black men, Black men, yes. Were attacking her in her Home. I mean, I'm sorry, but there's a cer from like 1969. Yeah. But bef and before, that's all anyone ever said. Yeah. I think from the eighties. Yeah, you're right. It's now You blame it on People do that all the Time. Yeah. So that, I'm kind of putting those things together now. So they get to the home almost an hour after the panicked call, but they couldn't get up the hill to the home because of the snow.


So they left Ginny in the car and they said, stay here, we're gonna run up there. And supposedly they thought three men were in the house, maybe not anymore attacking, and they left her in the car at the bottom of the hill. That makes no sense. No. Right. No. Also, I don't like three men that, that's rare that that's the actual situation. Right. But how would three people, two of whom were like able-bodied men able to be overpowered without any defensive wounds. True. True. It couldn't have been one person unless True. True. You know, some people just comply when there's a gun in their face. Right? Yes. Like a lot of people do. Yeah. Even Though, I mean, It's the smart thing to do. Right. All right, so they get up the hill, they get to the, the house, they enter the home through a broken garage door where they found the place ransacked and the water was still running in the tub that was full of the family.


Oh, they got they, they skedaddled. I said, which I spelled right. Which is weird. And jumped into the car intending to drive off. Still not having called the police. The car was stuck. So they made it to a neighbor's and they finally called the police. So police suggested the ransacked house seemed like a stage robbery, which I'm wondering, like you hear that all the time. Are they, I wanna know if they're ever wrong about that. About that. It really was Ransack. Yeah, insincerity. I feel like there can't be that much, that huge of a difference between a ransacked because it's being burglarized. I think when people burglar, this is just me talking off the top of my head. Yeah. I wanna know your opinion. Okay.


First of all, I wanna officially change my old opinion too. I don't know why I said 1969 and below when racism is such a humongous problem in this country. It came, I don't know When you said it, but I'll go ahead to again, freely give my opinion. When people burglarize a house, they're looking for valuables. And they know where people hide valuables. Right. Good, good burglars wanna get in and get out. They don't wanna wreck people's houses. They don't go through every single drawer. 'cause they know that people hide. I mean, there have been studies about it where it's like people hide their stuff in a sock door. Yes. People hide their stuff in a freezer. People hide their safes behind pictures. So now everyone knows where you hide your stuff.


That's right. They come to your house. My safe is behind my picture, but so cutting open a couch or you know, there's like, yeah. When, when things are overly ruined, I think is when cops Are like, right, like furniture thrown. Yes. That doesn't need to be, because there, there's photos of the house that's ransacked and it's like there's an, there's an ottoman like thrown onto the couch. Yeah. That there's no, there's no reason I've done that. Right. And also you're just taking extra time as the burglar. That could be time where the cops could be on their way. Why would you stand around throwing shit? Well, here's the fucked up thing about this that that proves they're probably right, is that there was an envelope full of cash sitting like out on one of the dining room chairs.


And in the photo of the crime scene, you can see it. They had brought it home because they couldn't make it to the bank after. So it was just sitting there. So it was just sitting there. It wasn't taken. So there's no need to put the ottoman on the couch. No. There, it it was a fake, I believe it was a fake ransacking. But I'm just wondering. You hear that all the time? Oh Yeah. I wish we could look at photos of, I wish like how the nine one one call we wanted to do, where like we listened to two that are real and one that isn't. Ooh, that's one I'd be willing to do. Yeah. That's one that wouldn't give you nightmares. I, that that one I would love to do because who, I mean who really knows, but it would be to understand how detectives and investigators have a sense of things would be fascinating to me.


Can any detectives out there please send us some crime scene photos? Don't and don't Tell us. Just sneak 'em out of the Precinct Evidence locker. Yeah. Where the cocaine is. Sneak them out. Mail 'em to Georgia's secret PO box. I mean, add a little Coke in there if you want. I, it's Not a big deal. I won't be mad. People do it all the time. I'm kidding. Don't do coke. We, we all think it's bad. Yeah. So, okay, I'm speaking for Steven. Steven wants the coke. Steven Hates coke. So they say it seemed like a stage robbery. There was an envelope full of cash and nothing of Val, nothing much of value had been taken. And shortly after the car that the derms had at the house, which was from the car dealership, was found in an embankment.


And it seemed like it had been placed there rather than crashed. And then the back was like a pillowcase full of like some silver, you know, some fucking silver. Nothing that like Utensils. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So Something a rube robber might take. Right. A fool. So, I mean, clearly my, clearly the son-in-law. Okay, here's the fucking twist. Okay. 40 years later it's still unsolved. What, despite all that evidence that clearly points at the son-in-law. But what do they have like motive that the son-in-law, The son-in-law has never been a suspect. Oh. And he's a lawyer now, so.


Alright. Oh, here's what I think happened. I think, and Ginny was a sole inheritor inherited a quarter of a million dollars Oh shit. In the, in seventies money. And that's 25 million in today's dollars. Is it? Oh, like you could, wow, Karen. Oh my God. If it's numbers, I'm definitely lying. I love those conversions when they're like, this is how much it is know in today's money. I know, I know. I just read one today. That was like a hundred thousand in the seventies. Ah, shit. Now I don't remember what it was. I believe you, I believe you The way that, that when I have to ask you about Roman numerals, you can say anything to me and I would believe you That I knew. Yeah.


That was that I knew. Okay. So I'll always tell you when I'm lying. I appreciate that. Okay. So I, I just think like, he hired a hit some hitman if a phone call happened, it was the, the people at the scene saying it's done. And Ginny didn't know about it. And So he said that phone call wa was actually this thing instead. Right. Or the phone call never happened and she was in on it. Do you think the neighbor was in on it? That it was Mr. Lucky at the assassination? It sounds, I don't know enough about him, but based on those two little details Yeah. It's the racist, the blaming someone else, which I don know is a CIA that killed Kennedy.


Right. I mean, And yeah. His getting involved in it and being a private detective, which I feel like you know more about how to commit a crime. Well, Sure. Than otherwise. Yeah. You see it all the time. Yeah. I'll say this, what's suspicious to me, that just dawned on me, why would that woman call her son-in-law? Right. Instead of the cops. And when there are three men in her house. That's a good point. And in addition to that, the family didn't like the son-in-law. They were trying to get her to, to leave him Because she was only 19, you said. Yeah. Yeah. So they were trying, they were like against this marriage, why would she call them? And there's so many instances in this whole crime that it's like, why weren't the cops called?


Wow. Yeah. Starting with her with the mother, which probably never happened. So that's why the cops were never called. Yeah. And then multiple times with the son-in-law and the daughter weren't called. Right. So, yeah. Crazy. And then da da da. Okay. There's still, there's, they're still looking into it. There's a $40,000 reward offered. And some someone said, investigator said, and in my opinion, Mrs. Germ never made that phone call. When somebody, when some people come into your house to kill you, they're not gonna let you make a phone call. Right. Of course I speculate. Yeah. Maybe the call happened, but from a hitman that they hired and, okay.


I also wanna give a shout out to jody.com. No wait, it's called, I did it for Jodi. JODI e.com. That is a really cool, like a true crime blog that had a lot of good information.


Is that name in reference to Mark David Chapman possibly who tried to kill Reagan for Jodie Foster? Maybe. Oh wait, no, I'm sorry. Jody Arias. I've never seen you. What did I, you Just, I could, I could have, I think I got the name wrong. Was it Hinkley? Hinkley? I'm thinking of John Hinkley. I never that tried to tell Reagan. Mark David Chapman is the one that killed John Lennon. Yep. And then you just threw Jody Arias in there for fun Facts. You guys we're strong on facts.


So We're passionate about a lot of different names. I did it for jody.com. Good little true crime blog. That's very cool. I've Had a lot of cool information and I fucking went all over the place for this thing. I was so fascinated by it. I just can't believe Oh Yeah, He did it. There's just nothing. No, but they didn't even, he was never even a suspect. That's weird. It was a small town. Small Town. Only unsolved murder. Wow. Yeah. Is he still, like you said, he became a lawyer. He's a lawyer, he's still, they're divorced. She won't now, she now won't cooperate with the cops anymore. She's like, I gave him all the information I could, huh.


Yeah. What do you think? Was that anti climactic? Do I ask that every time? I think you do. I really do. Well it's always when there's, when there's no resolution. I mean, it's always just, it makes me wanna ask 95 questions, Which are the ones I love. I love when there's like, I love 'em. Good mystery. You know what I was thinking about is that other one that you had that was from Japan or whatever Yes. Where they killed the family. Totally. I think about that one all the time. Who the fuck was it? What, why It's enough information that it should have been able to be solved. That drives me crazy. Well, The frustrating thing too is that it's not like when you're on this side of it and you don't know, you have it in your head that it's gonna be some fascinating reveal. Yeah. And it's always like, oh, that guy.


Like That's why. Yeah. I mean that's, it's irritating why, that's why I like cold cases because it, you can imagine that it's, it's more, it's deeper than it than just the stupidity of some killing someone. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Okay, we're back. I had a lot of questions back then. Do you have any answers now? I do. I have actual updates and this case, I would call it solved. Oh. But there's still a mystery, so it's kind of like, you know, kind of comforting. So 50 years after the murders in 2022 officials identified the perpetrators of this crime because the case was reopened in 2019 after a man came forward saying that his father once admitted to killing three people in the North Carolina mountains during a thunderstorm.


And so the father's name was Billy Sunday, Bert. And he was the only suspect still alive. And he gave up the names of his accomplices, which were Bobby Jean Gaddis, Charles David Reed, and someone named Billy Wayne Davis, which is actually the name of a comedian friend of ours. So that's kind of fucking crazy. Right. That's Truly wild. I mean, He's, he's not involved. He is truly not involved. Really not his style. Not at all, actually is a part of our origin story. Totally. He was there when we first met and first started talking About, yeah, he's married, married to Aaron Dewey. Lennox. And so all of these people were members of the so-called Dixie Mafia, which we've talked about before.


Yeah. And so the Dixie Mafia, according to NBC news, is a Georgia based, loosely organized network believed to have engaged in dozens of violent crimes across the southeast in the 1960s and the 1970s. So it's the mafia, it's the South. Yeah. The thing is, Davis confirms that the killing was a contract killing, but the problem is we don't know who the person who ordered it was and why. So that's kind of a big deal kind. It's very important. Yeah. And we speculate so much in the story that I'm kind of uncomfortable with it. Yeah. It's, we do it in a way that we did in the beginning where we didn't think about who we were throwing accusations at.


Right. Like the daughter, the son-in-law. Like we never said a legend until much later. Of course not. Yeah. So we were It's true. We were just sitting there like laying on a couch and in your apartment thinking like we were just hypothesizing. Totally. Exactly. Yes. Just like, what if, what if? And yes, that kind of sensitivity, it just took us, that's a perspective I just wasn't considering. Right. At all. And I feel the same way about the JonBenet Ramsey case, where it's just like, how fun is it just to be like, what if it's this? What if it's that? What if it's that? But we're doing it in public and what if more than likely it's not right. And you're just causing more pain and wounds. So, Right.


And it goes hand in hand with like, we are not the kind of people that would assume a bunch of people would want to listen to us. Right. Do what we're doing. Right. And that was like, that's just our, you know, that's our learning curve that makes this show a little painful and a little like, we don't wanna look back and be like, oh, that means we're bad people. Yeah. 'cause there is a real naivete, if not straight up ignorance. Right. And as, as we say, we were always like working from the place where it was, which was, you know, people claiming on newspapers that fucking Berg Ramsey did it. You know, it's like that was the culture. We were the national inquirer generation.


Yeah. Where that little murdered girl's face was on that newspaper. Yeah. In the grocery store when you were 15 years old, you were staring at her every single day. Yeah. You're Desensitized too. Completely. Completely. Yeah. And so the son-in-law, Troy passed away in 2019. It remains unclear if he had any involvement whatsoever. And yeah, that's it. So I don't know if we'll ever know who ordered that hit. Wow. I know. I wonder if there's like Dixie Mafia, there's a file cabinet somewhere. Oh, you Gotta hope That it's just like some weird reveal where Yeah. At some point. Hey, was your grandpa in the Dixie Mafia?


Will you tell us about it? At My favorite murder at Gmail. That has to be a hometown, right? Yeah. For real. Get any kind of Dixie Mafia, anything that you might know. Yeah. For a second. I thought you were asking me if my grandpa was, or I'm like, my, my grandpa was was from Galway, Ireland. Yeah, right. Almost as likely as my grandpa being. All right. So let's listen to Karen's story. This one. Ugh, this is an epic classic MFM. It has classic merch, but we're gonna tell you about too, like Classic merch that I wear around the office every Day. You do. I mean, it's still like one of the, I think it's like up there with Mary Vincent story of like, you know, core memories of stories In my heart.


For sure. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So this is Karen's story about the survival of Terry Joe Alt.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra. And experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, epigene and melatonin Beam already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Girlies like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A nice hot drink. And you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer, yet. For a limited time, try Their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's Shop BEA m.com/murder and Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye.


Goodbye.


It's tax season. And by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Alright, well you wanna hear mine? Absolutely. Well, mine is pretty interesting. I I remembered that I read this book called, let Me See the Bible. God I love it. And I'm here to tell you about it too. It's called Alone Orphaned on the Sea. Ooh. Which is what I wanted to call my book, but forget it. Oh, sorry. Orphaned on the ocean. I can call mine or Orphaned on the sea now. So I got really into, for a little while before I ever saw the show I survived, which I cannot get on the lifetime on my Apple tv.


I can't get it on my laptop. Oh my gosh. I can't, it will not let me access even for money. It won't let me watch old episodes of I Survived. And I think that's wrong and someone needs to do something about it. We, we need listen. Is it lifetime? Well, it's like lifetime.com. They lifetime. They only have them on their website. I think You're missing out on a great opportunity for a shout out. Instead. Karen's just disappointed. I'm just mad. But I love all your movies. Anyhow, so I read that I was super in, I got into these stories of survival for a little while in the, I would say mid nineties maybe. I was having a hard time myself, I can't remember.


And I remember reading this book and being fascinated by it. And the, the thing that Drew drew me to the book initially is the, on the cover of the book, there's a picture and it's just the open ocean and then a tiny in the middle, a tiny white raft and a little girl sitting in it. No. Is it a photograph? It's a photograph of the person I'm about to tell you about and how she was found. Okay. Losing my mind. Losing my mind. Can I look at the photo? Should I wait, I'm gonna wait. I have the pho, I have the picture on my phone for you. Everyone go look at the Durham family murder bathtub scene and then it's not gruesome except they're all dead. Oh my God. This little girl Alone or shit down the ocean.


Holy shit. All right, so this is the story of Terry Joe Dero and she was from Green Bay, Wisconsin when this happened to her. She was 11 years old and her father Arthur was an optometrist from, also from Green Bay. Obviously she wasn't from a different area and Arthur had always dreamed of taking on a year off and sailing around like The Bahamas basically sailing the world with his family. He had been in World War II and he had been in like the tropics. And So he thought that would be amazing, especially it was coming up on winter in Green Bay.


Yeah, fuck that. And yeah. Right. And So he, he'd always wanted to basically live on a boat for like a year. Okay. And so his idea was he's gonna take the family down to The Bahamas, they're gonna rent a sailboat and try it out for a week, see if the kids actually like it or if he's just full of beans and, and then see, see where their adventure will take them. Okay. So they, they fly down to Florida and they charter a two massive sailboat called the Blue Bell. And they hire Captain Julian Harvey, who is a former air force fighter pilot and an experienced sailor.


And they have him captain in the ship. And does That seem weird to like be like my whole family and some guy? Yeah. Well the guy brought his wife Mary. Okay. So I think they were kind of acting as like the casual crew. It was a swinger Situation. It was super key party. Okay, so because this was also in, oh this was 1961. Okay. So they sailed outta Florida on November 8th, 1961 and they sailed east toward the island of Bimini. Ooh. Bimini. Bimini bill.


Sorry. And then they went on to Sandy Point on the Great Alba Abaco Island and the family spent a week there snorkeling and collecting shells on pink and white beaches. They just had a gorgeous vacation and they had such a good time that Dr. OT told the village commissioner 'cause they had to fill out paperwork to go back to America that he planned to return before Christmas. So they were super into the sail, boating family dream. Cool. So then they left and they set sail for home. And that night around 9:00 PM Terry Joe headed downstairs to the sleep, her sleeping quarters in the back of the boat.


Her brother and little sister had stayed upstairs in the cockpit with the parents. And around 11 she woke up 'cause she heard her brother yelling, daddy help. And then she heard stomping sounds and then it went quiet and she laid in her bunk shaking and confused and not sure what was going on. And she's 11. She's 11 years old. Oh my gosh. Okay. So finally she sneaks up to the main cabin and she sees her mother and brother lying in a big pool of blood. Holy shit. So she said the second she saw them, she knew she, they were dead. So she went past them and snuck up to the cockpit hatch and she stuck her head out and she saw more blood on the deck and she saw a knife on the ground.


Oh my God. So she crawls out of the hatch 'cause she's trying to find her dad and Captain Harvey runs at her and growls get back down there and pushes her down the stairs. Holy shit. So she closes her eyes, runs past her brother and mom, and goes back to her bunk and gets into her, get, goes back to her cabin and gets back in the bunk. And she lays there. She doesn't know what to do. She's obviously probably in shock, freaking out. Then she hears sloshing and she looks down and the floor of her sleeping quarters is covered in oily water and she realizes the ship is sinking. Oh my God. So she's afraid to move, but she looks up and then suddenly the captain's standing in the doorway staring at her and he's carrying her brother's rifle and he stares at her for a little bit.


Then he just turns and walks away. So she lays in bed frozen stiff, doesn't know what to do, but pretty soon the water's up to her mattress. Oh my God. So she knew she had to get outta there. So she wades through waist deep water out of her cabin, out through or out of her quarters, out through the main cabin. She goes back up on deck and she looks over the side and she sees that the, the life raft is already in the water. And Captain Harvey walks up to her and hands her the rope that connects connecting the life raft and says, hold onto this. I'll be back in a second. And she's in such shock and fear, she drops the rope.


And so as he's walking away, he looks and sees that the rope is going and the dinghy starting to float away. Oh my God. So he dives in after it and he dives in after it. And she watched him swim after the boat and disappear Holy into the night. Oh my God. I gotta, I have so many questions. Go on. I stole that last line directly from the Reader's Digest article that I was reading about this story. I read several articles about it, but Reader's Digest was the main one. And I just wanna thank them for being an American Classic. I Miss that. I used to read that when I was a kid. That's all I read. That's not true. When you went to the bathroom at your aunt's house, I didn't wanna say it, but that's, It's all about Reader's Digest. Oh, Man. Cover to cover.


So, okay. So it's an 11-year-old girl standing on a sinking boat. Fuck. Who's witnessed her family murdered. Part of her family murdered. She, what does she do? Does she cry? Does she cower? No. She remembers that there is a small cork life raft in the cockpit. So she runs and grabs it and as she does, as she grabs a hold of it. And they, they, they don't describe this that much, but she basically runs forward to the front of the boat, grabs the life raft. By the time she gets there, the boat is sinking under her feet. Oh my God. So she is just enough time to jump onto it as the boat goes under the water.


Whoa. So she basically went down with this ship and then jumped onto this little cork life raft. Holy shit. So now she's alone at sea in a tiny raft. It's ti it's three feet long. I mean, you, you saw it in that picture. Yeah. She barely, she doesn't fit into it. She couldn't lay down in it. It's half her. It's probably like, can hold her legs. So she has a blouse and pants on. She's freezing cold. It's pitch black. There's no moon out. She can't see. So she keeps getting hit with huge waves and the salt water's getting in her eyes and stinging her eyes. She can't open her eyes. And she's afraid that Captain Harvey is nearby.


Oh my God. So that's, then it starts raining. So come her first night out in the water. Bad news. Okay. Anytime you're lost, you're out at sea. I wouldn't be looking for good news. Although, I wonder if that the not salt water that it was raining down was helpful in some way. Like she could drink it or Something. Oh, maybe. You mean hydration wise? Yeah. For a second. I thought you meant, I wonder if, if she was in a fresh water, Was she in a fish tank? Was she, did she go to Lake Havasu? Okay. So she wake up, wakes up the next morning, the sun comes out. She's not cold anymore. Now of course she's boiling hot.


Oh, I've seen Joe versus volcano. I know what it's like. Oh Yeah. You know what it's like to be on a raft. But his raft was nice. It was pretty sweet. Huge. And he had that great suitcase. Yeah. Her raft was slowly disintegrating. No. Yes. Sweet Baby angel. So she has to hang her legs over the side to float, like the, the plastic rubbery part that has the air in it is the part that's not disintegrating. So she has to sit on the edge and then hang her legs over the side. Then parrot fish come and start biting her legs. What Are parrot fish? They sound like dicks. I don't know. It Sounds like a Oh, they start biting her legs. I bet They're the ones that you see in tropical fish tanks. Yeah. They think they're all big, but they're fancy colors in their teeth.


Fucking shark food. So that's her first day. It sucks. The next day it's her First day. It sucks. It sucks. This is the best description I've ever heard. The next day she wakes up her tongue is swelling in her mouth because of all the salt that she's taking in. Oh no. And no hydration. And then she sees a plane and she's waving. She takes her shirt off and waves and waves and waves. This, this white shirt over her head. It dips down toward her a little bit and then flies away and never comes back. Wait, Wait. No. Yeah. That was how she Was gonna get saved. Nope. So that afternoon she spot some shapes swimming in the water about 30 yards away.


And she's scared to death 'cause she thinks they're sharks Tender foe. When they come closer. It's a pot of porpoises that swim with her. No. For Hours, no. And hours. It never, no. Now we all cry at the beauty of nature. Are You fi Are you, this is 100% sure for sure this Happened. Yes. This is from her. This is her book alone. Orphan of the Ocean. What did they, what did they, Because I know, but like, how did it ha Oh my God. Have You ever seen those specials where they have children that have like brain damage or some kind of disease, get into water with a dolphin? They do studies and their brain function improves when they're around dolphins.


Aw. Dolphins have like a weird fucking children ESP and they know when something's in the water and needs their help. And they're beautiful Gre to, and you have to stop killing them. Okay. So, Oh my God. Amazing. I thought you was, I thought you were really crying for a second. What if I was accusing you personally of Calling them? Yeah. Georgia Please. With law tuna. Alright. Okay. So that night the sea is totally still. Now the, I'm gonna admit to a half lie in this because I remember this from the book, but I read this book almost 20 years ago. Okay. Knowhow. Who knows what bullshit I've layered on top of this, but I'm pretty sure I remember this.


Yeah. That the sea, this one night was still so she could see the stars like down the, down to the horizon. Wow. And there was a bioluminescent algae in the water. So it was all like, she basically said she wasn't that scared. Yeah. Until the very end. Because these cool things kept happening. And that was one of them that she saw like, that the whole ocean was glowing green. And then she could see every single star. This reminds me of James and the giant peach. Yeah. Remember when they were in the ocean and the peach. I Fucking love that book. I Read that. That was my favorite book in the whole World. Except for the co the copy I had, because it was from like 1979 because it was, when I was a child, there was an illustration of James at the beginning.


That is the saddest picture of any child ever. I tweeted at one time. Oh my God. It's so sad When, when his parents got killed by a fucking rhino that escaped from the zoo. Yeah. Hardcore. Maybe that's why I always thought my pa fa my parents were gonna die. Yes. Because that was my favorite book. Yes. 'cause Rod doll liked to plant those pretty early. And often he, he did just be prepared to be an orphan. Just in case. Which I appreciate to a, to a degree he should have Said, be prepared to be an orphan of the sea. Yeah. Because that could also happen. Fucking Tie it in. Go ahead. So I had to bring it back that night when she fell asleep, she dreamed of, she saw her father peacefully drinking a glass of red wine and telling her, come on, we're leaving.


So when she woke up on the third day, she was really sore. Her skin was burnt through her clothes. All her joints ached. She had been balancing on the edge of that raft. 'cause almost all the bottom was now gone. Yeah. And she started hallucinating. She would see tiny islands with one palm tree on them, and then start paddling, paddling, paddling. And then when she'd get to them, they would disappear. Oh my God. On the Fourth Farside comic. I Know On the fourth day, she didn't wake up in the morning. She was losing consciousness. She was close to death. And when she finally did wake up, she woke up. 'cause she felt a shadow over her.


And when she opened her eyes, she said she saw a huge whale hanging in, in the air above her. Whoa. But what it actually was, was a Greek freighter that miraculously had, someone had spotted her on this Greek freighter. And that's the person, one of the people, one of the sailors on this ship took that picture that I showed you. Holy shit. The second they saw her. So that was her still lost at sea, basically. Oh. And she didn't even know yet. So she, for her, the experience for her was a whale was hanging over her and then she was being lifted in the air. And then she was in big strong arms. And then she was asleep.


And the next thing she knew, she woke up and she was, she was at the hospital in Florida. Big strong arms, Big strong arms And a whale And Greek arms. So they'd have that real good hair. Yeah. Real good wrist. Shiny. Maybe a pipe. Probably a smells like, smells like a pipe. But he smells like a pipe. He smell like a pipe. He'd definitely have a big beard. Oh Yeah. Okay. Okay. This is just a fantasy smell. Yes. This is a different podcast. Alright. So she got helicoptered to, to the hospital in Miami. She was treated for dehydration and severe sunburn In a week. She recovered with no serious injuries. Holy shit. But not so for Zocdoc, for Captain Julian, Julian Harvey.


Oh hell no. Who's gonna call him doctor? So Captain Harvey was rescued the next day Oh. By a lookout on, on an oil tanker that was headed for Puerto Rico. And when they found him, he had the dead body of Terry Joe's 7-year-old sister Renee in the life raft. What? Why? He told the Coast guard that he had found her in the water and tried to revive her. And so basically, but she, the, the autopsy showed that she, she drowned. So he, the story he told the Coast Guard was that the blue bell was damaged in a squall in the middle of the night. And his wife and the duos were injured when the masks and rigging collapsed.


He said gas lines in the engine room ruptured. And the ship caught fire as it slowly sank. He said he'd managed to launch the dinghy and raft and dive overboard. But the tangled rigging had trapped everyone else on board. The police were totally suspicious, but there was nothing to prove otherwise. And then three days later, Oh my God, Terry Joe shows up survived. Boom. And when Harvey finds out that she survived, he killed himself in his hotel room. Holy Shit. So turns out they do some investigating and Harvey had serious financial problems and he had just taken out a life insurance policy on his wife, Mary. Those fucking life insurance policies. It's not, they need to, there needs to be more steps before you can just take out a life insurance policy on your wife.


Yeah. Or Husband. Yeah. Or Children. The police theorized that he had killed his wife for the insurance money, but was caught in the act by Arthur Deux prompting him. Prompting Harvey to murder him and the rest of his family. Yeah. It was found later. Found that Mary had been Harvey's sixth wife. What? And not the first to die while married to him. Come on. He had Miraculously survived a car accident that had claimed another wife of his and her mother, both his yacht TROs, which is a terrible fucking name. And his powerboat valiant had both sunk under suspicious circumstances.


Fuck. They had all yielded large insurance settlements. Jesus. Turns out Captain Harvey was kind of a serial killer. Oh my God. Terry Jo was raised in Wisconsin by her aunt. She never talked about the ordeal. Her family told everyone not to bring it up in front of her. So she lived with this for years and years and years. Does that seem mentally healthy to you? It is not mentally healthy. Yeah. You guys, it's the worst thing you could do. Talk About your trauma. You have to talk about it. Talk about it to someone who is trained professionally, Someone cool. And who's trained. You have to talk about things like Yeah. You, I mean, come on. I think if people, I think these days people know that.


But this was, yeah. The sixties, it was Wisconsin. Yeah. Press It way down deep. This is, I mean that's, you know, that's what a lot of families do. Yeah. My family is very much like, eh, don't bring it up. Yeah. We don't wanna bother anybody. Right. So she finally went to therapy as an adult. Ooh. And 50 years later, she wrote a book with a survival psychologist named Richard Logan called Alone orphaned on the ocean. Oh my God. And she actually took sodium amol, which I believe is Oh True serum Tristan. So that she could remember everything that, so she went all the way back. It's so fucking cool. Yeah. Holy shit. That's our girl, Terry.


Joe Dero. I wanna read that. And she has an I survived. No, of course she does. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I wanna see that. But I didn't, I didn't pick this one because I saw it on, I survived. 'cause the I survived doesn't for me. Doesn't tell you enough. They Take all the good ones. They really, I mean they do. That is so I have never heard that before. That's A good one. Right? Very good one. 11 years old. I think you won. Is this a game? I think you won. It can't be a game. Please. Well, also if it's a game, the pe when, you know, when you have a big capte, captain Harvey Oh Yeah. Is a serial killer reveal. I mean Yeah. But also a girl arriving in a boat. That's pretty fucking sweet.


It's pretty goddamn cinematic. Can I add that none of the hands of the family in the bathtub were tied behind their back? Where were they Tied? They weren't tied is what I, or like, so maybe they were unconscious from being strangled. Yes. They would have to be, because There was no defense rules. There's no defense rules. There's no fighting. But their hands are free. Yeah. But yeah. Yes. That doesn't make sense. No. Okay. I'm not trying to one up you, I'm just No, No. Remembered that part. Please, please. But also, you said the wife was strangled, but the other two had rope burns around their neck. Yeah. Like they were hung. No, I think they were all strangled. Okay. By, by. Oh, there's like a, like a, some kind of rope that would tie like that they got at the house.


So, so it's not like they brought these weapons with them. Right. Whoever killed them. Right. Right. This might be a good time to say, considering the fact that that guy's a lawyer, that everything that we accuse him of is alleged. Alleged hearsay And, and not proven Speculation. Gossip. Yeah. Podcasting. Fuck. You're right. Shit Guys, please aren't tell On us. And that was the end of the podcast that they did ended. Not Really. You think you're smart? You think you're funny and smart. Guess what? Is that how he sounds? He's from North Carolina. Right? That's true. That, yeah. I don't know where that accent Sounds. No, I buy it.


Well, that's some fucked up shit. Yeah. Well Go to our Instagram, instagram.com/ My favorite murder. Go to Twitter. My favorite murder at Twitter Facebook page. Fucking hang out with us. Hang Out. Oh. But the one thing I will say please is now we're getting lots of recommendations. If it's on Let's Stop pretending Netflix has a bunch of choices. Yeah. Netflix has like, let's say 20 British shows. Yeah. We've seen 'em all. If it's on Netflix or HBO, The challenge to you is to find a British procedural.


I haven't seen Good luck. And the person who suggested DCI Banks, I laugh in your face. Just kidding. I don't even think that's what they're suggesting. But I mean, I've se I've honestly seen them all. Someone said, I've seen them all, including Midsummer. Midsummer Mysteries. Which really is like total grandma tv. Yeah. I've tried to watch that one too. Oh my God. But it's very Grandma, You love that shit, man. I do. And sorry that, that was just, I had to tag that on. No, I get it. I, I appreciate it. Okay. It's kind of, it's sweet. It's, the intentions are sweet Of course. But also enough, Well just gimme something new. Yeah. That's all for sure. Yeah.


Well you guys, thanks for listening You guys. Oh, Haven't even asked you yet. Yeah. Have I, You're jumping your line. Do you want a cookie? There he goes. Okay, we're back. I still think you won This week. I mean, I mean Well I think this story is so, it's extraordinary. And there's nothing better, I think, than a survival story unless it's a survival story of a little girl. Yeah, Yeah. Who by all accounts should not have survived that.


No, it's a fucking miracle. It's a miracle. And like in the beginning, it's not just like, oh, she was on a cruise ship and the cruise ship went down. Yeah. What she experienced before she then became stranded at sea Totally. Was so horrifying and like traumatic from a movie. It just wild. Yeah. What an incredible, incredible survival story. Do you have any updates? I do have a few. Terry Joe has a different last name. Her three children and her grandchildren live near her. She spent 14 years as a water management specialist in the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources. Wow. And she says, quote, I went on to protect the water that had protected me as a little girl.


Water is life and it is soothing for me to be on the beach. I find I can think clearly, relax and feel closer to my lost family. That's so beautiful and pure because she could have been deathly afraid for the rest of her life of water in the ocean. Yes. And that would make perfect sense. But to embrace it as the thing that saved her, not the thing that tormented her, you know? Right. For all those days she was out there is like such an interesting, like I think we should all take a little something from that. She Seems very, yes. She seems like the kind of person that having gone through a thing that a lot of us would be like, I don't know if I could actually get through that. Especially at that age. Yeah. She didn't just get through it.


But she, especially in that book, if you haven't read her book, you absolutely should. But it's like the philosophical part of her is just like, well here's what we're all gonna learn from this. Yeah. And here's what it means to me. I get to make up what it means to me. Yeah. Not, you know, not the circumstances. Right. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Let's all do that. It's Very cool. So when this came out, my dear friend Kat Solan, who's an incredible artist, came up with a rad design. It's a little girl on a raft. It's like a little cartoon drawing, but it's like, ah, it, it invokes so many emotions. The drawing. It's such beautiful art. It really is. It's truly my favorite. Yeah. A cat's so good at that. So we're gonna sell it for one week only.


We're gonna bring it back. You can pre-order a limited edition zip hoodie or mug. And you can get that at exactly right. store.com. So run over there and get that. It's taken from the real picture that was taken from the deck of the freighter of her rescuers. So like it, it's beautiful art, but then it's also like it's the art is based on a true store. Yeah. It's just like the coolest. Coolest. And we're gonna close this pre-order at midnight on January 21st. So don't wait. Go get it. If you like that art, you can finally get it again for the first time in years. Yay. So this episode, as we were talking about originally titled I 28, His Liver With Some Fava Beans and A Nice Chianti.


So if we were gonna rename it today, what are some ideas of what we should pick? Okay. If we were to name it now based on something we said during the episode, how about my safe is behind my picture. When you were talking about Warren burglars, nowhere to hide stuff in the home, and you just fucking told everyone basically, my safe is behind my picture is a, is a good, I could see that on on our iTunes, you know? That's Right. Although I don't have a safe. And then I also said, now we all cry after telling you about how the dolphins swam with her. The dolphins swam with her, stayed with her. Incredible. And they probably chased those fucking parrot fish away. Yeah, that's right.


Dicks and those asshole sharks. Oh my God. I think now we all cry. Now we all cry. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good one. All right. Thanks for looking back at the past with us and we like doing it. Yeah. That was another one. Another rewind. We did it. We'll do it again. Why not? Stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


It's tax season. And by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money and refunds the IRS flag for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers. With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


ID tech.


The first and most trusted tech camp is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people the coding and creating people, the fire breathing shell, spinning battle bots, people the just as happy building games as they are playing them. People At 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country, ID tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, game design and more. Visit id tech.com and Use code ID tech to save $150 on a week. That's guaranteed to be a highlight of summer.