
This is exactly right.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality, and go anywhere attitude or a test Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with Code space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love Storytelling and I love You. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello And Welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. You see, every Wednesday we transport you to a simpler time back when the iPhone seven was cutting edge and Suicide Squad dominated the box office. That's right. So join us as we take you back to August 11th, 2016, because now you can basically all be day one listeners. And today we're recapping episode 29, which at the time we named 29 with the German spelling of the word, 9 29, I think is how you pronounce it Seems problematic to me in the light of 2025, In the light of everything, everything is problematic. Yeah, that's very true.


So let's listen to the intro to episode 29. Welcome To My favorite Murder. That's Karen k Gareth. That Is Georgia HeartStart. You know, no one can tell our voices apart still. I know. It's pretty weird. Someone Sent us say, I love when the true the hometown murders are people sending in. Like I know secret information about the case you already covered. Yes. Because I know people from the, whatever the fuck. We Love that. And Someone was like last week sent us one and was like, Karen, I'm sorry to disappoint you, but it was my case. Yeah. I was like, huh? I'm sorry.


No, we're sorry to disappoint you. Yeah. Yeah. There's, that happens a lot when people talk about, I love when I think they say like Karen says, oh my fucking God, during when George is telling you whatever it was, it was like the reverse. And I knew it was for sure. 'cause it was like one of your phrases. Yeah. Jesus fucking Christ. But yeah, I mean, I, I just think it's precious. It's so weird. I feel like, I mean, we're such different people. There was a fucking thing on Facebook that was like, are you a Karen or a Georgia? Did you see That? Oh no. And it made Me sad, kind of. Oh no, why? 'cause I Was like, nobody wants to be me. Were they both bad? No, Everyone loves you. And I'm not, I was just, everyone's like, I'm a Karen, but my best friend is a Georgia, so that's fine.


I'm a Karen. How do we, and then people were were like, it's funny how people will explain to other people how you can tell the difference between us. And it's that you sing everything. Yes. That's me. And I also have a scratchy voice because sometimes, sometimes late at night, I smoke cigarettes. You do not. Yeah, I do. Do you Karen? Yeah, sometimes. And you can tell, you can actually, you can tell how many I've been smoking. 'cause like right now I've been smoking too many. I don't know why I am scandalized by This week. Are you really? Maybe it's because you never told me and I feel like I thought we knew. I thought I knew you. No, I don't. It's also Because it's such a special thing that you do alone. I think it's wonderful that you have that time to yourself.


Well, sometimes at my house, like I'm home at the end of the Night and you have a great backyard. What else are you gonna use it for? I can sit in that backyard. Sometimes I just stick my fee right in that pool. Karen, You're living the life I wanna live. It's pretty, I don't mind it, but it's also like I'm tired and I don't get to drink anymore and I don't get to do anything anymore. Dude, dude. So I'll just smoke a little of hand-rolled Valley shag cigarette. Do you used to hand the roll 'em yourself? Yeah. Karen, this is why everyone wanted to be you Because I'm so fucking European. They were saying like, Karen's a badass and I wanna be, I think it's 'cause I'm scared of everything and talk about therapy. All do. That's all it is, is is you are honest about your anxieties.


And I'm always like, just try to kill me. Which is the most insane thing. Every once in a while it'll hit me where I'm like, oh, I've actually said that out loud in permanently. These, these recordings are permanent. There's nothing we can do about it. I am. And I've actually been like, I don't care. When the end days come totally unre. There's gonna be no record of this. So it doesn't matter When what Happens, the end days come. Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is all gonna be wiped off, but Well, The grid's gonna go down and Oh Yeah. It won't matter what's recorded because we won't be able to access It. Yeah. Delta is the first fucking, is the first Airplane line that'll Go down. No, it just went down like yesterday. Delta. What? They had like a blackout really? At their main hub and everything was grounded.


And it's like across The country. Yeah. And they're like, there was just a glitch and you're like, bullshit. Bullshit. I, whenever I hear those things, and it was like someone, there was just a glitch. No way. Uhuh don't even, no, there was, that was the lizard men that are underneath the Denver airport. Yes, They are. They're down there and they're fucking with the mainframe. Man. Don't even, How much did you love? As soon as I heard this on Stranger Things, that they had a fucking MK Ultra Line. Like, wait, really? Storyline? Did you watch it All? No. I ha I think I have like two left or three left. Have You been to the possible eleven's mom's house yet?


No. Yes. They they mentioned MK Ultra in that, that That's what Oh, that's why she's like that. Yeah. Because she was one of the people they were experimenting on. Because anyone listen to this. I I don't wanna, I don't wanna spoil anything. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Spoilers. I, okay. I missed that detail. I just thought They say MK Ultra it. Holy shit. Yeah. Oh, that makes me like it 1000 times more. Yeah. Okay. I have to go back and get through. I have to on be honest, when I binge watch shows, especially on Netflix, and you just can like, it hit enter on the blue box and you just keep going. There'll be times where I'll just fall asleep and I don't even know which one I'm on. I just wake up and keep watching Whatever's on. I have the kind of insomnia that you can't fall asleep in front of television.


I've never fallen asleep in front of maybe wrestling. That's Vince's fault. Wow. We couldn't be more different. That's how I fall asleep every night. It's very bad for you to, to sleep in front of the TV Too. Well now I wonder how bad it is. I I can't fall asleep now without listening to the Sleep With Me podcast. Oh, that's good. Like, I can't You're his Slave. I'm his slave. Aw. It's the best. So I wonder if someday they're gonna be like, it's worse than falling asleep to tv 'cause he is infiltrating my dreams. That's right. Well, if he is from NK Ultra, you're screwed. Oh, Yeah. Yeah. If he has, I'm okay with it. Do you think He, If he's so great, you're fine with it. I'm fine with it. Whatever his agenda might be. Like. Same with Elvis, when everyone and everyone is like, oh, they, you know, you get a virus from cats and it takes over your brain and makes you a zombie.


And I'm like, I don't care. He's so cute. He's so nice. He's so sweet. If he thinks I need to to be a zombie, then I'll, you know, he knows what's best for me. Sure. Absolutely. Yeah. And also, you know, you're gonna go, whether you're a zombie for a cat or you get hit by a bus, you are going to leave this earthly plane. So just accept it. Yeah. This head smells like a library book. The girl who was in love with her cat Be all right. Do you have housekeeping? I Have a housekeeping. That makes me very happy. Oh, good. Because it's twofold. Housekeeping. It was a tweet that my hero, Nico case singer songwriter Nico case tweeted.


You got a tiny little happy clap from Steven just now. Yay. We all, we love her. Love Nico case. Don't tell me that the connection was lost and there was a loading error phone. Oh, no. Well, basically she retweeted this story. I'm pretty sure it was from the CBC about how their gov, the Canadian government is now opening an investigation on all the missing in indigenous women in Canada. So that's like all the women. So, you know, like Robert Pickton, I, I'm going to eventually do one on him. Yeah. If you don't beat me to it. He's the pig farmer in Canada that was just murdering women. And they, I think it was in the hundreds. Did He feed?


Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's a bad one. It's so Dark. I wouldn't tackle dark. It's yours. Okay. 'cause it's too dark. It's too, it's too something for me. But I don't know what yet. Too Many pigs. Too many pigs, man. Yeah. No, it's just, yeah, I don't know. Well, So there's, it's Too making a murderer. Oh, okay. In a lot of different ways. Go ahead. Sorry. Well, There's just a, there's been a bunch of, and this is very, in America, I think our version of it is women of color, black women that get murdered. And it's just as if no one talks about it. Isn't you? You see all the little blonde girls Yeah. Are always on the news if they're go missing or are murdered.


Yeah. But it doesn't happen with black women. And so the Canadian version, I think is indigenous women. Indian women is the incorrect term for it. But so the, there's the highway of tears. Yeah. Where women go disappearing on it. Robert Pickton, they named another guy that I didn't recognize the name. I hope Pickton is the right lesson. Anyway, You know what? I won't do mass murders because I feel like I won't give enough time to each of the women. I'd rather do a, this is what the victim was, who the victim was, their story. Right. Then here's who the murderer was. And it's like, and there's 19 women, right? Yeah. No, then that's okay. This Is bad for You. That's yours. But anyway, it's, it, it's like hundreds Jesus of indigenous, indigenous women have gone missing.


And the last say, if I could open this article, I would, God, I would be accurate with my numbers. Sorry, but No, that's okay. Do You wanna pause? I have. I can give you my wifi connection. Well, I know you every time you get upset that let's pause It. The gen No, no, no, no. It's fine. 'cause the general idea is just, yeah. What Nico case was trying to get the word out about, and I I retweeted it on, on our Twitter feed as well, is just the government is trying to do something about it. They're trying to find the women, they're trying to investigate the murders. They're trying to actually put a focus and say, these women are important, just as important as anybody else. And we're gonna do something about this, which is humongous. That a country, like on the whole would just admit that they haven't up until this point.


And now they're going to. That's Incredible. It's really great. That's amazing. It's very hopeful to me. Yeah. About like this, it feels like a new era in crime. Thank you. Oh, the na the name of the article is just how an unflinching gaze on missing and murdered indigenous women might move Canada forward. Incredible. Very cool. And it wa I was right. It was the CDC news. I'll take it. If it's even that small, I will take an accuracy moment. I will not take it away from you. Thank You. I appreciate it. That's, I mean, that's really the, the whole story That's, I I'm still trying to think of a way that we can donate part of the proceeds or like help some way with the untested rape kit situation.


Marsha Maka. Mariska Hargitay. Thank you. I wanna give her all my money and like do it help. Georgia was in a manic episode. And Karen, She gave a multi-millionaire all her money and Karen totally was like, do it. So think George's suing Karen. I think that's a Yeah. And it all ends in a lawsuit between you and I. Oh, I didn't see that coming. 'cause of my undiagnosed manic de No, I don't have That. And we call it the big giveaway. Georgia. Really just No, no, no. I think that's a really good idea. I would love to the proceeds of something that we earn money for because this podcast goes to those untested Well, we have live shows.


Like we're you guys we're in the fucking process of like having live shows be a part of our lives. Yeah. And a part of your lives, Texas. Yeah. We're gonna invite people. Texas. What? We got some numbers back. That was a brag. But we got some numbers back and Hey, Texas turns out you like us. What The I was so surprised by that. We both started laughing so hard. But it makes sense. Yeah. That's Texas. Texas has some good murders. Texas knows what they're talking about in terms of murder. Can I just say that once we got all those, we got all this like information about our numbers and then we were driving home and we almost had to pull over to start crying with how happy we both were. Yeah. But how, well this is how, like how, what a great, It's pretty nice.


It's pretty great. It's pretty nice that we're, we're getting popular because we talk about death. Yeah. I think that's lovely. I love you guys. Thanks for listening. Okay. I also wanna say really quickly that in therapy, in therapy, one of the things I talked about was that how crazy I am and how much anxiety I am I have. Because when I go to the back of my building to do laundry, I lock my front door. And how crazy is that, that I think someone's gonna break in. And then I read an article, there's a fucking Echo Park rapist. And one of the ways he got into her house was when she was doing fucking laundry in the back of her apartment and she left her door on lock and went in There. Is it, it's, it's not anxiety when you're just being careful. I texted my therapist the article And said, in your face, bitch, No.


'cause she was like, you know, yeah. Now she doesn't wanna see me anymore. And now she said, find someone else. No, she, 'cause she was like, you know, we're allowed to take certain precautions and that's okay. Yes. And you can do that. But when you start, you know, blah, blah, blah. Then it's, so she supported it and I was like, I feel so justified. Well also, that's good. I mean, Jesus Christ. Good to know. Right? Yes. Hey, there's, there's no shame in locking things double. I lock people will walk by in the crosswalk and their part of my brain goes, they might be able to hear it if you lock the door, whatever. Oh. And it's like, I don't give a shit. Doesn't matter. There's much louder voice that says, sorry to offend you, but you don't get to, in case you had the idea.


Right. Maybe you're on some white drug. I can't Detect. So like when you're sitting at a stop sign and someone goes to walk by and you go click to lock your car door. Yeah. Yeah. You're like, well, they're gonna get mad at me. Fuck you. Well, 'cause sometimes You look creepy. That's a good way to let someone know they look creepy. Yeah. I get the idea because you're giving me the eyes. Yeah. So yeah. Don't, we've said this a million times. Fuck politeness. Fuck politeness. Essentially. Yeah. There could be new listeners who don't yet know to fuck politeness. Oh Yeah. Fuck politeness. And oh, you'll, you'll learn. There's a ton of stuff. You'll have a lot of experiences in real life that'll make you make you question. Oh, How about if you're going between the laundry room and your house?


Lock your goddamn door. Lock your fucking door. Lock your, if you live in a major city or not at your parents' house, yeah. Lock your Door. It feels really good. Because literally that, that was a worry every single time I'd walk out back is I come in the door and I check for the cats. Because if the cats were still out where they were, that meant no one was in there because, but if they were hiding, that would mean someone came in the house. Right. That's crazy. No, it's, it's not. That's a good theory. That's a theory based on observation. Yeah. And we're back. Hey, if you're still listening from Texas, thank you. Yeah, Thanks. You guys Incredible. Yeah. What a miracle. Texas was there in the beginning.


They were there. Hard for us. They do that. They do everything a little hard. Like Poor. They're Yeah. They're like, they rep and they're there. That made me think of, wasn't it in Texas? I believe Dallas, when the women got into our van to go to the theater and on purpose, The driver Was just like, yeah, no. They just thought it was like one of the Ubers or something. Yeah. And the driver was just like, yeah, I guess these are the podcasters two Girls. Yeah. That was, they were like, and then we met them as they were returned to the hotel and And returned to the laughing being us off. Yeah. And they were very funny. Yeah. Thats Texas to me. That's Texas in my heart.


The Most beautiful night. That's so funny that that was the beginning of, are you a Karen? Are you a Georgia? I know that was like our, the Buzzfeed days crazy. Oh Yeah. It was 1000 years ago. Exactly. That was a Buzzfeed quiz was So exciting. Like this was when everything was just like popping off in a really unexpected, insane way. Yeah. Like we just didn't know what the hell was happening. We really didn't. We thought it was kind of funny. And as I've said a thousand times, I thought it was gonna wrap up in three to five weeks And you never covered Robert Pickton. Which I think is a good thing. Right. I do too. I was gonna remember that show we did the first time we did a show in Vancouver.


I was gonna cover him at that Vancouver show. Oh Yeah. Remember we were in that high rise hotel that was like, we had, like, we were on the 18th floor something. We had these amazing views. Wasn't I sick? And so I was in hour late 'cause I was napping and just like didn't put the time correct because I was like, Oh Yeah. Because I was like literally had a cold on stage. Yeah. Yes. There was also one also in Vancouver where I went downstairs and couldn't find where Vince was meeting us. So you were on one side of the hotel and I was on the other and I could not figure out where you were. Yeah. Do you remember that one where it's like everything was like this weird delay everything, or just kind of like what's going on? That's what touring is. It's just a delay to get to a place to wait.


Yeah. To make, to do homework. Right. And not look at anything about the city. And then have 3000 people cheer for you. So. Yeah. Yeah. Did you see this update that Robert Pickton was murdered in prison? Yeah. Just this past June, Right? Yeah. Wow. I mean, not a surprise. He's one of the worst serial killers. Yeah. Of all time. He is one of the worst predators of women and marginalized women. And like that story and that all of that corruption around that story Yeah. Is so fucking dark that when I went to do it in Vancouver, like, oh, this is your guys' hometown. It's like, ugh. There's nothing, nobody wants to, nobody wants to recount basically.


Yeah. This kind of like internal corruption that allows women with no voice to just be brutalized over and over and over. No, there's a few of these murders that I feel like we'll never do. And we've talked, talked about it. This is one of them. The speed freak toy box, toy box killer. The speed freak killers. And then Charles ing I feel like will never do just 'cause like you read it and it's just, there's just, it's just a empty pit of Yeah. Fucking horribleness. I think too, it's like that's how you kind of learn the shape of when you are doing a podcast.


Yeah. It's like we very early on understood that we were gonna do this podcast our way. You know, for example, talking for 45 minutes at the beginning about everything but true crime. Right. Et cetera, et cetera. Right. But like, just because to follow the pattern of standardized true crime is like, is a very difficult, and those shows that do it, that are actually journalist led Yes. And thoroughly researched and are like, are invaluable Compassion. Yeah. Yes. But it's like, just to retell these stories is, it's just the darkness is tough. Yeah. You need something more than that for sure. Especially in a quarantine, for example.


Right, Right. Which we were in for quite a while. If I remember correctly. We were in for quite a while. Real quick before we get into your story, we did mention Marissa Harget's nonprofit. It's still going on. It's called The Joyful Heart Foundation. Mm. And since 2004, joyful Heart has been a leading national organization with a mission to transform society's response to sexual assault, domestic violence, and child abuse, support survivors healing, and end this violence forever. Yes. You can donate or learn more about the Joyful Heart Foundation by going to joyful heart foundation.org. I mean, I think Mariska Harte is like a legend now. Yes. For having played Olivia Benson on SVU for years and years and then basically turning all of that work into this activism.


Yeah. That's really been very effective. And like it, it's just the coolest. She's the coolest. Yeah. And hey, yeah. While we're here, let's, let's donate 10 grand to the Joyful Heart Foundation. Love It. Great idea. Cool. How do you get these ideas? It's just, they just come into my mind. I don't even know how, speaking of ideas coming from nowhere. Let's listen to your epic story. This is like a classic Karen telling the story of John List.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available offroad features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a Mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And Managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's. Built in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace Dot com slash murder code murder.


Goodbye. Goodbye.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with code space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


So I've known about this one for a long time because it was made famous by that great American television show, America's Most wanted hell. Yeah. Do you remember the America's Most Wanted about John List? The man who killed his entire family and then disappeared for 19 years. Yes. Yes you do. Fuck yes. Well that's My favorite murder for This week. Let me hear it. I'm going to tell you all about it. Alright, so John List was a su success, successful businessman. He was a devout lifelong Lutheran. He was a Sunday school teacher. He was a boy scout leader, a husband, a father of three. His family lived with his mother. So their grandmother in a sprawling 19 room mansion called Breeze Knoll.


Jesus in Westfield, New Jersey. But behind closed doors, things are not going well. Shocking. This Is me kind of trying to write like a, you know, 2020 version of this. This is, this is a narrative. This is, I'm really trying to put something into this and it might not really work out that well because it seems, it feels a bit sweaty right now. I feel like I'm trying. Well, it's hot in here. It also is very hot. It's summer in Los Angeles. Yay. So John lift's lists wife Helen, which they didn't, none of this you knew from America's most one. Oh, I love this stuff. Tell me his Wife Helen was an alcoholic who was verbally abusive and unstable.


She Sounds fun When you see the picture of the list family. Her eyes are going in two different directions. Was she dressed well though? Yes, it was. The picture I think was from like the mid sixties. So they look like any family. Oh my God. I just picture her at like a, a party and she's just drunk. Yeah. And like, but she looks amazing. Yes. I love it. Like she's got like a JackieO outfit on. Yes. But her face is like, is just like kooky eyes and like, and she bubbles above Her head. She's like talking loudly about their bedroom secrets. Oh Yeah. Girl, you just nailed it. Shut up. Okay. Ready? Oh my God. So she had demanded that, that John, by her, that colonial mansion in Westfield, which is a very ritzy, apparently town in New Jersey, or was in the sixties and seventies when John landed his high status position as bank vice president and comptroller, which is one of my favorite words in the English language.


So good comptroller. I dunno what it means. I love to say it. I'm running for comptroller this this year. Got it. Okay. So what no one knew is that John had recently been fired from being the bank president and comptroller Stress. And he, even though he was an ambitious career man, could never hold a job for more than a couple of years because of his personality problems. Personality issues, quote unquote. Oh my God. But he couldn't let his family know Yeah. That he had gotten fired. So every day he got up and he put on his suit and he grabbed his briefcase and he went to the train station like he was going to work. And he, Those people terrify me.


Yes. It's such deep denial. It's insane. Denial of like da da, da. Everything's fine. Yeah. And then there's crazy things boiling underneath. Fuck those, those people man. Yeah. So he would sit at the train station and read newspapers all day until it was time to quote unquote come home from work. Holy shit. Right. And meanwhile he was skimming money off of his mother's bank account So he could pay his crazy mortgage on his Colonial 19 room mansion. And all the other bills are piling up. So in short, John List was Lutheran Fuck up under pressure. That's what I wrote.


That's good. So here's his plan. He, on the morning of November 9th, 1971, after his children had left for school, John walked into the kitchen where his wife was drinking her morning coffee at the kitchen table. And he walked up and he shot her in the back of the head with a nine millimeter handgun. Wow. Then he went upstairs to the third floor of their mansion where his mother had her own like, what are it Suite? Yes. Her own little apartment Wing Wing. Yeah. A wing. A wing of the mansion. And he shot her in the head right over her left eye. Which to me sounds like he shot her face to face. Oh Yeah.


Which is pretty intense. Jesus. Then he drove to the bank and he closed his account and his mother's account. And he cashed in his mother's savings bonds. He came home, he went to a study, he collected some old photos and documents concerning the mansion's history. And he put them in a neat pile on his desk. And he composed a letter, a thank you letter to John Wike, who was a descendant of the original owner of the house. That shit, you know the important stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And then he also wrote four other letters. He called Barbara Bader, who was the woman who carpooled his sons John and Fred to Roosevelt Junior High School. And she had done that for the last time that morning. Oh my God. He made an excuse that the whole family was leaving to go to North Carolina the next morning because Helen's mother was extremely ill.


And he promised that he would let her know when they were coming back. Then he canceled the newspaper milk delivery. And he asked the post office to hold the mail until further notice. Was there going to be further notice? Absolutely not. No. So now is lunchtime. So he made himself a lunch? No, sat down at the table where he had just shot his wife and then cleaned up the blood off the table. Bologna or cold meatloaf. I would guess bologna. 'cause he's just like, he's all business. He just wants to get proteins and calories. Bologna on white With mustard. With mustard only. And some Do they have potato chips?


Back Then? I would don't think John List would eat potato chips. Okay. I think he would eat two sandwiches instead of having a delicious side. Oh my God. Karen. That was the best de That was what I was looking for because I love food details. That's my opinion of John. List two details. No, that was, that was beautiful. Yeah. That's the kind of stuff I can't understand that like, that's such a dude move. Oh Yeah. Where I'm like, you could have chips, the only thing you want with a sandwich. Yeah. Or pickles. You're Just gonna double Down pickles, pickle slices, pickles Are nice. Yeah. But I always, you know, me and the starches. Oh right. Well sure everyone can start, but you just don't keep 'em at your house. I don't eat them all. That's right. I, I mean, not you one. One. So, fuck.


Then he went around and cut himself out of every family photo in the entire house. Why is that the Craziest part that is to me, I did it as a standalone because it's the creepiest fact to me in this whole case. It's so fucking creepy. That Is so creepy. Then come now it's early afternoon. So he's waiting for his children to come home from school. Ugh. Patricia, who was 16, a drama nerd. Aw. And it was the, it was 1971. So she had been caught smoking pot. Oh. She was the coolest. She was cool. And she came home. He shot her in the back of the head, honey.


Then his son, Frederick, the youngest who is 13, came home. He shot him in the back of the head Babe. So they didn't even know that their father. No. And he, and he actually in the court later revealed that, that he did it. His wife and his kids back of the head so that they didn't know what happened. But Mom is a different story. His mother was a different story, which is very telling To me. All right, let's get to, yeah, tell me more. But Then also John Junior is a different story. The 15-year-old who was named after him, and supposedly his favorite. There was like a couple different versions of this. Some said he just came straight home from school. But the one I like the best, which is the one I will tell is that he had a soccer game that day.


So John Liss drove to the school. Wow. Watched his son's soccer game, drove him home, tried to shoot him, but he some maybe saw the gun and freaked out. So he ended up shooting him in the face on chest over 10 times. Whoa. So overkill. Crazy fucking overkill. Yeah. And knew what was happening as, as it went Once in the chest and once in the face, I get something went worse than wrong. That, or he hated him more. Like something went especially wrong for 10 times. Yes. Because this was a man that was doing it like neatly and cleanly and systematically pretending systematically.


He was like checking off a list. Sure. But when it came, this guy, wasn't it, John Jr. Didn't play ball and made it hard for him. And I think that's like the rage came out. Oh Yeah. Like, how dare you, You're making this too hard For me. Not even like, you're showing me how, what horrible I am. No, no, no. It's like you're, you're ruining my plan. You're ruining my good time. Oh my God. It's hideous. So then he dragged, he got sleeping bags from down from the basement and he put all the bodies on the sleeping bags, then dragged them into the back of the house. To what room? The ballroom? Yes. Yeah. They had a ballroom in this mansion that wasn't even decorated or furnished in any way.


That's how big this house house was. Wow. And So he pulled his wife and three children's dead bodies on sleeping bags back into the ballroom. He put a piece of cloth over each of their faces and he left them there, turned it into basically like a makeshift morgue. Then he fed the children's pet fish in the 20 gallon tank in the dining room. What? Went upstairs and went to sleep. Holy shit. Yeah. So he's are are the fish. Okay. Yeah. That's the kind of thought this man is having. Is this are the fish. Okay. Is This, I mean, as much as, because I need to put a name on things. Is this sociopath?


Oh, I'm, we'll talk about the name later, but I, he probably, I mean, I don't know enough anytime. It's like, clearly you have no feelings. Yeah. That's what I wanna label it as. Me too. But yeah, it's almost too, But he is, the real term for this guy is a family annihilator. Yeah. And it's like a thing that happens and there's a couple different kinds And they'll never kill anyone else again. Kind of a thing. Yes. Right. It's, it's a situational whoa thing for them. Right. Yeah. Tell me more. Okay. So the next morning he gets up, he gets dressed, he goes downstairs, he turns the thermostat all the way down. He turns on every light in the house. Hmm. And then he leaves the house and he leaves Westfield forever.


Now the weird thing is No one noticed, of course no one in the neighborhood noticed that this family was not there. And that's because they, this family did not socialize. Yeah. Which is kind of common if you have a crazy drunk mom. Yeah. Like they stayed in, they didn't talk to anybody. The neighbors knew John list as the guy who mowed his lawn in a suit and tie. Jesus. I think the most suspicious part would be that all the lights are on. That's right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like nobody, especially in a 19 room mansion. Yeah. You're like, sorry, nobody's in the greenhouse. Nobody's In the brightest house on the block. It's, they're not having a party.


So because of all this careful planning and because they were basically antisocial and reclusive, it, it took a full month for anybody to actually discover these bodies a Month, A full month. So the neighbors noticed that these lights were on day and night and that they were always on and that they started burning out. And that's when they started getting suspicious. Oh, That's creepy. Can you imagine seeing like, one room is out and then the next room is Out. Yeah. And never comes back on. So, and no one's coming in or outta the house. Yeah. So something super creepy is happening up there. But also you don't wanna think about it because what could it be?


That would be that weird. Yeah. But who does, this is the most cinematic, I think of all the stories because Patty's drama teacher is the one who's like, I don't like the smell of this. Oh My God. His name was Edwin Ileo. And he thought it was weird that the entire family was gone that long. And also he, he had a terrible feeling because Patty once told him, knew it if his family goes on vacation, my dad has killed us. I knew she talked to him about Something. Yeah. She said That she said it to him. So after, you know, 28 days, Owen, he'd also met him once and thought he was super weird. Oh my God. So after 28 days, Edwin Ileo convinces his associate Barbara Sheridan to go to the house with him to check on Patty.


And they drive up there, they try to look into some windows and their being there makes the neighbors call the cops. 'cause they see people finally on the property. Yeah. And when the cops show up, Edwin explains to them it's, oh, the neighbors William and Shirley, ick are are their names. They're the ones that call the police and patrol officers. George Nik and Charles Heller were the first to arrive. So Ano explains what's going on and the officers decide they're gonna force open a window and go inside. And when they open that window, they're hit with a smell of death. Danky. So I forgot, this might be my creepiest detail.


Oh, good. When they go into the house, the first thing they notice is that the's organ music playing loudly over the house. Intercom. I'm gonna cry. I'm gonna cry because there's an intercom in this house. A and because there's organ music. So you're jealous of the intercom. Yeah. 'cause that's so cool. Yeah. And organ music is the creepiest thing I've Ever heard. She, John Li set up, they kept calling it a recorder and all these articles that I read. Yeah. When you do research, you realize everyone rips everybody off. All that. It's hilarious. Insane. So calling something a recorder makes no sense. It sounds like it's the instrument children play in grammar school. Yeah. Which would be even creepier, just a child playing the recorder really loud.


Or it's like, oh God, no. Okay, I was gonna go deep. Go on. He had set up a thing that just played this music on a loop until you physically turned it off. Ah. And then set it to play over the intercom. What Was like an old machine or something like That? I guess so. I mean, they call a recorder. Maybe a recording device or like a reel to reel perhaps. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds right. 'cause it Was 71. Let's go with that. So, oh, I said two things. Organ music is good for ice skating and mass murdering. See, it's, I'm trying too hard now. Need to keep a ca conversational. So upstairs in the study, they find a five page letter that lists had written to his pastor, Eugene Ren Winkle.


Sorry. Why make, I don't know. It's, it's like bad writing. Like what should we name the old pastor at the Lutheran church? Eugene Ren Winkle. Oh my God. I love it. So in that letter, he said he felt the seventies were a sinful time and that his family was beginning to succumb to temptation, especially his daughter because of her interest in acting, which is an occupation. That list viewed as being particularly corrupt and linked to Satan. Which is True. So I fucking slayed them all. Yes. What the, Yeah. So the holy religious thing to do is kill everybody, John. So it was like, he thought it was like a mercy killing. That's exactly right. He saw too much evil in the world.


He'd killed his family to save their souls. That's very nice of you. You fucking dick. And also how giving, now he said he didn't kill himself because Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's hear it. He didn't kill himself because suicide is a mortal sin. Oh really? And that would definitely bar him from heaven as opposed to murdering five people where you're still in a gray area that can be negotiated. What are you talking about? Narciss? Narcissism. Extreme narcissism. Yes. Sociopathy. I definitely narcissism. I don't think the sociopath thing might not apply. Only because this is the one-off people Get mad at. People get mad at It's a, it's a five off.


Sorry. It's a five off. Okay. We're not saying all nar narcissist or murderers. Right. That, but however, this is an extreme case of narcissist. Yeah. It's a, it's a element in this personality disorder. Yeah. I'm a narcissist. I've never killed anybody except for in comedy. Boo. Okay. Oh, Karen, later a reporter who covered the trial described hearing this letter when it was read aloud in court and he said quote, I'll never forget the audible sigh of shock from the jury and spectators when the last line of lists read letter was read. PS mother is in the hallway in the attic third floor. She was too heavy to move.


Oh my God. Dang. That's your mom. Yeah. It's like you moving like a moving box that you just like couldn't Yeah. Someone take care of that upstairs. Like it's your mother. Yeah. Do you think you might have had a slight problem with her? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So a nationwide manhunt is launched, but he's got a month lead time. Totally. He's, he's way ahead. Police investigated hundreds of leads without success. All reliable photographs of list had been destroyed. Oh. So it wasn't I was creeped out. Yeah. Turns out it was kind of like creepy Smart. Super smart. Yeah. Oh, I didn't get, I didn't catch onto that. I did not either the family car was found at Kennedy Airport, but there was no evidence he had boarded a flight.


He was gone and would remain gone for 18 years. Wow. Then on May 21st, 1989, forward forward into the eighties, yay. The murders were recounted on America's Most Wanted, which at the time had been on the air less than a year. Oh my God. And it featured an age progressed, age progressed, sorry. Age progressed Clay bust sculpted by the forensic artist Frank Bender. And it turned out to bear an almost exact resemblance to list's appearance. Maybe I'm making this up, but I fucking remember seeing this. No, you remember? 'cause I'm about to hold up a picture to you. Oh. Oh, I'm so excited.


Alright. Oh my God. Oh my God. I was nine, so I was like old enough to remember this. Yes. And this was, I remember it. I was 19. Oh grandma babies gimme Hug Bender consulted a forensic psychologist and created a psychological profile of list. He looked at photographs of lists parents and predicted no what he would look like as he aged. Holy shit. He gave him a receding hairline and sagging jaws. Bender was particularly lauded for one final touch he added to his completed artwork. It was a pair of glasses. Bender believed Lis would not be vain enough to wear contact lenses. However, he said Lis would've worn a pair of glasses different from those he wore before the murders. He said they would be a pair with thick, dark frames.


He and the psychologist theorize that Lis would do this to hide in a sense. He would wanna disguise the fact that he was a failure and appear more important than he really was. Holy shit. So he put these big old glasses. Remember that Dude, I remember that. This is real John list and this is that sculpture. Holy fuck. It's fucking like exact. Oh my God. You guys look this up right now. Look, Steven. Isn't that crazy? We'll put it, we'll put it on social media. I'll put this on our Insta. But this Frank Bender nailed it. So literally less than two weeks later, oh shit. They got a ton of calls. But less than two weeks later they find him in Virginia. Wow.


And the hilarious part is in the court, John List reveals he was watching the show that night with his new wife. And he was quoted as saying I was per perspiring like anything. But his wife didn't recognize him. But no way. Yes. She had a fucking, she had a veil of, I can't over her fucking eyes. And I bet a little vin rose. A little Rose, a little bottle of rose. She had all kinds of different veils. Yeah. A veil. Yeah. Okay. So they go to trial. He explained that he had lost his job.


He explained he was dealing with his wife's alcoholism and trial reveal, her untreated tertiary syphilis that she had con contracted from her first husband and army lieutenant who is killed in combat in Korea and concealed for 18 years. So his crazy wife that used to verbally abuse him and publicly, oh, I, I, maybe I skipped that part. But there's, oh no, it's in this part. He says in court that she used to publicly insults him about, wait, Did I guess that completely right? Yes, you go. You absolutely guessed It. I really didn't know outta The Blue. Yeah.


Well syphilis makes you go fucking Bananas. He lists said by, by then the disease in her excessive alcohol consumption had, according to testimony, transfer transformed her from an attractive young woman to an unkempt paranoid recluse who frequently and often publicly disparaged list comparing his sexual skills unfavorably to those of her first husband. The one who gave her syphilis. Syphilis. Jesus. That scared the shit outta me. So here's me playing the prosecuting attorney. Mr. Lis, can you explain how your wife often disparages your sexual skills and public if she's a recluse? Ooh, no more questions, your Honor.


And I turn around, boom. Slam my blazer down onto the chair. Alright. So basically John list tr makes all these excuses in court. He's like, I have PTSD from being in the army. I, what's, what else did he say? I, oh wait, a smoker. He you're a smoker. It was my wife. My kids were going crazy. I was abused as a child. My father always told me that you had to pro provide for your family and that you had to do this and you had to do that. And I, and I wasn't doing anything, any of those things. 'cause I lost my job, blah, blah, blah.


So a court appointed psychiatrist testified Lis suffered from obsessive compulsive personality disorder. Yeah. And he only saw two solutions to his situation except welfare or kill his family and send them to heaven. And welfare was unacceptable because it would expose him and his family to ridicule and violate his authoritarian father's teachings, blah, blah, blah. So this is a common thing with family annihilators. They say that there are two types, and one is a livid coercive killer. And those are the ones that are usually abusive. And they kill the family when the family tries to run away from that.


Right. So it's years of abuse, years of abuse. The family tries to escape. And then it's like, we see those all the time. I'll teach you all. Yes. Yeah. But the other kind is the civil, reputable killer. And they're motivated by a perverse form of altruism. Wow. So it's his way of rescuing the family from shame and hardship. Yeah. And in his obsessive compulsive narcissism, John List didn't choose to fix his own problems, but instead he fixated on the family problems and the problems of society. 81% of family annihilators kill themselves after killing their family. Huh. So that's when, in my opinion, John list's argument of this, I was doing the best for the family breaks down because he went on to live a happy life for 19 years.


Yeah. In Colorado. And what, sorry, the, the part that I was skipping over is he basically told everybody what happened was the day, the day after the murders, he took the train from New Jersey to Michigan and then from Michigan to Colorado, he settled in Denver. He took an accounting job as Robert Peter, Bob Clark. And that's subtle. Yeah. Kind of plain. But then also exciting. Yeah. Exciting in a way. Pick One. Pick one of those names. He was the controller at a paper box manufacturer. The controller outside Denver. He was, they said controller. I wanna say comptroller. You know what, it's our fucking story to tell. That's right. And then what did he do?


He joined Lutheran congregation. Mm. Ran a carpool for shut in church members and met an army PX clerk named Lores Miller. And married her in 1985. It's almost like he's trying to prove to himself that he's actually a good person. Yeah. He was just circumstantial. It was them. Yep. His wife, his alcoholic, syphilitic wife, his hippie daughter. Right. His rebellious children. They ruined it for him. I feel like in the fifties that might have worked better than in the seventies and eighties. That excuse. Or like, especially the eighties. But like that, that ca that came to an end it seems like. Right. Because it Well that was also like the oldest version, right.


Of like, there's only a father that's the breadwinner. Right. It's never the mother and no one gets divorced. And this is the, the American dream. Sure. You have to have a house and two kids. Yeah. All that bullshit. Everyone got sold. Yeah. That everyone kind of had to swallow whole basically. Yeah. Also, John List was abused as a child, which is a very common thing in family. Anni annihilators because Huh. They get, they feel powerless. They felt powerless as children. So when they have families, they're exerting power over the family to give them that power They never Have. Now they're in charge. Exactly. And then when that doesn't work, they don't know how to deal with it. Oh man. When, when the seventies come and the daughter's like, I'm gonna go crazy.


Yeah. When there's a fucking cultural revolution throughout the country and your daughter's like, I think I might wanna act Yeah. Instead of being a devout Lutheran. Yeah. Yeah. So they, they're trying to create the, the life they never had that they fantasized of as abused children. Right. And then when that goes to shit, they're just like, well, we're starting over. Yeah. Essentially. Yeah. I guess the, the be this has a great twist ending. Oh good. So that he was, he was convicted of five counts of murder of, and the judge said, John, John Emel list is without remorse and without honor.


After 18 years, five months and 22 days, it's now time for, for the voices of Helen, Alma, Patrick, Patricia Frederick, and John F List to rise from the grave. That's beautiful. And he imposed a sentence of five terms of life imprisonment to be served consecutively. Good. It was the maximum penalty and list died of pneumonia in prison on March 21st, 2008. Wow. And his body was not claimed because who was gonna fucking claim it? He lived for A long time. He really did. The second wife didn't return the call. Yeah. And the morgue was like, oh, we have your Hello. She's a, that ain't my hello. But eventually someone took him back and he was buried next to his mother in Michigan.


Oh. She's like, fuck this guy. Yeah. Get out of here. You Shot me the fucking face and then wouldn't even carry me to the ballroom. But are you ready for this twist ending that I love? Oh, That's not it. Yeah. This is It. So somebody burnt down Bre Knoll the great No, the great Mansion. Some that no one's ever even looked into. Who might have done it. Was it a ghost? They just did It could have been a ghost. Could have been a ghost fire. Those a New Jersey Ghost fire, but destroyed along with the home was the ballroom's stained glass skylight, which was a signed Tiffany original. Oh Jesus. Worth at least a hundred thousand dollars at the time.


Oh. Which would have covered his expenses. Says it was right there the whole time in that room. You didn't go in 'cause you couldn't deal with it. Oh. Oh my God. That's gonna be someone's new ringtone. By the way. That's John. That's John List everybody. Oh. Also because he disappeared in 71 and DB Cooper. DB Cooper. They thought he was DB Cooper for a while. Ooh. Because he Kind of looks like that Sketch. Yeah. Mr. Vague. Oh, for sure. And he, DB Cooper stole $200,000, which was kind of around, they figured around how much John List owed.


Are they Sure it wasn't him? D John List vehemently denied it from jail. That's how fucking boring this guy is. T know, man. No, I'm not. No, I insist I'm not DB Cooper. I, I don know. Well, it could have been cool if you were Yeah. But maybe he doesn't. I bet it was him. No, he WI don't think this guy would've jumped out of a plane. He was too scared to tell his wife he got fired. Okay. You know. Okay. Maybe he thought, I don't know. Just did Lutherans like Jesus. Maybe he thought Jesus would Help out. Yeah. Jesus did help out. He gave him a, a beautiful skylight, a Tiffany skylight. The Lord said it was right there all along. You Know that whoever burn that house down is fucking bummed. They didn't know that too. Yeah.


There was some real estate agent that ran up at the, at the last whatcha You can at least get the thing You ghosts in your arson. Okay. We're back. Remember when Conan O'Brien guested on our show and told us this story like we had never heard it before. Yeah. But also, I mean, what, why would he, you know, have ever listened to this podcast, but also that he was in the courtroom when it, when John List. Oh my God. He's, It's just, He's a super gigantic Marino. But he also, it was like, the assumption was we didn't know what he was talking about. Yeah. It's just like, sir, it Wasn't little like, you maybe never heard of this one and it's like trying Either that or just I'm fucking telling this story and it's like, oh, I have some details too.


Okay. Nope, you're right. You're right. One of which, God damn, I think about it literally once a week. Yeah. Is that John Lis did all of that because he was broke and meanwhile in that mansion that he felt pressured to buy. Yeah. There was a Tiffany Fixture glass ceiling. It was the glass ceiling. Like a skylight. Yeah. Or was it a, a light fixture? I can't remember. But either way, it was worth over a hundred thousand dollars. Enough to get him outta debt. Let me throw this in there. Okay. Do you think a KAI bet he still would've found something later to kill them all for He would've sold that skylight or light thing used a hundred grand.


He still would've fucking killed them on something else. I feel like a family annihilator. Yeah. The problem isn't actually debt. Totally. It's not. You're right. Yes. It's not getting outta debt and everything's fine and everyone's happy. It's, he wanted to and he found a way to Do it. Yeah. There wasn't a magic Yeah. A magic key that was gonna solve it. And also just that the whole topic of family annihilators, it's so intense. It's so way out there and it's just, and it's crazy because now those stories are coming up more and more. Yeah. And this, he specifically, this story is just so cold and calculated. The whole cutting the face out of his face outta the pictures and, yeah.


Just, I mean, it's just so sick. Are there any updates? I know he's dead, but anything more? He is here. This is what's important. I've learned what a comptroller is. Webster's Dictionary defines a comptroller as a management level professional who oversees financial reporting and accounting. Also, while he was on the run, John took a job as a controller. Hmm. Which we also didn't understand or care about in the original story. Turns out controllers work for private companies doing the exact same thing. Comp trollers work for governments and nonprofits doing that job. So it turns out a man whose financial irresponsibility led him to murder. His entire family actually worked in accounting that was supposed to be his specialty.


Yeah. He can't do anything. Right. The irony, the irony is everywhere with this John List story. Also, the John list story is the America's Most Wanted element. Oh. That makes it such a legendary true crime story. Totally. And that his fucking new wife was sitting next to him. Oh. And didn't recognize him. Or just, you know, maybe something in her head did, but It's like a movie. Can you imagine? Jesus, Can you imagine? This is why Conan loved the story so much. Okay. It's time for Georgia's story that she does on this episode about the death of Wara Wright.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for a liability getting a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with Code space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling and I love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right. All right. What's yours? So, I have one that I learned about recently because it happened recently. And we're going to, Karen, we're gonna do a little play. Okay. This whole, this theme, what is this theme? Drama. Drama Teachers. All right. You mean for this episode? Yeah. Yeah. The Drama Teachers episode. All right. So Wara Wright, W-A-R-R-I-E-N-A. Wara, right? Was 26 from New Zealand, and she went to Queensland, Australia on July 29th, 2014 to celebrate a friend's wedding. Checks into a motel on August 6th.


And then on the, the following day is like, let's see who's on Tinder? Mm. Do you know this one? No. Okay. So she fucking Tinder's beautiful girl. She looks like a little bit, a little gothy, but not, you know, she's hot. So she finds Gable toasties, Tinder. They, he's this like hot ladies, man. They meet up outside of a bar on the sixth. I just wanna say by the next morning, Warna will be dead after falling from his Gable's 14th floor balcony. That's how this goes.


That's not Good. Back to that night by 9:00 PM they're in his apartment on the 14th floor. Okay. This beautiful building. So somehow Gable, which is a great name, isn't it? It's his first name. A first name, I don't know, Kinda like it. For some reason. He starts recording what's going on inside with a voice recorder. Police somehow extracted it from like, mobile phones that were found. I think it was tried to, they tried to delete, he tried to delete it. It didn't happen. They were able to get it. So, so there's, there's a whole, there's a whole conversation that's recorded.


Oh. And we're gonna act it out. Yeah. So I'm gonna read, but I, I, yeah. Okay. I'm gonna read, I highlighted your parts, okay. Oh, thank you. Your, your war arena. I'm Gable, but let me read it to you also. Okay. So at 1:00 AM the sound recorder started and it's later ceased, but the recording starts, music's heard, and 20 seconds into the recording, the man states Fuck me. At 1:02 AM the man asks the female to chill and have a drink. And she says she is, I'm a psycho drunk and do not test me. Then at 1 0 5, between 1 1 0 5 and 1 0 8, the pair talk about death.


The male says, throw me off the balcony. And that's it. This is it. Boom. Then at 1:16 AM there's laughing sounds are heard and sounds of hitting are heard as well. But the music continues to play in the background. And that was scary, as if on cue and there are soft sounds of groaning. Okay. At 1:29 AM the male says, I don't like getting beaten up at 1:36 AM the argument begins when the female says she's leaving and can't find her iPhone. She says, Are you going to fucking unie me because I will fucking destroy your jaw?


Oh my God. And then Vince unlock the door and scared the ever loving shh. Cannibal Episode. Same Thing happened when you were talking about cannibals. Hi baby. Oh man, Elvis In April. Okay, you're gonna untie me, blah, blah, blah. So at 1 38, the man says, I should have never given you so much to drink. I thought we were gonna have fun. And then he asks her to calm down At 1:41 AM the man asks the female to stay, but says, you're just a bit violent.


He offers to cook some food and the conversation calms down. Oh no. At 1:53 AM drinks are more. Drinks are poured. Stop drinking you guys. Yeah. What You already decided, the drinking's bad. Yeah. At 2:00 AM the occupant of the apartment below is woken up by the noise. At 2:10 AM the audio recording and the audio recording, the male tells the female Toro relax and threatens to kick her ars ass at 2:11 AM There's sounds of a struggle. A minute later, the sounds of rocks possibly being thrown in. The apartment is heard at two 14. The man says, that's enough. You have worn out your welcome. You have to leave the female out of breath.


Says okay. At 2:15 AM the man says, I thought you were kidding. And I have taken enough. This is fucking bullshit. You're lucky I haven't chucked you off my balcony. You goddamn psycho little bitch. At 2:16 AM the female who is breathing heavily accuses him of being a sexist. And then says, lay off to which the male replies Seriously, what? At 2:17 AM the man says, you're a goddamn psycho. I'm gonna let you go. I'm gonna walk you outta this apartment just the way you are. You are not going to collect any of your belongings. You are just going to walk out and I'm gonna slam the door on you. Do you understand? If you try and pull anything, I'll knock you out. Do you understand the female, the female says, I'm so sorry. I don't care.


Okay, so the fall at 2:17 AM sounds of struggling and heavy breathing are heard. The man says, let go of it. Let go, let go, let go. At two 18, the first choking sounds are heard. Breathing slows male, let it go. Sounds of a metallic object. Dropping is heard at 2:20 AM the door, a door unlocks. And the female states, no, the sound of glass of a glass door possibly being hit two 20. The man says, who the fuck do you think you are? Hey, the female says, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. The male says You tried to kill me. Huh. Well, why did you try and hit me with that? Shut your filthy mouth.


The female, I'm not gonna scream screams. No, but she's Screaming. No, no, no, no, No, no. The man says it's all on recording. You know, it's all being recorded. The female want more nos. Just let me go home. The male says, I would, but you've been a bad girl. And then the sounds are heard of a door slamming shut a police at this pointe that he left her out on the balcony. Ms. Wright, on the balcony, the female says, just let me go home. Just let me go home at 2:21 AM a female's final. Words are heard, just let me go home. Faint screaming is heard. You look, you're looking at me like I'm gonna, it's horrible. Okay. So put that down. Okay. Right. So the occupant in the apartment below his, here's a female repeatedly shouting no.


And then sees two legs dangling down. Oh. So what's going on right now is either she's crazy and drunk and jumping, or she's terrified of this person and trying to get to the balcony below. Yeah. So the, the witness has, in a matter of seconds, I saw the person fall from the balcony above mine. Oh. At two twenty one, a call is placed from Gable's phone to his lawyer. The call doesn't connect at two twenty three at oh oh. Which I'm guessing is nine one one. Yeah. Call is placed by the woman in the apartment below. Police arrive at the scene and at the same time, the fob key to his apartment is activated.


Closed caption cameras capture a male believed to be gable approaching the front entrance of the apartment. And he walks back to the elevator and rides it to the basement at 2 29. Sounds of walking or heard in the audio recording, which is still going from earlier in the night. So he has the phone or whatever he is using to record what's going on with him. With him or in the apartment? With him. With him. He's like in the, in the garage. So, sorry, he's recording this entire evening. He's recording the whole thing. And people said he might've done it because he was like a creepy pervert and like to record these things. Or he took home a lot of women. And this is a way to like assure that nothing, oh, you know, just to have it if they go go crazy or if Yeah.


Either way it's sketchy. Yeah. 3:10 AM he orders a pizza. What? Yeah, he says a pizza of pizza. Supreme, please. He orders a fucking slice of pizza at 3:23 AM a calls place to his father. He says, hello dad. I might have gotten a bit of a situation. I met, I met a girl for a date. She started getting aggressive. She, we kept drinking and I think she thought it was like a joke and she kept like beating me up 'cause she was really drunk. And I forced her out on the balcony and I think she might've jumped off. And the dad says, oh no.


Oh, are you okay? Yeah. So there's milling cops walking, walking around. I'm fucked up. I don dunno what to do. The, he says, I don't know. I like, I tackled her on my floor inside the building and I never forced her over the edge. So the dad picks him up and eventually he is arrested. And so, yeah. So he's claiming he's innocent. She jumped. He has nothing to do with it. He didn't push her over the edge. It's not murder. He's, he's set for trial on August, on October 13th, 2016.


But he's free right now. He is out on bond and he, he can't stop talking. He's posting shit on like bodybuilders.com. Oh No. He's just, he's doesn't understand why people are blame. He, he has to be somewhat narcissistic. Yeah. Oh, you mean like he needs to say his what his side of it is. Yeah. Yeah. But he is also saying things about how many women he's been with and he's never hurt them. So he is like bragging about that how nice his apartment was. How well he does saying it's a witch hunt. But they, but prosecutors think he could be convicted for murder because she was reportedly in fear of her life and was trying to flee him to The apartment below.


Who says that? Then those neighbors, the Prosecutors say that. Oh, okay. And I'm really interested, I really like, not like, but I'm really interested in murder by suicide. I think it's really interesting. Like there's that one case of there was the, the road rage incidents on a bridge in Detroit. And this man was coming at the woman who had rear ended him and she jumped off the bridge to get away from him. Yeah, that's, that was actually a very fam, like, one of the earliest law and orders. Really? Yes. Oh Wow. Yeah. Well I, and he was convicted of murder or maybe manslaughter. 'cause you just didn't know where else to go. Yeah. It was just like trying to get away. Yeah. But also the idea of recording an entire evening just to be sure in and of itself is suspicious to me.


Maybe what, like what do you need to be sure of that you have been in a position where this has been a problem for you? Or maybe she just already was being a little crazy. Oh, So he started the recording? Yeah. Not to, I'm not victim blaming. They were clearly very drunk. Well, may maybe he liked to record his his Sex sex, but, but yeah, you're right. I mean like she, the things that she's doing don't make a lot of sense. It's not, it's not like it's doesn't seem like she's the only victim at the beginning. Yeah. It sound from what he's saying. But here's the thing. He's the only one who knows it's being recorded. So what he's saying about her attacking him Yes.


Is very specific. And someone on, like a Reddit said, or maybe on the Facebook page said, when my boyfriend was beating me up, he'd say, he'd yell, stop it. What are you doing to me? Why are you doing this? To like get the neighbors to think that she was doing something to him. Yeah. Or just to fuck with her in her mind. So It could be that, it Could just be in what it sounds like happened from when I read the transcript, which I fucking stayed up all night reading it. It was like, it's so crazy is, you know, they were having rough sex. Maybe she wasn't completely coherent. She comes to and is freaked out by it and is trying to get out but doesn't know how.


And he's telling her to calm down 'cause he tells her to calm down a couple times. Right. I think at one point she realized what was happening and pick something up to throw at him. And he gets so angry at that 'cause you can hear him say like, you've been a bad girl. She's trying to defend herself. He, he's like, I'm gonna have to lock you out on the balcony to like, to, to protect myself. But she, the whole time she's been the victim and she's freaking the fuck out. Ugh. And she's drunk and fucked up and so she thinks the best option is to go over the side of the edge and get to the balcony below. Which Yeah. That's like something from a movie. It's like it Yeah. It only works when stunt men do it. Yeah.


Anyone in their right mind would never try that. And so she clearly wasn't in her right mind. And is there proof that we know that she, if she drank, like Yeah, I know people who have are almost like allergic to alcohol. Yeah. Where they have one drink and they're just like legless and outta their mind. No, I don't know. I know her. It's not like that. I Don't know what her blood alcohol level was. I don't know if they tested her for drugs. Maybe they're keeping all of that for the trial. Yeah. It sounds like that's the story he's trying to push though. Yeah. With this recording. Yeah. Is like, you've gone crazy. But he's feeding her alcohol too. Yeah. So even if it's like, well look how drunk she was. I mean his own recording is is gonna, is gonna be the thing that convicts him.


I feel like. Well, It's super weird to, I can't imagine if something terrible happened at my house. Like ho horrifying, like a person committed suicide. I wouldn't be ordering pizza an hour later. No. I mean, I wonder if he was so fucked up and didn't know what was going on, it would be almost be like he would go lay down or something or go hide or, you know, like, I don't think, But also if you, I mean this also, it just immediately makes me think of the night of, because the night of presents you the story where you completely, I haven't watched the, I have only watched the first episode. Oh, okay. But I mean, just in general, you empathize with the person that they put in front of you.


Right. 'cause that's the story you're getting. Right. Which is what happens a lot of the time is, is whoever gets a hold of that narrative Yeah. Then you go, Oh Yeah, yeah, no, he would never do that. He's so nice. Or whatever story. Yeah. And what people present you And then the media and then the shit that they talk about the other person. Yeah. So in a way not to defend him, I had no, I have no idea what's going on in this one. Yeah. This is crazy. But it makes sense then that if he's kind of out on his own, he's trying to control the narrative by tweeting things and posting shit on bodybuilders.com or whatever you said. I mean, like, then he's, that's a person that's just scrambling and making mistakes.


Yeah. The, I feel like the the harder you try to defend yourself on social media, the worst you see and the more people can pick it apart. Yes. For sure. Because I mean, you know, web sleuths have got, have gotten ahold of this, the website web sleuths have gotten ahold of this and are like picking it apart and they think there's been some comments by, by fake accounts he's made. Oh. And just know too much about the details. The details. Oh shit. Yeah. It's like he, he's his own worst fucking enemy. Well, and also he's, he's paying a lot of attention to this, the process of this. Right. Which is very strange. Yeah. It's gonna be a hard one. I feel like it's gonna be a hard one.


So sorry For this just happen days ago, 2014. Oh, oh, okay. But he's being, I, I, I, you know, it's Australia, so I don't know if I feel like he's being indicted or there's gonna be a trial to, to indict him on the on in October. Oh, Okay. Wow. From what I can tell from Australian legal ease. Isn't that fucked up? Yeah. I, This poor the poor girl, but this whole situation, guys don't meet strangers on Tinder. Not, oh man, I'm gonna get in trouble for slut shaming. Oh, that's not slut shaming. But it's So crazy that people just like, That's just dating though. Yeah. But I mean like, how about the girl, that girl in Santa Monica that knew the guy for a year.


Yeah. Roof eat or drink. Totally, totally bad things happen to people. It just happens. Yeah, You're right. But this seems weird because you are, the idea that a person is recording an entire evening and their foreknowledge of that recording and not telling the other person that's, there's a manipulation on the surface of that. Yeah. That's suspicious. For sure. And to me, it's suspicious to say, I record this because just in case something happens and I need to defend myself, or it's like, but that's not an accurate defense because we can't see what's actually happening. It's just your Platelet, it's also weird at the very end when he is like, I'm, I've been recording it.


Like he uses it to throw it in her face somehow. Almost like You can't prove anything. Yeah. You can't prove anything. Or like, why would he use that against her if he, you know, if nothing had happened that he could call the cops for or press charges for or, Well, also he never called the cops, Right? No. And he didn't let her go either. Like at one point she was like, I'm getting my shit and I'm leaving. Where's my phone? And he like stopped her from leaving. Yeah. So she was freaked out and wanted to leave too. Both of them. You Know, if you had a person, this just, we'll throw this out there. If you had a person in your house, you met on a Tinder date, So you don't know them. You guys are drinking, they get a little crazy.


You're, you're the guy. So they, it's a girl that tries to beat you up. So it's like painful, irritating. Not, yeah. Not life threatening you when they wanna go, what would be the Why? Yeah. Why would you keep them there? Yeah. Like, This is pissed a crazy if you're keeping a crazy person in your apartment. Yeah. Quote unquote. So crazy. Yeah. That, you know, you're making more problems. Yeah. Like when if they, you just go, yeah. Get out. What are you trying to get outta the situation? If you wanna keep the person who's Crazy and abusive toward you Yeah. Around they're, you're getting something out of it or it's not as it seems. Right. Well, there's a Good option that I, I mean, abusive People, you know, it's the gaslighting technique where abusive people are like, why are you being so crazy?


Like, this isn't that big of a deal. Right. And, and the people who that works on it works very well. Well, and also you would get violent if you were like say tied up against your will Yeah. Or woke up whatever the scenario wa was. Yeah. Where you would try your best to like, I, what are, what are the rocks that got thrown indoors? I don know what The, what the rocks are. I wonder if, I mean, I wonder if she was just almost, almost incoherent. You know what I mean? Yeah. Where it's like you're not yet, you're just like, you're aware that you're in a situation that's not good because she's not forming complete sentences most of the time. Yeah. She's just saying little things. She's Reacting.


Right. That's right. Hmm. That's crazy. I know. And then you have to assume she was naked on the balcony too. Oh really? I think so. She's definitely barefoot, but I don't, I'm not sure if she was naked. Oh, okay. Should check that Out. I didn't, I didn't think of that. Facts and things. Well yeah, that's fucked up. Right? Yeah. I've been thinking about that one for a lot, for a long time. Are you okay? I mean No, no, no. Just those ones just make me keep on thinking about it. I know. The idea of recording an evening is super insane to me. Yeah.


And also just like this weird day and age that we live in, we're like, you could be recorded at any time. Yeah. Like right now. Oh shit. Oh my God. Wait, what are these microphones doing in our faces? Okay, we're back. Yeah. This one is so rough. Are there any case updates on this? Yeah, I have a couple of case updates. After a week long trial in October of 2016, a Supreme court jury in Brisbane acquitted gable totsy of both murder and manslaughter charges in the death of Reina Wright. So we, I had done the story before it had even gone to trial and he was acquitted.


And since then, totsy has been going by the, a different name and his name has popped up in the news a few times since. Usually tied to stories about his dating life or drinking habits and just like fuel his notoriety. And there's just some, you know, he gets into trouble it seems like. It's just, I wanna know what really happened. I don't know if we ever will Yes. That night, you know? Yes. And so it's hard to be like, he got acquitted, So you wanna be like, you don't wanna talk shit on this person because what if he's Like, if he's innocent. Yeah. Right. This whole thing was this terrible Right. Happenstance that was, I mean all of it is just so baffling. Yeah. And it's just like such a sad, tragic, unnecessary death of this young woman and it, that's really what it comes down to.


Yeah. That's right. That's right. So let's talk about the, the new title. 'cause incredibly, we titled this 29 German Spelling of Nine. But I bet I made that up. I don't remember, but I don't think that would be something you suggested. I really don't think I would've, but yeah, who's to Say? You know, I mean it's who's to say Literally? But also it just kind of like, we're just trying to get this stuff done. I Wonder how much longer it is until we stop fucking naming things after numbers. It's gotta be pretty close. If we're 29 is the fucking is all we got. Right. That we just, were like, we need a different Yeah. A gimmick here Please.


All right, so if we were naming the episode today based on things we said in the episode, we could call it Happy Clap, which I love because that's what Stephen does. When Karen talks about Nico case, which is the cutest. I see Steven sitting cross like on the floor doing his Happy clap, his quiet sound guy. Happy clap. Yeah. Yeah. Also all the cookies, which is what Georgia says. Elvis is with Vince because Vince gives him all the cookies. Yeah. That's when we had to make Vince and the cats go in a different room. Go in the one bedroom of my one bedroom apartment. Yeah. We were recording and he like couldn't make a noise or come out or do anything. Yeah. He was like, and also we were out there for an hour and 45 minutes.


Most of the time we really Were. And once in a while I'd sc Scream Vince, what was the name of that movie? We Oh, that cute little Apartment. Vince and Prayers up to Vince Averil once again. Yep. For being there from day one, Still doing it. Still still putting in his hours. He Really is. Thank you guys for listening to this episode of Rewind and for sticking with us and still being here. Yes. We rewind every Wednesday, so come back and we'll be doing episode 30 next week. That's right. And until then, stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah,


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For a liability, get a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with code space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


My name is Kyle Tequila, host of the shocking new True Crime podcast, crook County. I got recruited into the mob when I was 17 years old. People Are dying. Is he doing this every night? Kenny was a Chicago firefighter who lived a secret double life as a mafia hitman. I had a wife and I had two children. Nobody knew anything. He Was a fricking crazy man. He was my father and I had no idea about any of this until now. Crook County is available now. Listen for free on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.