
This is exactly right.


This episode is brought to you by FXs, American Sports Story. Aaron Hernandez from Executive Producer Ryan Murphy comes the first installment of FXs American Sports Story, the limited series charts, the Rise and Fall of NFL Superstar Erin Hernandez. It explores the disparate strands of his identity, family, career, and death, as well as their legacy in sports and American culture. FXs, American Sports story. Erin Hernandez premier's September 17th on FX Stream on Hulu.


Goodbye. Goodbye.


Lady to Lady. here to tell you We are celebrating our 600th episode. We commemorate every hundredth show with the iconic actor and our dear friend, French Stewart. French. French. French. French. French. French, French. I'm French Stewart And. this time we took em to Las Vegas baby Tune in to hear about all the antics and make sure to check out more episodes. We've got literally 600 to choose from. They're packed with sleepover games and ridiculous tangents with the best guests. Don't miss new episodes every Wednesday. Follow Lady to Lady wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, Hello And. Welcome to Rewind with Karen in Georgia. This is episode nine. This is our new weekly bonus episode where we go back to the early days, the early Halon days of my favorite murder and comment on the way we were, we were young, we were innocent, we were free. It was so 2016, we're gonna reflect on all the things that have changed, give you case updates, and basically, you know, treat this like a high school yearbook, but of Podcasting, like a high school reunion yearbook. Yeah. Yeah. And so it's time to rewind to episode nine called Color Me. Nine. That's a good one. From Friday, March 25th, 2016.


So get your nosy neighbor and your meanest teacher from high school and your favorite male carrier and invite them all to this party, because now we all get to be day one listeners. But also shout out to real day one listeners. 'cause we love you, man. You were there first. We, now we know. So let's listen to the intro of episode nine where we discuss the podcast. We're listening to the status of our, ugh, RIP Facebook group. RIP and more. 1500 people in the Facebook group is, is so precious. That's a lot of people. It was for a beginning, it was very shocking. Yeah. I think to us, this is gonna be a confession that I've never confessed to you. Oh, you, I probably told you at the time, but nobody else.


When the Facebook page was that small, I'd get up in the morning to kinda look at what was happening and if people posted lame memes, I would delete them. Karen Kill Gareth. Did I make you a moderator? Yeah, I was on there. Okay. I was on there and because it turned into this thing where it was like people were, they were just lame. So it was like some people would post stuff that was amazing, like great and really funny. What would you, what would be on the chopping block? Well, if the same meme got posted over and over again, I was just like, this has been done. And it's from three days ago. It's like when people tag you in the same sinkhole nowadays over and over again, you're like, I've seen it. I swear we We've seen it. We've seen it. But also, I think those memes that looked like they were from that one app where it was the white block letters and it was just something where I was just like, all right, we need the quality to be a little bit higher here.


Yeah. Okay. She wanted to clean it up a little bit. I really did see it as my own Facebook page back then, where I'm like, I don't want the shit on my Facebook page. But then people would come on and be like, right, who's deleting my thing and get all, all crazy. They call it a dirty delete and they get so fucking mad. And it's like, guys read the room. AKA, the fa, the Facebook page. It's already there also. But also, what a fun confession. I do. I love that If. you were mad 'cause you got dirty, deleted. It was me. That's amazing. I'm so glad I finally know that. Isn't this the kind of Easter egg people are looking for and these rewind episodes? I think so. You can just see our numbers going up, up, up, up. Also in this episode, we talk about the fact that the Facebook group suggested a drinking game.


Maybe the first my favorite murder drinking game of many because there's been more. It's whenever I gasp or say Holy shit, you take a shot and when you sing a regular word in conversation, which I, so I, I want you to do it, but it's not gonna be natural If. You do it. I'll try to, I'll try to fold one in in this episode. I would love that. Okay. 'cause I just, yeah, I don't wanna like make put you on the spot. 'cause when you do it, it's just very like unexpected. You know what I mean? I literally just did it in a meeting we were in. I don't remember. Yeah. I remember when I said Thank you to our fucked up families for letting us make stuff while we are stressed out. Yes, yes. Or something that was No, that was it. That's an example.


See, it's not as good, isn't it? You build it up, then you actually do it. Surprise me. Right. Murder. Murder. Oh, you ready? For some minute? We should look up Synonyms for murder. Okay. For this podcast. Okay. Oh, for the name, the titles of the podcast? No, no. Just in general. We, so we don't say that word as much. Oh, right. Killings. Yeah. Being taken out violently. Assassinations. Assassinations. What are we gonna name this episode? Do you think It's number nine? Yeah. Nine Non-Live.


It's pretty much how this goes spitballing. It doesn't get better after that. Never Welcome everybody to My favorite murder. Hi, that's Georgia Hart Stark. That's s Karen. Kilgar. I said it like I wasn't sure I know. That's George Georgia. Georgia Georgia. Right. Georgia Hart. The worst is when someone misspells your name in a professional setting when they should absolutely spell your name correctly. Yes. Right. Karen Kilgar with a complicated last name. Yes. That's happened to me many times. Also when the also the worst is when people say your last name and who you've known for years and you realize that they always thought it was kil Garris. K Oh, Kilgar or Kilgar.


Where you're like, well I wish you knew me more I know hard stock. What the fuck? Hard and Stark are two very simple words. Yeah. And yet somehow next to each other people freak the fuck out. People freak out. Although I do do that thing where, when I see somebody that I know for sure, like if I ran into Dustin in a bar. Right. I would, in my mind I'd go, hi Dustin. And when I would go to say it, what if I'm wrong? Yes. Oh my God. I do that to you. Except when I see someone that I for sure know, like Dustin, I'll scream their name in front of them because I'm so excited that I know them. You know what I mean? Like you want the credit. Yeah. Because normally I'm like, I know who you're Yeah. But I don't think I do. And I'm the kind of person that if I mess it up and the person's like, don't worry about it, I won't stop talking about it.


Right. Or worrying about it. Right. Or let me go. People call me Ally sometimes and I'm like, it's okay. It's not okay. It's okay. It's, but it's not. Well, I mean, you should at least get one letter. Right. The first letter Totally. Totally. Is all I ask. I love that you have that. We're killing your name too. Oh, me too. I find it intimidates people. Yeah. We both have kind of like hardcore badass last names. You have a a like yours is reminiscent of Charles Starkweather, the famous Spree killer. Sure. That we're not talking about on this episode, but that we Okay. We know what I'm talk about up top before we start our favorite murders before we start this bullshit. Yeah.


Is someone knows something the podcast? Yes. Are you, I texted you the other day 'cause I knew you were driving distance. I was. No, I was in New York. I was flying. Oh, nice. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, you gotta listen to this. Yeah. And I did All of them all. Well, there were only three, right? There's a new one. Oh, is there really good? Yeah. I'll listen to All of my drive home. So this is, I didn't realize it when I started listening, but it's like, it's, the entire season of this podcast is about one topic. Yeah. Should I read the description? Sure. Because it's good. It's fucking great. On June 12th, 1972, 5-year-old Adrian McNaughton wandered away from his family at a lake in Eastern Ontario and disappeared without a trace. And season one of someone knows something host David Ridge GaN, who grew up in the area, goes back and search for answers.


And I had heard of this case. And I had never cared. 'cause I was like, he got eaten by bears. Clearly. Right, right. But no, and the more he goes into it, like that's what I like about it, is you make up a thing, you hear facts from him, and then you go, what's that guy? Or it's this thing. Yeah. And then he keeps laying down hard facts that he goes out and looks at himself. Yeah. So there's recordings of him walking in the woods, testing the echo, talking to people who have never talked to anybody about it. Right. Who were they? There was one guy who was there that when he wandered away and the, and police had never spoken to him about it. I've never spoken to them. It's pretty, it's a pretty great show. It's, I hope it stays that way. It's so good. And And I find, sometimes I get a a little bit impatient, and this is sexist of me, but when the boys get a little wistful and poetic about their own thoughts and feelings about things where I'm just like, that's the opposite of sexist.


And I. Love it. Because there's always sexist against women fucking getting, being poetic about shit. Good. Well, true. True. But I mean, like, I just have that thing where Yeah, And, I just don't want anyone to be precious. Really. But then I find it slightly more sickening if it's a man. Yeah. Because, because of I've bought into our cultural stereotypes and norms. Right. But when this guy does it, I buy it. I feel like he's being sincere. I don't think it's self, self no conscious or self-serving. He seems so sincere that it's great. And, and it's clear that he's written out everything he's saying. It's, it's more of a story he's telling and the writing is good. Yes. And he tells the story in not a boring way. Like some of the other true crime podcasts do.


Right. The music is a little dramatic at times. And the soundtracks, the sound is a little dramatic, but he's Canadian, but it's okay. So they have a sincerity. Oh, totally. That they don't fear that here in America is almost not allowed. Right. And I like to, I like to indulge in that. Yeah. With the Canadian man, every once in a while. I love this podcast. It's our new The Simpsons, what we talk about at the beginning of every episode. That's right. Which of course means the people versus OJ Simpsons. Yeah. Not OJ Simpsons. OJ as many OJ Simpsons as it takes to discuss it. Although the last episode, I have to say, the one about the jury was not so, I feel like I loved it. You did. You didn't like it. I mean, I loved knowing. I didn't know any of that stuff. I didn't either. How what a fucking bummer to be stuck in a hotel and you can't speak to anyone for months.


Eight months. And then they didn't treat them well. No, no. It was, well, it was, it was good in that it was kind of riveting, but it was riveting in a, almost like in a, a telenovela way. Yeah. Just ridiculously dramatic. It kind of took us off the track that we were already on with all the episodes. It felt like we were, we're moving forward. And this one didn't really feel like it was moving forward. No. But the other thing I like, it felt very different. Yeah. But I also loved Marsha Clark in her new hair. She looks hot. Right. She looks great in that hair. And also. She was so badass in this one. Yeah. There was no, she didn't do any like rim tears on the rim. No. Her eyes or putting her head in her hands.


She told, she told, what's Johnny Johnny Cran to go to the playground or something? Or what was it? The daycare. Go to daycare. 'cause this is the smoker's lounge. Yeah. And I was like, okay. But if that really happened, which it probably didn't, I'm so happy about, I feel it could have, it could have. I mean, by that point, she's so pissed. So many things like DNA evidence got completely ignored. I know. I mean, I feel like today that wouldn't happen. No. No one knew what it was. Yeah. What I'm loving more than anything is, is David Schwimmer's character, like realizing his friend is a fucking murderer and him apologizing to his wife. Yes. That, that his defend his friend was murdered. Yeah. He's defending a man who murdered her best friend.


Yeah. What a bummer. What a terrible, no, I mean, yeah. I wonder if he had quit the trial, would, would he not died of cancer? Would he not have died of cancer? And would've OJ gotten off? Probably not. Oh, oh, you mean during it? Sorry. Yes. Yeah. I see what you mean. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean, no, that would've been bad news. Exactly. So maybe that should have been his, his like, non statement statement that he's like, I can't support this anymore. Yeah. Except for that, then you're basically choosing how a person's life is gonna go. Yeah. But but defending him, you're doing the same thing. Or you're trying to at least I know Georgia. It's so heavy. There's a lot of decisions in life that one has to make.


And it's not until they make a dramatic reenactment TV show 20 years later about it that you realize the decisions you should have made. Yeah. I mean, please live your life. Like you're going to be reenacted Right. In 30 years. And do you want someone of as high quality as Sarah Paulson to portray you? Yeah. Or do you want, do you need to live your life? Like, like Sarah Paulson could be Yes. Your, you a quiet nobility. Right? A single tier. Or do you want John fucking Travolta being the most flamboyant, incredible character since behind the Kendall Opera And maybe even better. I love it though, but I don't mind it. Like it doesn't Oh, I love it. It doesn't bring me out of it.


I never think of John Travolta. I believe him. I I do too. I, I don't know if Robert Shapiro's like that. I have to assume he's somewhat like that in personal situations. And I. Love it. I'd like to sing this. A tune of praise for the very young song. Nathan Lane is f Lee Bailey. Nathan Lane is f Bailey is great. And yeah. Nathan, Nathan Lane, who knew he'd be in this. Yeah. I got so excited. Yeah. He's un almost unrecognizable be not only because of his wig, but because he, I just believe it's that guy. I do too. And F Lee Bailey is such a noble character that it had to be played by someone. Excellent. Yes. And Nathan Lane is a beloved actor. Perfect. For that role. Right.


Oh, guys, we did it. If you're not watching it, we've ruined it. Well, if you're not watching it, you, you've ruined yourself. You've, you've ruined it for yourself. There's nothing more we can ruin in your life. How's it going? Everything else? All right. Oh, yeah. Everything's good. I'm not murdered yet. I'm fucking, the Facebook group is like near and dear to my heart at this point. The Facebook group is making me regret leaving Facebook. I, I If you wanna sign up a fake account? Fake name. I will not out you. But it is such a, it is such a pleasing place to go when I have insomnia and just talk to, like, everyone is so fucking cool. I, I comment And I, And, I, post things, And I read everyone's posts.


And it's just like really fun. And the, the discussions we get into and the comments people make, everyone's nice. There hasn't been anything racist or mean yet. I haven't had to kick one person out, which is like shocking for Facebook. I thought we were really big in the racist community. Damn it. Well, we're they just keep it quiet. They're Oh yeah. They behave appropriately. Yeah. And there's fif This is our ninth episode and there's already 1500 people in the Facebook group. Fuck yeah. You guys. Thank you. It turns out everyone needed a place to talk about murder. Well, it is fascinating. Yeah. It truly is. We actually, somebody at work today started talking about HH Holmes. Yeah. Literally, in my head, I had to say like a teacher, don't say anything Karen.


Let her tell her story. Don't be a know-it-all don't. I, I, I like had to press my lips together because all I wanted do is be like, get, and like, just jump all over. Don't you wanna be like, murder is mine. Yes. Like, I'm the one who talks. You don't get to talk about murder. I talk about murder. I think, though, that's a, that's kind of a good lesson just in general. 'cause I think I've been that way about more than murder. Me Too. All of my life. Me, it's such I know, such a hard thing not to be like, but it's like if someone brings it up themselves, let them tell the story. Let let them have it. You murder doesn't belong to you. Yeah. Or whatever it is doesn't belong. I'm just, I'm not telling you, I'm telling myself because this is, I totally agree. Oh, that wasn't to me. Okay. No. That was to me in any conversation. Oh, not, oh, yeah.


Well, did you know that? Yes. You know, or like, it's so hard. And then when you're like, oh, well, and you like, bring up something that, that compares to it, you just sound like an asshole. Unless you're, you're sincerely wanting to bring up another murder, you're, you're, instead of saying like, well, this is how much I know about it, which I do all the time. Yes. This podcast could also go into the areas of etiquette, general etiquette. Well, I do it in this podcast too, of not wanting to speak over you like I just did. Well, but it's for, it's fine with me. Okay. Well, I don't want with you And. I. Okay. Well, not wanting to speak over you. Also not wanting to be like, yeah, no. I know that murder you're about to talk about. But it delights me when you do that. I think it's hilarious. There was one you had that I kept trying to add to and kept telling myself to shut the fuck up in my head because it was so obno obnoxious.


But it's hard for me. It's hard when you read a thing by yourself and you're like, there is a man in Chicago during the World's Fair that built a, basically built a murder hotel. And I'm just finding out now, And I read it with what I imagine other people read like books when they go to college. I read it with the same enthusiasm and kind of like absorption. So then when somebody else starts talking about it, I want them to know that I know. Like I want them to know, to know, to know that you're cool, I guess. Yeah. And or yeah, like that I, I wanna like scream and grab each other's shoulders. I want that feeling with people I don't know that I hope do too. And I want them to know that I'm on the level with them.


And, we can have this conversation instead of like, and And also like, you're gonna keep telling me about it and then you're gonna find out that I have a True Crime podcast. And you're like, why didn't you say anything that you knew about this? Especially really the book, the Devil in the White City. Yes. That's what what we were talking about. Did you read that? Just did it. But that's, no. Yeah, that's it. It's, that's what we, I had to wait till she was done and then kind of like take a beat. I was really using it as like an exercise. Yeah. And then someone goes, I think they're making a movie. I think there was a book. And then I was like, don't, it's called Devil North. The second the words Outta their Mountain. Then I was like, that's right. It's called Devil's. Yeah. But then if I were the girl who brought it up, I'd be like, wait, so this whole time you've been letting me mansplain something to you and you knew about it.


But also sometimes mansplaining is just talking. Sometimes we, sometimes people get to talk to us knowing something And. We can accept that. Yeah. And, we don't have to know. We don't have to tell them. But I know. Yes. You don't have to I know everything. Yeah. We can be not in the position of victim or somebody that's being oppressed. You can assume that person doesn't have the power to oppress you and you're just being polite. Yeah. And letting them, letting them be a know it all. That isn't okay thing to do. But then they're never gonna get to know you because you di because you didn't tell them that. You know. Shit. That's very true. But I'm also, this is a work situation. Yeah. Where I can't, I have to let my personality out bit by bit because Right.


It's a lot. You can't scream in someone's face. Yes. Yeah. I love murder as my mom used to say, you're too much. And she meant it very literally. Yeah. Well, we're a lot. And that's why we have True Crime podcast. We're a lot a murder podcast. We could, yeah. This podcast could literally go four, four hours. Yeah. That's why we're friends is because the first time we actually hung out on our own, we had a five hour lunch. Yeah. We did. Just talking. And the whole time I kept thinking, am I the only one that wants to stay here? Right. Is she trapped? Right. But we, it was clear that we were both, it was voluntarily eating lunch for five hours. Yeah. And the conversation flowed. It wasn't one sided. That's right. I think, I think, do you, speaking of one sided, we still have our doubts.


We are good. We are great. Anxiety is real. Speaking of one sided and talking about a thing. Yes. Do you wanna do your favorite murder? I do. I think you're first. I do. Do you want me to go first? Yeah. Okay. We're back here. We are in good old 2024. This is us now. That was us then. How different is it? We're in a studio right now. First of all, oh my God. This sound quality in here is incredible. The sound quality, the air temperature. Yeah. The like The visuals. The visuals. I mean, I was a cute apartment. You gotta admit. No, no. Your apartment was great and the smells were amazing.


But I do love the shade of green. Yeah. Yeah. Two cats in a one bedroom apartment. I'll real really do something about the odor of the, I think that Elvis could feel the energy that was building around us. And he was just like, guys, this is so exciting. I have to shit right here in the room with you. My favorite thing was you would get up and be like, oh my God, I have to take care of this right now. And it'd just be like, yeah, I don't care. It it, there's nothing you can do. Like, we would be recording and talk and be like in the episode and you'll be like, oh my God, I have to do this right now. Like, clearly you were just so embarrassed. I was so embarrassed. Where it's like, it's a cat. They do it all the time. Yeah. But Elvis was particularly ferous when it came to like, he was just so si male Siamese that it was like, he's not just gonna take a shit.


He's gonna take a shit that fucking ruins the atmosphere. Ruins the vibe. Also, he was 82, I believe, when we were recording those 82 years old. Oh my sweet boy. He was on statins. He was on cholesterol medicine medication. He was, he was highly medicated. Oh my God. Good boy. All right, so let's go into your story, Karen. Okay. You are covering The Exorcist Serial Killer because our theme is hiding in plain sight. Yes. Which is great. That's a good theme. Yeah. This is one of my favorite true crime stories because it's so creepy and sinister. And it's one of those things of like, oh, this guy in this scene from this movie actually, and it unravels into like a whole other movie.


Yeah. And it's just, it's crazy. It's chilling. And then at the end, I mean, let's, we'll talk about it after, but like, they like let him out of prison after a while. Yeah. It's one of those. All right, let's listen. Okay.


Karen, I just found out there's another meaning for POS. You mean besides point of sale? You're gonna be shocked when I tell you because when you're a business owner, you're always thinking about your next sale. And with Shopify, you can be sure your point of sale system isn't a piece of Shopify. POS is your command center for your retail store. From accepting payments to managing inventory, Shopify has everything you need to sell in person. With Shopify, you get a powerhouse selling partner that effortlessly unites your in-person and online sales into one source of truth. Track every sale across your business in one place and know exactly what's in stock. Connect with customers inline and online. Shopify helps you drive store traffic with plug and play tools. Built for marketing campaigns from TikTok to Instagram and beyond. Get hardware that fits your business. Take payments by smartphone. Transform your tablet into a point of sale system. Or use Shopify's POS Go mobile device for a battle tested solution. Plus Shopify's award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way. Do retail right with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/murder. Important note, that promo code is all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/murder to take your retail business to the next level today. That's shopify.com/murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


You told me this week's theme in a way that I already knew that you knew what you were doing. Yes. I read I what they call reverse engineered this week's theme because I had to do this story because one of our, now I'm afraid, I guess I'll say his first name and last initial, because one of our listeners dmd us, which I adore, he dmd us like so as, not to embarrassed I think, but he was like, how could you have talked about The Exorcist and not talked about this? And sent me a link and all this stuff. And I wrote back in all caps, Holy shit, how did I miss this? So that's where mine started. So then when I talked to Georgia, I was like, can This week be like hiding in plain sight or murders that like it?


They were right there the whole time. Okay. Kind of thing. Because in The Exorcist, one of the biggest stories, And I swear, I looked at over five websites about my Exorcist first movie set. That is, which was my thing last week. If, you didn't hear it, but Brian b our listener, sent us to DM because there was a guy in The Exorcist and he was the guy that played the radiology radi radiologist. Something's wrong with my mouth words. Radiologist assistant in the scene we talked about that I said was so creepy where she was in that crazy machine getting like the, yeah. MRI, the guy that plays the assistant in that scene turned out to be a serial killer.


No. Yes. Like a serial killer. Serial killer. A legit six victim straight up New York in the seventies. Serial killer. That just reminded me of something when I asked is that there is a thread on the Facebook group that every time I say Holy shit, you have to take a shot. Or when I say no or when I get, like there's certain things and then when you say, when you sing a word, like a thing like yes, it's you to take a shot. It's pretty hilarious. Oh no, it's very lighthearted. It's not in a mean way at all. Oh, no, no, no. Please. Okay. But now I don't wanna be self-conscious about it and do in all the time is I love when people are so drunk they fall off their own couch.


Alright. So I went, okay. Brian b sent us this, this very tasteful DM about a huge thing. I missed And. I'm so bummed because please don't beat yourself up. I won't, I won't entirely. But talk about like wanting to be an expert and dropping the ball. Well, I'm blame the first five websites that came up. They didn't mention this. They didn't, they didn't. So nobody knew. And I think it would, but yeah, maybe it is like specialized knowledge or something. Maybe I just have to go to better websites first. Or, or or you have to like I've been googling weird shit lately. Like the weird, the weird stuff. Not just like so and so murder. I've been googling like deep down weird shit.


Have you gone dark web? I, I wish I could. I don't know how to go dark web, but I really Don it. Don. I don't wanna try. Okay, so here's the, here's the research part, and I hope I do this justice, but I'm not going to, 'cause I basically did only part of my homework. But essentially this is, this is it in a nutshell. I'm excited. The guy's name was Paul Bateson and he was in real life, a 38-year-old X-ray tech NYU med center where they shot that scene. Oh, it's called an arteriogram is what she was getting in that scene. Which is like a crazy machine that like, it's like a, looks like a, with not a centrifuge, but like the thing that where spins you in all those different directions. Yeah. It's very upsetting and weird noises.


So I guess when they probably, when they went to like, shoot, go location scout, he was there. They, they cast him. 'cause he already worked there and knew how to work the machine legit already. Right. And what I love is the link that Brian b sent us, the picture that comes up with this article, he looks so creepy. He looks like a, any dude in the seventies like kind of forward his hair's going forward, kind of sandy blonde goatee. But his eyes are like, his eyes are drooping. Like they're melting. So like he, you were like that what a great casting job that they hired this actor. And it's like, nope, it's, he's really, this is what he looks like and that's why they hired him from this creepy movie. Yeah. And I.


Don't know. I, I don't know if, I mean that's a little woowoo to think, but like, his secret life was the reason that scene was so creepy. I actually don't, oh, this was before. So he went, these murders happened later in the seventies. So I think he was, he did that first. Okay. Oh no, sorry. The murder started in 1973. So that was So he was like on camera having had murdered someone. I think so. I, shit, I ha I would have to look up the movie came out in 73 and was I, I'm the one that did this. No, you're good. Just last pretend like you know what you're talking, I'm pretty sure I know what I'm talking about. Just own it. Yeah. I think he murdered, he must have murdered before directly.


I think he was doing it during and then ended up getting caught after. 'cause it was over a period of time. So essentially what happened is, so these people started going missing or there was like murder scene. So the first one was a man named Ronald Cabo. He lived in the West Village and he was stabbed to death on his sofa. And then his apartment was set on fire. Holy shit. He was 29 years old. Holy shit. Holy shit. Someone took a shot Holy shit. Right. Take a shot. He's so young. Yeah. And then four days later, so they just think that's standard murder in New York City. Yeah. Yeah. In 19 73, 4 days later, a man named Donald McNiven, who was 40 years old and a guy named John PW Beardsley, age 53, were both found in Donald's apartment on Veek Street.


They both lived in the building, but they were in Donald's apartment. And again, the apartment had been set on fire and Beardsley was actually on the social register in New York and Philadelphia. So he was like some fancy, he had been a Harvard grad. Wow. So, and they had no idea. They just looked another, like another bad stabbing murder. I think Beardsley was the one stabbed. And McNiven. McNiven was bludgeoned. Did they, and it was four days later. Four days later. Did they connect the two immediately? I wonder? No, not at all. How do you not connect to stabbing and fires be Well maybe they, they might've like noted it, but Yeah.


In the seventies in New York City. Yeah. I think there's several murders a day and they're not sharing precinct to precinct. Right. Murders. Right. Two weeks later, the body of Robin Rero was found floating in the Hudson River, and he had been missing for five weeks. Oh my goodness. And he was still in a leather jacket. He was really decomposed, but he had a leather jacket on. And then nine days after that, two gay men were murdered. They, I think they think they were roommates and their dog, their pet poodle. No. Yes. And from the stuff that was in the apartment at that murder is when they started putting together this is, these are all people who have something to do with the leather community.


Okay. I was gonna say that, that would make sense. Yeah. The leather jacket started and, and in that first guy, Robert Rero, or sorry, Ronald Cabo, the picture that they have up of him, he is really young and he's wearing a leather jacket. So I'm, I'm sure at the time it was like, oh, that's just fashion choice, whatever. Yeah. But then person after person, they're probably finding different things. And so by the end, one of the jackets, they got the tag and they found it was belonged to a store in the West Village that was completely an s and m store. Yeah. SM clothing and some supplies. So it was like a leather gay, gay boys killing. Yes. And so that, that's when they start to realize, oh, this is gay.


But once again, it's just like the freeway murders in la Right. When it's a gay community thing, or any dis disenfranchised when it's prostitutes. Totally. The cops are like, eh, who cares? Yeah. No one cares And. We're not gonna get pressure from City Hall. I mean, I'm sure they could, if it's someone in the community and everyone is who's being killed is in that community. You, you talk to the rest of the people in the community and they're like, this guy's creepy and has gone home with All of these men. Right. It's pretty simple. No, it's not. I mean, I'm sure it's not that simple, but it's seems like it's not simple, but but it's the thing of what people decide to value. Right. So if people, if the people in power don't value your life or your Yeah. What you do in the community, if they actually think you're gross Yeah.


Or bad or judge you morally, then they won't try to help you. Or they won't feel any, you know, burning desire to find your killer. Well, they say, I mean, this is what they say and I've totally, so they say you are living a high risk lifestyle already. Yes. Are you living a high, high risk lifestyle? Well then are you a prostitute? Are you a drug addict? Are are you living, you know, in a gay community where you're around a lot of strange men a lot. Yeah. That's a high risk lifestyle. And they care less about you. Yeah. Because they think you ki living a high risk lifestyle means you kind of deserved it. It's you brought it on yourself. I'm not saying, I am not saying I think that, but of course not.


Right. But, but it's an excuse. I'm sure when cops see, you know, it's New York City in the seventies they saw probably 20 murders a day. Yeah. So you're trying to somehow prioritize these things, or, or you can't put your heart and soul into every single thing that comes across your desk. Totally. But so, but I'm sure it got very easy to start marginalizing Yeah. The deaths of these people or to not put thing, you know Yeah. Put things together. Yeah. So anyway, body parts start washing up on the shore of the Hudson River. So there's like, apparently there's a gay cruising spot by the Hudson River Piers, and that's where different body parts wrapped in garbage bags start showing up.


And so they putting all this together, they started calling the whole case the in the bag killer. Oh wow. And so you can tell by that, you know? Yeah. Obviously there's not, there's not a lot of sensitivity back then. No. Anyway, but that's basically their attitude about all this stuff that's going on. Wow. So then a drag performer, they said drag performance article, but let's call her a drag queen. I bet she was a queen. Yeah. And her name was Tony Lee. And she was strangled in her apartment in the West Village. And the Village Voice wrote a big article about it. 'cause she was famous. Yeah. A lot of people knew her. And that's when they started to really put together, they knew for a fact that after hours and after like the normal bars, she would go to leather bars.


And so that's when they, you know, were like, oh, we think we really were onto something with this. Like leather theory. Yeah. And then a man named Addison Verell, who was 36, and he was the film critic for Variety magazine. He was found, stabbed and bludgeoned stabbed and bludgeoned with a cast iron skillet in his apartment. And somewhere that All of them are in their own apartments. Meaning that this person was allowed to come in. Yes, that's right. That's, that's what scares me the most is like, yeah, I know this person. I, I see him around my scene. Yeah. It's pickup stuff. Yeah. It's like it's, they're going to sex bars, they're gonna leather bars there or just, you know, the seventies. This is like the looking for Mr. Goodbar Totally.


Where everybody was like, it was post hippie shit where people are like, yeah, I'm sexually liberated. It was pre pre aids epidemic. Yes. Yeah. So where it was kind of like, yeah, everybody wants to have sex. Let's do this thing. Yeah. There's a lot of trust. And especially with, they were in, this thing I was reading about is like the leather community. There's lots, you know, like leather daddies are like really big muscly men. Yeah. So they don't think anyone's gonna hurt them. Right. They're, they're, you know, in charge. It's all, it's very overblown, presentational masculinity. It's less of a risk than a woman going home with a man because a man can defend himself supposedly against another man. Yeah. One. Exactly. And also, they're like, that's part of the play.


Which I'm sure is the other thing. The cops were like, you know, this is a little something that got outta hand type of thing, because this is what you're into anyway. Right. Blame, blame, blame. Right. So this journalist named Arthur Bell wrote this big article after Addison Vel, like, after the story came out that he was stabbed because the whole, the whole story about Addison Verell was whitewashed. They didn't talk about him being gay. They were, it was very like a TA terrible murder, but they made it sound, sound like a passing thing. Ran the murder. And, and Arthur Bell was like, there's a serious serial killer in our community, And. we have to start giving a shit. And if nobody's gonna give a shit about somebody that's famous, like yeah.


You know, like this is our chance or whatever. So he wrote a big huge article for the Village Voice about that people needed to start, like real police work needed to start going into this. 'cause people were very afraid. And then he got a phone call. No, Arthur Bell, this journalist, he gets a phone call from a man who tells him, I'm the guy that killed Addison. Vel And. we were together, I met him at a bar. We went back to his apartment. And while we were at, like, after we had sex, I had an epiphany. And I realized this was not a reciprocal relationship. He didn't love me, he didn't wanna be my boyfriend, he didn't wanna get married and I wasn't getting anything I wanted.


And that's why I killed him. And he tells him a bunch of specifics, including that there was Crisco all over the scene of the crime, which was a very common lubricant that people used back then, but that had not been released to the press in any way. Right. And so Arthur Bell calls the cops and says, I just got this phone call that was crazy. I figured I should tell you. And he starts telling them these details that no one else knows besides the cops. And the cops know this is the real guy. Holy crap. So he talked to the real killer, which is insane. So then Arthur gets a call from a guy named Richard Ryan who said he also knew who the killer was because he had met him and talked to him.


And this guy had basically told him, I think he said he met him in AA or something. And he basically had been trying to get sober and had admitted to him that like he had killed Addison Bell. Wow. And so, but that's the only one he admitted to killing. Yes. Yeah. So he, Arthur Bell takes that information, goes to the cops, gives them the name, and that's when they go and find Paul Bateson. And after they arrested Bateson, he was in Rikers. And apparently he was bragging to everybody in there that he not only killed Addison Verell, but he was killing quote like a bunch of gay guys just for fun. 'cause he was bored Holy shit.


And so then just for fun, 'cause he was bored. Yeah. He's just trying to impress people. But obviously bowling dude, he, he was cutting people up, wrapping their parts in bags and dumping them in the river. Oh God. But they think he's actually, they think he's responsible for way more murders. But he would only, yeah. He only, he pled guilty to the Addison Vel murder got 20 years and he got out in 2004, 20 years from just for stabbing bludgeoning murder. Just because you got sad that someone didn't love you, dude. Who? Oh, you mean the murderer? Yeah. Oh yeah. No, yeah. You got bummed that Addison didn't love you. Well, but you know this, I mean, he's I know psychotic or, you know.


Yeah. But it's so weird. Like a so an un, what's the word I'm looking of? It's only they got in a fight. He just killed him and he only gets 20 years. Yeah. That bothers me so much. Well, he's crazy. He clearly can't, you know, I know what's he gonna have another relationship then hate? How's he gonna deal with that? Disappointed. I hate that there are people like that out there. Yeah. There's lots of them. I know. So, but here's the interesting thing. So William freakin hears about this, finds out that an extra in his movie was a serial killer, goes to Rikers and starts interviewing him and then decides. And, and in the meantime somebody else, I don't have the author's name, wrote a book called Cruising, which was about a serial killer in the seventies leather scene in New York City.


And so Freekin goes and talks to Paul Bateson and then decides he's gonna direct the movie. No Way. And so there's a movie called Cruising starring Al Pacino about a cop that's going undercover in the New York City leather scene to find a serial killer. Did you, did you watch it? I have not seen it. I wonder, I wonder if it's easy to find or if it's one of those. I think it is. It's, well, it's kind of infamous because it's very homophobic. Oh, it's very bad. Yeah. Like, it basically says the, all these people are deviants without morals and would kill you. Right. And kill anybody. And there's a lot of bad stuff in it. And when the gay community found out that they were shooting this movie in New York City, they all, it basically galvanized the, the gay rights movement.


And they would go down and like protest the shooting the while, while they were filming. Yeah. And so they would go down with whistles and they were, they were holding up like mirrors and making That's awesome. Light go into the scenes or whatever. That's great. But they ended up shooting it anyway. They got it done. And when it came out, everyone was like, this is the worst. Like up until that point. Yeah. Most gay men in film were like, oh, you're the kooky butler. Right. That has no real life or personality. And they don't actually say you're gay. They just imply it. You're just a joke. Right. You're just a joke. Right. And now you're not just, now you're, when you're not a joke, you are a murderer who deser and a murder victim who kind of deserves it. You're a victim. Exactly. And you're, everything about your life lacks all morals.


And you're just, you're basically, yeah. It's how much more real would that whole story be If if the person, the murderer, it had nothing to do with the fact that he was gay. He's just a fucking psychopathic murderer. Yes. You know? Yeah. But I mean, yeah. It's just, the whole thing is, is super awful. There's a great movie called The Celluloid Closet and it's a documentary about, you know, all like gay people in Hollywood and, and all and the treatment of them and the, and basically the way they've been presented and seen it. That sounds cool. Pretty fascinating. And they talk about cruising. It's really good. I think that's it. I had something else, but sorry, my cats are attacking each other next to you. That's amazing.


That's it. So tell me his name again. I wanna go, Paul Bateson is his name. I wanna go back and see that scene where there's a fucking real life serial killer I know. It's really good. It's very, very creepy scene. Now I, I should have watched, I just didn't have time to watch cruising. But I also know it's incredibly depressing. There's no point in you watching that And I also read like reviews of it and apparently it doesn't, it's not very cohesive. And it was initially rated X so they had to pull out all these scenes 'cause there's all this like, you know, kind of intense leather Yeah. Scene shit. And they wouldn't, the MPAA or whatever they're called would not let William Freak. And so, so basically when he had to edit it, it came out way shorter and almost nonsensical.


Oh my god. Yeah. And people always talk about wanting to go back in time, which I totally fucking do. But the seventies, even the seventies, the eighties, the nineties were so racist and homophobic and fucking sexist. If, you really wanna go back. I mean that's the thing, it's just this, it's the more we talk about stuff like this, it just becomes this like humanist thing to me where it's just like we have, people have to, I mean, it's separate from mentally ill people who just like have to murder whatever. Yeah. But it's a thing of like, we have to look at each other as human beings. Yeah. It's crazy that, you know what I mean? We always wanna go Oh, those people. Yeah. They get what they deserve. Or it's like, are you fucking crazy? Yeah. But if something happens to you, you don't deserve it. Yeah. Someone could say you And I could be in a category that someone, a lot of people out there would say that about for whatever reason.


Because we're women. Yeah. Because we live in Los Angeles because you know, whatever the reasons. Yeah. So people could say that about you. So why would you say that about other people? Right. It's just, I don't, it's just lame. It's just, I don't know. I don't know. It's at the end of all these stories, I'm always like, it's lame. I'm sorry, I brought it up. Sorry, I brought it up. This, it's a rough one. It's called My favorite murder. I'm sorry, I brought it up. I'm sorry I brought it up. I'm not, yeah. There's something fascinating to the idea though, that there's just like a person in a horror movie that's also living is is walking the walk. I wonder if he in his twisted brain was like laughing at the irony of it too.


I know. I wonder. He's apparently a very bad alcoholic too. So he claimed he didn't remember a lot. He's still alive and he's out. Oh yeah. I think he's died since he got out in 2004. He is living in upstate New York. What did he do af after just chill and make breakfast? Did he make breakfast for himself every day? You know what, he went down to the community center and he, that's so crazy. He loved to help with the spaghetti dinner every month. Isn't it crazy that, do you only have to go door to door and let your community know if you're a pedophile? But not if you're a convicted murderer. Serial killer, A convicted serial murder. Only he was a that he wasn't convicted for All of them though. So Yeah. Just a killer. Right. Just a killer.


Karen. You have any updates on your story? There is. Well it's like a corrections corner. There's confusion in this episode about whether or not Paul Bateson had begun killing before he appeared in this movie in The Exorcist. Like now they believe he began to kill men in 1977. This movie was filmed in 1972. So it's a future serial killer that you're seeing in that movie. Wow. Not an active serial killer. Ugh. My God. Yeah. And then, so we also don't know where he is now, which is fun. Right. So he served a 24 year sentence and then he was given parole on August 25th, 2003 from the Staten Island prison where he was being held.


He was 63 at the time. He was done with parole in 2008. And no one knows where he is. There were rumors he was living in upstate New York. No one knows whether or not he's still alive. And people have tried to figure it out and look into it. There's people named Paul Bateson, like someone named Paul Bateson died in September of 2012. But don't matches. Dunno if that's him. Yeah, it's, yeah, they can't, it seems the same. They can't prove it. That's 24 years and then paroled at a, you know, relatively young age, then you're off parole and goodbye. Good luck. And you're a true serial killer. Yes. This is not like, this is not some horrible hate of the moment.


Yes. It's not a passion, a crime of passion, it's not any of that. This is a person who very intentionally Yeah. Stalked and killed. Yeah. Men. I mean, to me that's hiding in plain sight more than you being a serial killer that hasn't been caught. That you being a serial killer that's been caught and released and good luck and God bless. Yeah. It it is. It's wild's. It's truly crazy. It does feel like, I think when we talk about stuff like this, it's like, shouldn't there be a separate class of talking about jail and holding people who literally can't stop killing other people or can't stop raping other people.


Shouldn't that whole thing go differently for them because Yeah. Especially these stories that are from the seventies, right. Or earlier. Right. Where it's like they go to jail for eight years. Totally. Or something. I mean it's wild. If we're gonna talk about that, let's talk about statute of limitations. Hate them. Alright, well now we're gonna listen to Georgia's story on this episode. Her story's about two children who committed murder themselves. Here we go. Hey, what's your murder, Jordan? Hey. Okay. So hiding in plain sight when you said that to me, I was like, oh, okay. I didn't really get it. No, I Don I was excited about it. 'cause I was like, so you mean like serial killers who have day jobs?


Like I didn't really understand it so I was like, what does, but yeah, that's kinda what I meant. Okay. Yeah. And you said yes. So I was like, what does that mean to me? Hiding in plain sight. And to me that meant being, and I'm fascinated by this and how disgusting it is. Hiding in plain sight is being a child who kills someone. Oh, good one. Because that's plain sight is being a child. That's right. And this, this one is kind of, so I have two similar but very different child murderers that I've always thought about 'cause they're so fucked up. And the first one is The Murderer is Josh Phillips. Okay. And he killed Maddie Clifton. So do you know this one? No. Yeah. This one is a kind of well known one. But I just, it's interesting because recently some new information came out about it.


So basically in this kid, Josh Phillips was born in 1984. He's from Jacksonville, Florida. And in July, 1999, he was convicted of murdering his 8-year-old neighbor, Maddie Clifton. He murdered her in November 98. He was 14 years old and she was nine years old. And what happened was Maddie disappeared and everyone, the whole community started looking for her and couldn't find her. And then the search ended a week after the disappearance when Josh Phillips' mother went to clean up Josh's room and thought his water bed was leaking. Oh, which A, don't get your kid A watered B It's not leaking.


Yeah, you're not, you're not like a bachelor. What is that? Yeah. Way to give your kid fucking back problems and send them to jail at the same time. Because what's more comfortable, the waterbed or the jail mattress? I don't know. So it's the Mother's fault. It's Melissa, you needed to get this together. Upon further examination, she discovered that it was Maddie's body hidden inside. Hidden like underneath the bed. And she, and fucking kudos to her ran outside across the street there was a police and was like, Hey, this kid, you know, like some parents, I don't know if they would do that immediately. No. Or they would wait until he came home and and talk. I'm like, what the fuck? And then call the police. She was like, get the fuck.


You know, freaked out. Yes. Oh, that is amazing. So Josh was arrested at school that day and he was held in maximum security. So here's what's so fucked up about it. As the 14-year-old, he was tried as an adult and sentenced to life without the possibility of parole. Like adult killers who kill more people in a more fucked up way and sexually assault them are not given such a harsh sentence. Right. And, okay, so according to Josh, what happened was that Maddie came next door to play with him. And despite the fact that Josh wasn't allowed to have people over when his parents weren't home, he let her in anyways. The two were playing, according to him, the two were playing baseball outside. Josh drew the ball and it struck Maddie in the, in the eye, causing her to start bleeding.


And she started to scream. And Josh freaks out 'cause his father is abusive and has a temper. And if he finds out that Maddie's there, the fact that she's screaming and got hurt at his house, he's gonna be in a shit ton of trouble, including being abused. Oh. So he takes her to his room. I don't know if I should even go into the details because I know people who are listening have children. And, I don't wanna Well, If you have children and you are listening to a murder podcast, but you're gonna get sensitive. Yeah. Then I would go forward One minute, 30 seconds. Thank you. Basically she died from stabbing and strangulation and clubbing with a baseball bat.


Overkill. Took her pants off, but didn't, but she wasn't molested, which is odd. Also, I was reading something on Reddit that said that she didn't have any, he said he dragged her inside the house, but there wasn't any dirt or sticks or anything on her, on her body, on her clothes, which would indicate that that had happened. So we don't really know for sure. And that's a really, that's, I mean, he tries to get off easy by saying he hit her in the head, but then he goes on to over and tells how he killed her. So it's not like he was, if if he was lying about one of them, why wouldn't he lie about both of them? Yes. So he is it, it, he he's never gonna be free.


She was nude from the waist down, but it didn't seem, and so the murder appears to have been motivated by his fear of his abusive father. It's just so fucked up. Do they know that's true or would that be another thing he could have been making up? Yeah, we don't know that either. Or even that, maybe the, even the, because I, I watched a couple episodes of, of, you know, true crime shows where the parents get interviewed and maybe that was something they made up even to say like, oh no, the father was abusive and he was scared of him. Like, let's give him an out. Yes. So we don't know if that was true or not. I think you're right. Especially the stabbing part. Yeah. The stabbing is such a, a furious and personal thing. He also choked her for 15 minutes. Oh yeah.


That is a lot. And it's, it's very hard to choke someone to death. I think we all, if you're into true crime, you know this. Yeah. It takes a lot longer and a lot more force than you. And that's when you're an adult. That's when you're an adult. Yeah. But he's also, she's also eight or nine, so she's probably a little more fragile. She's, I mean, the thing that fucks me up about this is that she's this little tomboy girl and she reminds me of me as a kid who wanted to hang out with the older boys and play with them and be one of the guys. There's a video, there's a home video he made that the boy made of this little girl Maddie and her sister playing with their new puppy. So like she trusted this kid next door. Yeah. She wanted to come over and was bugging him to play with her.


And as a 14 year, 14-year-old, did he have like a history of anything? Not mental stuff or No. Mental anything. No mental stuff. The dad died in a car accident eventually. Okay. So in 2012 recently the Supreme Court ruled that automatic life without parole sentence sentences for juveniles is unconstitutional. Hmm. And that ruling entitles Philips a re-sentencing hearing also. He's super hot now. Whatever. That's just a beside the point, but let's just put it out there. Let's just let everyone know that. Let's just get those people on Tinder aware. Yeah. So, and there's not a ton of conversation about this murder, like on Reddit or anything like that.


So I just thought it was interesting. I agree that life without parole for a 14-year-old is insane, even though I get it. He, I mean that stabbing a little girl to death and strangling. Yeah. Something happened to that boy. Yes. Something very bad happened to that boy. Whether it's a, a psychotic break, whether it was something to he was terribly abused. Well, but like, there was an interesting conversation in Reddit in like the one little bit I was able to find where this, this per this commenter was saying, you know, when I was a kid, my dad was abusive and the all you wanted to do was not get in trouble. That you didn't think about what would happen in, in the future. If. you got caught hiding, whatever it was that you were in trouble getting in trouble meant the whole family would be terrorized.


Yeah. So you do whatever you can to, to not get in trouble that moment. And it kind of made sense in a way that was like, she's not dying from this way. She's not dying. I need to kill her at this point and get it over with because I'm gonna get in trouble for having had someone over, which is, you know, maybe he was a little, maybe he was developmentally delayed, but 14-year-old, 14 seems too old to think that killing someone was an okay solution to that. Yeah, for sure. Also, I feel like hitting someone in the head and being afraid, and this is, this is just theory, obviously he would just hit her in the head a bunch more times. Right. Why not just smack her in the head with a baseball bat, is the other part.


Just gets so v violent up close, crazy, bloody, I mean like Oh God. Yeah. Almost like wanting to see what hap what happens, you know? Well the pan and the pants down thing is not good. The pants down thing is a very, a very, it's sexual no matter what. Yeah. So even If, you didn't touch her. It's sexual. Yes. And stabbing is sexual in that, you know, in a psychosexual way. Yeah, totally strangling too. I mean. Yeah. Oh man. I mean, and when you strangle someone, you for the most part have to look at them in the face. Yeah. If. you can fucking do that. You got some major issues beyond you being scared you're gonna get a belt whipping from your dad.


Yeah. And also, I mean people always say this, but I'll just say it anyway. There's, you can hear the chorus of people who were abused by terrible parents who are like, I would never kill anybody. Right. So it's not A plus B. Like I think Yeah. That, that psychiatric element is absolutely has to be there. Yeah. Because here's the other thing too. You're right. A mother who would immediately run across the street, like obviously it's insane finding a dead body under your son's bed. Yeah. But the ime she knew Yeah. She knew he did it. Like it wasn't it. I don't know. She didn't go, let's let the cops tell us what happened. Right. She went, you have to go get my son right now. Her first, her first thought was for the girl, the little girl and her and her family who was waiting to find where she was and not for her kid or, or for the, or the dad who, you know, 'cause If you find the body, someone in the house did it.


You might not know it's your son. Right. Her first thought was that I found this the girl. Yeah. She's clearly the victim. Not, not my son. That's amazing. Yeah. That's, that's fucked up. There's another one too, but maybe I, I don't need to get into it. Do it. Do it. It's just Eric Smith. This the red, the like the little Oh yeah. The redhead kid. He killed his parents. No. Okay. So Eric Smith born 1980. He murdered 4-year-old Derek Roby on August 2nd, 1993. This is in Steuben County, New York. So Eric had Eric, unlike Josh, had been diagnosed by a defense psychiatrist with intermittent explosive disorder.


Such a mental disorder causing individuals to act out violently and unpredictably. He was a loner. He was tormented by bullies. His, you know, he, he was like a nerdy redhead. He, you, you look at him as a kid in court especially, there are these videos of him in court and he's just this, he, he can tell he's troubled just by looking at him. Yeah. You can tell he'd been bullied. You can tell he didn't like himself. And he basically said he took his anger out on, on this little kid, this sweet little Derek Roby who was riding his bike to summer camp. And let's see, Eric was riding his bike to summer camp and 4-year-old Derek was walking alone to the same camp he saw, they saw each other, he lured him into the nearby woods and then Smith like overkill the shit out of him.


Ugh. Like, so this was on purpose. Like, you know, it's, it's such a weird thing. It's like, well these two different things where this kid said that he had to do it because he hit her in the head and his dad was gonna find out this kid just straight up wanted to murder someone. Yeah. And I remember hearing this thing about, in one of the, one of the many fucking true crime shows I watched that he, that that Eric took a banana out of his lunch and smashed it into the little kid's face. And later that night the aunt or someone was babysitting him and got a banana out and the kid freaked out. And I think that's how they figured out who it was. The kid freaked out over the banana. Wow. So basically he Smith said that he'd been bullied by older children in high school and that his, by his, also by his father and sister.


And he confessed that he took his rage on Roby, but was worried that Roby would tell. So he killed him. It's very odd. It's so how old was he when he did it? So this kid was, Eric was where is, I think he was 14 as well. Oh wow. I just remember the looking at pictures of him. Oh, you know why? Because when I was doing the was 13, those two boys that killed their dad. Yeah. His, he, his picture came up all the time. Yeah. And he looks so young. He looks, he's in a blazer. He doesn't look 13. He looks like he could be, he looks like he's nine 11 or 12. Yeah. Nine. And he is got those ears that stick out big old ears.


And If, you look at him now too 'cause there's some interviews with, there's some jailhouse interviews with him now where he like, he's just so apologetic to the family. He says, I wish I could take the kid's place. Like he's very, very remorseful about it. But even now he looks, he looks like, remember the redheaded guy in the burbs who lived, who was one of the haunted that lived in the house? He looks like him now. It's just like he doesn't look, which is such, I, I shouldn't judge someone by the way they look. But you know. Well, I mean that's why people get bullied. If, you look different. Yeah, definitely. It's, ugh, it's so Well, so he's been apologizing through in prison. This other kid, Josh, he has since gone on to, he got his, he got a degree in para in being a paralegal and he's been working as a paralegal helping other inmates with their appeals.


So both of these people have like, have gone on to try to make amends for their, their murder. Did they deserve to be in prison forever? And I'm not, I'm not asking. Like they don't, I fucking don't know. Right. It really brings, well it makes you come way off the like let 'em all fry. Right. Which is, I, I like to feel that way just 'cause it's very comfortable and like a simple solution. Yeah. But it's the same reason that I don't, I still can't give anyone a definite answer about the death penalty. Right. I just couldn't give anyone a, an answer. Right. Wow. That's a rough run. I mean, yeah, we just say it every time. We might as well have like just pre-taped And we roll that in of like, wow, that was awful.


Wow. That was bad And also. Wow. Those stick in my head and always have, and I'll always think about them randomly. Yeah. All the time. I think about All of these. Yeah. So are there updates for your story? Well, so I mentioned in the episode that in 2012 the Supreme Court ruled that automatic life without parole sentences for juveniles were unconstitutional. And so in 2017, the year after this episode was recorded, Phillips did get a re-sentencing hearing and he expressed regret for murdering eight year old Maddie Clifton. He claimed not to understand what he was doing at the time. And a psychologist testified that he believed Phillips was truly remorseful and had been rehabilitated.


But the judge ultimately re-sentenced Phillips to life in prison with an opportunity to have a sentence reviewed after 25 years. And he cited how heinous the murder was and an appellate court upheld the decision. And so that review should occur sometime this year in 2024, which will be 25 years after Philip's original 1999 sentencing. I mean he spent his whole life in jail. Yeah. Because he took the life of an 8-year-old. Right. But I don't know, it's this, these are hard ones, especially because they're children. Well, And also, it's, it's all hard because it's all contextual and it's easy to kind of sit over here knowing we'll never go to jail going those people should do this or that.


Right. Right. But for things like this where when you tell the story and you know what happened to that little girl, it's just like yeah. What is right. There's also those things where like when kids kill, it's because Right. Incredibly fucked up. Things have happened to them. Right. And we seen that. Or they just don't understand what they're doing. They don't understand the permanence of that. Yeah. Or the Mary be story. Yeah. Where all the worst things had already happened to her. Right. She was, she did it in that way of like, someone's kind of doing this to me. It's just like, yeah. Marrying someone's actions. Absolutely horrifying. And then for the Eric Smith case, he actually spent 28 years behind bars for the 93 murder of 4-year-old Derek Roby when Smith was 13.


And Smith was finally granted parole in 2021 after being denied in 10 previous hearings. He was ultimately released in February of 2022 at the age of 42 years old. And he now lives in Queens, New York. It's like one is home and living his life and one is still behind bars. And it's like, what? How are they different? And like what makes one person more remorseful or more rehabilitated than the other? It's just such a, I mean, yeah, it just depends on the judge really. And the jury. I mean, are there people there that are also listening to all the facts and then like weighing in on that? I don't know. I think in this kind of case it's a judge only maybe.


Hey, let us know legal people. Yeah. Alright, so let's, it's hometown time. So let's listen to the original episode nine Hometown. Do you wanna read us, let's see, why don't we do this? So you wanna read a favorite hometown murder that we got emailed? You can email us at My favorite murder at Gmail. Your hometown murder. Yes. We'll, we'll read one every fucking week, even though we get so many. It's incredible. I love you guys. And then maybe let's do a quick separate episode of Other People's Favorite on the Facebook page. I said, what's your hidden in Plain Sight murder? Oh yeah. And I can read a few of those and maybe we can read one or two Hometown murders. So we'll have a mini episode that'll come out maybe a couple days after the regular one comes out.


Great. Is that cool? I love it. Okay. So why don't you read, read Me a Hometown Murder Please. Okay, cool. This is also another, now I'm, I'm getting obsessed with follow up. Oh. Like I'm getting obsessed with like thoroughness and research and, but, but I really do genuinely love it. So this is a bit of a follow up, but there's much more to it. Okay. And it's from Lily Kay. We'll say Yes. Hi Karen and Georgia. Can't believe how much you sound like my friend Julie And. I when we're together. Together and really get going. I've been obsessed with true crime for so long that I became a forensic psychologist. You are a fucking badass Lily. Why not do what you love? There's nothing else in the entire world. I'd rather do and yes, you can intern for me sometimes.


Yes. Way to go. I make my husband watch all the true crime shows and now when he gets sick, he's convinced I'm poisoned him. Like those deadly women of centuries past. I love it. Anyway, I just found your podcast and your call for hometown crime. Then I saw you did mine in your second episode. Bummer. But I decided not to listen to it yet and pretend you didn't do it so I can tell you about it. Love it. Paul Bernardo was mine and like I mentioned, it affected me so much that I became a forensic psychologist. Wow. When I was in high school in Toronto, Toronto, the Scarborough sub suburb of Toronto rapes were going on.


It was terrifying. The bus company started letting women out at any point along the route at night, not just at stops. So we wouldn't have to walk far from the stop to home. Oh wow. Our regular gym classes were canceled. And, we got a specialist in to teach us self-defense, Holy shit. Also, there was a guy at my high school who looked more like the sketch of the Scarborough rapist than Paul ever did. And he said he was thinking of changing his hair when the sketch came out. But he was afraid that that would actually make him look more guilty. Yeah, I would. And then she put in, it wasn't him by the way. Okay. So just as the rapes started slowing down, we heard about two girls go missing on the other side of Toronto. Did you know Leslie Majay was actually locked out of her house the night that she met Paul Bernardo?


Horrible. She was a rebellious teen and her mom picked that night to do some tough love on her when she broke curfew and locked her out. Oh God and her mom locked her out. Oh God. Can I just say my mom tough love is a like was a thing. Yes. And my mom fucking did it and it was the worst in the eighties. Yeah. Kids, parents, please don't do tough love on your kids. It doesn't work. Yeah, that's right. Oh, I guess, sorry, go on. No, that's okay. It's amazing. Oh my God. So she locked her kid out. Oh, mother locked her outta the house. How much does that woman hate herself now? Oh, I can't Ima I mean that is if she's even still alive. No, that is for sure the talk about the worst thing in the world. Totally. A child dying and then you, oh my god, it's, that's a nightmare.


And then Kristen French was also portrayed as the good girl and Leslie as the more rebellious. And Tammy Carla's sister was basically a forgotten I. know every single detail about this case, but in case you don't wanna hear it, I'll get to some good anecdotes. This was going on throughout my entire high school life. The rapes, the murders. Then my last year of high school, they found out it was Paul and Carla. So of course I went to the trial. I actually had this college boyfriend. I wasn't that into And. I made him go with me. Poor guy. He was really upset about being there. But I loved it. Paul. Oh it says Paul was so incredibly in court. I wonder what she meant when they took his handcuffs off.


He wouldn't just turn his wrists to have them removed. He would turn his entire body. It was as if he was trying to look every person in the gallery in the eye. Oh it was creepy. And then in college, a girl in my dorm started dating a guy named Sam who looked like Paul. So whenever I had a couple drinks in me, I'd call him Paul. I love this chick. I also wrote all my psych papers in college on Paul Bernardo or Carla Abnormal psych class personality class. I wanted to know what made them tick. Terrifying. And then to the second one, terrify. But it's super long. Yeah. What a terrifying fucking thing to go through high school with. I mean it took up their whole world.


I mean that was, yeah, it's crazy. And then to find out that a woman is involved, I don't know why like, because you would see a couple and you'd think I'm safe. It's the ultimate we've talked about that. Yeah. Episode two was it? I think so. But that's the reason I love that she gave all those details. Yeah. 'cause that was the one where I wasn't, I was a little fuzzy on my details and that one. Well, that Holy shit you wouldn't know about. It's the same thing about watching The Simpsons is that it's information that, you know, you, you watch the whole trial but you could not have known what it was like to be on the jury. Yes. Or what it was like in Marsha Clark's office when her boss was pissed about the glove and that they, it was their idea to, to have him try the glove on. Yeah. Ugh. Details And also that like being, I love that she loved it so much.


She went to trials. Yeah. That's amazing. I can't tell you how like I've been asking people their hometown murders for years when I'm at at parties and drinking too much and calling people by murderers names and this is like just feeding, this is feeding me on a level that I can't even handle. Well you can really put away that voice in your head that says you're weird in any way. Yeah. It's just simply not weird because we have an inbox full of hometown murders to, I hope we haven't gotten any like Yeah, it's incredible. Any what? Sorry. I don't know. Like I wouldn't, like you said, someone asked us to be on their podcast in our Gmail. And I. I wouldn't see it 'cause it's just buried underneath that is there's at least one person. But I think there might be more than one person. We need, we need to give them a different email address.


Yeah. I love it. I wonder where Lily is now. How cool is that? I know. What if she's like the lead forensic scientist? I don't know. Is there something more specific she could've become? I don't know. Can you write us please and like give us a follow up please. Lily Kay. We need to know about your life now. Yes, please. All these years later. It's the eight and a half year follow up. Oh my God, that would be so rad. I mean it's like Lilly Kay was the first, we've had so many people either write in with their hometown or that we've met in person at the live shows that have told us that like they changed their major or they've always wanted to be like, do forensic science.


Yeah. That idea that there would be all these people that kind of go into that line of work. Yeah. Because they like true crime. And true crime got popular in 2016 is so exciting To me, that's one of my favorites is like, I decided to do this And I. It's just, it's unreal. Yeah. And also it's like I'm gonna be a part of the solution. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get in there, use my brain and try to like advance what All of this is. Totally. And you know, it's a huge majority of is women. So it's just like so proud that if we have any little tiny part of that, like what more do we fucking need from our lives? We've done it. You know what we need. Huh? Better titles. You don't like Color Me Nine.


Okay. Okay. I do actually. Yeah. It's pretty good for, for a pun. I do. It's good. Okay. So now we're gonna tell you what titles we would pick. Now if we were naming this episode, not a pun, but a quote from what we said during the episode. Okay. So one is You've Ruined Yourself. Love that one. I feel like that one's a pretty That's good. Strong contender. That was, that was you talking about ruining the People versus OJ Simpson, which we called The Simpsons for listeners. We were basically spoiler alerting it. Yeah. Well you've ruined yourself. I can hear myself saying that. Sure. Sas. Then there's someone take a shot, which is you talking about the drinking game. And then you actually say Holy shit in the episode.


So then you're take a shot, do it and then I'm sorry I brought it up. Or you telling a story and how you feel sometimes after talking about these like, I'm sorry, I brought it up on the murder podcast. Yeah. I think is like how what you thought, what we were thinking. Yeah. That encapsulates a lot. It does. I mean, I'd pick any of those three. Yeah. What would you guys pick? I think we've been posting them on social media like vote for which one you want. And. I kind of love that. And I've been voting too. I'm not gonna lie on Instagram. A dirty vote. You're getting there. Dirty voting. I'm dirty vote. Because you can't see the answer of like the percentages unless you vote. So I vote for mine GA part of everything. How about that?


Oh, there, it's, we did it. We fucking did it. We did it. It's another rewind episode for All of you. Thank you so much for listening. You guys have really been supportive and here for this and it's very exciting. It is. We We appreciate you guys so much. Thank you guys for tuning in. Oh. And stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?