
This is exactly right.


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy. Heinous Crimes Unsettle, a small community, and the local detective feels these atrocities are eerily personal, as if someone or something is taunting her. Starring Niecy Nash Betz, Courtney b Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs Grotesquery all new Wednesdays on FX Stream. On Hulu.


Hey, it's Kaylee Coco for Priceline. Ready to go to your happy place for a happy price? Well, why didn't you say so? Just download the Priceline app right now and save up to 60% on hotels. So whether it's Cousin Kevin's kazoo concert in Kansas City, go Kevin or Becky's Bachelorette Bash in Bermuda. You never have to miss a trip ever again. So download the Priceline app today. Your savings are waiting. Go to your happy place for a happy price. Go to your happy price price line.


Hello And. Welcome to Rewind with Karen in Georgia. This is our new weekly episode where we bravely revisit 2016 and some of our earliest episodes and give you our 2 cents. On the olden days, we kind of talk shit on ourselves. Yeah, in a lot of ways You know we're not above that. and we also consider who we were. Who we are now, everything that's changed along the way and wherever we can. We also provide case updates. So today we're rewinding to episode 10 from Friday, April 1st, 2016. And this episode was called Murderous TENdencies. Get it? So go get your favorite manicurist, a door-to-door salesman or a single cat lady and invite them to listen along, because now we can all be day one listeners.


Okay. Are you ready to listen to the intro of episode 10? I mean? Why not? That's what we're here for, right? Microphone. Check. Check one, one, two. 1, 2, 1. What is this? Two? Do the thing. Check it out. Y'all has to stay in the podcast. Okay. A kind of a rock. Beginning the night. Karen and Georgia lost their minds. I have to say this would be It. is this episode 10? Oh my God. Hi. Happy 10th anniversary. What a gorgeous day for the two of us. This is what? Wood is this wood anniversary? This is the wood anniversary. I'm I got you a sign that says Wood.


You welcome to would. Would you murder me? Yeah. They carved it at the fair for you. So God Did. you ever think we'd get when we were recording the first one that we would record nine more? I never thought we'd get this far. I mean. It is special. It's a special thing. Yeah. It was a thing that we talked about a couple times and then we actually did. And we just did it without ever talking about it again. We're just like, let's fucking do it. Which I think is like, that's how you do things. I think so. Don't overthink it. No, don't be afraid to fail. Don't overplan. Don't plan and floss and floss and wear SPF 30 or higher 30.


Or you hurt the song You. know what you're supposed to wear. I mean. Listen. Look. Look. And. listen. Look. And, listen. Wear your mother watch. Ouch. Wear your coat. What's your coat? Listen to your mothers. Karen and Georgia. Listen to your mother. Listen to your mother. I'm Georgia. I'm Karen. And This is My favorite murder. Welcome to My. favorite murder X. Right? That's 10. Oh yeah. X. Yeah. Little sexy. Throwing the sex in. Always. Always gotta be sexy when you're getting murdered. Got to have to stay. Stay. So what? Stay. So stay so sexy. Stay so sexy as a favor to us.


Welcome back. Welcome back. We are are highly trained professionals. We have radio backgrounds. We have NPR backgrounds, we have PhDs. We both have PhDs in podcasts. We both have PhDs in podcasting. You don't even know you guys. What if we went to Yale for podcasting? We just haven't bragged about it yet. We could be teachers there. We could. The first teachers where we're like, here's what you gotta do with podcasting. You gotta record it. Yeah. Listen, I almost graduated community college. I feel like I am ready for this. Yeah, you're ready. And. I flunked out of state college. I think you're supposed to do that, aren't you? I hope so. 'cause I sure did with flying colors. I think I got like a 0.12.


Grade point average I. mean You. know what is really boring. Math. School. School and math. Listen, kids drop that. No, don't do that. Listen. You know. Do you have insane influence over kids? I like the idea. Like the kids that are listening, she's like this 8-year-old being like, I'm not gonna school. 'cause Karen and Georgia were like, don't do it. Then they told me about terrible murder. I'm gonna a podcaster one day. Oh Jesus. But there is someone on our podcast Facebook group who's going back to school to become a forensic scientist because of us. No, like legit said, listening to this has inspired her. Yay. Because she wanted to do it before and then like Yeah. She's always been in love with true crime. And she said that you guys helped inspire me so we don't have to take all the credit, but there's fucking credit there.


Sounds like we get 75% credit. I feel like we're going to her graduation. I would completely go. I really would. I absolutely would. Oh my God. I I, that's so exciting to me. It's the thing that we both would love to do. God bless your education. Do it. Help people. Yeah. Solve some fucking crimes. You're probably not gonna make a lot of money, but fuck money. Listen. Money is for suckers. Look, look And. listen. No. Do it. You No. You make a decent amount of money. Yeah, I think so. I mean. Listen. I've learned, listen. I've learned. Look, look. Listen. And, listen. Learn. You only need a certain amount and it's more than you're gonna probably make, but do it anyways.


I have made no brag, but This is true. In times in my life, I've been so in debt that my father has told me to move home. And I've also made so much money that I could have anything I wanted. Me too And. I was absolutely miserable when I had all the money. And I had the best time in the world when my dad was like, seriously pack it in. Give up the dream. I do think back about that 'cause I'm in the same place where like I had to borrow money from my mom for rent, who also has no money. Yeah. Oh, that's the worst. Yeah. And I've had a shit ton of money. And. listen, life is easier when you have a little money. Of course. but it's just as fun when you don't and it's, it's something freeing.


Yes. You don't have as much weighing you down. Okay. And also it's good to have, it's good to be challenged. It's good to have hardship. It And I. Obviously we're saying that with a grain of salt of like think life can be hard. And then we're not saying And. We're both talking about in the past five years. It's not like when we were in our fucking twenties. Exactly. I'm talking the last five years I've been like, yeah, I've had this experience recently. Yeah. Where I was, money did not make me happier. All I could figure out to do with myself was order cashmere sweaters off of J. Crew. And then And I just ended up giving them to my cousins because Yeah. They ended up being this weird symbol of like, don don't, I'm not about that. Yeah. I don't really give a shit about that. I wish I could give all the millions of meals I've eaten that I've paid so much money for.


Oh nah. Those are worth it. Well, yeah, I guess the first thing that made me think of was like amazing French bread. Oh. Like I've eaten millions of dollars in carbs. There's no way. That's not true. Well 'cause you do it professionally. I do it professionally. And I love carbs. And then Yeah, you do it voluntarily. I do it voluntarily too. You have very good taste. Thank. you. The thing is too, instead of wanting money, you want to be doing for a living what you actually really love. That's why it's great. She's going back to school. I didn't know thing. Like I really didn't think that would be a thing for me in my life. That you'd be able to figure out what you loved. And I didn't think I could do it for a living. So I would never state what I loved because it felt too cocky.


Yep. To be like, I wanna be a writer. Or I Yeah, I wanna be a little, I wanna be on camera or whatever the fuck It is. It just felt stupid to say that I wanted it. Yep. So you can just tell yourself. You don't have to tell anyone else. Right. But also you get it just as much as anyone else should get it. Like you're as deserving as anybody. My grandma saying was bigger dummies than you. Yeah. And that applies to fucking everything. Yep. I promise you someone way more stupid than this girl has become a forensic scientist. A bigger dummy. A hundred percent. Right? Yes. So she can do it too. She can not only do it, she can improve the field. Absolute fucking tatively. Because she likes it. Speaking of, I'm, I'm reading a new book.


Okay, let's hear that. And by that I mean I'm listening to a new book because I'm obsessed with audio books. Okay. I am listening to a book called No Stone Unturned. Ooh. It's the true story of the world's premiere forensic investigators. Remember in like, I think episode we won, we talked about Necro search. Yes. It's a book about how the, how Necro search came to be. Ooh. Which started with them burying pigs to study decomposition and what happened to to bodies. But what's so cool about it that I didn't realize is they all come from a wide range of backgrounds. From I'm reading this geophysicist to cadaver dog specialists to chemists rank and file cops.


And no one is allowed to address anyone as other than their first name. They can't say doctor. So no one's a no one. There's no elitism, none nice. And everyone is just as important. And everyone's, it's, the book is like a testament to socialism. I don't know. It's really good. Well, because like we've talked about a bunch of times where like when cops, when the culture of policing gets in the way of solving crimes. Yeah. Because people are like, oh, we're gonna keep that our our what? I was gonna say, our district are You know department gets that You know case or you, you see it all the time on law and order, whatever, like Sure. And you don't want someone's help and you don't want, you don't, you don't share information. No. It's the whole thing that happened during the Zodiac killing.


Yeah. And he killed in all these different counties in the Bay Area. Nobody knew who should have been sharing information. Yeah. Well This is really cool because their only goal is to find buried bodies. That's what the Necro search is, is buried bodies or I mean. So Corpus Andy, that's bodies not delicious bodies. Iny. It's such a rad, it's a rad book. If you're really into forensic science and all these fields and how You know just forensic detectives. It's a good fucking book. And they're just trying to help solve cases. Yeah. It's like a new way. Right. It's like in the beginning they're looking for one of 10 Bud Ted Buddy's victims based on what he told them, where he hid the body.


And so they're like, a bunch of them get together to go try to find this girl's body fuck. And there's somebody there that's like, that kind of tulip only grows if dah, dah, dah. That kind of tulip only grows if this, if you take a photo when the sun is rising or the sun is setting, you'll see indentations in the grass that you won't see otherwise. That means that the, the soil has been disturbed. The the part about gimme a book. It's so good. The part about the bloodhounds who find bodies is like adorable and incredible. They're like such good fucking dogs. Oh, they're very stupid also, apparently. Oh, what? But You know, they, they they, they do these little things like they furrow their brows when they're sniffing. And that's just store the scent in their brows.


And when they need it, they unfurl their brow and they get the scent again. They do all these little weird I mean it, This is the kinda shit that the book tells you about. And it's written really well. And there's also updates. 'cause it was written like 90 something, 91 So now. That's amazing. My dog is Half Hound. Oh, I love Hounds. And she's Hilarious because they, yeah, they look different. Their faces changed so much. Like when she is excited, her face looks one way and then when she's like concentrating she looks totally different. That's really funny. I just heard that their lip flaps are long and they go over the bottom lip because it collects the scent in their mouth. Really? Like it gets it all up in their nose. Oh. When their ear, because their ears flap it. It kicks up dust so they can smell the dust, the dirt and the dust.


Wow. What the fuck? Right. Yeah. So it's called No Stone Unturned. It's on Audible. I highly recommend it. That's amazing. Yeah. What's your book that you're listening to or reading? Reading. Do You know how to read? I, I can read and I just bought, it's the book called Lost Girls. And it's about that fucking serial killer on Long Island that baffles me. Okay. So I joined the Facebook page. By the way, everybody Oh yeah. Karen. No, no, no. You didn't join the Facebook page. You joined Facebook. I like, I went Thank. you This is cute. I went back to Facebook. This was, I made a very dramatic exit on Facebook in 2011. Fuck everyone Like one of those. Well, nothing had actually happened, but everybody, it was, I was in a writer's room and everybody was talking about how irritating Facebook was, but they were all also talking about how they were addicted to it.


And you wanted to one up everyone and Well, I'm so Adi such an addictive personality that like, I can't not look at things And, I get really You know. You wanna know, did somebody try to get a hold of me? Yeah. And it's all that craziness. I completely understand that. And it makes me live in a world that doesn't exist. Totally. So as everyone was talking about it, I was recognizing every single thing everybody in the room was saying, And, I. Just really fast and without overthinking it just went and deleted my account. I did that with Twitter in like 2009. Oh, you did do You know how many fucking followers I'd have at this point if I hadn't done that. I know a shit ton. A shit ton. But you wouldn't be any happier. 'cause followers are like money. I, like I said, I like money.


Oh, that's right. Right, right, right. Yeah. So yes, I rejoined Twitter, but don't tell anyone I went Facebook camp with. They're the other reason I quit. Someone with your last name Join the My favorite murder podcast. Really? Facebook. Susan. No, Sarah an us. Anyway, I was scared it was your niece because I was like, she's too young for this. Nora No Nork. Nora's last name's gonna, well I won't say her last name, but she wouldn't. My my sister doesn't let her on social media yet. You know as of this very moment, we are about 50 people away from 2000 followers. Holy shit. Not, I'm not gonna say followers because that sounds condescending. Group members. Yes.


And they're the fucking, it's the best group. It is so fun to go on there. I have. So my book, somebody recommended it on that page and then I listened to, I think it's, it's a podcast called, I think it's called Crime Garage. Have you heard that one? No. It's two guys. And they Shocking. Were talking about the, they had updates on this murder, which I had heard about, but I wanted to hear the updates. Are there updates there? There were updates of just like new things that they had found. But I realized as they were talking about it that I needed to know what they were talking. Right. I needed to know more details. Right. And then somebody posted, whoever posted on the discussion page about this book, when I read the reviews, it was like, This is an amazingly written book.


It's funny. 'cause I've never wanted to, there's something about that case that I, I can't wrap my head around the fact that that person is still out there and that one of the murders of the woman who ran away from that guy's house. Yeah. There's a woman who went to, to dance quote unquote John's party's house. Yeah. And freaked out and ran away and was then found dead. And like the answer is in there somewhere. Yes. That's what bothers me about that so much is the answer is so obviously in from when she died to when she got to that guy's house. Yes. And that's exactly what the crime Garage guys are saying. I hope that's the name of that podcast. 'cause that's what they were I listened to because I was in the grocery store one day. Yeah. I'm almost positive. It's okay.


But that basically the cops haven't interrogated the person who had that party. 'cause he's crazy rich. They were just like, no, he has nothing to do with it. But didn't she also go to some guy's house who like takes in wayward female? Like he, one of the doors she knocked on was some dude who takes in wayward females. Well, I've only read, okay. At this point I heard their podcast. Yeah. And I've read like the first 10 pages. Ugh. That's But this book is frustrating. This is written. It's giving you the backstory of each of the bodies found. So they're not bodies found. Yeah. They're these young women who have these rough upbringings. Yeah. But like these mothers who busted their ass all their life to get their girl, to get her to one better place. And then she was like, but I'm really pretty, pretty A few bucks.


Yeah. Even that's what kind of bothered him in the book. I'm I no stone unturned. It was like about the Denver serial killer. He was like, they were like prostitutes started, started showing up dead. And it's like, can't you just say women? Right. You can't just say, women started showing up. There's such an innuendo when you're, when you specifically say that prostitutes started showing up. Well that's exactly right. And you can feel yourself care less than if they were like a 16-year-old cheerleader from this high school. Totally. Some blonde, like And I mean we really do have a caste system about that. They live a more, they live a more, what's the lifestyle we were talking about last week? Oh, high risk. They live a bit higher risk by style. So it's more like, like you get into some random dude's, car wants to pay you for sex.


There's a much higher chance you're gonna get raped. But that and murder. But that doesn't mean you deserve it. But I think it's that the thing we say all the time where it's just like, stay sexy. Ultimately we're, we are talking, we're talking so much about these victims and what are the question mark above their head? We, how much have we talked about this fucking serial killer? Yeah. Who has gotten away with killing? She's allowed to killing what? Over 10 women. These bodies are just like dumped next to this highway. And there's children Children too. Isn't there like someone's daughter or something like that? don don't know. Yeah. Because I've only started this book. But I mean it's fascinating and it's like this, this killer is just behind a wall somewhere. Yeah. Just totally protected.


He knows who he, it's so weird to know that like I mean, I wonder if there's this part of him that's like, I know the secret to this and no one else does and Yeah. That's exciting somehow. Well, and if, if it's like the jinx where if they're paid off or they, they're so rich 'cause they're out. You know it's out by Jones Beach. Yeah. It's out like way It. is that upstate New York or is it New Jersey? Yeah, it's Long Island. Long Island. Okay. It's like way up Long Island though. Really nice area. Crazy. Everything's gated. You know. It's all that. It's all, it's an chip. It's all that. I don't know, I it's fascinating. So anyway, I'm excited about that book and whoever recommended it on the discussion page high five. I can't wait until we find out who, who It is.


I know man. This is gonna, we're gonna have an emergency episode that we will have to like in the, at 3:00 AM Get the call. Yeah. And be like, get your podcaster out because we gotta record your podcaster out. Okay. A lot to unpack here. Yeah. Yeah. Where do we start? Money is for suckers. Yeah. Yeah. We definitely talk shit about money. Which You know. Let's not ignore that. If we're gonna talk shit, we can talk shit. We can't ignore that. Me saying I was once so broke. My dad told me to move home. Yeah. It hadn't been long before that episode. Yeah, it was in the recent past of that episode. Definitely. Like honestly, Vince wouldn't have moved in with me three months into our relationship if I didn't need someone to pay half the rent.


Like I think about that now, about how quickly my relationships moved because I couldn't afford rent on my own. Sure. And I. It wasn't a bad decision and we would've done it eventually anyways. Yeah. But three months in and he was looking for a place and I'm like, we really fucking like each other. Yeah. Can I pay 500 a month instead of You know 11. Yeah. So like You know. Let's not ignore it. This podcast has done wonders for our not moving home with our parents. And. we appreciate it. And. I can't believe it. It's I mean. It's still hits me all the time and it's just wild and so crazy. So fucking crazy. If I had thrown in the towel when my dad told me to throw in the towel. That's right. We wouldn't be here right now. Listen, don't listen to Jim. Please don't look And. listen. Which comes up in this episode.


I mean there's some classics that come up in this episode. Definitely. Also on the last episode, I talked about dirty, deleting people. But actually on this episode is when I tell everybody I've rejoined Facebook. Yes. Because I had been on, it could not handle myself on it when I first was on it. And so actually technically I started Dirty De Leaning after episode 10. Maybe you snuck on though before and we didn't know you were on it. Oh, I did. Like I didn't have a profile. Yeah. I don't know. Would I have been able to be a moderator if you asked Steven on the side? Wait, he wasn't there yet though. Steven's still in the womb. We're still Prete Steven's in the womb. Still Steve's off trying to grow out that mustache somewhere in Los. Angeles.


Oh my God. Okay. And then, yeah, so we do look And listen and we do lock your door. The F four doesn't come in yet. And then also Fuck Politeness is there throughout the episode. Yeah. A lot of gems. A lot of gems in here. Also, we talk about the Lost Girls Gilgo Beach murders. Yes. And then we talk about when this guy gets caught that we should do an emergency episode and all that talk. And Rex Howman was arrested and charged with three counts of first degree murder and three counts of secondary murder in 2023. So unbelievable. And I. Think that was like, I think we may have talked about it at the time.


Yeah. At the time. Yeah. But the idea that back then we were just like, I love it. And it's like little do we know Yeah. What's gonna happen with Golden State Killer? Totally like that. That is actually a thing that's going to happen. I mean, it's funny because people get frustrated when I cover cold cases sometimes, but it's like, yeah. But then do you mean me? I think you've seen the point. The point. Yeah. And now This is like I mean This is insane. Like what, in the next eight years? Yeah. What's gonna happen? Right. Zodiac, who, what was like, what's the one that you just like wanna know the answer to? Zodiac probably. Right? I mean Zodiac would be satisfying only because it's, I'm from the Bay area. Right, right. So there's there's that connection. Yeah. But JonBenet, I'll take just a solid kind of This is actually what happened that night.


Yeah. A period. I guess I also say we need a new word for prostitute. Right. Sex worker wasn't part of the lexicon yet. I think listeners wrote in, they're like, that's right. There is one. You should be saying this. That's right. and we were just like, oh my God. Then we will. And sorry. Yeah. And it's perfect. Yeah. Love that. Yeah. Love that. We could get that word kind of. And it's like kind of known now that like, you don't use the word I mean I cringe when I hear it on like You know a TV show or something. Yeah, yeah. Oh, also regarding this, Karen talks about the Crime Garage podcast episode about this, but it's actually True Crime Garage where big fans are still around. Check it out. They're one of the OG true crime podcasts. They are. Yeah. They definitely are.


Should we get into your story? This is one. I mean, you said it on the last episode, but Who Put Bella in the Witch Elm is a story where I'm like, I would love to know what that actually was. World War ii murder mystery. Like in a tree. In a tree with creepy, like little talismans happening. Yeah. Like what? Let's find this one out, you guys. Okay. Listen to it now and then we'll talk about it after. Let's talk.


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy. Heinous Crimes Unsettle a small community. And the local detective feels these atrocities are eerily personal, as if someone or something is taunting her. Starring Niecy Nash bets Courtney b Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs Grotesquery, all new Wednesdays on FX Stream. On Hulu.


This podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health. For many women, approaching menopause is a mystery and not a fun mystery like, Hey, who brought in donuts? Yeah. It's more like, what is my body doing and who can I talk to about it? And that's why MIDI Health wants to help you demystify and navigate this time of your life. They're the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. They support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, supplements, lifestyle coaching and preventative health guidance plus MIDI health services are covered by most major insurers. Menopause is an unavoidable fact of life, but navigating it doesn't have to be a mystery. For My favorite murder listeners, be one of the first 200 people to complete your first MIDI virtual visit. And you'll get a free prove 15 day hormone test kit so you can track your daily hormone levels and gain valuable insights about your hormonal health. Just tell them it was My favorite murder. Who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com. That's join, MID i.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay. You're gonna go first This week. Should we? Yeah. I'll go first. This week. So we're ready for our favorite murder. Are you ready? All right. So This week, I picked a topic and then I hated it. So I made, I said, Karen, what's your dream topic? Do you remember what the topic was before it was vintage, unsolved. Oh, right. But then I got really angry and was like, I can't do this. And I said, Karen, have you picked yours yet? And you said, no. And I said, what's your, of course not dream topic. And then I just didn't answer you. 'cause I was like MYOB. Is that opus? No, no, not at all. You said you said weird murders. Yes. Which like basically is we've done so many already. I mean, but we've also done like kids killing kids.


We've done so many I know. Things that like we're the category idea. Yeah. We're just trying to organize our thoughts. Totally. It's try, it's it's trying to help us like go down a path that's not an infinite path. Yes. Okay. So but also like what murder isn't weird ultimately. Oh, totally. It's kind of an aberration just in an But You know. Well, I, I thought there was a couple that I wanted to do. And I also don't wanna do one that everyone, like there's something about the, like maybe it's just the pod, the Facebook Facebook group that like, everyone in that fucking group knows every murder. Yes. Like they know everything, which is like, so fun. But I don't wanna disappoint them. Yes. Same You know what I mean. So, so I picked one, I was gonna do the Tom Shoo case.


Yes. You know what I mean, where it's a unsolved case of an unidentified man found dead in 1948 in Australia. And in his po he walked up on the beach and in his pocket was a piece of paper with the phrase Tom shoo, which means meaning ended or finished in Persian, printed on a little scrap of paper. And they don't know who he is or where he came from, what his deal is. It's fucking, it's a fascinating case if you don't know it, which you probably, everyone probably knows it. So, and it's still unsolved, right? Yeah. Okay. And so is this one, the one that I picked as my favorite word murder called Who Put. Bella in the Witch. Elm, is that yours? I, no, no, no. But I just listened to a different podcast about this. Yes, it's great. It's also called the Hagley Woods Mystery.


Sometimes This is a good one. So in April, 1943, which is obviously in the middle of World War ii, four boys from St Bridge in the UK were poaching when they came. Can you say that one more time? St. Bridge uk. They were poaching. They came across a large witch elm. It's spelled W-I-T-C-H or WYCH in different, different postings. I can't really tell. I think it's W-I-T-C-H. And the, as they found a witch helm on an estate belonging to a Lord. They thought it was a good place to hunt birds nest. And so they tried to climb into the tree to investigate, and they found a skull. Hmm. And they thought it was an animal.


And then they saw human teeth and hair attached to this. Mm. And they had found a human skull. So they, they went, they were like, here's a great idea. Let's not tell anyone. 'cause we'll get in trouble for being on the Lord's land. Like boys, if you ever find something, say something, or you look fucking suspicious, your parents won't be mad at you for being on someone's land. If you find a skull, everyone knows lords are dicks. Look, we've all dealt with asshole lords before. We've all trespass on land that belongs to lords. And if you find a body, you should tell someone. So the youngest kid that was like, of course it's the youngest kid, he's like, I get here, mommy. Yeah, mommy, mommy. And he told his parents, and the, the police checked the trunk of the tree.


They found an almost complete human skeleton, a shoe, a gold wedding ring, and some fragments of clothing. And then on further investigation, a severed hand was found buried in the ground near the tree. Ooh. A yellow. The body was examined by Professor James Webster, and he established that the skeleton was a female who had been done for at least 18 months. And at the time of death, must have been around October, 1941, he discovered a This is the best. A section of TDA lodged in her mouth. Ooh. Suggesting she had died from ex asphyxiation. And I wrote or from fashion in my notes.


She, she died from the eighties. Oh, Georgia. Oh, Georgia. Go for it. Go do it. Do it. The measurement of the trunk, which the body was placed in, made him think that she must have been placed there still warm after the killing, as she could not have fit in once rigor mortis had taken hold rigor mortis is, I'm fascinated by it. It's just Oh my God. Because it sets in, but then it goes away. Right? I think it goes away after like 10 days. But you can, I feel like you can also break it. Oh. With enough force. Oh, listen, everyone put on the Facebook group whether or not This is true or not. Yeah. What do You know about rigor mortis? Like clearly someone knows something. That's a good podcast too, by the way.


So it's our offshoot podcast. Someone knows something about rigor mortis. Okay. So the, the woman's murder was in the midst of World War II in the uk, which clearly had a lot of action going on. So it hampered the investigation. Police could tell from the items, found what the woman looked like, what so many people reported missing during the war. They, they really couldn't tell, like find out who it was. They did a nationwide search of dental practices, which came up with nothing. Which I feel like in 1941, that nationwide search of dental practices was not very thorough. Yeah. You're like calling up on one of those like crank wall phones. Yeah. Of like You know.


Yeah. Hey, it's tro rage 3 9 4 7 8. Have you seen a, a cap on on the insides or three You know? Like we don't do those here. Yeah. Hey. And it's also a barbershop. I love our, I love our dental. Hey, we have, yeah. They're British people that talk like they're from the Bronx. Perfect. From the, from a movie from the Bronx. This This is a good radio, but well, again, all the, just the facts here, you guys. That's all you got is the facts and only the facts. This is a real boring podcast. So people eventually kind of forgot about the woman in the treat until the graffiti started. Yeah. What an ominous fucking line. This is the beginning of Banksy. So, so someone wrote, who put L label bee down the witch elm Ooh.


And graffiti. And then someone wrote the hagley wood bella. Then someone wrote Who Put Bella in the Witch Elm. And the graffiti appeared on walls throughout the West Midlands, which is near where it happens seemingly by the same hand, which is a fucking, I love handwriting analysis so much. Me too. It was last painted onto the graffiti was last painted onto the side of a 200 year old oiss, which is like spooky as fuck. Yeah. On the 18th of August, 1999 in white paint. Whoa. That's some, that's some What was the the to? That's some toy and be tile shit. You know I mean. Yes, that's right. It just continues on. What the fuck?


So let's see. Okay. A couple theories that the hand buried close by could have been a hand of glory, which I actually talked about recently on Slumber Party. It's a dried and pickled hand of a man who has been hanged, often specified as being the left hand, or if the man was hanged for murder, the hand that did the deed. And they, at old European beliefs attributed the great powers to the, to a hand of glory combined with a ca They made it, they fuck, basically they made a fucking hand of someone who was hanged into a candle. And so when people would break into someone's house, they would bring it with them for good luck. Oh, that's shit's pretty much what it was. So it was a oc cultist type of thing, which is like, look what There's a hand buried nearby.


What does that mean? I feel like the glory part is a bit of a misnomer. It's horrifying. It's a, it's a disembodied hand. The hand of horrifying turn into a, like they put the wick on the tip of the fingers. Like if someone broke into my house with that, I would run. So of course you would get away with it. Take all of my jewels. Bye. I'd be like, bye. Okay, bye. Okay, bye. You got me later days. So, so I read this part from This is all from like Wikipedia and random like websites. This is from the unredacted. It wasn't until 1953 when journalist Wilford Jones started to write about the old case that interest was revived.


And he would soon receive the first solid lead in nearly a decade. This is in 1953, there was a letter signed. Only Anna offered new details of what had happened to Bella. According to the letter Bella, I love this, had been murdered because of her involvement with a Nazi spying operating in the Midlands in the early 1940s. Yes. No, I'm obsessed with World War ii. Nazis love them. Hundreds of German spies were captured in Britain during the war. And, and the Midlands would've been a valuable source of intelligence because of its prevalence of munitions factories. Wow. Really fucking cool. So the journalists, you never think of England is having spies like that. It's like, yeah. You think of 'cause it's an island over by itself.


Yeah. How did they get there? Well, This is what the theory, sorry. No, no, no. I, I didn't write this down. But This is one of the theories Okay. Is that she parachuted in and somehow ended up in the trunk of the tree, which I call bullshit on that theory. No. Maybe someone, maybe she parachuted and then they found her and killed her and put her in the tree. The idea that you would parachute in to be a spy and you would parachute down into it into the a forest, the trunk of a tree. Yeah. You are the dumbest, un luckiest spy. Who's the worst at parachuting? Listen, she's in a plane. She grabs, she gets scared. So she grabs a handful of her tita stuffs it in her mouth, jumps up, but she doesn't scream too loud on her way down. Hits her arm, her hand comes off the force buries it in the, in the ground.


This is all absolutely feasible. This is all do. It's doable. It's doable. Wait a second. What material? Taftas like prom dresses. Tafta isn't parachutes, right? I think no, tafta. I feel like it's an unders skirt material. Oh, okay. Okay. Or or maybe it's a Lacey collar. Okay. Like a high, like Victorian Lacey collar. It's not like nylon. We're not talking. It's a different thing than her shoes. No. Yeah. That would be cool. I thought I had a theory. But You know. At the same time though, these stories are passed down so long that it, someone could have said it's tda and that stuck true. Which is the problem with these old crimes is like they just get told so many times that these things come fact. So I'm gonna say that she had parachute nylons stuffed in her mouth.


Let's change the story to change for us. We're slipping the script. Okay. So then the journalist got a letter from this woman Anna, claiming Bella had died after getting involved in a World War II Nazi spying. And she said, finish your articles on the Witch Elm crime. By all means, they're interesting to your readers, but you'll never solve the mystery. The one person who could give the answer is now beyond the jurisdiction of the earthly courts. That's a great way to say someone's dead. We're now called my favorite. Beyond the jurisdiction of the earthly courts. God, the affair courts. I know the affairs closed and involves no witches black magic or moonlit rites. Basically this witch is like, I know what fucking happened.


Shit. So do you think that witch Did you say witch or bitch, that bitch knows what hap No, no witches black magic or moonlight rites. Like she's saying it wasn't a witchcraft. Oh, because It is in the forest. I know. Creepy. Yeah. Anyway. And she's found in a fucking trunk of a tree. Like that's, that's some What was the, the show recently with American Har? No, Woody Harrelson. Oh, true Detective. That's some true detective shit right there. Season one baby. Season one. Fuck. Season two. Season two was slop. Although we did see Colin Ferrell at the movie theater the other night. He did And I almost told him your performance in true detective season two was masterful.


The only saving grace of that show, that episode season. Truly. And my girl Ra Rachel McAdams, I do love her. No, she just bores me. She just acts like this all the time. And she bores me. I know, but she has perfect. Like she always has a good bob. Yeah, she has a great bob. She has a nice tall forehead. I I'm jealous of her face. She should love a tall forehead. I really do. Because mine is like a three head It is the shortest. All my bangs are an atrocity. Nothing works. Nothing works. You should shave the front part of your, your forehead. Like the, the beginning. Like, like an edwardian. Yep. Yeah. Just get it waxed and it look like That's good. I know. Oh my God. I wanna bar like how bar, how you used to cut your Barbie's hair off in the front for bang and like here's bang.


It's still growing. You know. I used to do baby bangs like in the early nineties when I was a big drunk, like little f FIEs. I can't tell you how my face looked like a straight up full moon. I looked like the blood moon walking around working at the Gap. You talk about your photos from when you were younger. So much And. I've never seen them. I'm dying to see them. I've, I've scrubbed the internet of them. Fuck. Please don't scrub my brain of them. Okay. Sorry. Sorry. No, This is the best part. After subsequent correspondence, Anna revealed herself to be a woman named Una Mossop and told the full story. She said her husband Jack worked on a local munitions factory, again, the munitions factory in the early 1940s and come into some money after meeting a mysterious Dutchman.


He later admitted to Una that the Dutchman was a Nazi agent and Jack had been passing him information about the local Indu industrial sites. Listen, you asshole. Yeah. This is why we fucking lost the word. No, I'm kidding. We did, we actually won the word Georgia. I'm totally kidding. Let's see. So which in turn was passed to another agent posing as a cabaret performer at local theaters. The Midlands had been bombarded by the Lu Wafa in the early forties. And such information would've been invaluable to the Nazis to target their raids when they would have done the most damage to Britain's war effort. One day Jack met his contact at a pub close to Hagley Wood. He was arguing with the Dutch, with a Dutch woman.


This Dutchman was arguing with a Dutch woman ordered Jack to drive them both out to the, the Clint Hills. But the argument had grown extremely violent and the Dutch agent strangled the woman in the car fearing for his own life. Jack helped carry the body into the nearby Hagley woods where the pear buried it in the hollow of an old tree elm. That sounds reasonable. Yeah. That's I mean. It sounds insane, but like a reasonable explanation also, sorry to say, but it's kind of a good idea to bury a body inside of a tree. Totally. It's like a, it's like tra now how they're doing. They're doing burials when you can be like, I wanna be a pod and you can get buried in the woods now. Oh right. But it's against your will.


But it's only the only difference. Listen, stick with me. It's anco burial. Right. But you don't have AdChoices in the matter. This totally makes sense to me. And I was gonna say something else. And I forgot. So, yeah. Oh. Oh. I feel like there's so many murders that are solved because an ex-girlfriend, a jailed ex ex lover, ex-girlfriend is like, Hey, FYI, here's what happened. Totally. I didn't say 'cause I was scared for my, which I totally believe. Like you eventually tell Yeah. I mean. 'cause that guy had a lot to lose if he was like passing info. Oh, treason. Then if she said anything. Yeah. He, he probably told her, I'll kill you if you I mean like Yeah.


She thought he would die. She didn't want him to die either. She'd loved him. Yeah. And then he slept with her sister and she was like, listen, fuck this dude. Is that the reason why she said no? Oh, oh totally. This that'd be awful. Okay. So Uno's husband was apparently so traumatized by the brutal murtle, my Myrtle of Bella, that he had a nervous breakdown tormented by a horrific visions of a woman's skull in a tree. And he was institutionalized in 1941 and apparently died later that year. So that sounds totally plausible and feasible. And it sounds like it happened immediately. Like it, he went through the trauma and then just freaked out out. It turns out nobody knew this, but Nazis are assholes. Oh yeah.


They should have mentioned that in the forties. So America, they could have gotten involved in that war earlier. Ooh. Sea flies and political I said it. You heard me. And I said it. It's like everyone from their, that era is dead. And everyone, I don't care that you said it. It's true. There's like one 90-year-old veteran that's like, how dare you. Oh, there you, I came here to listen to a motor podcast. Not a rant against, but Looped wa. Yeah. So that sounds I like that theory again. I like it and it fits very well. And it could have changed a lot. And who knows if it's true, but it's a good one. Yeah. There was a second possible victim, but a being a prostitute again.


Prostitute. Yeah. Some woman who sold her body for sex, she was forced to. Right. Stated that another prostitute called Bella who worked in the hag on the Hagley Road disappeared about three years previously. So You know there's that could have been the same woman too. True. I like that one. So yeah, if you guys wanna, there's, you can actually, there's actually a good photo of the skull if you go online. Oh, it's called the, so This is the Who Put Bella in the Witch Elm or the Hagley was mystery. You can see some cool photos from back then. Okay, now we're back. 2024. Okay. So update wise, it's been 81 years since she was found in 1943.


No major updates. There was a facial reconstruction of Bella's physical features based on photographs of her skull done by British anthropologist Caroline Wickson. but it didn't lead to any new insights. And the location of Bella's body is now unknown. So a DNA test is not gonna happen. I have a book recommendation based on this story, actually. Oh, really? Yes. It's a World War II murder mystery that also like jumps into the front, jumps to the back. It's all over the place. It's so good. So if you're interested in this story, I highly recommend the book, the Lake House by Kate Morton. Hmm. It's all British and shit. World War I, the Blitz in London.


Like, like just really juicy and good. I'm literally gonna take this recommendation and read this book. This is the book I wanted you to read, because I wanna know if you can figure out what the surprise, twist mystery is. Oh, okay. I'll do it. Okay. Kate, what's the author's last name? Her name's Morton. Kate Morton. She's like an incredible writer. It's so British. Great. It's like the thing of like, something crazy happens in the past and there's a big secret and the person in the future right now is trying to find out the secret before the matriarch dies. Or because they found a book or a photo that like leads them back to their You know lineage. And so they go back to the old like castle farmhouse and find the answer. Like it's just that kind of thing. Yes. And like memories start to resurface in a way that they fucking don't You know.


Yes. It's, it's good. Okay, great. Nice. I might read a book this year. You know all those people that are like, I read 85 books this year. Well I, to be fair, I listened to this. It's just a different thing. Counts. Counts. Okay. So let's get into your story about Wow a madman. I mean Richard Chase, AKA, the Vampire of Sacramento. I've known about this one for a while and I've been trying to jam this one in. Like when George said, which, what do you wanna do? And I was like weird murder. It's like the first thing I thought of for this. But once I started really reading details, I remembered, oh, that's right.


About 10 years ago I watched a documentary about this and boned myself out so hard that I just kind of put it out of my mind and never thought of it again. Oh God. I'm already having nightmares from the Facebook group. So This is gonna be fun. Right? And And I am sure most of the people on our Facebook group know this guy too, because he's, he's ki he's not a top tenor don, don't think, but he's up there. It's Richard Chase, the Vampire of Sacramento. And I. Know that once again, I'm talking about Sacramento. No, there's so many murders that happen in the, in northern California. Yeah. There really are. There's a lot of country. There's a lot of space. Wild space. Well it, it's, it's almost like hillbilly ish in some areas. Shockingly, I hear what you're saying about my upbringing, but fine.


I don't care. I don. No, I just mean that like, there's farmland. Yes. There's a lot of space for people to really do what they feel at night making meth, which just making meth. Tons of drugs. Yeah. There was a lot of acid up there. I mean really. I mean. Like, that's where the, I'm also listening to right now. Have you ever heard that? You must remember this podcast? Yes. I'm listening to the Manson murders one. 'cause so many people, there's, there's a woman on the our Facebook page who mentioned it and was like, is anybody else listening to this? I'm going crazy. Yeah. And people's all talked about it, but I had already heard, I think Patton was talking about it on Twitter. Yeah, because Michelle McNamara talked about it on, no, maybe she didn't. But she talked about a, a murder in like Laurel Canyon might have been related to Manson murders and maybe she mentioned it.


I'm not really sure. Oh, okay. It's a great podcast. And it's like, talk about like a fucking high end. Yeah. Music cues, all that shit's. So it's like our podcast. It's just like this one brilliantly written, concise, effective and like they don't, they take it seriously. They take it. They don't make fun of murder. We're not making fun. I know we're not. Okay. I'm not. I can't wait. Your notes. Look, I'm not, because I almost barfed in my car. I was sitting, I got here a little early outside Georgia's apartment and there's never parking on her street. So I was like, basically give them my address. Abl bring your knives over too. So I was like a block and a half away. I'm sorry. Sitting in my car in the dark. It's okay. Next time pick me up and I'll walk with you.


Oh, okay. I never thought about that. Yeah, but you were like, once I got up here, you're like in your slippers. Yeah, but I can put shoes on so fast. Try me. Okay, good. I'm glad we worked this out on the air. I'll, because I'm gonna, next time I'll, I don't want you. I, but normally I never have that feeling. I've lived in a major city by myself for fucking 25 years and tonight in writing about this, this serial killer in the dark in my car with my iPhone light on sitting there. And then a guy walked right by my car and he was talking either on the, I'm sure he was on the phone. Mm. It scared me so bad that I was like, oh, this, I gotta get outta this car. And, I, get it. Walk up the street. You might have just had a fucking intuition about him.


Let's say you did, let's say you're super intuitive and you're like, and he's a murderer. Oh, I'm definitely intuitive. I think we all, we all know that you And I are very intuitive. I think I just found the Zodiac killer. And he takes the bus near your And. I. Just hear Karen on the street yelling there. He's, so, the Vampire of Sacramento is a man named Richard Chase. And he did all of his killings in one month, but his whole life led up to that month. Mm. He was, he had a terrible abusive mother by the age of 10. He had the McDonald triad, which is, as we all know, arson, bedwetting and cruelty to animals.


That's called what? The McDonald Triad. I didn't know that. And that's a theory now people, I yeah, there's, there's no each of those. But when they are combined, a lot of people look at that and some people say that is a direct link to serial killers. But actually that's been disproven. What It is a direct link to oftentimes, or more often I should say, is abuse, brutal, abusive parents. And that's what Richard Chase had. What do they, what did tell bedwetting a bedwetting, arson and cruelty to animals. Fuck man. So it's like, if you have a proclivity to this, usually it's the bedwetting is the first. Yeah. If, if you're being abused, that's uncontrollable because it's uncontrollable.


And then the rage is arson and cruelty to animals. So it builds if it, if it doesn't stop or if You know the kid has, oh, that hurts me in my heart. I know it's terrible. So he, this, I was telling, I was eating lunch with April Richardson, our friend, and telling her about this and she basically goes, oh, this guy had no choice. This guy was gonna be a serial killer no matter what. 'cause this, all of these things in his early life do add up to it. And when he was in high school, he had girlfriends and stuff, but nothing ever lasted. 'cause he couldn't maintain an erection. Ah. Because it turns out he was only sexually aroused by the killing of animals or the stabbing of people.


How did, okay, so the killing of animal erection probably started first. Obviously he accidentally got an erection one time while he was killing a mouse. You know, it's the thing with like a, like a foot fetish where it's like your foot, your genitals get rubbed by a foot. It's by a beautiful woman, like You know whatever. And then you associate bone with Yeah. It gets imprinted on your brain or whatever. Right. But some, I think they say with stuff like this, This is like crossed wires. This is bad. This is bad wiring. I'm already seeing someone writing you, you associate bone with like You know the po The people on the Facebook have been writing this. These beautiful quotes, like the Hilarious quotes you say Oh yeah. On the calligraphy in like, like with a beach photo in the background, he associates boners with feet, with feet.


It happens all the time. Yeah. Okay. So, so of course then he is gets in, it's the seventies when he's a teenager and, and older. So he's super into acid and then he starts and they, so they're never really sure if it's drug induced psychosis or if it's paranoid schizophrenia later on they're like, he definitely a paranoid schizophrenia. But if you do enough LSD Right, you can actually induce trigger. Yeah. Your, if you were gonna have schizophrenia at 50 50 and you do a bunch of drugs, it's gonna happen more likely. Right. I don't know about that. Maybe somebody on Facebook again.


What if we just keep doing that? So maybe someone else can be a part of this research. But they were talking about drug-induced psychosis is, is basically a parallel thing. And it would happen the same time because people who are starting to experience paranoid schizophrenia would try to self-medicate. Oh, sure. If they weren't on medicine, then they would drink, they would get high on pot and they would, they would do acid. And this was the seventies where like nobody thought it was that bad. Yeah. It wasn't that big of a deal. Yeah. So, so to kind of quickly synopsize, he ba he basically, he started going to the doctor all the time and telling the doctor that somebody stole his pulmonary artery because his heart was stopping.


Oh no. Yeah. And that also his cranial bones were moving around and coming outta the back of his head and he end ended up shaving his head because he was so positive that this was happening. What a terrifying thing to be sure of. Yes. And if you are having that organically in your brain, but then you're doing acid. Oh dude, I mean horrible. Not like Karen And I have ever done acid multiple times. But no, not in the least it does that I just stared at my friend's hand until it was my hand. 'cause it's fucking fast. It's the most fascinating thing you've ever seen in your life. Yeah, it's crazy. But that I, I did it one time. And I was like, I'm never doing that again. No, it's you. You should, it's just chemicals Don't do that. It's, don't do it. It's not good.


And anyway, he also was sure that his blood was turning to powder. Oh. So he had a lot of medical issues that he was going to bringing to the doctors. A lot of the time, the doctors pretty sure that he was, because that's actually the age in men, like late teens is when the signs of schizophrenia start showing. So he was kind of going through that. He was started accusing his mom of poisoning him. And so his father got him an apartment and moved him out of the house. Wow. Basically said, we, you can't be here anymore. Go be alone. Yeah. Do do whatever you wanna do. Yeah, exactly. So even so, he was alone and it turned out he gave himself blood poisoning because, and This is where things are gonna become a serious bummer.


So let's do it. He was injecting himself with rabbit blood. He was injecting rabbit blood into his own veins. This was, he was, these were ways he thought he was going to pulp his powdery blood or his, his skull bones moving around or whatever the fuck thing he thought was wrong with him. So he was, they don't know how, if he was buying rabbits or catching them or whatever, but he was drinking rabbit blood, mutilating, rabbits. And then he started injecting the blood into aing. Oh my Lord. So he involuntarily was committed to psychiatric high hospital. And. I wanna go to psychiatric high school.


Everyone just keeps asking you how you are all the time. So now. But here's the weird thing though. Not that there are very many psychiatric hospitals around anymore, but the, at this place, the staff was scared of him. That's how fucking Oh fuck. Freaky this guy was. And at one point they told a story of the nurse going into his room and there was blood over his face and she was like, what's going on? And he said, oh no, no. I Just cut myself. but it turned out they found some dead birds on the outside his window. He had been catching birds and drinking their blood. What the scary fuck. Yeah. So they started calling him Dracula and they were all freaked out. Well the doctors, what if he legit had like power?


No, don don't believe in that. Thanks. You know He was lestat mine melt. He was lestat. I feel like you'd hold out for human blood, wouldn't you? Bird blood. No. You get whatever you can get bird blood though. I mean it's pure man. They're so dirty. So they get him on, they start to, they balance him out on psychotropic drugs. Right. And they finally, after a year are like, you're free. You're not going to be a danger to yourself or others. See you later. Yeah. And they release him from the hospital. His mother, they upon his parents, I think the word they used in the article was recognizance. I don't think that's the correct word. Right. but it is basically under their supervision. His mother immediately weans him off the medicine.


'cause she's a smart lady. So she gets him off the medicine, gets him his own apartment again. Now this time he has And she's the woman, she's the person who abused him Yes. To begin with. Yeah. She's not smart. She's probably a bit craz herself. She cares a little about his wellbeing. Yeah. Clearly she's pro, probably just wants him to get away from her. And this was also the person that was like Accu, did I say that part already? Where he was accusing her of poisoning him. Right. Right. So he he's just like, she knows she's in danger. Yeah. The idea of her weaning him off the medicine though, God knows what that was about. But I can, I, I can kind of imagine. And it's idiotic, it's frightening. So he is out on his own again. So he ends up sharing an apartment with three roommates. And he is so fucking weird that they demand, he moves out.


Apparently he was drunk high and on acid all the time. He would do stuff like nail himself into his own room and accuse them of like trying to get into his room and invade him and all this stuff. So finally there and he also was always naked or just walk through the room naked. What's wrong with that? So no, no one can have anybody over. Yeah. So finally they're like, you have to move out. And he refused. So everybody else moved out. Fuck. That's how creepy he was. Okay. So he's in this house by himself and that's when he went into full vampire mode. So he started, they don't know buying, catching, whatever, but he was constantly getting animals, mutilating them, drinking their blood.


He had a thing he would do where he'd put the animal blood in a blender with some coke and blended up and drank it. And that soda, like coke soda. Yes. Coca-Cola. Yeah. Like a little smoothie. Pre Jamba juice. This is late seventies. So otherwise he would've been, he would've been a millionaire. Yeah. And so these were all the ways he, he thought it was gonna keep his heart from shrinking, which was his main fear at this point. I mean, to be honest, blood is good for you. Like eating blood is, you get a lot of iron. Iron, yeah. If you have iron, poor blood. but it's not gonna help your cranial bones. No. From moving out of the back of of your head. You're a pregnant woman. Fine. Yeah. If you're psychopathic fucking and, and if you are a pregnant woman, you feel like you might have iron poor blood instead of mutilating your rabbit.


You can just have a A Guinness drink. One Guinness and you're done. Or have an iron chew an iron tablet. Yeah. You could do that too. Don't drink blood. Don't iron. A bunch of shirts go on. I've never heard of this once, so I'm fascinated. Go on. Oh, okay. So da. So the killings begin on December 29th, 1977. And right the month before the killings start is found, there's a place called Pyramid Lake that's kind of by Lake Tahoe. And it's this weird kind of salty lake. And it has these weird rock formations that are pyramid shaped. And apparently this guy drives out there and there's just Richard Chase standing out there naked covered in blood.


And they're like, what the fuck? So they call the sheriff or whoever and they find Richard's truck has a bucket of blood in it and the whole inside is covered in blood. Ew. So they arrest him, but then they test the blood and they find out it's just cow's blood. So they let him go, oh goodbye. No charges or no charges. 'cause apparently that's, you're allowed to just cover yourself in cow blood if you so choose. Oh, that's fine. Yeah. And just be standing. Imagine if you were like, let's go out to Pyramid Lake and take some pictures. What a gorgeous day. And you get out there and that fucking, apparently he was like five 11 and wait 145 pounds. Oh. So he's like emaciated and creepy.


He's a gul. He looks like a ghoul. Oh. Or what if I was like, Karen, do you wanna go out to the pyramid link and put Art cow blood all over ourselves? And I'd be like, yeah. And then be like, oh my God, Richard Whatcha doing here? I knew it was meant to be. So, so a month later he was basically walking around and driving around his neighborhood and he just starts shooting people. So he does a drive by and he ends up killing 51-year-old Ambrose Griffin who was out in his driveway. He was helping his wife bring groceries into the house. No, she thought he, he dropped and she thought he had a har massive heart attack. Yeah, yeah. Because it was such a strange thing.


Yeah. And then she only found out when he got to the hospital and was pronounced dead that he had actually been shot twice. Oh no. Later that and gross. I know. And he You know later that, and he was a father of two. It's very sad. Later that day, a 12-year-old boy riding his bike reports to the police that a guy drove by in a brown trans Am and shot at him and missed Jesus. So he's wilding, he's Richard is doing some crazy shit. He's wilding. Okay. So again, you won't get professionalism like this in any other podcast. That's right. Where we're just like, whoa. Oh my God, Deb. Okay. So then January 23rd, about a month later, and this one's rough.


It's a bummer. Oh, so This is where it turned for me. Where I was like, look how weird this guy is with eating rabbits and drinking their blood. Right. But that of course just was the beginning for him to go on and do that to people. So if he didn't like the rabbit part, you're really not gonna like this part. Everyone liked the rabbit part. Everyone who doesn't love a good rabbit killing. So This is the part that's a super bummer. What he would do is just walk around a neighborhood and try doors. So fuck Yeah. And he told the the FBI agent who interviewed him after he was arrested from jail, that he would walk around and then if a door was locked, he interpreted that as that he was not welcome.


And he would move along. But then if he would get to a door that was open, he would go into the house and just see what would happen. So there's a story of him as he on this same day was trying doors and he walked up. A woman tells a story of seeing this young man who looked super crazy and creepy, walk up and try her back patio door and it's locked. And she's watching him do it. He walks over to the window and tries it. It's locked. And then he walks to her front door and she walks up to the front door like, what the fuck are you doing? He just stares at her and then walks away. That is the, if I saw someone trying my back door and my window shit a brick, I would scream.


Yeah, that's terrifying. It's horrifying. So then he went on his way. I'm, I'm pretty sure she called the cops. 'cause obviously she told that story. Yeah. But he went on and the next house he found the front door was open. Oh no. Lock your doors guys. Yeah. Always. So he goes in and a pregnant 22-year-old woman named Theresa Walland, Theresa run, her body was found disemboweled drained of blood and there was a yogurt cup sitting next to it that had been filled as if he was drinking out of it. And she was raped and mutilated and her organs had been taken out of her body.


What a sick fuck. Yeah. It was super crazy. Like Jack the ripper style insanity. Wow. And the worst part is that her husband came home from work. No. And their dog was on the front porch and the lights were out, but the stereo was on. So he goes in like, what the hell is going on? And what's the plane? He think, oh, it didn't say. Oh, probably the doors. That's what I'm picturing. Probably something hideous. He thinks there's oil in the front room. Oh. Like he doesn't understand what's happening. And then he finds his wife's body horrifying. How the fuck is he for the rest of his fucking life? It's over. It's over. It remind, it makes me think of like the end of the zodiac. Yeah.


Remember the movie and the Zodiac when they interview the guy in the airport? Yes. Who had been in the car with the girl who got shot. Yeah. That actor is a great actress. Who is that? His name's Jimmy. I can't remember his last name, but he You know the girl from Beau Heavenly Creatures who was, it was Kate Winslet. And then the girl with the brown hair. I'd heard that he was someone before. So that makes, that reminds me. I can't remember. Yes, he's a great actor. Okay. And he was on all of this. Whatever is meaningless, I can't, I can't say the right names. And before the cops later found that he had put a bullet in her mailbox as he was walking up to that door, that that was significant to him. Yeah. Somehow in his crazy fucking I mean the idea of seeing that gore and guts and blood and not being, and being effect being not affected enough to stick around and keep doing it.


Yeah. There's gonna be some crazy like dissociative shit going on. Yeah. He's out. He's gone, gone, gone. Like most people see someone get cut and see blood and are like, I can't deal with this. Or like a broken bone. They're like, I can't deal with most of us. Yes. Can't handle it. But he's not even, it's like that thing of like You know sociopaths don't have like conscience empathy, but he's psychotic. Yeah. Like This is, he's not there. Yeah. So he leaves that house and apparently he had gone into another house. The cops find out later he'd gone into another house and had gone in 'cause the door was open and had ransacked it and peed into a drawer of freshly laundered baby clothes.


And then defecated on the little boy's bed on their child's bed. They walk in, he runs out the back door, the husband chases him and he, he can't catch up to them. Hmm. So that was just like a fucking near miss that they weren't in the house. That husband is a hero. They were just coming home. Yeah. Thank God no one was there. Yeah. And same day as he did that murder, Jesus. So he was just, he was just walking around doing, doing what he wanted and doing bad things. Like he wasn't even aware of it that he needed to go hide. Right. That's You know what I mean. Right. Exactly. No, no, no. Not at all. Like he knew once the guy was chasing him, but no he didn't. He was walking around with like bloody clothes. Yeah. And didn't try to hide it. That's, that's not mentally competent to stand trial if I've ever heard it.


Yeah. No, he is. He's out of his mind. Yeah. He was totally fried. So once this murder and this horrible scene is found, they call the FBI in and the FBI makes a profile and it's like young, unemployed, mentally ill. And it's like they undernourished like they had him Right. Has been, has been in lockup before. Like they know specific shit. Yes. The way that, the way the FBI does. So then the next murder is 36-year-old. And this one's rough. Evelyn Murro. Ugh. And her 6-year-old son and his friend Daniel. No. And now the good news is that in my mind they were all shot.


Okay. So he he didn't torture them or make them suffer. Yeah. But I'm You know, but they suffer. I see what you're saying. I totally see what you're saying. I mean as compared to some hideous ones that we talk about. Oye. I know. How many times have I said Ove and Jesus, this whole like, I can't stop saying that because This is hideous. But it's basically, she was upstairs taking a bath while her friend Daniel, who was 51, was in the house like watching the kids while she was up there. He shoots that guy. He goes upstairs and shoots her in the bathtub. Mutilates her rapes her body, eviscerates her, does weird shit with her and trails, all that creepy stuff. Then the little kids eats just got shot in the head.


And then there was a baby that when the cops got there, it, they found a pillow with a bullet hole through it. The, the playpen had blood in it and the baby was missing. So yeah, So now the po the cops and if FBI and everybody are like there, This is, we've got like a serious serial kill. I mean obviously they already knew that. But this one was, it was in I mean the, you can go online and read the details, but the details are just a bummer. And it's just more of what I'm saying. It is awful. Don't do, it's really awful. Yeah. But here's what I kind of find fascinating and This is one, I think This is a part I freaked myself out on is, so they get a call, the cops get a call from a girl.


Lemme find her name here. It's, her name is Nancy Holden. And Nancy Holden tells the cops on the same day as all this other shit happened. She was in the town and country shopping center, which I know where It is. Shut up in Sacramento. That's so exciting. This off Watt Avenue. It's this area and it's like Sacramento's just this big, I've said it before, but it's just like this big wide spread out. It's like all these suburbs smashed together and shopping centers and stuff. Shopping centers and shell stations and Taco bells. That's, that's all I remember. So culture everywhere. Just it just culture. As far as I can see, it's like New York but flat. So they're in the town and country shopping center, which is one of those full on seventies, like a shopping center that looks kind of Adobe ish.


And there's a lot of like light wood. Yes. Light wood. There's a lot of ivy. Dude, I'm from Irvine, like in Orange County. That's You know it all. It was lot arch archway walkway. Yeah. Type of thing. Yeah. All the signs for the stores have the same Right. It's like wood cut signs. Yes. With like they were like dark wood and white paint. Yes. Oh my Irvine. Yes. That's, that's town and country shopping center. She is. So this girl, Nancy Holden is in a store and this freaky guy walks up to her and says, were you on the motorcycle when Kurt was killed and 10 years before her boyfriend, Kurt was killed in a motorcycle accident in high school. Holy shit. And so she's looking at this person and she goes, who are you?


And he is like, it's me, Rick Chase. And then she's like, she remembers Richard Chase from high school as being this like studious, cute guy. And now she's looking at this fucking again ghoul. And he has, he's wearing a sweatshirt with blood on the front of it. What? And I think, I think Barefoot is what she said. But apparently he's trying to talk to her and she's just standing there like getting the worst vibes from this guy. Yeah. So at one point he turns around and buys something and she just gets the fuck outta the store. Good for her. He follows her out 'cause he wants to get a ride from her. And he's trying, still trying to talk to her. She gets in her car, locks the door and drives away like peels out. This girl's smart. She's super fucking smart. And then she calls the cops and says, here's the experience I just had.


The guy's name's Richard Chase. And that's what leads the cops Wow. To his apartment. When the cops get to his apartment, they stake it out for a little while. They go up and knock. They know they can tell he is in there. He won't come out. So they just go back and sit in their car and watch. Finally after hours he comes out holding a box. He's got that same bloody sweatshirt on. He's got no shoes on. Bloody feet. The baby's in the box. They arrest him. No, there's weird random shit. Okay. And I. Think the gun was in the box. Okay. But they go into this apartment and It is covered in blood, the walls, the ceiling, it's putrid. Like the smell was apparently horrible.


He's got three blenders going like not going but three blenders with all of his crazy shit on, on the counter. And they said it was just, it was a horror show. Inside, inside the refrigerator there's body parts. It's like Dahmer style. Pre dahmer Dahmer. What a sick fuck crazed. And it was basically this person who's in full psychosis left alone to just go, just go as crazy as he needs to go. I mean schizophrenia doesn't necessarily mean you're gonna go fucking murder. No, it doesn't even, I don't even mean necessarily. It doesn't mean that's gonna happen that this person that was his predilection is to fucking go after it. This is like the You know the perfect storm of an abusive childhood paranoid schizophrenia, untreated drug use.


Absolute man Worse. It's he, he went down the worst possible road and then drove himself 20 times further down that road. Did they, did they find that he had killed anyone before this murder spree? Or was this it? No, but there were stories of him like walking through people's backyards. Okay. There were lots of the creepy story of I saw that guy. Yeah. He tried my door. Oh shit. Or just somebody like, there was one of just him standing in someone's backyard lighting a cigarette. Oof. The creepy, creepy factor. Wow. Is all in there. So of course he goes to trial and ultimately he get I I don. I didn't really write down the details 'cause I just started getting so bummed out about this whole thing. It doesn't matter that you're talking about the murders, it's, yeah.


Right. And, but here's what I like that FBI, the FBI agent that created the, the profile of him went afterwards and interviewed him at San Quentin. Love this. And he explained that it wasn't his fault because Nazis and UFOs were trying to kill him. And he needed to kill and he needed to drink the blood and he needed to eat the organs and do all this stuff to, to stay alive himself. He's so mentally ill. And then in one of the articles I read, there was two different kind of versions of the story, but I love this version. Then after explaining all of this, which is just batshit psycho bullshit, he reaches into his pockets and pulls out a whole bunch of macaroni and cheese and gives it to the FBI agent and goes, they're trying to poison me.


I need you to go test this. Oh my God. And so apparently the story at jail was that the guards and everybody said that all the other inmates were so freaked out by him that they were constantly telling him to kill himself. And so in 1980, he had stockpiled all the antidepressants he was supposed to be taking. Right. And he just took 'em all one night and killed himself. Fair enough, man. Yeah. I appreciate that he did that. But most important question was the macaroni and cheese spiked. It was totally poisoned by alien Nazi blood and a little rabbit. I hate macaroni. There's cheese today. Do you think that it was Shit? Be careful. How do you feel?


Crazy. No. Like I love macaroni and cheese. I love Nancy Holden. She is the key element in the town and country shopping center. She's the one. Yeah. No, we had the Woodbridge Woodbridge Village Shopping Center. It's a bad one. Karen, how are we gonna, how are we gonna rid you of this? I feel like you need a like a, like a pallet cleanser. I feel like I should start drinking again tonight after 25 years. I don't You think that's the key? Yeah, but not on my watch, man. Yeah. Just watch me drink four beers. No, it's literally on my watch because I'm watching. I demand that you watch me drink 29 beers because I can do it. I just wanna prove to you I can do it. And then you turn into him and that's the night also.


And I'm sure everybody's seen it, but the pictures of him, there's part of me and This is the sick part of me where you look at pictures of him and go, he could have been so cute. It's kinda hot. It's kind of like Nancy Holden being like this guy. He was cute in high school. Well he has a kitty and now he is super scary. Yeah. But it's kind of sexy. I mean blood on the ceiling. Blood on the walls, blood on the ceiling. Blood on the walls. There's a song here. Oh, hey. Oh. So okay, I thought of something we're gonna do. We're gonna start doing live shows. Yes. Every month. Can you do the theme song live? Every time we do a live show, You know what's funny. I think I can. But I made that up just in the excitement of you and me recording that first podcast.


I love it. I went home and just like started playing that here. It's, I would have to really take some time to figure out what I was playing. How about it can be different. You can just fucking free freelance and do whatever the fuck you want every time. Okay. Okay. Wow. That was so chilling and creepy. And lock your door, please. I mean, that's the thing about Sacramento. It just really, it has this tendency to draw or pull out of people. Mm. The grossest, weirdest, most fucked up things. It's, it's You know. It's horrifying. It's so funny. I think you think of Sacramento the way I think of Orange County. Yeah. You know. I think so.


I did. I suffered there a lot. Okay. Did a lot of suffering. There you go. But then I also had some nice beers and some of my oldest friends are the people I met in Sacramento. There you go. So there's no major updates on the Richard Chase case. Yeah. The Richard Chase case is a story of a person with unmedicated unintended to mental illness to a degree that just goes outta bounds. Yeah. And is a true argument for reinstating government, mental health, facilities, services, all those things. People need it. This is just like a horror movie of what can go wrong if they don't have it.


Right. But in the story I told, I was a little bit vague on who was killed on January 27th, 1978 in Evelyn Murrow's home. So I'll be very clear, the victims that Richard Chase murdered that day were Evelyn Maroth herself, who was 38 years old. Her son Jason, who was six years old, her nephew, David Ferrera, who was a baby. Jesus. And Daniel Meredith, who is 51. He was a family friend. So just for the clarity of the people who were lost that day in something that was like insanely tragic and just worst case scenario. Yeah. Of any of these kinds of stories that we talk about.


Like an absolute horror story slash like outlier that you just can't help but live your life differently because you've heard it. Yeah. Even though it's just such a random act and rare and You know, locking your door isn't gonna do anything to ensure your safety, but Right. Man. Well, I mean, I think our specialty is oversimplifying things and then yelling them at people because we have anxiety. Yes. That's You just fucking summed it up so hard there. It is, it only took us this long to figure it out, but it's like, it makes me feel better if I just yell at you and say, get in the car immediately. Lock the doors. Totally. Why? Why wouldn't you don't.


Yeah. Totally. Totally. Literally just start doing it again. A beautiful thing about this podcast too. And, we talk about walking to my apartment in Hollywood down the street at night. A beautiful thing is, I have a parking space now. Oh, congratulations. Thank Due to this podcast Thank you. Yes. It really means a lot to me. So what's fun is that you thought of doing the mini sos, didn't you? Yeah. Separately. I think. I was like, let's do a whole episode about Mini sos. You're like, because there were so many, 'cause the Gmail box was so fucking full of incredible stories. It was like there's no way to just do the episode and this. Right. And so then that we got to do a second episode, which it's like that kind of audience participation helped us become Yeah.


What we became, because that's how numbers go up and that kind of interaction. It enabled Georgia to have that idea. And then we're like, yeah, second episode. And then I mean that is it. Like you guys built this with us. Yeah, totally. I do think it's funny too that like the word hometown back then was like, what's your home like? It really was What's your hometown true crime story or whatever It is that got you into it. But now it's just like a word that's thrown about about your horror stories. Yeah. Or your incredible story. It's just hometown. Yeah. I love that hometowns. Yeah, that's right. That's another way of saying your grandma story. Yeah. Just kind of like the hometown inside of you. Aw. So what would this episode be called if it wasn't upon Murderous?


TENdencies based on stuff we said in the episode. Look, And listen was because I said that after suggesting that people floss and wear sunscreen. I think we decided that whenever we say something motherly or like tell you what to do, it's a very like, look. Look. Listen. So look, And listen has to be That's right up there. And then I say listen to your mothers. Right. Which I kind of love. I talk about people getting PhDs in podcasting, which probably is a thing now. I mean there's definitely, well, Kate Winkler. Dawson teaches podcasting. My God. I mean in college. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then millions of dollars of carbs.


I've eaten millions of dollars of carbs. When did I say that? That's funny. There is a fun part of this there. It is where we go, look, we had some fun ideas. I like this. Yeah, I like this. I like you guys. It's fun to have a career where we get to do the thing we're interested in the most. Laugh this much. Yeah. And then work with people that we adore. Yeah, totally. Alejandra our producer. That's right. Liana our engineer, who's also a college professor. Do you teach podcasting? Liana? Not anymore. I teach like used to teach audio production, but I did take a podcasting class in my master's degree.


Wow. Wow. What grade? Did. you get an a Karen. Yeah, you did. We don't hire, we look at your GPA when we hire you here. Yeah, exactly right. That's right. We're like, sorry, if you got below a B, we can't. But you And. I are college drive. We wouldn't be allowed in our fucking own company. My only grade was below C, C or below at all times. Yeah. But yeah, we have to really hold a standard. It's important. All right. Well thanks for being here with us on yet another episode of Rewind. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.