
This is exactly right.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today. Visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is supported by Talkspace. When my husband came home from his military deployment, readjusting was hard for all of us. Thankfully, I found Talkspace. Talkspace provides professional support from licensed therapists and psychiatric providers, online military members, veterans and their dependents. Ages 13 and older can get fast access to providers all from the privacy of their computers or smartphones. I just answered a few questions online and Talkspace matched me with a therapist we meet when it's convenient for me and I can message her anytime. It was so easy to set up and they accept Tricare therapy was going so well. My husband and I started seeing a couple's therapist through Talkspace too. Talkspace works with most major insurers including Tricare match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com slash military. Go to Talkspace dot com slash military to get started today. That's Talkspace dot com slash military.


Check engine light on. Take the guesswork out of your check engine light with O'Reilly Vera scan. It's free, and provides a report with solutions based on over 650 million vehicle scans verified by a SE certified Master Technicians. And if you need help, we can recommend a shop for you. Ask for O'Reilly Vera scan today. Oh, auto parts.


Hello, Hello. And Welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. That's right, it is Wednesday. So we're looking Back on old shows with all new commentary from us right now. Updates, insights, whatever you might be looking for. And today we're recapping episode number 34, which we named 30. Let the bo No we didn't. Yeah, we did. Did we? Yeah, we did. Oh Yeah, we did. Look, it's right there on paper. I Thirty Let The Bodies Hit The Four. That is illegal. That is, we're going way out of our way. Way. Yeah. We gotta stop. We are. We should have been stopped. We should have been stopped. They tried. So join us as we take you back to a day from history where not one fun or funny thing happened September 14th, 2016.


Except for this podcast recording. That's right. Because now we can all be day one listeners. So let's listen to the intro of episode 34. Let the bodies hit the 34 and let the 30. Let the That is no the worst. Thirty. Let The Bodies Hit The Four. So stupid. That's so, so stupid. Wow. How do we start? Let's focus on a pain-free hour. Okay. I would love that. Just A release. Let's, all right. Let's imagine our lower backs, the muscles and our lower backs. Red. Slowly turning to blue. Thank you.


Slowly fading to blue. Feeling it release. Release your sciatic nerve pain. Hi, this is Georgia. My butt is broken and Karen is trying to fix me. Hi, I'm Karen. I'm not a trained doctor or professional. Anyway. I thought maybe if I talked in a certain weird tone of voice. Georgia's butt muscle would unc unclench It Worked. Are you okay? I feel great. This whiskey might be helping too, but This episode might be a little, what we call my family hinky. Because Georgia has devastating back pain and has been suffering from it for two days. This is real. This part, this Is totally, I've been suffering the back pain forever.


And then my sciatic, listen, it's real interesting. If anyone has cures, please Tweet. Just explain it. Tweet at us to em so that when you cry out and then we have to hit pause, they know what's happening. I think I have a, I have a slipped disc in my back for the past couple months and it has eventually caused my sciatic nerve to be pinched. And I am in so much fucking pain In the At this moment, Right? At this moment. No, but it keeps like clenching and then like, I fucking can't. And I got an MRI today and I like, that's, that's how I let everyone know that I, it's serious, is that I got an MRI today. Like that's, you don't, you're not just saying I'm sick. You know, like Right. You Oh, heating put a heating pad on it. Yeah. It's like, no, I was in a goddamn machine also. I'm sitting on a heating pad.


That's Right. Just like one of your cats. It's my cat's heating pad. It's very Cute. Thank you. Make sure you don't get pen worms. What's that? You know, still like when you're hanging out and share all your stuff with your pets, you start getting, you get worms Like how my cat is sitting on that mechanical pencil with his asshole right Now. I put a pencil down. Oh Yeah. And Elvis came over and, and sat on it. Asshole. First. He didn't even sit. He placed his asshole on it. Delicately. Yeah. And like a yoga instructor. Purposefully. Yeah. Asshole down. And then the butt cheeks. Okay. Am is my immune system better or worse for living with cats who put their assholes on everything I say better.


Right. Because you're able to withstand now that your body is filled with bugs, you're able to withstand more in the outside. Now that every inch of my body has basically been asshole. Listen, I have two Yeah. Shitty Dogs. Yeah. That I never clean and I sleep with them every night. Oh Yeah. And every once in a while I remember to change that pillowcase. And when I do, I go, what do I have? I'm sure I have fleas in my ears. Yeah. Have they crawled into my brain? I feel like All these things passed away. Like our skin would be a lot worse if we were really sick. Also. I've heard that. You know what I mean? Pretty great Skin Says the girl who has acne. I also heard that children who grow up around pets are, have much better immune systems.


So I'm basically just a big child. Yes. Yeah. I mean, we're just trying to get back some of that youth that we enjoyed so much surrounded by Ann Amelia, You, when you, your, your back gets fucked up when you're older. What? I know you're not that old. I thought it was gonna be young forever. I think it's, you just have some emotional releases. I think if you took a sledgehammer to an old car or screamed in certain people's faces, you're Welcome To scream at me at any time. I'd love to. I have said I wanna open that business where it's just like you go in a like white painted room and there's just like dishes and a sledgehammer and like electronic equipment and you just have five minutes to break shit.


I think they do that in Japan, don't they? Oh, I'm sure they do. I feel Like that's something I've seen on the nightly news. Let's Start This. Okay. Hi everybody. Hey. Oh, I meant the business. I don't, not the podcast. Hey. But hey, we might as well do both. Is it housekeeping time? Oh Yeah. Hey, this is My favorite murder with Karen in Georgia. Oh, Yes. Yes. Did you know that? I hope you knew That You clicked on it. Motherfucker. Or maybe your cat's asshole sat on your phone. I guess the first moment of Corrections Corner. 'cause that's why I might as well just always only talk about Corrections Corner. Yeah. Listen, it turns out Seventh Day Adventists do give gifts.


And I don't even remember talking about this. I think It's Jehovah's Witnesses that don't. Let's Go. Let's, let's start Next week's Correction corner. What if this is a double correction corner? No, it was, let me find her because I just faved it. 'cause she was laughing and saying, I am a Seventh Day Adventist Adventist. We do give gifts. I do know that I, long ago when I worked at the Gap, I worked with a guy who was a Seventh Day Adventist and claimed because of that he didn't have to work Saturdays. So maybe I do have some, some bitterness deep down. Good for him. That's what I, yeah. 'cause I was always standing there on Saturday, like, where the fuck is Ramon? Or whatever his name was.


Yeah. But she really enjoyed that. She wasn't mad or anything or offended, but I, I guess maybe it's what, isn't there one of those religions that just doesn't Jehovah's Witness deserve any of the holidays that like, they're just like, we don't do your holidays. Jehovah's Witness. Okay. Do you Want me to say it one more time? I want I I need to believe it. You just keep on saying it. But it has to be me accepting it. Jehovahs Sweet. Oh, Okay. Jehovah's Witness As, as like two people who were raised pretty lax in religion, right? Oh, no, No. Un Jewish, near Catholic, but not hardcore Core. Oh, we were strict. No, we were strict. Were Catholic. Oh Yeah. My, my, I still remember the day my sister and I told my dad, we didn't feel like going to church.


And it was as if we were like, fuck you, Mr. Like, it was the fight we got into by going, we don't wanna go to church today. Was How old were You? Unbelievable. Like 18. Oh My God. Yo. Yeah. Wow. Serious Catholic, Irish Catholic old school Bullshit. When you go home, do you have to go to church? I, well I do go to church. Like, I don't have to anymore. Yeah. Because I already went through my pseudo goth mod punk phase. Right. Where I never, I wasn't able to commit style wise to any of those things. Sure. But I had the spirit in me. They mesh. They all mesh. Yeah. It's a lot of black tights. Yeah. And bad attitudes. Eyeliner. But, but now it's fun because like my niece, it's always something for my niece or a family party or whatever.


So now I just play along. That's cute. And I, and I also am more spiritual than I was back in those days when I just wanted to kick things with my big black shoes. I'll go to Temple. Yeah. After my bat mitzvah I was like, fuck this. I will never go to Temple again. Right. But now I'm like, okay. It's like not about believing in God, it's about having a, a community and, and history and all this. Yeah. Spiritual Bullshit. I mean, I think it's natural to rebel against the structures Right. Of our youth. Right. It feels good. So this has been Religion Corner with Ding Dong with Religion Corner. Religion Corner. Oh, what was the other housekeeping you ended? Oh, so sorry to the seventh is how that started.


Oh. Also this is episode 34. Or as our listener Daniel at LLFC West suggested we call it. So we will call it Thirty. Let The Bodies Hit The Four, which is just a fucking great. That's funny. Well done you Daniel. That's Funny. Well Done. You. Good job. Also, I have to apologize because I called the band that we were in Entertainment Weekly with, remember we were bragging out last week that we were in our, so we're bragging. Bragging. And this is how I am where I'm like, me, me, me, me, me. And then I'll skim other things. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And speak on it as if I know what I'm talking about. Well, so I called the band that we were in Entertainment Weekly with, I called them Sunlit Youth.


Right. The name of the band is Local Natives. And that's their album is Sunlit Youth. The album is called Sunlit Youth. They're local natives. They're an LA native band. They're Also huge. They're huge. We had lots of people telling us the mistake, the mistake I made. And I Didn't know. It's super embarrassing. 'cause it just makes me feel like someone's weird aunt that's trying to hang out at like a teenage party where It's, well, that's us. That's a description of us. Fuck. Or someone's weird aunt who's trying to hang out at a party. God damnit. It's, you're Exactly, there's a lot we have to face during this episode. And thanks a lot. Local natives are really making me get in the face of my own. But here's the upside of that. Okay. The band, silver Sun pickup started following us on Twitter.


Shut up. Which must mean Right. You wouldn't follow unless it was an accident. I, that happens to me sometimes where you just touch a thing and suddenly you're following it. But there is a chance that the people that belong to the insanely amazing band, silver Sun pickups, listen to this podcast Who got their name from the Silver Sun Liquor Store in Silver Lake. Right. By where we're at right now. That's right. So, yeah. I mean, let's focus on the Listen. Mistakes I haven't made Yet. Indie bands love us. We're your, is that true? We're your aunt Listen, we're your aunt. We support you. You gotta love your aunt coming and standing at your show with a big purse in her arms crossed. Yeah. Just Actively supporting And then telling you later who she, who she saw in the past.


Like what band? I said Elliot Smith. Come on, girl. I mean, who haven't I seen? Yeah. I was there back in the day when Beck walked on stage during that one John Bryan show at the old Largo. I could tell. There you go. 50 stories like that. Don't, No, I can't. I I won't, I would never do that to you. You already have so much pain. Okay. It's funny how you, you're the housekeeping person. Well, it's always my mistakes. No. What's always is that I won't cop to my mistakes or apologize for them. Badass. I'll, I I will try to do that more. Mine are so blatant that people are like, hi, I love you. Don't be mad. But you completely fucked this up.


Yeah. But you know what? That's in the past. Who listens to episode 33? Nobody. Oh my God. It's just like so old. It's like, so last week It's so our dumb ant, I missed the, I slept through therapy today. It's a good sign. It's A great sign. That's always a good sign. I Mean, blow off Therapy. I forgot therapy. And my therapist texted me and was like, Hey, I had you down for four. And I was like, I was on, I'm on pills. I do that probably every other week. Did you? And I have no excuse. You know what, actually, I had this really amazing therapist recent, recently, not amazing. She and I didn't work out, but I liked her. And she said to me like, I have this thing about being late.


I'm never late. And it stresses me out. And I like, I get so angry with myself when I'm late. And I showed up to, at my appointment, like not even 10 minutes late. And I was like, I'm so sorry. I fucking, I'm a fucking idiot and dah, dah, dah. And she was like, what? Tell me, tell me why. It's like, what's wrong with being late? Or like, tell me what you, you can you should say to yourself about being late. And I was like, oh, like I should, I should say like, it's okay. No one's a blah blah. And like kept saying things. And she was like, Nope. And finally I was like, what do I say? And she was just like, it's okay. That's It. Yeah. It's okay. Yeah. That's All it is. It is. It's okay. Everything's okay.


It's not like you don't have to reason with yourself. I missed therapy today. It happens. It's okay if you have something else going on. Like you have to give yourself a break that this isn't standard time. Yeah. You have crazy back pain that's keeping you from like getting up to get a glass of water. Yeah. So yeah. You might be fucking 10 minutes late for something. And even if I'm five, five minutes late because of whatever the fuck reason, it's okay. It's okay. It like the world. You know, I have to say, my dad said this great thing to me one time when I was super crazy, had just flunked out of college, was really felt like, I really felt like the world was like melting around me. Yeah.


And he goes, and of course I had to like borrow money from him. Yeah. It was like, I basically felt like the biggest failure and like I was always going to be that, that moment I was probably 21. Yeah. Or 20. And I was po I was, I just stamped myself. Permanent loser. Yeah. It defines the, you think at that age it's, that's defining, it's a defining moment. Yeah. And thank God at the end of this phone conversation, my eye goes, Hey listen, really honestly in a hundred years nobody's gonna remember this. And then I was like, oh. Oh. And that is the best advice. Yeah. Like live your life knowing that in 100 years, like it's so scary to some people like, oh, we all died.


Yeah. In a hundred years I won't be remembered. Yeah. But also you won't be remembered. Yeah. So fucking relax a little bit. Or you will be by your like great grandchildren and they'll be like, my grandma was a fucking badass. Yeah. She did this and this and this. They're not gonna be like, can you believe my grandma didn't graduate college? Right. No. No, not at all. Did You see that? My dad is now, my dad texted me that he is listening. Yes. You told me that. Oh my God. Can I just, I love it. Can I read everyone who's just not following us in all the places? What the fuck is wrong with you guys? What he said? He said started listening to your podcast. Podcast and Wow, your voice is great. The interaction is terrific. Let's talk when you can love dad For further notes. Yeah, yeah.


Right. But he also signed it Love dad. I was like, oh thank you. Oh, then he said He signed a text classic. Yes. Whichever love. And then he said, he said, you go girl. Not fucking kidding. Yes. I wanted to call in when you talked about not sitting next to a window to avoid being crushed by an out of control car crashing on top of you. And add that I always sit facing the door at like a restaurant. Yeah. So I can see whoever is coming in to assassinate me or worse. Your dad said that. Yeah. Okay, now we're getting to the root of some stuff. Anxiety E Marty's. Got it. Yeah. And I was like, can you please call and like talk, like leave me a voicemail about how you deal with anxiety or whatever.


So I hope he's okay with me reading that. Anyways. So should We we'll mark this Steven for a potential edit that we'll never make. Well, hey, here's the thing though. There's nothing to be embarrassed about. No. Because this is the human condition. This is, I told you that right. When my therapist told me once that our reptilian brains are built to scan for present danger and then review for past mistakes. Ooh. That's all your brain does constantly. Yeah. So when you are in that mode of like you are looking around to see if a car is coming or who what lunatic is coming in the door. That is how the human brain works. So we survive.


Yeah. That's how, that's how the saber two tiger doesn't need us. Yeah. That's the reason that, that's the reason the hard starts are here. Yeah. And the co tariffs are here is because our, our brains did that correctly. Yeah. So if that means that we have a bunch of anxiety because in this day and age there aren't any wild animals that are about to jump on our backs and it doesn't sink up that much, then Yeah. Give yourself a break. Yeah. But there are murderers and so we're gonna talk about those murderers. Yeah. After a quick break, we're gonna get to our favorite skipper saber tooth tiger murderers. It's This week. It's all saber tooth tigers. And be right back.


And we're back learning that Marty hard stark has a little bit of anxiety issue. Maybe learned it through listening to the show where his daughter talks about her anxiety issues. Yeah. I mean they match, it's almost like their chromosome matches DNA matches. Does Marty have any back pain or sciatica issues like You? She definitely has back pain listening to this episode or listening kind of like hurt me because that sciatica time period I look back on now and realize it was all, a lot of it was stress and anxiety. Yeah. And so I wanna like go back to Georgia back then and tell her to read The body keeps the score.


Yeah. She needs to be going to acupuncture for stress management. I mean, and deal with shit in your life. That's like when I, the therapy was the most intense and important in my life. Yeah. I, yeah. I was in so much fucking pain. Red light also everyone Red light do red light therapy. Does red light help for back pain? Oh my God. I use it every night. Yes. Wow. Red light is incredible. Oh, that's great. Infrared light. Don't just like take a light bulb. And Have you ever tried an infrared Sauna? Yep. I have a sauna sleeping bag that I just get it. A infrared sauna sleeping bag that I just fucking tuck into sometimes with cats. 'cause they love it and go to sleep. It's, it's incredible for my back.


Oh great. Yeah. I've I've been looking at those. They seem good. Alright, Let's get into Karen's story. This is yet another epic, epic awful story of one of the just worst. One of the worst. Yeah. This is Karen's story about Richard Speck.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to out last and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And Managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Hey there. Ritual here to give a big shout out to you for making it through the hectic holiday season. The magic of those family moments. That was you. And now there's new milestones to prep for in 2025. This new year check clean quality pregnancy nutrient support off your to-do list with ritual. We've done the research to create science backed pregnancy support like our prenatal multivitamin, na choline and fertility support. All designed to be taken alongside each other. But don't just take our word for it. They're also third party tested for microbes and heavy metals and clean label project certified. So whether you're trying, thinking about trying or already there, we don't have to tell you that prioritizing yourself can be the hardest part. That's why we're helping you get started today with 30% off a three month supply for a limited time at ritual.com/podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


I'm pretty certain, oh, I closed my computer because I'm pretty certain you're first. Okay. I Mean, I guess I could actually look. Don't you dare. I don't like it being, we don't care. I like it. Never knowing There was somebody act. Wait, are we back? Sure. There was somebody, there was somebody that wrote in that was like, every week, you guys don't know who it is. Why don't you just do even odd number systems? I know. And it made me laugh out loud. I was like do, first of all, I, without looking, I knew it was a guy. Yeah. And then secondly, I was just like, first of all, enjoy the charm of not knowing. Yeah. Enjoy the fact that what we're doing here is like sussing it out as we go every time.


And who wants a number system also? Here's what, what happened? Wait, are you even or are you Odd? Hold on. What day is this? I'm even, I Thought it was the 24th. Is this number 35? So I'm even And you're Odd. Okay. No, but I thought that meant that if you were even I go first. Right? Here's your number system superstar. That's worse. So Karen, But thanks for the suggestion. Yeah. So you go first this time. I'm pretty certain it's you. Well because I, last week beat was beating myself up for being such a lazy pants. Marie, stop it. I did what some might call, I believe on other murder podcasts they call heavy hitters.


Yeah. I'm This week bringing you the Mass Murderer Killer Richard Spec. Hey, Do you know him? Oh Fuck. Hold on. Yeah, Just shout it right into the microphone when you have pain. We Everybody wants to hear it. Are You Being mean? No, I mean like, it's gonna be part of it. That's okay. It's gonna make Am I excited or am I in extreme pain? That's gonna be the, Well just say, just do what you feel. Okay. But don't be, don't edit Yourself. I don't know a ton about Richard Spec. So I'm really excited about this. Richard Speck has, on his Wikipedia page, there's a couple pieces of information that are some of my favorite sentences I've ever read.


For example, when he was six years old, his father died of a heart attack and his mother remarried a peg legged drunk with an extensive criminal record who she met on a train. Say that again. She remarried a peg legged drunk with an extensive criminal record who she met on a Train. Oh my God. Now this was long ago enough that there were still peg liggers around. I mean, and you meet people on a train. Yeah. And you're And Annie's and he's a drunk. So it's like this guy seems fun and like he's making the most of life. Do you think he Oh, I have so many questions. Go On. I know. Well also, So you know, if he's a peg leg drunk, that he's probably not gonna be the best stepdad in the world.


I mean, when back then was a stepdad, a kid Stepdad. I know this, this was really dark days for any kind of a secondary parenting. Yeah. I Think it's funny how even today you hear of a stepdad and you're like, Ooh. And then, but then they're like, no, he was an like, you have to, you have to tell someone that this is your stepdad. But, but then say like, but he's amazing. He's The good, he's a good kind. Yeah. Yeah. It actually the, it's kind of a dirty word. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, do you have a stepdad? No. My mom has, has had a boyfriend for like 10 years. Who's like the best dude. Great. My parents divorced when I was a kid and luckily never found anyone else to marry them. So I got lucky. Didn't have, You didn't have to deal with any of that shit.


Step Kids, stepdad, parents, Weird, strange teenagers that now live in your home. No, you're supposed to call them brother and sister. Like they dated, but like, it was fine. And now my mom's boyfriend's like the coolest Dude. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. My mom's boyfriend is totally a positive phrase. And my new stepdad is a nightmare situation. Yeah, That's true. Alright, So he, when he was in third grade, they, the whole family moved to Texas and they would have 10 different addresses in 12 years. Wow. So the peg leg drunk didn't work out so good. He was obviously drunk, very angry, very abusive.


And also had a bit of a criminal background. Was a forger and just an all around Texas superstar. So because of that, Richard started drinking himself in sixth grade. Oh my God. And dropped out of school when he was 16. So dark start. Yeah. Early and bad. So these, I'm just gonna try to go through these very quickly. His crimes in Texas are as follows. When he was 19, he met a, oh well I guess that is when he was 19. He, he met a 15-year-old girl at the state fair. And three weeks later she was pregnant. Dude technic, technically that's statutory rape. Yeah.


When his daughter was born, his wife didn't know that he was serving a 22 day sentence for disturbing the peace After a drunken melee, a phrase I feel like they only use on Wikipedia. When he was 21, he was arrested for forgery and burglary and sentenced to three years. But paroled after 16 months, a week after his parole, he attacked a woman in a parking lot of her apartment building with a 17 inch carving knife. Is That his first like, like attack against a female? Yes. As far a a aside from family, they said that he was very abusive within the family. Yeah. But I don't know if that was just, 'cause the whole family was all fucked up, down, right down there once they moved to Texas.


But this is his first like, adult assault against A woman. Because it's so weird to go from like, I don't think a, I don't think a lot of people go from like burglary. And that's, and like fighting outside of a bar to like attacking a woman alone. Actually burglary is a very common like first for, and especially for serial killers. Really? They start in burglary. Yeah. Just to see if they can, It's like invading people's space. Oh, okay. And then it kind of goes further. But you're right about the drunken. Usually you think just somebody that's kind of drunk is isn't gonna no suddenly pull what is over a foot and a half long knife on someone. Jesus. Isn't that kind of a sword?


That's a really fucking long knife. When do He go from knife to sword? Like let's, let's get it down. How long Is a sword? Three, two Feet. You're asking the wrong I watch the knife show sometimes, but I'm usually, I've watched it with you. Cutlery corner. Oh, cutlery. Oh that's a good show. Oh God damn. That's a good show. So she got away luckily, but he was convicted of aggravated assault given a 16 month sentence. That's, and it was supposed to run concurrently with his parole violation sentence, but due to an error, he was released from prison just six months later on completion of his parole violation after.


I don't think this kind of stuff happens as much here in modern times as this whole like Which part of the error? Yeah. This weird paperwork, jail error. Shit that spelled your name wrong about Yeah. And suddenly you're free to go. Yeah. I hope you're not All. So he gets out prison, he works for three months as a driver for Patterson Meat company. He has six accidents with the truck before he is fired. Oh shit. After failing to show up for work Now that's what they fire him for. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess the accidents, he always had a good reason. I mean, I think this guy is a real, he's good at talking. He's a bullshitter. He's like, you know, a fast talker. He's not one of them low IQ dudes. No, he is not one of those.


Okay. I don't think. No. Okay. He, so in December, 1965 on the recommendation of his mother, he moved in with a 29-year-old woman who is an ex-professional wrestler herself and a bartender at his favorite bar Ginny's lounge. She sounds Like a fucking badass. I Would love to see a picture of her right now. I would, I would, I would love it. I wanna hang out with her. Oh, she also needed someone to babysit her three children. What? So, so Richard Speck was her man. Oh, as you do you pick the fucking ex-con. Yeah. Instead of Hiring a teen girl babysitter, you go ahead and get a guy that hangs out at the bar that you bartend at.


What the shit man, Guys, guys, guys in Texas in the sixties get your shit together. Xna on the, am I wrong? Okay, so, So, so I lost my planes. So a month later, his wife files for divorce. The same month Richard Speck stabbed a man in a knife fight at Jeanne's Lounge. He was charged with aggravated assault, but his attorney that his mother hired for him got the charge reduced to disturbing the piece. How hilarious is it? Stabbing someone is disturbing the piece. It's, You know, it is disturbing.


It is disturbing. And I had peace before you did it. So technically that, that was like a real good lawyer. So he was fined $10 and he was jailed for three days and Oh my God. Oh no, sorry. He was fined $10 and then he was jailed for three days after he failed to pay that fine. Jesus. Oh my Lord. They're letting him off practically scot free and he's still going, Hey, go fuck yourself. Yeah. So this, that was the last time he was in police custody in Dallas. So this is kind of an amazing crime. On March 5th, 1966, he buys a 12-year-old car and then he, the next night he burglarize a grocery store, steals 70 cartons of cigarettes, sells them outta the trunk of the car in the same grocery store's parking lot.


Then he abandons the car. So the police trace the car back to him and issue a warrant for his arrest. But that arrest would've been his 42nd in Dallas. Are you kidding me? Yeah. This sounds like the plot of raising Arizona. It's we wrong Son. I believe you got a panty on your head. The best movie of all time. I love him so much. I love him. I love him so much. Okay, so, so his sister drives into the bus depot and he gets a bus and he takes a bus back to Chicago where he still has family. 'cause they're like, you gotta get outta town or you're done for Yeah.


42 arrests. She was So On March 16th, 1966, he finds out that his wife got a remarried two days after divorcing him. And at the end of that month he gets detained by the police for threatening a man with a knife in a bar. So Richard speck in a, in in a sentence, he's all about bars, knives. Yeah. And getting arrested. It's his passion. So this is his fresh start in Chicago, by the way. So on April 3rd he breaks into the home of a 65-year-old woman in Monmouth, which is where his sister lives.


And that's why he's in this small town in Illinois. And she comes home at 1:00 AM 'cause she's been babysitting The a right babysitter. This is who you Picked a Yes. An old lady babysitter. Yeah. She walks in the door, there's a man standing in her house. Oh no. Six foot tall white man as she describes him, who was very polite and spoke very softly with a southern draw who blindfolds her, ties her up, rapes her, ransacks the house, and steals the $2 and 50 cents that she had earned babysitting that evening. Aww. So then on April 9th, a woman named Mary Kay Pierce, who was a 3-year-old borrow maid who worked at her brother's tavern in downtown Monmouth, Monmouth, I'm sure I'm pronouncing it wrong.


She was last seen leaving that tavern at courted one in the morning. She was reported missing on April 13th. Her body was found the same day in an empty hog house behind the tavern. And she died from a blow to her abdomen that ruptured her liver. Whoa. So Richard Speck frequented that bar and he helped build that hog house. Oh no. That was one of the jobs he got was a carpentry job. His older brother helped him get, when he moved to town. So the Monmouth police police briefly question him about this woman's death. But when they show up to the Christie Hotel, he loves to stay in these flop houses.


That's through the whole story. He has left town, but when they search the room, they find a radio costume, jewelry, and other items that, that the 65-year-old woman had reported missing from her house after her attack. Right. So now they know, and then they also find other, other personal effects that are related to other burglaries in town. So they know this guy has done all of this. Totally. So why did he leave all that shit behind? Well, Because he had to get outta town because he had killed this woman, essentially. All right. And then he was like, hightails it out and then just doesn't care. Yeah. So also he's a crazy drunk, right.


So he's not a good planner. Right, right, right, right, right. Or probably packer. So he leaves that small town, goes back to Chicago to stay with his other sister Martha. And Martha had worked as a pediatric nurse before she got married, which is just an interest to me was an interesting note for later. Oh Yeah, Foreshadowing. That's right. So he goes and he joins the Merchant Marines. His brother-in-law recommends that he does that. So it's like con it's consistent work. You know, like you, it's, it's kind of like when Fuckups join the army and to get a little something in them.


So it's kinda same idea. Not that all Army people are fuckups. Not in the least. Please Don't send us No, no, no. We support the troops in every way. However, Sometimes more than most actually. I mean, really, But No, but this is like it And this is also a thing back in the day. Yeah. Like you join the Merchant Marines when you're kind of listless and you don't, you know, it's like it did You my brother did it and I was the best fucking person ever. Yeah. So I get a, so I get a talk about it. So you get credit. Yeah. And I gotta talk about it and not get hate mail. There's, there's so many ways to make mistakes. I mean, when you have a podcast and you're just trying to talk and You're just speaking and you just piss everyone off. I Really support the Marines.


I guess I wanna, alright, sorry. Yeah. I Deviated from the, It's really something people used to do. Did you see Lou and Davis? He was a, he was trying to get on a ship. He just, he was like a loser musician. Yeah, no, it doesn't Matter. We're not, we're not bad people. Oh Yeah. We're really good people. Okay. So he gets, he joins I merchant Marines. He gets on a ship four days later, he gets appendicitis and he has to get airlifted to a hospital. So he stays in this hospital for two weeks after his surgery. And he loves the attention he's getting from these nurses. And while he's there, he meets in befriends a 28-year-old nurse's aide named Judy. So once he's gets better, he goes back onto the ship.


But he is a drunk and he's also takes pills. So there's lots of Sounds Like me right now. Yes. It's totally you. And he had really bad sciatica. What? Oh my God. It sends it right here on this ship. He is gets drunk. He exposes himself to other crew members. Gross. He gets into fist fights. Nobody Wants to see that Shit again with the knives. He's all over the place with the knives. Oh my God. And then finally he gets drunk and yells at his, at his superior officer. Yeah. So they put what they call, put him ashore, which to me visually is so hilarious of like the boat pulls up and fucking kicks him off and he gets like stranded in upper Michigan.


Holy shit. They just like boot him off the Boat. They're just like, get the fuck outta here. Wow. They later dated him so hard, so Hard. So he goes and finds that woman, Judy, the nurse's aid Judy that he met at the hospital. Oh, Judy. Judy. Judy. And he ends up staying at her house. She says the entire time he stays with her for like two weeks. She says he's a perfect gentleman, showered her with gifts, took her to dinner and was amazing. And at the end of the trip she lent him 80 bucks So he could take the train back to his sister's house in Chicago. Alright. That's the only nice story that you're gonna hear about Richard's back.


I'm glad Judy's okay. Yeah, She did fine. He gets back on July on June 30th. By July 11th he's overstayed as welcome. And his sister kicks him outta the house. So he goes down to the maritime hall to get another job on a ship. But, but the, they keep saying he has assignments and then they fall through. Which must have something to do with the fact that he got kicked off a ship already. Yeah. You know. Yeah. At one point. So he is just kind of wandering around. He has nowhere to go. He's broke. So his sister come and her husband come visit him on July 13th. She gives him 25 bucks. They sit in her car and have a conversation.


And while they do this, they're sitting outside a townhouse that is also serves as a nurse's student, a student nurse's dormitory. Oh Yeah. Oh Yeah. So basically they have a conversation, which I would imagine would be, you gotta let me come back 'cause I have nowhere to go. And the sister's like, fuck no. Oh, you're, you're a lunatic. Here's $25. See ya. And would not want to be you. Oh No. Yeah. So see You. And with not That's hilarious. So he takes the money, he gets a room at a flop house called the Shipyard Inn. And then he starts day drinking, which we know never goes well Does it for them.


I mean, yeah, no, you're right. I mean, I mean, for me, for Me it's just like, it's just the promise of an amazing nap. That's all it is. That's True for me, when I used to drink, I just knew at some point if I started drinking, like around noon at some time in the evening, I would be trying to hit someone in the face. That's me though. See I'm like noon to three hard nap to five or six, take a shower, go out again, Get back on that horse. Or just hang out at home. Yeah. Or watch him quality tv. Yeah. Okay. So what he does instead is he day drinks. Oh no. And he starts following a 53-year-old woman from bar to bar who is also day drinking.


Sure. And finally he propositions her at the last place that they're at. He gets her to come back to his room with him rapes her, steals a black $16 mail order, 22 caliber ram pistol. That was a lot of detail on that. All of those Say that Again? Black. Well, I cut and past pasted that the, so I didn't realize that they were gonna describe this fucking gun to the T but Mail order is the problem. This is a sticking point for me. This Is, you know what I wish I could cri cri give a critique on every Wikipedia page because there's so much overriding and backwards describing. But I, But I believe the thing that stuck out for me, yes, you were correct about all of that, but that you could just mail order a gun.


Oh Yeah. I mean, I guess there's a knife TV show. So why couldn't I be a fucking, you gotta Have our weapons as Americans. Yeah. And it by any means possible. Sure. Okay. So after he attacks and brutally rapes this woman and steals all her shit, he goes and eats dinner. Then he goes back to drink at the Shipyard Inn Tavern. And until 10 30 at night, then he goes back up to his room and gets dressed entirely in black. Oh no. That can't be anything Good. I mean, he's not a goth, He's not a ninja. He's armed with a switchblade and the stolen gun, he walks a mile and a half back to the townhouse where he was having the conversation with his sister.


And it is, it's a dormitory. It's, I already said that, but it's functioning as a dormitory for nursing students for South Chicago Community Hospital. Oh, Honeys. So he cuts open the screen on a back window. So this Oh, Screens man. Screens are, Yeah. Troublesome. Yeah. He cuts open the screen, crawls in the window, walks up the stairs and knocks on a bedroom door. And a woman named Corazon or Cora, Amir Amro opens the door and sees a man standing there holding a gun to her. And he pushes into the room.


There's two other women in bed. He gets them outta bed and he gets them to come out of the room at gunpoint and go into a bigger bedroom in the back. And then he, they, he goes into these other rooms. He finds women, I'm sure that those, they screamed or made some weird noise. He goes basically into each room, collects up all the women that are in his dormitory and puts them all into this back room. And then he, which is to me, I think as I was reading this kind of a crucial point, he turns off the light in the room, then he lights a cigarette and sits on the floor. He has them sitting in a semicircle.


And he very, again, politely and in his quiet southern drawl starts explaining to them how he's not gonna hurt them. He just wants money. He's trying to leave town. He's just gonna get a bunch of money from them. And then he, he puts out the cigarette, stands up, takes out his switchblade, and starts cutting up a sheet. And he ties the hands and feet of all these nursing students. And then he picks up the first girl and like to go as if to say, you know, we're gonna go get your purse. Like I'm gonna, you're gonna get me your money. Yeah. And her name was Pamela Wilkening.


And Pamela fucking spits in his face and says, I can, I will be able to pick you out of a lineup. Oh no. Yeah. God bless her soul. He takes her into the other room and he starts to rape her and two other nursing students who had just come home, walk in on them. So he, he pushes Pamela down, he takes the other two into another room and strangles and stabs them Oh. And kills them and leaves them in that room. Then he goes back to Pamela stabs her once in the heart. Oh honey. Then he goes back to the group of women that are waiting in the room tied. And they have, Have no idea.


They have no idea. But you know, they're hearing noises. Totally. And it's that thing where I honestly think that the, because a lot of people talk about that, why would these, there was ultimately, there were eight nursing students sitting in a circle. But first of all, he had a gun on them. And it's that thing of like, I want, I don't wanna hurt you, I just need money. So everyone's thinking and, and they're nursing students. Yeah. So they know psychologically you wanna be complicit, you wanna go along like cooperate, keep him calm. Yeah. Clearly he's probably drunk. He was probably very overtly drunk and he was on speed. Yeah. So they were probably just trying to keep everything, like doing what he wanted. Yeah. Trusting that he was doing what he said. Yeah. Which of course he fucking wasn't. Yeah. So he goes back in and he just keeps taking them out one by one.


And at one point, Cora, the one who opened the door first un gets out of her, out of her ties and rolls under a bed. Yeah. And just stays in there. And then as he's taking them out, they're hearing noises and they all like, they don't know what to do. Yeah. Yeah. They're staring, staying really quiet. And then, and she describes all of this later on. Yeah. Basically the second to last woman, he rapes in the room. So she sees and hears it. Yeah. And then he kills her and she is just pressed up under a bed against the wall praying.


Yeah. So all in all, he killed eight women that night. Pamela Wilkening, who was 20, Patricia Matus, who is 20, Nina Jo sch Molly, who is 24. Suzanne Ferris, who is 21, Maryanne Jordan, who is 20, Marlita Gargiulo, who's 22. Valentina Paon, who is 23. And Gloria Davey, who is 22. And then he walks out the front door, he throws his knife into the Cmet River and he goes home and goes to bed. What the fuck? Thinking that he has committed the perfect crime, because he killed all of the women.


But he didn't because Cora was still under the bed. She waited until six in the morning and then she opened a window, started crawling out the window, screaming, they're dead. All of my friends are dead. Oh my God. There's a woman across the street who was doing laundry in her house and hears what she thought. She thought a baby was crying. And she opens her front window and sees Cora out the back window, just screaming out the window. So she goes over there, then she wakes up like the house mother for all that, the dormitories. And this fucking house mother walked through the house. Oh fuck. Seeing every, every room there was a different dead body.


I mean, it was, it was a disaster. When the police finally came, the policeman who was first on the scene had only been on the force for 18 months. Oh no. So he walked through and he was, when he came back outta the house, this is actually kind of fascinating, back then they had reporters who would listen to the, the police radios. And they would just drive around and like, you know, oh, there was a house caught on fire or whatever. Yeah. So this guy that was the reporter that heard this call, w was there probably five minutes after this first cop. And when he got there, he said, the guy had his hat on backwards. He, his shirt was out of his untucked. He, he was walking in circles.


Oh my God. He Was completely in shock. And the guy said, what's going on? And he said, they're all dead. And this said, go look. And so this reporter walked into the scene and So he actually talked about it where he said there was so much blood in the hallway that it ca as you walked through the hallway because it was coming outta the rooms. Oh my God. That you stepped down and it would come up over the sole of your shoe and to the, to the top of your shoe. Fuck. And they were in every single room. It was so when the, when the rest of the cops finally appear there, you know, there, there's some cops outside and their cops would walk into the house Yeah.


And then come out and throw up. And then the other cops that hadn't gone in yet we're giving them shit. Like, Oh Yeah. You know, maybe you've been on the force too long. Then they'd go up and they'd come out and throw up. Oh my God. And every single cop that arrived on the scene vomited. You think one to be like, I'm gonna stay outta there Where they have to go in. Right. It's the fucking job. So that's what a nightmarish insane. And also this was 66. Yeah. This was before Manson. This was before anything. There Was no spree killings back Then, or Not really. Or like the ones that they had had like the in cold blood one where it's like a family. But they were like in those beds and it was gunshot wounds. This was like a knife. Yeah. And strangulation and just extreme fuck.


So they, but there are fingerprints all over the scene. Yeah. So, and the FBI comes in immediately. So they get, they find out that it's Richard speck, like within, within three days of the attack, they have his picture. They also have the picture that with the court described him to the cops. Right. And that those two pictures run in the newspaper alongside the information that he has a tattoo on his forearm that says, born to raise. Hell fuck. Can you imagine seeing like your sibling Oh, Oh Yeah.


And lean like that. Like knowing it's him. Yeah. And that he did this, this thing that is beyond monstrous. Yeah. Like beyond. So when, when spec realizes his picture's in the paper, he can't go anywhere. He can't, he's in this flop house and he doesn't know what to do. So he commits, tries to commit suicide, he attempts suicide, drinks a bottle of old wine, breaks the bottle, and then slashes his wrists. But then at the 11th hour calls downstairs and says, call an ambulance because I'm dying. And so they take him to the, let's see, they take him to Cook County Hospital And Dr.


Leroy Smith, who was a 25-year-old surgical student, had read, had just read the newspaper. Oh my God. Saw the Born to raise, held tattoo detail. And when he walked up on this suicide case, seized that tattoo and says, or I think he just immediately called the cops. But then later when Richard Speck asked for water, he said, did you give any of those nurses water? And just walked away. Oh fuck. So, but then the cops were actually very careful. They like stayed around him the whole time because they knew this was this situation where like he could get killed before he ever gets tried.


Yeah. 'cause this is, he's such a like for three days this Chicago was in total terror, Terrified. So also there were concerns because there was a recent Miranda case that vacated a conviction actually for a number of criminals vacated a bunch of convictions. So they didn't even question him for three weeks because they had, they needed to make sure everything was like going to go exactly how it was supposed to go for The case. Interesting. Yeah. So when they finally do bring him to trial, they have to move it to Peoria, which is three miles away from Chicago. 'cause they know there's no way they can get him a fair trial in Chicago.


And there's a gag order on the press, which they used to do. I don't know why they don't do that anymore. Oh, Right. Where like you just can't publish anything and there's no Reporters allowed. And they let the whole thing proceed as it would naturally imagine. Which Would make sense because like once they're caught and going to trial, you don't need to know anything. You just tell us what happened. Yeah, yeah. At the end. Yeah. That's not the world we live in now. No. So the beautiful part is they were so worried about Cora because of what she, you know, this horrible thing she went through and now she has to face him in court. And they were really worried that she wasn't gonna be able to do it.


Not only did she fucking do it, when they said, can you identify the killer? Is he in this room? She stood up from the witness box, walked over to Richard Speck, pointed into his face, and they said, she almost touched his face and said, this is the man. Holy shit. And they, I just gave myself chills. And they, I love that so much. Yeah. 'cause it must have been the fucking scariest thing in the world. Totally. And she practically flicked his cheek. And That's amazing. They said, because of that eyewitness account, they, the jury deliberated for 49 minutes Wow. Before they came back with a death penalty.


Wow. So, on June 5th, judge Herbert j Paschen sentenced spec to die in the electric chair. But they, Illinois had to reverse his death penalty because they said that they unconstitutionally excluded potential jury members. Mm. When they were trying to find the jury. So instead, the judge that was forced to get to VA vacate the death penalty, gave him 1200 years in prison.


So every time he came up for parole, after, in all the years he was in prison, he was denied within 10 minutes. Good. I can't believe he even Got a chance to plead his case for parole. I mean, I think the thing at the end of the day, because they, you know, they did, they examined him, you know, for like, was he insane? Yeah. Was he, does he, did he not know what he was doing? Yeah. Was he incompetent or whatever? And there was a psychologist to, or a, they did an examination of his brain and they did see that the hippocampus, which involves memory, right. And the amygdala, which deals with rage and strong emotions encroached upon each other.


And the boundaries of the two were blurred. Interesting. And a neurologist who examined those, the photos of those tissue samples, because the, the real tissue samples were sent to a Boston neurologist for further study and were lost or stolen. Ah, Come on. Of course. But a neurologist who examined photos of the tissue samples along with the results of an EEG, said, I have never heard of this type of abnormality in the history of neurology. Weird. So any abnormality that exceptional has got to have an exceptional consequence. Wow. So he, it's all that combined with the, you know, the perfect storm of the horrible father.


Yeah. The childhood abuse. And he also was diagnosed with organic brain syndrome because of the Hit his head as a kid. That's right. He fell from a tree at White Rock Lake when he was an adolescent, and he suffered cerebral injuries. Son of bitch, It's there again. Isn't that the weirdest thing in the world? Yeah. So, but anyway, also, I would just like to say he took reds, I think is what they called them at the time, which was basically speed. And he would take like handfuls of them at a time. And as a person who took Fen in the nineties, I would just like to say I would take two a day and I was a monster.


Wow. I was a lunatic on those pills for like two years. I the fact that he like abused that ki like amphetamines. He must have been, I mean, so rage. He's already age monster. Yeah. He's already a monster. And then he is on pills that make you even more of a monster. So just to kind of like, you know, to somehow connect with what, what happened in that dormitory because Yeah. It was like living hell. Yeah. And that's what drugs do to you. Fuck. I mean, not to be your mom about it. Be my mom, be my aunt about it. No, look, the weird aunt is here in every way.


Don't do what I do. Kids. Here's the thing that everybody talks about, about Richard Speck, though. Aside from that terrible killing and being this like loathed mass murderer, there's a very famous video that got sent to Bill Curtis, our man Bill Curtis bill that someone, an anonymous attorney sent it to Bill Curtis in 1988. And someone inside the, sorry, the jail where he was, I'm not, I don't know if it's Cook County or if it was in a different jail, but someone, they made a video of what the, what it was like to be a prisoner in this jail.


And this is the video where, where Richard Spec is in women's underwear and no shirt. And he has small bra, women's breasts because he was taking hormones to transition while he was in jail. He was able to smuggle hormones in. So he had basically had like, kind of like very perky be cup breasts. What? I've never seen this. It's so disturbing. He's just, and he sits there with no shirt on with his little boobs in women's underwear talking about these murders. What it is, what does he say's? Fucked. Well, he, he's he's clearly trying to be the big man.


Yeah. 'cause there's a another prisoner sitting next to him. So he's just talking about how strong you have to be to strangle somebody and that it's not like you see it on tv, it takes a long time. Oh my God. And he talks about how the, the one of the women that he killed was flirting with him. Just crazy shit that like, holy shit, that's disgust when you see it, you're like disgusting. Yeah, it's, so they showed it, the Illinois legislature packed an auditorium and they showed it. What? And they ended up turning it off when it came to the part where Richard Specs started coating the prisoner that he was sitting next to. What in the actual Fuck.


And it was basically they, some, I read somewhere that it said that they did it because they wanted to bring the death penalty back. Oh. They were mad that Illinois got rid of the death, death penalty. And they were, it was basically trying to say, this is what's happening. They're just sitting in prison, you know, having this great time. And that was one of the quotes Richard Speck said, if they knew how much fun I was having in there in here, they'd, they'd set me free. Oh my God, dude. But too bad for you. Because Richard spec died of a heart attack in prison. Good. And they say no one claimed the body, but he was cremated and his ashes were sprinkled somewhere. So somebody must have done something with The body. Where were they sprinkled? They didn't say somewhere near Joliet.


Fuck. And that is the super bummer story Of Richard's Backup. What a piece of shit. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Wow. Wow. So dark. Yeah. Karen, do you have any updates? I do. Let's see. So in the year leading up to the trial of Richard Speck and those murders, the sole survivor, Corone Amra became friends with the four policemen who guarded her while she was in productive custody. They took her shopping, they took her to mass, they taught her how to play poker. And then when it came time for her to testify, she asked for them to s sit in the front row.


Mm. So that basically they were there for her while she did the hardest thing. Wow. That's beautiful. And then ultimately she went back to the Philippines, she got married and then moved back to the US with her family. And she worked as a nurse in Washington DC area until she retired. And now she's in her eighties. She's a grandmother. She's described as a very happy person who enjoys life and laughs a lot. And she still likes playing poker. Like those cops taught her. Oh my God, I love her. I want her to be my grandma. I mean, again, it's like such, this I feel like happens all the time when we talk about survivors, these people.


Yeah. The reason we love talking about them is like, it's such a, an inspiring kind of galvanizing thing for yourself and a difficulty that you feel like you might be going through. You hear a story like that hear corone being such an incredibly strong, like getting through it, making her life like basically saying fuck you to that experience. Yeah. And making a life where she's happy, Being brave, and then also asking for something that she needs, like having those four officers in the front row. Like, what an incredible, incredible person and spirit. Now it's time for Georgia's story. This one is about the Port Arthur Massacre.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available Eye force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Big shout out to you for making it through the hectic holiday season. This new year, get clean quality pregnancy nutrient support off your to-do list, including rituals, bestselling, essential prenatal, multivitamin designed with 12 traceable key ingredients to support a healthy pregnancy with big changes coming up. Take the small steps now and start today with 30% off a three month supply at ritual.com/podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


My name is Kyle Tequila, host of the shocking new true crime podcast, crook County. I Got recruited into the mob when I was 17 years old. People are dying. Is he doing this every night? Kenny was a Chicago firefighter who lived a secret double life as a mafia hitman. I had a wife and I had two children. Nobody knew anything. He was a fricking crazy man. He was my father. And I had no idea about any of this until now. Crook County is available now. Listen for free on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We're about to give a big old High five to Australia. Oh, by talking about the deadliest mass shooting in Australian history. The Port Arthur Massacre. Fuck. Here we go. So it was early 1987 Martin Bryant, 19-year-old dude IQ of 66. Yeah. That face you're making is correct. Meets a 54-year-old woman. She's a Harris to a a lottery fortune. I'm sure I don't Did you call her a Harris? Did I call her her a Harris?


I'm on pain pills. Aris, I meant Aris. I was like, she's one of the harrises. What the fuck are, are you talking? Can we start off? No, no, we cannot. You guys So much pain right now. Use the pain. I'm in so much pain. She's a Harris. She is a Harris. Sorry. Shit. Sorry. No, you're, I'm glad you pointed that out. Otherwise you wouldn't like, what the fuck? All right. 54-year-old Helen Mary Elizabeth Harvey is an heiress to a lottery fortune. Well, sorry. If you win the lottery, Like, I don't know if this means, So you Can't share, can't just call yourself a Harris. Well, I don't know if she's a Harris To A she. It's the share in the Tatter Saul's lottery fortune. So she, they could be like the head of a lottery.


Got it. I don't know. Australia's different than here. I Guess if you started the lottery right? You're the richest one of all. Dude. Okay. Yeah. Got it. Got it. So, so he's a lawnmower and he meets her while he's looking for, for more customers and they befriend each other. He becomes a regular visitor to her. Alright, you ready for some fucking gray Gardens? Action. Hello? Yes. All right. Neglected new town mansion and assist with task tasks such as feeding their 14 dogs that are living inside the house. Yes. Like me and the 40 cats living inside her garage. Oh, Jesus. Karen, you and I need to move there immediately.


All of our cat and dog dreams can come true. And we Have a hot, stupid 19-year-old fucking doing shit for Us. Just mowing that lawn. Yeah, that's Some gray gardens shit. I mean, first of all, the level of dog and cat fighting. If you had 16 dogs and 40 cats, dude, what the Fuck? Cats win. I would just be walking around all day going, stop it, stop it. Good smokey. But you know, they're like, be nice To your system, but you have to do it with an Australian accent. I, I won't even, I can't, I don't wanna piss Off a bunch of more Australians after, after incorrectly saying that one of their murders was from, or one of New Zealand's murders was New Zealand on that. They're the ones that got picked. That's true.


And they're the ones you don't fuck with. Yeah. Lord of the Rings. Okay, go ahead Harris. Anyways, Harris, excuse Me. I like Harris. Harris. So in June of 1990, the, the family or the house was finally reported to the health authorities and medics found that Mary and her mom were in need of urgent hospital treatment. The 79-year-old mother Hiva died several weeks later. A cleanup order was placed and Martin's father was like gonna try to help clean everything up because he is like taking care of his stupid son all the time.


So Should you be saying that, well, He is a mass murderer. I don't think anyone cares. That's, That's okay. Okay. No, you're right. I shouldn't be saying that. Just, I don't know. I'm so, you're so scared Of correction corner. I mean, You're correct. You're Correct. My correction corner just keeps getting bigger. You come correct with your, lemme Help you. That's Aion Corner. Let's come. Correct. Yeah. So Mary invites Martin to live with her in this mansion, and they start spending huge amounts of money. They purchased more than 30 new cars in less than three years. What? I know That's, this is the Harris, The Harris And her lawn mower, Her hair, the Harris and her hot, I don't know if he's hot.


Her fucking new boyfriend. Got it. Yeah. Are, wait, are they boyfriend girlfriend? I don't know. I don't think it's explicitly says. Okay. But I think it's like part of it, if they're not boning, there's some like relationship going on. Okay. Got it. So da. So he, Martin is re is reassessed for his pension. And a note attached to his paperwork says at the time, father protects him from any occasion, which might upset him as he continually threatens violence. Martin tells me he would like to go around shooting people. It would be unsafe to allow Martin out of his parents' control. That's why I said have to take care of his stupid son. Right. I got it.


Not because I'm a terrible person. Right. So in 91, Mary and Martin moved into a 72 acre farm and the neighbors said he always carried an air gun and often fired at tourists as they stopped to buy apples at a stall on the highway. And he would roam around the property firing the gun at dogs when they barked at him. Which is probably in the air, probably always. Yeah. Because he was a piece of shit. Probably also, when you fire guns, it makes dogs bark. So it's kind of a self perpetuating situation. There you go. Dog expert, Gun firing gun. A dog expert. But it was an air that was, he was firing an airgun.


So he was just, he was just going through motions. Okay. Yeah. So then on October 20th, 1992, Mary, his Harris was killed in a car wreck. Oh no. When her car veered onto the wrong side of the road and hit an oncoming car directly. And Martin was inside the car at the time of the accident and he was hospitalized, but he was investigated by police because he had a habit of lunging for the steering wheel. And she had already had three accidents as a result of him doing this. Hold on. Yeah. Then do what after the first time, aren't you? Like, you don't get to come into the car anymore?


She Was an old Harris, and like she needed company Hit. Yeah. But my brother, if he's in the car with me and I'm driving, he fucks with me. I mean, he doesn't run to the steering wheel, but he fucking won't stop turning the fucking windshield wipers on every five fucking minutes when we're stopped at a stoplight. He pulls the emergency brake every fucking time just to fuck with me. That, That reminds me of my cousin Stevie. When he finally got his license. I was like 10 and he was 16, and he would drive me home from school and then as he was driving down the road, he'd go dead body and just fall over and I would have to jump over and start steering from the passenger seat. So Dangerous. He did shit like that constantly. Can I out Marty my dad real quick?


Yes. When we used to fucking, he used to drive us up to Lake Arrowhead where he lived for a while, like these dark, windy roads. And we'd say, dad, how would I drive? And he'd go, Georgia would drive like this and then just start Leaving All over the fucking road. And Lee, how would I drive Dad? Lee would drive like this dark fucking mountain like no guardrail over Georgia would drive. I think it was just a shut the fuck. Like, just shut us up. Yes. After Four hours. Well, it's boring. Yeah. I mean, it's boring to hang out with little kids. It's a bore man. We almost gotta make it interesting.


We Almost died so many times. God, That's so hilarious. I remember one time being so small that I could stand up in the backseat of my dad's VW bug. I could stand behind the driver's seat On the, on the seat. I, I was standing on the floor of, of the car. I was as tall as the seat. So I was probably five. Yeah. And I thought it was really funny. Oh no. I reached up and just covered my dad's eyes and his reaction, Oh my God. Was to start laughing. But he was like, and knock it off. Knock it off. And he would pull up my hands. And then that was like the game on that car trip. So I would do it. And then the next time I did it, I was like a little crazy monkey where I wouldn't take my hands off. Like he couldn't peel.


And he was like, Kara, Jesus Christ, I'm done. You have to let go. I can't see. It was, Oh my God. Now I'm just having all these recovered memories of, because we lived out in the country too, so Yeah. So you had a lot longer before something bad was gonna happen when stuff like that was going on. How are we alive? I dunno. Maybe we're not, You know what? Maybe this is a Jacob's Ladder situation that's not nightmare. That's Just like going pretty well, it's Pretty fun, you guys. I like it. That's why we're number one is because it's just a dr. Like, it's just not real. There's like no way in real Life it's a massive hallucination and that we're about to get dropped into the bowels of hell. Yeah. Chris Hardwick is like having, why would you think that this would be real?


That you would be bigger than me? Oh, please. No one's bigger than Chris Harwood. I know my head hurts. Okay. And back what? And back and my butt. So da da da. Okay. He was the sole beneficiary of her will and came into Yes. What, $550,000. Oh, not much money. Well, I guess you know, After taxes. Yeah. And he didn't know shit about money. His mother applied and was granted guardianship of the money. So his assets were under the management of public trustees because he had diminished intellectual capacity.


I see. You know what I'm saying? Yes. So after her death, Martin's father, Maurice looked after the, the farm that they had fucking lived on with all the animals. And he returned home after the hospitals, a convalesce, let's see, his father had been prescribed antidepressants. And two months later on August 14th, a visitor looking for the father, Maurice found a note saying, call the police, pinned to the door and found several, several thousand dollars in his car. There was no criminal intent.


Su suspected, let's see. They searched the property without success. Divers. Divers were called to search the four dams on the property. And on August 16th, his body was found in the dam closest to the farmhouse. Oh. With one of Martin's diving weight belts around his neck. Police described the death as unnatural and that the death was ruled a suicide. And Martin Martin inherited his father's money as well. Sorry? They okay. No, no. Just they ruled it unnatural, I think. Meaning he had committed suicide. Not that he was Murdered.


Oh, okay. Dang. Okay. Yeah. So like he didn't fall in on accident. I got it. Okay. So he, Martin comes, becomes super weird. He changed. So now he's by himself. Yeah. I think his mom, his mom like, can't keep custody of him. So he is living on this place. He becomes super weird. He starts wear, he starts, instead of dressing normally wears reely and suit crap. Cravat. I don't know if that is, That's a French for a tie. Thank You. Linen skin shoes and a Panama hat while carrying a briefcase during the day telling anyone who listened that he had a well paying career. So he's playing successful adults. Yeah. Yeah. Got it. And he got super lonely. He starts visiting various overseas countries more than 14 times in two years.


Oh. It's like basically living the life all of us want without the murder part. Right. I Don't just like, enjoy it, dude. Yeah. He hates all the destinations he goes to, but he enjoys the flights as he could speak to the people sitting next to him who had no choice but to listen and be polite. Okay. Yeah. That this is when you stop having any Sympathy. There's no sympathy left. Yeah. He's getting shitfaced all the time. He is drinking a lot of booze. Oh, I wanted to tell you that He drinks half a bottle of Sambuca and a bottle of Irish Bailey's Irish cream. Ooh. Every day supplemented with point wine. What? That is all what did you see me when I'm 23? Does they also smoke cloves?


What the fuck This? That is all just the sweetest. That's man. No, that's like saying you want just drink a milkshake. Yeah. That's the equivalent of hitting your head as a kid. Really? You know what I mean? Wait, Sambuca and Bailey's. Sambuca Bailey's and Port Wine, which is just sweet dessert wine. Oh, It's disgusting. That's like drinking barf. Yeah, he's drinking when like a sorority girl drinks her first time drinking. Yeah. And her second All right. Day of the shooting. Sorry, here we go. His first victims are poor, poor David and Sally Martin. No, no relation. Oh wait, no. His first name's Martin. So of course it wouldn't be, anyways, moving on. They own, they own the bed and breakfast guest house that the Martins had bought.


So this family had bought the b and b that Brian's father had wanted to buy. And, and he believed that the Martins had deliberately bought the property to hurt his family and blamed them for the depression that led to his dad's death. Aw. So he shoots them in the guest house and then he goes to Port Arthur Ruins and he enters the Broad Arrow Cafe. He, he eats and then he goes to the back of the cafe, sets a video camera on a vacant table, takes out a semi-automatic rifle, and begins shooting patrons and staff. Within 15 seconds, he had fired 17 shots, killing 12 people and wounding 10.


Then he walks the out other side of the shop and fires 12 more times, killing another eight people and wounding two. He then changes magazines before fleeing shooting six people in the car park. And from his car as he drove away, four were killed and an additional six were injured. Oh my fuck. And he recorded it on a video camera. Yeah. This guy's a piece of shit drives down the road. Well, he's Crazy though. I mean, like that's, he's not okay. No, he's in any way. He's, He's insane. Oh, he goes down the road. Wait, it gets worse. There's a woman and her two children walking. He stops and fires two shots killing the woman and the child she was carrying.


Oh. And the, the older child gets killed too. I don't wanna, then he steals a BMW by killing all four of its occupants. God damn. And then a short distance down the road, he stops beside a couple in a white Toyota and drawing his weapon ordered the man into the boot of the, the BMW. After shutting the boot, he fires two shots into the windscreen of the Toyota killing the female driver. Oh. He goes back to the guest house with the guy in his trunk, sets the, sets the stolen car on fire and takes the hostage inside with, with the corps, with the corpses of the BMB people.


So he goes back to the BB, but He didn't light the car fire and leave the guy inside. Okay. Okay. Okay. The police get there and they try to negotiate for many hours and then the phone dies in the bat, the battery phone dies. His only demand was to be transporting an army helicopter to an airport. Like you're gonna fucking get away, dude. Just, Well, 66 iq. Yeah. He's, he's just, yeah. Improving. So at some point he kills his hostage. Ugh. The next morning, it's been 18 hours since he's been there. He sets fire to the guest house and attempts to escape. He gets burns on his back and butt and was captured and taken to the hospital. And he's treated and kept under heavy guard.


So initially he pleads not guilty to the 35 murders. Oh my God. And didn't provide any confession. However, he changed his plea of guilty before a, before a court hearing on Nove in November 19th, 1996. Finds found guilty of all charges, the judge orders that all evidence for the case to be sealed. I don't understand. I guess he just doesn't want the video to get out. You Probably, right? Yeah. If he's already, 'cause if he's already pleaded guilty, yeah. He's gonna go to jail. So Yeah, that guy, that guy, that guy was like, we're shutting this circus down now that's not Make this be a thing. Oh, That's good. He's sentenced to 35 life sentences as many people as he killed, plus a 1,035 years in prison.


Ooh. So he's still there in solitary confinement. No one, but his immediate family is allowed to visit him. He's never to be released. It says no parole, which is very rare in Australia. The majority of murder sentences allow for the possibility of parole after a long prison sentence. So his motivation for the massacre remains a guarded secret, only known to his lawyer who is bound not to reveal without his client's consent. So we don't know what triggered it, why he started, what made him fucking go over the edge of it. Obviously all of these Like slow build for a while Yeah.


That I had Yeah. Described are, And there's, they don't suspect that he killed his father and made it look like a suicide, Right? I don't think so. No. Oh, That's, wow. So yeah. So the Port Arthur Massacre, but it, I mean, it brought everyone together. It made people aware and Yeah. I Mean, it's just this horrible thing. So Wait, Martin Bryant Dick Did, I mean, like, what? I guess you wouldn't know, but like, it just makes me think, was that location part of his reason, part of the thing that hasn't been explained? Totally.


Like, or like, was there one person of those 35 that he was specifically targeting The video? It just freaks me out. Why would He? Yeah. Why would he put a video camera out there? It's So like, yeah, there is such plan in place, obviously. It's, it's such a, like I want everyone to know how, like, how I feel. It's almost like this. Look at what, look how awful I feel. Yes. Right? And also look what I can do. Yeah. And look what it's that thing of like, that's guns is like, look at the control I have over the world I live in. Opposed, totally opposed To Look how little safety you actually have, even though you think you have. It's my world. You're just players in it. Right.


Right. And the mo you think, you think you have the serene safety and I can fucking change that in the moment. Also, I wonder what if he had head injuries in that car accident? I mean, a, a, a head on collision. Yeah. Where the one person dies. I think he did. God, that's heavy. I know. Should we read a hometown? Isn't this nine hours long already? You're right. Let's do a separate hometown order next week. All right. Thanks for listening. You guys are the best. We Oh, We love you and, and stuff Like that. We love you. And I forgot how we ended this. 'cause I'm on. Oh, I know how Oh, we end by me telling you to stay sexy and Me telling you don't get murdered.


Elvis wants a cookie. He knows Elvis. I know he does want a cookie. He totally knows. Yes. You know your lines. Good boy. See over here. Thanks for listening guys. Bye. Bye. We're back. Georgia, two questions. Do you have any updates? And can you pronounce the word ariss now? Ariss. I say it all the time now just to show off honestly, You're learned how much you've learned on this show. Oh And oh Aris, why did you just say that? Is there an ariss in the attic? All right, so some updates following the massacre. Prime Minister John Howard spearheaded stricter gun control measures in Australia.


And this led to the development of the National Firearms Agreement or NFA in 1996. The NFA makes it clear that owning a gun, Hey, think of this is a privilege not a right. Yeah. That is only allowed when public safety is guaranteed. Remember them? The public. Yeah. And there's fucking safety. It banned people from owning fully automatic and semi-automatic guns. No one fucking needs. Those created consistent rules around gun licensing and registration across the country and instituted a buyback program that resulted in 700,000 guns being surrendered to authorities and destroyed. And that was about a third of all the guns in Australia at the time. Just show, just shows you that people wanted that change.


Yes. You know, people Don't want to live in fear like this. People don't wanna hear about children being murdered in grammar school. Yeah. Like, people don't want this. I don't wanna hear about like the newfangled fucking bulletproof backpack for children. Yeah. It's not their responsibility. All right, well that's a, that's a lot of show right there. And the original title of this big show is Don't Say It again. Thirty. Let The Bodies Hit The Four. We'll never have to Say it again. Oh My God. I mean, whatever. It's the past. What, what could we do in the future? 2016. Come on. So long ago. So we would today in the future, we would name it maybe a pain free hour when you're talking to me in a soothing voice about my awful sciatica.


And then there's also, when we were talking about we never know who's supposed to go first in every episode and somebody said the charm of not knowing. I like that one. That's a, that's a really good one that Explains so much about this podcast. I feel like That is us in Capital Letters right there. Charming and not knowing. Ignorant, charming, Blissful. Thank you guys so much for being here with us in this little review. We're glad that you like This. We're glad that You like this podcast. We appreciate you and all of the things. We like you back. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis.


Do you want a cookie? Ah,


This is Rob Parker from The Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I Force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque, and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Big shout out to you for making it through the hectic holiday season. This new year, get clean quality pregnancy nutrient support off your to-do list, including rituals, bestselling, essential prenatal, multivitamin, designed with 12 traceable key ingredients to support a healthy pregnancy with big changes coming up. Take the small steps now and start today with 30% off a three month supply at ritual.com/podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


I'm Mark Seal and I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli. The five families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my co-host Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title. Leave the Gun, Take The Cannoli Features New and Archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, that was a Real Horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, Take the Cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.