
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row, all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


It's April, 2020. A woman announces on Facebook that she has COID and won't be seeking medical attention. I didn't wanna be talked out of this plan. Then she disappears. Anyone else think this is strange? I just had to know how did this happen? Listen to what happened to Lina Czar on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are you obsessed with true crime? Then you're gonna love True Crime tonight. I'm Body Moen. I'm Courtney Armstrong. And I'm Stephanie Ecker. We've all worked together for years and now we're trying something brand new. We're unpacking all the latest true crime headlines. We'll be covering all the major trials that are heating up the summer. Kim? Yes. We'll also be covering scandals that we're all obsessed with the fact that he ordered that knife, which He knew he left behind. Listen to True Crime tonight on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello And welcome To Rewind with Karen and Georgia. That's right. It is Wednesday, And that means only one thing. That means we're gonna recap our old shows with all new commentary, updates, and insights. And today we're gonna recap Episode 50, which was originally entitled The Golden Anniversary Episode. I love that. That means we've been doing rewind for a year. Yeah, that's right. So this episode came out on January 5th, 2017. So Let's get into the intro of episode 50. Yay. Are you Get it out now.


Are you? Oh, they're not supposed to know about your pre-show Cry. Oh yeah. Hello everybody. Are we recording? I wish you guys knew what a nightmare it was from when Karen got here in my apartment until we started recording. I just asked for an eight minute sob before we start just to get it out. Yeah, it's better. Is it? For me? This is my favorite murder. That's right. That's Karen. That's Georgia. Let's Start over. There's nothing worse than when we do it correctly. I feel like there's, it feels terrible to do it, right? Well, This is that kind of podcast like this isn't that This isn't, mm.


There's no second takes. Although I have to say, I would love if Steven could ever get his act together for a little bit of, just a little bit of intro music. Can we wouldn be fun, please. Yeah. Wouldn't it be fun? Just play like your theme song like out loud in the apartment? Yeah. Or yes. Oh yeah. You could do that. Or if you got a keyboard, throw it over. Throw it over to the Bossanova rhythm. Yeah. The SOMBA Setting. Yep. Get us pumped. Get Us a little, just a little like talking. Yeah. Intro music. Like Loud enough that it's over. The crying over Karen sobbing. Yeah. So that like, I can ignore it. I wind the sobbing out slowly And you intro the, And that way I don't accidentally introduce a different podcast.


That's a good idea. Well, I mean, or whatever comes out. Sorry. What if we just have it as the whatever comes out allowance. That Reminds me. Oh, what are we gonna call our tour? I don't, Do we have a tour? Do have to name it Tour. We don't. But I think it'd be funny to have just a bunch of ideas of names. Okay. And like, never settle on one. Okay. Well then my first idea is monstrous of Rock. What's your first idea? The F word Murder mystery tour. Great. And we have to fucking give a cut to someone's dad, whoever made up that name. See, you're real Angry this episode. We could also do just, we could call ourselves the gin blossoms.


I'm all Mine Are band jokes. It's not good. Should we do? No, I, yeah. I guess we don't need one. I mean, it's the Only word to have a sign behind us. No. If we like at the show. Nope. Who's gonna make it? Not who's Gonna hang it, don't You? Who's gonna hang it? Who's gonna hang it or make it? Steven? Just raise his hand. All Steven. Oh, we're just gonna, we're gonna keep piling shit on you that you have to fucking do. What if we call it Stevens Piles tour the piles of Steven. What's that mean? It's just piles of shit. He has to do tour. Oh, I got, I got get get it. It's called, I like that you immediately lost track of what was happening. Piles. But like, I thought I was thinking like, like Gomer piles. So I was thinking you calling Stevens Steven piles, like goer piles.


Oh yeah. No, no, No, No. Great. What if we cancel the tour because this is such a problem and it can't be solved. Cool. How we call, what if we call it the dry shampoo tour? Because I swear to God, I planned on bathing before I came here, but I didn't. I was doing other stuff. This Is a safe place to not bathe. Oh My God. But I, the amount of dry shampoo I've started depending on Oh yeah. Lately. Oh yeah. Do you use it Too? Yes. And your hair looks full and it looks like you look like a mod, like Yeah, like a mod model model.


Oh Yeah. Like It's full and bouncy and I fucking love it. Oh, Okay. Thank you. It's great. I'm gonna start doing that then. I also think I might need more layers. It's not, we should not be doing this. I Love it. I love your hair right now. Thanks. Oh yeah. So, oh, you guys loved the year end guy Brenham. Spectacular episode. Yes. Thanks for all your positive feedback on that. Yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna definitely have him back on. I Don't love that. It was one of your favorites because I'm sorry, what have we been doing? This fucking 50 episodes? Hey, look, we get it. Yeah. Yeah. We get it. We Get it. You like when there's someone else talking to us? Anyone Else? Anyone else who has correct information? Look Fine.


We'll do it then. Well fine. We'll be fucking smart then. Okay. And we'll do it. Watch This. Watch how much you don't enjoy this. I am gonna name every state in every Roman numeral right now. I can kick off a corrections corner by saying, yes. The Sandra Bullock movie is two weeks notice. And yes, I said it was called six weeks notice while claiming to be her number one fan. Two Weeks is not enough. I feel like six weeks I think, I feel like is the legal amount. I'm sorry. Six weeks. Like, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Two weeks is like me getting fired from being a secretary. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, but six weeks is like when you're a fucking lawyer. When like Sandra Bullock was, You're a professional.


Thank you. Right? Well, she Is that right? She was, she was a lawyer. Don't even know that. Very good. I just felt like the movie took so long. It couldn't have been two weeks that she, when she gave the Do you really like that movie? Like legitimately? Oh yes. I'll watch it every time. I Know you will. But like, is it like a, you know, it's a bad movie watch. Nope. It's not a bad movie. Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are equal parts. He's the British version. They're the equal pers person of themselves. Oh. They're the mirror reflection of each other. They're like riffy yet real and they're kind of like mumbly bumbly. But So they're playing brother, brother and sister in this, in this Movie? No, they're they're attracted to each other. Yeah. But they're playing brother and sister.


But they're, which is the part I like, it's a real Game of Thrones situation. And yet there's a corporate element to it, which I also love. Ugh. It just bums me out. Like I see movies like that and I'm like, oh, what have you had a fucking live your life by working in an office every fucking day? You know, part the part that I love in that movie, and there's details like this that always stick out to me. You can tell when either the person that wrote the movie or Sandra Bullock herself, there's a part where she orders Chinese food. You Know? Like, this isn't how The, it's just not how people like the idea that she's gonna totally binge on Chinese food. Right. But it's way too much Chinese food. Yeah. Like you already get a ton of Chinese food when you just get four or five things.


Like We know, here's what you get. You get a poultry And you get, maybe get a shrimp and then you get a noodle or a rice. Yes. And, and like maybe some, like, like a egg rolls. Yes. Because you want a crunchy thing. Yes. That's it. The first thing that you need. But yeah, four, four things entree. And maybe you're gonna add the fifth. Yeah. In this thing. She sits on that phone. No. And she just keeps ordering dishes. And it's like up now I believe that's that you've never eaten anything besides like an apple and a cup of yogurt because you've never allowed yourself to have Chinese Food. That's a scene in it. Like, here's how bummed she is. I'm pregnant. Is that what I thing? It's a a little bit, it's no, but it's just her thing. It's like to show that she's so down to she's a Norm. It's one of those things where it's like, and people tweet this all the time.


Like, I ordered Chinese and they brought, and it was just for me, and they brought eight utensils. 'cause that's how much I ordered. Like, I'm such a pig. Ha ha. I'm cute. You know, and you're like, fucking shut up. Like there's that, there's this amazing Instagram that I'm obsessed with and I don't know exactly what it's called, but it's basically called, you didn't eat that. And it's these photos of models and like actresses that are like opening their mouth and putting a food thing near it and taking a photo of it. Yes. But like, you didn't eat that. That's right. Everyone knows It's always a carb. Like it's always like looking Out. Oh yeah. A big Burger. I'm gonna dance with this bowl of spaghetti. Yeah, but you've never actually had that in your mouth. I'm gonna dance with this bowl of spaghetti. Oh my God.


If you watch me, you wanna take a bath in one food product? What would it be? A bath. Because a spaghetti, A bowl of spaghetti sounds great. Yeah. I think spaghetti and Parmesan cheese mixed together with olive oil. And you just slip right into that. Dude, that sounds What Is wrong with me? That sounds so nice, doesn't it? That sounds so relaxing. Oh, you just, after giving your six weeks notice. Yeah, you just get into that bathtub. Maybe order some Chinese DoorDash, some Chinese, Postmates it straight into the bathroom. We're not, this isn't a commercial, by the way. Oh no. You didn't slip into a commercial. Nope. Not at all. Oh, we also need music before the commercials because the Agrees are becoming So chatty. It's not fair. You can't tell. We're not trying to do that. We're Not like, this isn't, you guys know that.


We don't know anything about like, editing and fucking engineering and Being sneaky and Like talking about states. Clearly. Here's the other mistake I made. Okay. When we were talking with guy about legal shit, And we were talking about the murder of Harvey Milk, I had to pop pipe up and say, And you, I think you said something like, yeah, he was murdered by his coworker and another po politician. And I said, that's right. Dan Brown, the person White. The person that murdered Harvey Monk was Dan White. Dan Brown is the international bestselling author of the Da Vinci Go. And he absolutely did not kill Harvey.


Karen Ard Rumors is my favorite New corner. This is the Gossip Corner. Now, did you know, but did, did Guy or Georgia myself? Not a Correct. You not a beat. Nope. No one even heard it. Because Here's the thing, we're allowed to say whatever the fuck we want. This is our podcast. If you want a factual podcast, go to what you've missed in facts. You know what history know what We're the cutting edge. Because like this whole thing of like the, there is no reality anymore. Oh my God, we've been doing that since last year. This Isn't happening. You know that. I also feel it's funny that you, like, I get fucking everything wrong and, but you're the one who has Corrections Corner. This is so clearly. I'm just like, I don't Care.


I don't care. I don't care. Oh, if you are, if you are a bitch enough to fucking tell me what I got wrong, then that sucks. But I also think it's hilarious to get like, when we get shit wrong. I do too. There's people though. I, I accidentally stumbled on this email and I can't remember. I was trying to find, do you ever do that thing where you start an email and then you have to go check something else? This happens to me on my phone all the time. I start to write an email and then I have to go check and see. I'm like giving the person, I'm writing it to someone else's email and I wanna double check to make sure I don't give 'em the wrong email. Yeah. So I leave the email. So I hit save draft, but then I can't find it in my drafts folder. It's not there. Then I'm like, did I send that email?


Oh my God. And then I'm like, and then what if I go back in? Do you send I start it again and then resend another email. I'm so scared. I fucking punched my microphone in the face. This is something that I actually went through recently. Do you do that? I mean, I have, I have done it once, once before, where now I'm scared to death that, that it's that idea of is it in drafts or did you just send it? It Saves it itself. So you can just close it here. This is like, But sometimes my, my phone doesn't Update. Oh. When you on the Phone Doesn update quick enough. So it's like, it just updated, but it really didn't Do You know what I do, which could be a mistake, is I start to type in their email address in the email I'm writing and it comes up. Oh. Like you're gonna cc Them. Like you're CCing them in the, but then don't forget to be like, Oh yeah, that cut.


Here's her email. And then you're like, you find it by CCing them and then you're like, oh shit. That'd be the best. You're you're talking shit about a person that you're also giving their email to the person you're talking to. Yeah. But you shouldn't hire her on anything. But she's a stupid Bitch. But anyway, get a hold of her anyway. Like she's, but like, she's gonna fuck everyone on that crew. Wait, why was I even, where were we citing that example Mistakes made? It's called My Life. What was it? There was a reason I was saying that. Steven. What was the Reason? Steven? Rewind six weeks notice. No, That Wasn't it. Steven, you're too far back. Put the phone. Put that microphone down. Put phone down, Steve. Just on a Phone. If Steven's on like a payphone in the corner.


Just Steven, get off. Ow. Jesus microphones are going everywhere today. Steven, can you get some better fucking props? Are these props? Well, we're about, I'm moving. And so this is about to Oh yeah. That's exciting. I'll be like, I'm kind of sad. This is our like, setup. We need like, we need a video of This. Dude. I'll be sad when it's like March And you have full ac Mar people in, in mar like in other parts of the country. Like March is cold. Nope. No. Not here in fucking where we global warming town where it's 85. Always. We're gonna, we're gonna have an episode live from the pool. I'm going to fucking be living near. Nice. We're gonna play tennis and record at the Same time.


Not me. No, we're gonna have, I don't know how to play tennis. We're gonna sit on hardwood floor. Yes. Everything about, I can't, so yeah, we'll let You know. But we need a photo of like this. If Vince comes home drunk, we'll have him take a photo of us right here. The day that I haven't bathed. You look great. You're outta your gd Mine. What? I what's You had one more corner. Oh, it was my, the thing that I, that happened over Christmas. My good story that I didn't tell you the whole thing of, oh. So at my Aunt Joe's house, now my family knows that I have a, a podcast about murder.


Many are excited about it, some don't like it. And told me right to my face. Got, which is, which is fun. Got Got Fuck yourself. But my lovely Aunt Joe said, well, wait, did you know that Marty had a hand in the arrest of the night Stalker? My cousin Martin, the oldest of all the cousins. I'm sorry, who is the San Francisco Fire policeman? Fuck Fireman. Oh. Who was a cop in San Francisco? No, for many years. He's now retired. Was he had just started, he was like just on the force. He was basically a beat cop and there was a burglary in the marina.


And so they went in and while, while they were looking at the place that had been burgled, they found a set of fingerprints. And so they called the forensic team, whatever it's called. He told me this story on the phone, actually. 'cause I, I was texting him of like, how could you never have told Me this? The fuck? What in the fucking fuck? And He was like, we never talk. You're the most, you're, you're you're always In Los I, Los Angeles. I've, yeah. Stop using me for crimes. And then I was like, too bad. Tell me the story. I'm sorry. You've been boring the whole time I've known you and now suddenly you're Interesting. No, this is, these are the, all my cousins are fun. But he tells me, so they find a fingerprint on the window sill.


They call the guy the team to come and get it. And then that fingerprint leads to the identification of Richard Ramirez. Dude, because, so you know how he started in LA then he went up to San Francisco, then he went back down to la. Okay. So when he was in San Francisco, that fingerprint basically helped identify him. Holy shit. And my cousin Marty was one of the two cops That were there. They had that technology then where they could like send fingerprints to places. I guess. So, I mean, it was like the late 90, it was the late eighties. Yeah. I think it was 89. Like fax, Fax machines were in their prime. They faxed over the request. Yeah. That's Dude, that's so Cool.


It was super exciting to me. And I go, why didn't you ever tell me this? And he goes, no one's ever asked me about this. Or you just a book you need To read. Couple people Talked about it. Book. Yeah, that's what I said. And the interesting thing he said was that in that break-in, Richard Ramirez stole a couple things from this. You know, the marina's like super nice part of San Francisco. There was a girl sleeping downstairs and he didn't know thank fucking God. And he didn't go downstairs. If he had gone downstairs, she would be dead. And also, those Are my favorite stories. I know. She, she never even knew he was there. So she was like the luckiest. And also, while he, while Richard Ramirez was in San Francisco, there was my cousin, my, my cousin Marty's daughter.


Kathleen told me this because she said she's always been scared to pull her car into a garage. She has to. Yes. You have to walk out of it. You, Well, she's like, anytime I, there's a garage, I immediately cl like, yes, turn off the engine, but immediately close the door. Well, They have those garages that don't have doors where you have to pull into them and then walk back out the garage door. And those are very scary. Very scary. So she's like super paranoid of anything similar to that. Because when Richard Ramirez was in San Francisco, there was a woman who got out of her car and he was standing in the front of the garage thing and he shot her. And the bullet was deflected by her keys. Oh my God. And she survived Last night.


A key chain saved my, come on now. Don't, Don't. No, you don't. Elvis just stopped touching me when I said that. Elvis was Like, that's Stupidest thing you've ever said. How dare Mom. So anyway, that was, that was Christmas night. I got to hear all these stories. That's amazing. And it was, it made me so proud to be at Kiff. It was exciting. I'm proud of you. Is is his last name Kiff? Yeah. That's fucking awesome Dude. Marty Kiff, then my cousin. And then Mike is a sheriff. Sheriff. Kilgar. Sheriff. K. Yeah. That's real. Oh my God. My brother was an usher at a movie theater when he was in high school. And so he was Asher the Usher. Asher The Usher. See, dreams come true.


Oh, everything's fine. Everything's gonna be okay In 2017. Well, my second cousin wrote Pink Cadillac. So there we go. The Bruce Springsteen song. Yeah. Is it? Yeah. Pink Cadillac. Cadillac. Yeah. He wrote that. That's awesome. Yeah, he's in the Bay Area too. It's Twins, whatever. Twins. Well, Thanks for tuning in. This is called Family Victories with Karen and Georgia. This is called, we're Not Losers, who we have family are successful. Someone's doing something. The My favorite murder.com has all the, this isn't the end of the show, but No, you know, we're about to get into some heavy fucking shit, so I don't know.


So Yeah, that, so, so take this information with you. There's a website. Go buy a shirt. We have a website. Is there anything, I feel like I just, I should do something where I write stuff down when I think of it throughout the week. Yeah. And then talk to you about It. Like make a list. Yep, sure. Print it out Before we get started with the murders. Just happy 50th episode. Oh My God, Steven. Is this it? Yeah, This is episode 50. Oh my God. Thank God for Steven. Steven, You've been, you mentioned it earlier and I was like, and then just like passed by. I know. And I was like, wait, really? No one should Well mind, I was like, that can't be right. Yeah. This is episode 15. You're hired. Holy. That's good. Shit.


Isn't that great? And then the first episode, I think aired January 15th. Yeah, I found it. I found the, wow. The very first Instagram account that, or Instagram photo on my, on my Instagram that says like, Hey Karen. I started a podcast. I go, listen, I'm gonna post it on the 15th. But that's, That's crazy. It's been almost a full year. Holy shit. And 50 episodes. Yeah, 50 Episodes. That means our live show at the earth. Orthe is gonna be like, it's the 17th. Someone needs to know that It's the 20 My Favorite murder.com. Yeah. Go ahead and visit that website. Oh my God. It's our 50th, isn't it? The 28th? There's the 24th. No, it's Steven.


This Is why we hired you. This is the market edit. Wow. Yeah. Congratulations. Thanks. Congratulations to you two. Thank you. I feel like it's not that hard to make 50 podcasts. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Fucking Kidding me. Oh yeah. That's Great. It's, I mean, it's great because it's doing well and it's not sad. Yep. Yeah. The two, God bless America. Who's going first? Karen can't. Well we just, yeah. What? It's just good. It's cool. It's good. Okay. Yeah. Am I going first this? Wait, what's the date of the Orum show? It's the 21st. 20. No, none of those guesses were right.


Do you know, Vince and I recently had a look at the inscription inside of his wedding ring to remember what day we got married on When your anniversary. And we were both wrong. And that is, inscription is smart. That's a good idea. Yeah. Thank God we did that. 'cause we were both like the sixth. I was like, I think it was the fourth And you And it was the fifth. So fun. That's awesome. We're Fun. Yeah. Oh my gosh. This is when I'm moving out of my apartment. We're back. Sorry. Yeah. What's The whole thing with, it's a nightmare in the apartment before the show started. I have no idea. Like, 'cause it was all you.


Maybe you were upset 'cause you had to move and record. Yeah, maybe it was just a mess. A big mess of boxes and stuff. And probably hot. Who the fuck knows? Yeah. But probably hot. Yeah. Yeah. Packing the mo wasn't fun. So, oh, I miss that apartment. I was wondering when we were gonna get to this. Yeah. The end, the Last episode in, in this apartment? Yeah. Oh, I have a photo of it empty. And this is our 50th episode. That's like a big deal. I think it's a big deal in the episode. And you don't, I still think it's a big deal. 50 is, I guess it's a big deal if you're thinking about human weddings or something like that. 50. Yeah. Yeah. Can you imagine whispering to us, you're gonna do 500, You're gonna do more than five.


You're gonna Do this for the rest of your life. There are so many corrections corners in this episode, Because we're gonna do my story first. I call it the Somerset Man over and over again. It's not the Somerset Man. No. Which is a place in California and a place in the uk. Is that what you were thinking of? No, Probably not. Maybe, I don't know. Yeah, just sounds similar. But Yeah. I mean, it's me apologizing for calling the Sandra Bullock movie. Oh yeah. Six week notice. But I actually said eight weeks notice. And the movie is called Two Weeks Notice. And whoever made, I think it was Sabrina who made this note, it says, while claiming to be her number one fan.


So I am the ultimate hypocrite because I don't know the names of her movies. And I still will absolutely try to take credit for being her number one fan. I don know Though, does that, do both things have to be true? No. Like you don't have to know them all. I mean, thanks for letting me off the hook. Yeah. I feel like the real Bullhead would be like, get the fuck out of here if you don't even know two weeks notice. Well, maybe I'm just have like PTSD from dudes going, what? What songs did the the band sing if you Oh, you really like them? What songs? And I don't know the names of songs in three albums. Yeah. Yeah. Because like, you know, people just record it on tape so you don't know the names of the song. Right. It's fine. I'm not looking at the fucking liner of the notes like a dork. Okay. I'm not here to prove my fandom to you.


Another fan. Right. It can't be done. But then we don't even need to spend time with that correction corner. 'cause I immediately say that Dan Brown murdered Harvey Milk instead of Dan White. Which is a horrible thing to say about the man who wrote my favorite book. Yeah. The Da Vinci Code. Just kidding. Oh, you love Da Vinci Code and Sandra Bullock. Like those are Karen's. I mean, it's who I am as a person. Do you ever Need her security questions for passwords? Da Vinci. 3, 5, 4, 9. All right, let's do It. Okay. So now we're gonna get into Georgia's story about the Summer 10 Man.


That's right. We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're root. And we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive. Using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for the towels.


Summer's here. And if you're over the age of 11, guess what? You still have to wear shoes. Mm. Might as well get comfortable with Bombas Getting serious about running Bombas. Athletic socks are designed to fight blisters wick sweat and keep you comfortable whether you're on mile one or Marathon training. If You're planning your summer vacation, they even have socks that can make international flights bearable. Bombas compression socks help curb aches and keep those legs energized for all the sightseeing ahead. Headed To a wedding, Bombas has ultra soft dress socks that work with heels or hard sole shoes so you can stay comfy and keep dancing. And You know what goes great with new summer socks, fresh white t-shirts, waterproof slides, and a few pairs of buttery soft underwear. Bombas makes all of that too. That's really true. I actually got some t-shirts and some underwear the last time we got sent some Bombas stuff. 'cause I have so many of their socks and love them. And all of the other stuff is as high quality. Just like it's your go-to thing. Super soft, super comfortable, great to wear. It is. I love those undies. Sorry I said undies. Head over to Bombas dot com slash mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm. Code MFM at checkout Bombas dot com slash mfm And use code mfm. Goodbye.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trad wife. But let's be honest, we all need reliable Wireless. And that's where Visible comes in. Visible Is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the go Visible Runs on Verizon's 5G network. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible Plus Pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus it's all digital. You manage your plan in the app And you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan, starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Steven. Part of your new job that we're hiring you for is that you need to remember who went first last time. Shit Guy. Brandon went first last year, right? Oh, that's right. No one went first. New Year. New year. Fresh start. All right. Rock, paper, scissors. That's right. Okay. 1, 2, 3. Hit. Yeah. Okay. 1, 2, 3. Hit. Fuck. 1, 2, 3, hit. I got, Alright. First we got scissors and then I got paper and she got rock. Just guys for for those, for those watching at home. Yep. For those who have to know. All right. Right. Well this one is like, I didn't wanna do this one because I feel like, well, everyone know, like I do this a lot where it's like, well, I've been obsessed since I was a kid. So I'm like, everyone knows this thing, but people keep asking us to do it and it's fucking fascinating.


And there's information that one doesn't know about. So I'm like, I gotten it and I got really into it. Okay, cool. So this is the, the Tamon showed Oh yes. The Somerset man, we have just talked about this, but we haven't gone into detail. Right. So there's some really interesting info about it. Awesome. So I'm gonna get through the beginning and have you solved it? I've solved it. Oh, great. Okay. Well, of course, I, I in my head have solved it. Of course. You know, know exactly what, yeah. Okay. So on the morning of December 1st, 1948, a man's body is found on Somerton Beach, which is in Australia. It's, it's near Adelaide, which is like fucking has the best serial killers.


He, the dead man is, is leaned up against a wall. He's on the beach, leaned up against a wall, he's wearing a suit and tie. He is well dressed. There's an unlit cigarette on, resting on his collar as if he was just like about to smoke. And then it fell out of his mouth when he died, you know. Oh, I know. So his feet are crossed. There's no signs of struggle or distress. And people walking by had seen him and thought he was just drunk. He was like propped up that way. He had no, no identification on him. What he had on him was an unused rail ticket or a bus ticket, a comb, gum, cigarettes, and a scrap of paper with the phrase Taman.


Shoot. It's, it's hard to find out exactly how to say this. Tam Shuud spell it. T-A-M-A-N-S-U-A s H UD. It's, it's, it's not. Okay. It means finished in Persian. Okay. And the labels had been clipped from his clothing. So the autopsy doesn't find a cause of death, but notes that he was in his forties, he had a fit physique And that they said that he had strong and high calf muscles as if he were a dancer, just like me. Alright. But you can tell those things supposedly.


So they take his railway ticket and they find his suitcase at the train station, and they know it's his, because a spool of thread inside the case matches the thread that he had used to repair one of his pockets. And in the suitcase is a shaving kit, clothes and a coat with stitching that was specific to us tailoring. So they thought he was from the US also, he had Wrigley's Juicy Fruit Gum. Oh, that's American. What if this whole time, this had just been an ad for Wrigley's Juicy for gum. And they're like, you can't tell it apart anymore. And only American men chewed it back then, or Australian men didn't. So, okay. So the paper, the Tom and was torn out of a poetry book, a Persian poetry book that was extremely rare.


Rare. And local librarians identified the phrase as the very last two words. It's the Ruby Yacht of Omar Caye. It's a book of poems from the 12th century by a Persian poet. And the theme of this book is that one should live their lives to the fullest and have no regrets when it ends any fucking men. And the, the very last line, it's almost like saying the end was Tom and Schu, which is finished. And for some fucking reason that was in his pocket. Okay. So a dude comes forward and says that he had actually found a, this this book in the backseat of his car around the same time and around the same place.


Like someone had tossed this book into the backseat of his car. And it had the, those two last words ripped out of it. And in the book that the guy had found were a bunch of lines that were code. It seemed to be code, they didn't make any sense, but they're all capital letters. And the letters all kind of seem like how English words would start. So the theory is that the Somerton man was poisoned. There was no trace of poison found in his system. But the pathologist who performed the autopsy said that his spleen had grown to three times its normal size And that his liver was damaged.


And he said, quote, I am convinced the death could not have been natural. And he said the poison I suggested was a barbiturate or a soluble hypnotic, which is sleeping pills. And, but no foreign substance was found in his body. But most of these barbiturates like kind of go away within a couple days. So it seems like he was poisoned, but there was no poison actually found in his body. And then code breakers have tried to solve the code that's in the actual book. And like, okay, so there's these, these like a bunch of letters and they think it stands for it's time to move south, it's time to move to South Australia, Mosley Street.


Which is like so stupid. And I think that they just made up like, it sounds ridiculous. The letters are I, t, t and T and they came up with it that way to Mosley Street. Well you're just saying it seems like they're just reaching for something. Yeah. That it could mean. Yes. But how whomever, however, there's also a phone number, an unlisted phone number in the book, and it belongs to a former Army nurse who lives on Mosley Street. Oh, not so stupid. Maybe. No. Well maybe they knew that afterwards and made that up, because that's the stupidest thing I've ever heard. Okay. Why? I don't know. It's just like, that's all Well, because is it because it's like the secret code and then all it says is like a place, it's like not even that interesting.


Yeah. Or it's time to move to South Australia, Mosley Street. Why would anyone need to code that? Well, maybe the, maybe it doesn't mean what it sounds like it means like, maybe it's code within code where it's Like Yeah. Where it's like move means something sinister. Okay. So the, the down down the street from where he dies is Mosley Street, where it's a five minute walk to where the person whose phone number where she lives. Her name is Joe Thompson and she lives on Moseley Street. She, when the cops go there, she's like, I don't know who he is, but actually I gave that exact book to Lieutenant Alfred Box Boxall, who she had served with.


So she doesn't know who this person is. There's this fucking rare book of poems that she had given to someone she had served with. And you don't, in World War ii, don't just give a person a book of Poems. No, no, no. They were probably boning. Right. I mean, that's not, you're not like, oh, here's the Ruby Yacht. Yeah. See you later, pal. No, I give everyone a copy of fucking Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy that I fall in love with. No, no I don't poems. I mean, I've done it, but I don't, poems Are a big deal. Yeah. If someone gives you a book of poems, they're into you. And it's like a, it's a rare book of beautiful poems. Yeah. She spent like 40 bucks at a bookstore For sure. Yeah. Yeah.


So she's like, I dunno who that is, but that book sounds familiar. I gave it to this dude. And so they, they're like, well this dude must be the, the Somerset man. But then he turns up in 49 and he still has his copy of his book and it's attacked. So it's not him. But he has a copy of the book. Like, you know him. Okay. So they, people Could, could he, sorry, could he just as a cover have gotten a second copy at some point? Or Like, what if it was just like, they show a photo of it and it's like duct taped into the fucking last page of the book. You just like, Just really shitty scotch With crayon. Yep. And it's like written in crayon. It is, it is Finished next time.


No exclamation point. Yes, totally. Yes. What you're saying. So people started to speculate that Lieutenant Boxall was working for the military intelligence at the time, and maybe the Somerton man was a Soviet spy and he was poisoned by Boxall or some other agent. So he went to visit this woman who had given this man a copy of the book and they were all spies and made, you know, it's like, it's really interesting. Okay. But box all himself dismisses a quote as it's quite a melodramatic thesis. Say that in Australian voice. I don't, I can't. Oh, it's, I can't. No, I can't.


I They always sound like everything goes up at the end. They, no matter what they're saying, they sound like they're kind of excited. Yeah. Even when they're, that's why I was listening. I told you I was listening to case file Yeah. Over the break when I drove to San Francisco. Oh, that's great. And to listen to somebody very seriously talk about murder, but have their incl the intonation go up at the end is so enjoyable to me because It's like an exclamation mark at the end of every sentence. Yeah. It just kind of sounds like everything's all right even though it's murder. Do You know what happened over the, I forgot to tell you this. At New Year's Eve, I was at Joe Rosa's house and there was an Australian girl there who was from Adelaide. And I was like, I did the thing of you guys have great murders. And she was, she wasn't like, yeah, here's what I remember.


She was like, oh, ugh. I know. Bye. She was very sweet. She Was very sweet. But Bye. Australia has the best murders. Yes. Like, tell me about them And 1 million of them. So in 2009, speaking of University of Adelaide, professor Derek Abbott, who's like this dude who's like the dude like, who's obsessed with this now. Like nowadays he's the guy. Cool. You know what I mean? And he's a professor that'll help. Yeah. And he's a professor at University of Adelaide and he's like, I'm gonna solve this. Which sometimes is like bad 'cause you're like tunnel vision. But it's still interesting. Still Get into it. So Derek Abbott thinks that the key to the code is in the actual book that they found, but the addition that was on was near on The Somerset Man is so rare that they can't find it a copy of that to like, know if it matches up.


Like, you know, when they, they change chapters and they change wording and they change the translation later. Yeah. Like we can't find a book that that's old, old enough to like match up to this book. Which is cool. Like it could be, I don't know, it could be in there, but it's not in the ones that we can buy. Which I'm like, can you imagine going to fucking news bookstore and finding that book and like, Wait. And also like, have put on an a PB of like, does anybody have the Ruby? Look up your grandma's library. Karen, please send. So you know the Ruby, you fucking know about this. What? The Ruby yacht? Like that was amazing that you I didn't know what it was Called. Oh, oh, Oh. Yeah. It's all knowledge. That doesn't help me in any way Except for on your podcast.


Oh, hi. I'm sorry. Except for on your career podcast. Where was I? Okay, so the original autopsy report, guess what? It's lost. They always get lost. The government won't exhume the body. And Abbott's trying really hard to get them to exhume the body for DNA testing. What's the problem? Well, Here that they won't do it. Yeah. Because they think, they don't think it'll catch a murderer. That's their thing is like what? It's like if, if there will be clues, negatives to murder to a murderer, they'll exhume it. But if it's just to, to figure out some mysterious clue, they won't do it.


But Okay. Which is like, it's gotta be expensive to exhume a body, right? Yes. And I understand that they don't wanna disturb. It's, that's there's a whole thing. But like, yeah. Okay. I, I see that it Needs, can I go on record and say, disturb the shit outta my body if there's some fucking mysterious clue that needs to be solved, please. Oh, I'll dig you up so fast. Claw me out. Call me. I'm gonna have a note tape to my body. I'm not gonna tell you what it is. I'm gonna get you one of those plots where you can just, it's never fully buried. Like you can just keep bringing the body up on the little elevator. Do you know about how they used to, there were so many, there were so many bodies that got buried that were still alive at a certain point that they started burying people with bells.


Yes. Right? Yes. So that if the bell, that it was a bell in the coffin that went up to the Surface Surface. So they, if you were fucking buried alive, you would ding it. But then so many people would start decomposing with their finger in the bell. 'cause they put it in there And the gases would move shit around And the food ding the bell. How creepy would that be to like, be the night fucking monitor and just be like dingy, ding ding, ding. Every and like, which one's are real and which one's not. Now this was around that time. This is like 1800 right? S 1800 Spot me. Yeah. Yeah. Where like, everything was just so creepy back then. Yeah. Everything was creepy. It was like ni it was always night. Yes. It was always night.


Women always had black lace nails over their faces. Plagues Everywhere. They're dead children. Piles of Dead children. Oh my God. Like you expect your kids to die like you're alive. You, you just knew it. You'd be like, Hey, let's call you Timmy, who really knows I'm gonna farm you out to this rich couple to be their servant. Goodbye. Just By ultimately. Yeah. Okay. Good luck. Fuck. So dark. Everything sucks, but it's the best. But it sucks. You know what I mean? Da da da. Autopsy report is lost. Okay. All right. Cool. So, so Abbott notices, like in the photos of the Somerset man, he notices a couple things about him that are strange. One is that his upper ear, like the, this part right here that I'm pointing at that you can't see on the podcast is, is, is strangely shaped.


And the formation is, is shared by less than 2% of Caucasian. So the upper lobe of the ear is larger than the lower lobe of the ear, which is rare. Okay. Really less than 2%. Do You ever do that thing where, you know, ears are really the thing, the identifier of people, like when you, you know, when they always have that thing where it's like, is Nicholas Cage a time traveler? Here's a picture of him from Civil War. His ear Doesn't Stick out. Those ears don't match. And you can like, immediately, if you see And you think, could these two people be the same? Check the ears first. Or Like a little like a kid corpse that like, it went missing and like there's a, the photo of the kid and there's a, the photo of his body and they're like, well, his ear doesn't stick out. The ear doesn't, that's it. They look exactly the same. Yeah.


Fuck dude. That's cool. Although I know a guy in high school who got fucking taped my ears back surgery. Oh yeah. Oh, that's true. Isn't That sad? No, but that was not, now they don't do that now. Although they guess they could if they like kidnapped a kid and like fixed his Ears. Well, I mean, yeah. You'd have to Yeah. Every, there's so many possibilities in this life, just I know, I love that. Okay. So he looks at the body and he is like, here are the ears, these are wrong. And also he had a condition in which the, so these certain teeth are missing in the front so that you're incisors, your pointy guys are right next to your two front teeth. Yeah. Instead of having a buffer.


Yep. Right. So it's just like fang and it's, again, less than 2% of the population have this. And I think it's hereditary. They don't prove anything on their own. But, so, but Derek Abbott examines photos of the, the, of the son of the woman whose phone number is in the book, who claims to have nothing to do with him. Her fucking kid. Robin has those same fucking abnormalities. Both, Both ear and teeth. Both Shit. And in addition to that, guess what he does for a fucking living? He's a ballerina. Yep. Are you kidding?


I'm not fucking kidding. Okay. Blown mind. Am I wrong? What is she doing? Why won't she be honest? Because Something went wrong. Because maybe she was a spy and so was he. And he came back around and was like, what's up? I'm here in town. Because he was in town for a sh like, he came into town. Like they had bus tickets and, and the suitcase thing that showed that he was just fucking visiting. So he came into town for her. Oh, if you, if you believe these theories. Yes. So he came into town to confront her or to see her, or to fucking threaten her or to fucking blackmail her or whatever. Or to make her a nice dinner. Yeah. And she was like, I don't, I don't want dinner.


I'm gonna put poison in your food. Whoa. Something. All right. Oh Yeah. Because he Was poisoned And could have been her. That's why she's lying. It doesn't come up ever in any, any webpage that you find, but in my mind, yeah. It could have fucking Been her. Well, she's in the mix. She's in up in that mix. Okay. So, so his daughter, so her daughter, her, her son, Robin, who they think is the kid passes away in 2009. And his daughter Kate, is on 60 Minutes in 2013 saying that his grandma had fucking known this dude, the Summerton man, And that they both might have been spies.


And she had no evidence of that. But she also said that she thought that this guy was her dad's father. Huh? Yeah. Like she, the, the granddaughter believes it the best. Like, I love this part of the story. Maybe I should save it. It's like a really Okay. For what next week? I don It's Just cute. No, for the end. 'cause it makes it less sad. Oh. Oh, okay. Yeah. I'm gonna save it. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, so they're trying to get Australian government to exhume the body. They won't fucking do it. He looks British in parents. He's his age. He's in good physical. I don't know. This is all, You know, like they're saying there's no reason to do it. Yeah. It, he, maybe he wasn't murdered.


The thing is that the kid was a fucking ballet dancer. And the original autopsy said he had great calfs and looked like a fucking ballet dancer, which is like, and those two other fucking things. Come on. Please do, do, do. So let's see. I didn't edit this as well as I should have. Okay. Okay. So they're, they're now trying to test the DNA of the daughter of this woman, I mean the granddaughter of this woman, but they don't have the DNA of the Somerton man. So, but they think that they're related. Okay. So the DNA n was, do they Have anything of him? Do you know?


I they, they made a bust of his face. Hmm. And you can go online and see a really ama I think what an amazing fucking autopsy face photo. This like post postmortem fa like photo. And to me, I mean, and this is so stupid, I've always thought he looks like my grandfather who was a Eastern European immigrant. Huh. Like, I've always thought he looks like that. So maybe he was a spy for fucking Germany and World War ii, but who knows? So, oh, so in the bus they made of him, there's some hairs left, but I don't think they can get the DNA out of it. So that's why they're trying to exhume him. But they, they test the DNA of the granddaughter. And it turns out that, that she might be related to like Thomas Jefferson, which if, if it is, if he is related, he's from America.


Oh, okay. Basically. So Didn't we know that from the juicy fruit element? Yeah, we thought that. But also it's interesting because if they find someone who is related and they have an uncle who disappeared, then we'll fucking know who it is. Oh, yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Which is really cool. They believe she had an affair. They were, maybe they were spies, maybe they weren't. But the fucking best part of this whole story. So that's what, that's basically what it is. We don't know that I, the last news story I can get from this is from October of 2016. Oh. And it says they're testing the DNA and this and the doctor who seems really fucking cool named Fitzpatrick, her last name. It's a, she, she, her name is Fitzpatrick, is gonna do a whole thing about it.


And she never did. And I can't find it. But so the granddaughter, Kate and Derek Abbott, who's trying to find the DNA and the story of this, the Professor Got married Yes. Had three babies. What fell in love? What? How cute is that? What If he's just using her? He's not for DNA Every night. She's like, I just, I have these dreams of my cheek being swabbed And I just like, what? No, I just like Q-tips. I love plucking your hair, darling. I mean, who hasn't had a boyfriend Who wants to pluck your hair? Am I wrong? Everybody's gone through that. Yeah. And there's always a bowl in the toilet that catches your teeth.


It's just a thing. It's standard. That's actually very sweet. So like, he goes to like, he goes there to like fucking find out what's going on and I'm gonna interview the granddaughter. And she's like, here's his information and I believe it too. And then they're, and then they make out, and Then they're just like in the stacks trying to find whole files and Stuff. Oh. And she's really, how cute is that? Oh my God. It's precious. That's like the best. Like that's, so you'd read a book about that and you'd be like, come on, Shut up. Well, also, because everything about else about this case is so frustrating. First of all, are we sure we haven't done this before? Because I feel like all of that was familiar. We've it's probably, we've talked About it. We've talked about it. I know. I listened to it on Thinking Sideways. Yes. It's for sure.


It's, that's why I didn't wanna do it, is it's, this thing happened. Like, okay. I wanna say like when Jamie Lee was on the live episode, she did a story that I think is fascinating that I would never do because I feel like I, we need to do stories that nobody knows about. I disagree. I know, I know. And I agree with that. And when Jamie said she was gonna do it, the audience fucking cheered. Yeah. And I was like, oh, we can actually do stories that people know about. Totally. We're just like gonna find it. I know. I totally know. Totally. So when I found that out, I was like, But then me just saying this right now, I like convincing you otherwise, basically. No, you're correct. Oh, I totally think you're correct. No, I mean, me saying it sounds familiar. No, I mean I did JonBenet, like I can do this.


Yeah, Yeah, It's fine. So yeah, I just, what was the point? Oh yeah. So we've heard about it. You and I have heard about it. I said to Vince, have you ever heard about this case? And he was like, no, no. Well also, it's so vague. It's like, so a dead guy is there and he's got these weird items on him. And he may be this, and he may be that, but he might just be a dead guy. Dude, that like, there's you, like a lot of stuff, a lot of like way things have been painted on. Like he could be a spy and it could be this, and it could be that, it could be just a dead guy. They didn't find poison in his body. Right. He could have, he could have killed himself. Yeah. I mean, he splayed himself out one night, just spleen out. Had To spleen yourself.


You better spleen yourself to me. Right. Spleen yourself. No, it, it's one of those stories that I think everyone knows the first three paragraphs of Yes. From like Snopes or whatever. Yeah. Or from fucking Reddit. But the like, weird details of it. And the people like this guy who are still trying to fucking figure it out, who I think are gonna be disappointed when they find out. Well, Also, I think it's the fear. I think the interest is everyone has the fear. What if for some reason you died and no one could figure out who you were? That's so cool. What a sad, weird thing that would be. Oh, I think it's cool. You do? Yeah. I think it, to me, like in it sounds like what's, it's true that he impregnated this woman.


He came to confront her somehow. Who knows how he knew her, why she said she didn't know him. Those things are suspicious. Suspicious to me. Whatever happened was a bummer. And he went and killed himself or drank himself to death or some fucking thing and died there. Yeah. And she, it's just weird that she wouldn't admit to knowing him. Maybe she didn't want scandal of, of being pregnant. Oh, yeah. Outta wedlock. I don't know. It's fascinating. The summer Summerton, man. What is, what's the actual name of it? It's the, The, the name of the whole case is the Tom shoot. But his, he's being called the what man? Summerton man. Summerton man. Because that's the beach he was found on.


Okay. Summerton Beach. And I feel like if I ever did a corrections corner, I'd have a lot of them for next fucking Week. Hey, come on over to the corner. We have a great time over here. Yes. Welcome. Who cares? Okay, we're back. Do you have any case updates for the Summerton man? I Do. And as I said in 2017, there are also corrections. So here we go. In 2018, using the strands of hair that were pulled from the Summerton man's plaster bust, Derek Abbott and Dr. Colleen Fitzpatrick were, were able to finally extract a DNA sample, which is like so fascinating. By 2022, they had used this sample to painstakingly build out a family tree with more than 4,000 people on it before landing on what they believe is the Summerton man's name, Carl Webb, which they have a fucking name finally.


And I guess he goes by Charles Abbott. And Dr. Fitzpatrick theorized that Webb, who was from Melbourne and worked as an electrical engineer, came to South Australia to find his ex-wife Dorothy Jean Robertson, after she fled their home. Mm. According to their divorce papers, he was moody, violent, and wrote many poems about death, claiming it was his greatest desire. But there are still many questions, including how he died. It's still unclear if his death was a suicide, natural causes or foul play. This just sounds like one of the historical fictions that I love to read that like, say what happened? And I love this. It's just fascinating. I mean, it's super weird that a person would be judged by the terrible poetry they write in life.


That's so not fair. If you're A violent man, that's what you get. Well, I that's very true. The rest of his history belies something different. But writing bummer poetry doesn't really dictate who you are as a person. And then back in 2021, as Fitzpatrick and Abbott were still building out the Family Tree, Adelaide authorities exhume the Summerton Man's body while conducting their own separate investigation into his identity. But it's unclear where the police investigation stands as of May, 2025. And in any case, the police released a statement acknowledging their identification with a spokesperson, emphasizing that the department was, quote, still actively investigating the Somerton Man coronial matter. Hmm. So some people don't believe it.


Wow. Some people are skeptics, but, But he is identified. They're saying Yeah, they're saying he's not. Yeah. I think that maybe they're still investigating his death, but they agree that that's who it is. Okay. I don't know. And then also a minor correction, professor Derek Abbott did not marry the daughter of nurse Joe Kate, which I'm so, like, we loved that piece, I think. Yeah. He married Robin's daughter, Rachel Egan. So there's still romance happening in the Summerton Man story, which is exciting. Yeah. And That's good. All right. So we now know who he is. Yeah. I mean, at least like a years, decades long mystery is solved. Yeah. Satisfying. If that, if that is who he Is. Yeah. Definitely. All right, let's get into Karen's story.


One of your famous cult stories. The Bogan Tree Rajni.


Oh, Hey. Good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed. The ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver. And that means you could get better rates with Route Insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just to slam on their brakes or the lead foot Speeding to work every day with Route Insurance, you'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app. Drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks, and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's Route Insurance Terms and conditions apply. Subject to underwriting reviews. See route.com for detailss.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid. Unplugging maybe spending some time as a trad wife. But let's be honest, we all need reliable wireless. And that's where Visible comes in. Visible Is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the Go Visible Runs on Verizon's 5G Network. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're Talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible Plus Pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus It's all digital. You manage your plan in the app And you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan, starting at $25 a month for Their best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


It's April, 2020. A woman announces on Facebook that she has COVI and won't be seeking medical attention. I didn't wanna be talked out of this plan. Then she disappears. Anyone else think this is strange? I just had to know how did this happen? Listen to what happened to Lina Czar on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Alright, do you wanna hear mine? Mine's weird This week, and this is the one I've been working on for so many weeks and I never, I can never figure out how to put it toge. It's like such a long Ted Bunney involved thing. No, no, it's weird. Okay. It's the Bgan Sri Raj niche and the Raj Niche purum community that they set up in Central Oregon in the early eighties. I know some of those words. Alright, let me walk you through it. No, it's, oh my God, I'm, it's just a tiny bit excited and it's not, there's not an actual murder. It's attempted murder. Okay. But the whole thing is so crazy.


And it's a story. It's a new story. I remember standing it front of the tv, watching and listening to my parents get super weirded out because essentially what happened was this so good. The Bgan tree Rajni was born in 1931 as Chandra Mohan Jane, JAIN. And he began his career as a philosophy professor in India. And in the sixties, he traveled throughout India as a public speaker. And he was a critic of socialism. He was a critic of Gandhi and institutionalized religions. He often spoke against Jesus, calling him both a salesman and a mad man.


Oh. And he transitioned from professor to guru when he noticed there's a lot of money to be made off of unhappy wealthy westerners that would come to India searching for spiritual meaning in their lives. Amen. So he, he soon, he built a thriving enterprise with his lectures and group therapies. He was pro materialism. What? Yeah, he was like change. He was the change it up guru. So he was pro Somewhat. I I just see the meme of him like sitting on fire and it just That's right. Change it up With his big weird eyes. He was pro materialism. He was an, I said anti organized religion.


And he was an advocate for a more open attitude toward human sexuality. Oh yeah. He Was, he was. I mean, if he could only see Tumblr today, he would be so proud of the leaps and bounds. To me. That's him saying, you have to fuck me. Well, that's exactly, you know what I mean? Right. Well, he got, he became known as the sex guru in the press, which his argument was, I've written two books on human sexuality and 38 books on meditation. But you call me the Sex Guru. 'cause he is, he was all about how westerners were soan and stuffy. He's clearly never was fucking watched Bob's burgers and drank a glass of wine, which is like sometimes better than sex.


You know? I mean, I mean, it could be argued, but, but he was doing things like, he was getting his little groups together and then suddenly the idea was maybe you're so, you're so pent up about your sex that maybe people need to have sex in front of me. Oh. So that we all stop being so pent up about sex. It's basically this, this whole thing is the study in, you know, ultimate power corrupts up, absolute power corrupts up. Absolutely. Get, Get it wrong. Beautiful words from It's the easiest saying to remember because it's the same words at the beginning of the end. And I still got it wrong. Absolute power corrupts Absolutely. So also he had millions of dollars in unpaid taxes.


So he had to get the fuck outta India. How did he Have money To begin with? He was, because he was charging all these people to come and be in his classes and workshops and listen to his, him giving these speeches, learn how to meditate. Yoga hadn't been a thing yet. So they were learning about yoga was like the secret, you know, amazing practice. That was how cool Would it be to like, for like, I have a couple thousand bucks, but to be millions in fucking debt. Like you are living your best life. Hells yes. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. 'cause you're beyond. Yeah. You're not like, you don't live in a fucking hovel. No, no, not at all. I Wanna owe millions. You Will someday. Thank you. So what they did was they decide they're gonna leave India and come to America.


And so the plan is that he's gonna build a utopian city for himself and 2000 of his followers in south central Oregon. Yes. It makes perfect sense to me too. Well, so it's not south central Oregon is empty. They were basically three hours east of Salem, east and south of Salem. So they were in this kind of central valley that was super empty. It was just a bunch of ranches and a lot of the ranches had fallen into disrepair. So they were, they were, it was almost like a desert ish situation because they had just like over grazed the fields and stuff like that.


It was all very brown and kind of shitty. Oh Yeah. So thanks guys. Right. So they move in and the plan was they were gonna build housing compounds, warehouses and support buildings so that their business enterprises that were once based in India could move to South Central Oregon. And they initially applied for a permit to build housing for 90 people. But soon they, they moved there and the numbers were in the hundreds immediately. And when he arrived, the bgan, tri Raj Niche, he came to America and he was on a three, he was doing a three year silent, I don't know, meditation or whatever.


He wasn't talking. And so his voice was a woman named Ma Anand. Sheila, her real name was Sheila Patel. She came from a very wealthy family in India, and she was kind of like his right hand man. And so she, she made the deal to buy the big muddy ranch in right outside of Antelope in Oregon. And she was soft spoken and charming. And she hosted a dance in the nearby town of Madris where cowboys partied until dawn. She curried favor buying 50 head of cattle from the Wasco County Commissioner, even though the commune was vegetarian.


You know, she was like making deals Yeah. Kissing babies. And she basically closed the deal so that they could build their, their farming commune. But what she didn't know was that Oregon had very strict state zoning laws that really limited how many people and buildings could be erected onto ranch land based on the amount. So as this development grew, they, they kept having to apply for more building permits and they kept going to the politicians and saying, oh, you know, we're just a, we're just a farming commune, but we need more living quarters for the workers because this is, there's so much abused range land that we need more people to help us fix it.


And the problem was that they were basically a bunch of rich, like college educated, well off kind of like it was pre yuppie. It was early yuppie. It Was like post hippie Yeah. Pre yuppie. Yeah. Yeah. They were the people, they were the big, the people that eventually became yuppies. Yeah. That were like, oh, we don't have to live on the commune, we can just go to yoga classes. Yeah. But at that time they were kind of like, they had the hangover from the sixties of like the, the whole hippie thing had fallen apart. Yeah. And then the Vietnam War bummed everybody out. Yeah. And that's why a lot of people went to India in the first place to be like, what the fuck is life?


Like, what is anybody doing? And Suddenly taxes were for them, were fucking nothing. What do you mean? Like, they had Reagan, so taxes were Rich were Oh, right. Nothing. And they were doing things like, yeah. They had, they were rich. So they would sell their Porsche and send their money to the ranch. Oh. And then go live there. And they didn't, they just worked for free. So it was like they were giving all their materialistic stuff. They were like, well, I'm gonna help out and that's gonna make me feel better spiritually. Yeah. And then they can kind of escape like the, the structured world of taxes and having a job and all that stuff. They're gonna put their whole life into this commune with The safety net of knowing that they could fucking leave it at any point if they wanted to.


Yeah. 'cause their parents still live in a really nice house in like Marina Delrey or whatever. They all had to wear red, pink, red or maroon clothing. Oh. And when they joined up, like the, this was the change, they would, I can't, I can't, there's a word for it. Joining up is not it. But like, they would go through like something and then initiation, it's like an initiation. The bog wash fage niche would put a Mandela around their neck, which is a beaded wooden necklace that would've a big picture of them. Of him on the, on it. And so they were like all the, so all these people wearing red with these wooden bead necklaces suddenly start showing up in central Oregon.


That sounds true. And if you've ever been to anywhere like this, or even central California. Yeah. It's like a little strip of Arkansas right here on the west coast. Yeah. Like, it's very farm, it's very Republican, it's very conservative. It's, it's people who live far away from other people. They like things their way and they don't want a bunch of fucking weirdo rich hippies in red clothing coming into their town 30, 40, 80 at a time. And that's exactly what was happening. So it's kind of awesome because, and they were all wearing red, so, and like with shit in their hair and like, and they weren't, it wasn't a hippie thing.


Like they weren't like drugged out and like, Hey, free peace, love. They were kind of like trying to, trying to take over a little bit. Did you see, did you watch The Leftovers? I did. I like the first, I'd say the first seven episodes of The first, but like the people in the white clothing that were Like the smoking cult. Yeah. Yes. It Sounds like that to me. Yeah. Which is so creepy. Where they kind of, like, when you see there's tons of great documentaries about this whole thing and there's great footage, but it's, there is a lot of that. Like, there's a little of the leftover in like dancing in Golden Gate Park, like ex ecstatic dancing and group kind of hangouts and stuff. But it's so much more, there's so much more of a business aspect to it.


Mm. You can tell that they're trying to monetize spirituality. Yeah. Well the difference between a seventies cult and an eighties cult is so, probably so fucking different. Right? Yeah. For sure. And this one had that thing of like, they just started showing up in droves and freaking locals out badly. Sure. And, and in their weird red clothing. And they were kind of like, even the, the one documentary I was watching, the guy who now is probably in his like late sixties, seventies gray hair, like clearly not in it anymore. But, so they were just aggressive 'cause they were just so quick to be like, well you, you were racist or you were against our religion, or you were anti, you know, you were xenophobic or whatever.


Yeah. It's like, yeah, maybe except for that. If you were starting a commune with 90 people, that's one thing. Yeah. But basically it, they ended up having 2000 followers. Jesus. And you, this ranch infiltrated the town. They infiltrated a town. Antelope and Madris were their like, kind of their two closest towns. And so basically what happened is, instead of it being a small commune, they, it turned into this big thing and they had to keep going to the city and, and applying for more permits and more permits and saying, we need it for this. We need, oh, sorry. We didn't realize And we just need it for this. And so the city had to start going, no. Like, this is crazy. We you, this, this land is not zoned for you guys to start a city essentially.


And the, at first they were trying to be, they didn't want to come off as like hicks and like people who were like against outsiders. They didn't want to come off bad. Also, them coming there, they actually did the thing that they were saying they were building, they built a dam. They brought the water table up. Wow. Like the whole, the entire valley that they lived in became bright green. Wow. When you see these, it's kind of amazing. These helicopter shots of the area. And it's like bright green. And they have like, or they started organic farming. Holy shit. So it's like kind of a mass organic farming. Yeah. Where somebody in this documentary was saying, once they had everything built up and there was like a main street and there was, there was a mall, they had a mall, they had restaurants.


Oh my God. They would give tours to locals, like, you can come and see what we're doing. We're not like trying to be hide anything that in that around Central Oregon. They'd be like, the only good place to eat is it as Raj. Raj Niche. Purum was the name of the town. Wow. Or you know, would eventually, they tried to make into a town, people would go there to eat because it was like really good organic food. It was kind of like the original, the original farm to table Yeah. Situation. But they were doing it with this, it was a culty version of it, essentially, because they still did, you know, and he also, the bgan tree Rajni would just come out and sit there, but he wasn't talking.


So he wasn't like preaching or saying anything to anybody. They would like, and sometimes he just wouldn't come out at all. Like, so he, in the, when he first got there, he would make appearances, but then after a while he just wasn't doing it. And basically there was just a bunch of people like manual labor farming and doing shit for free and dedicating their whole life to like building up this what eventually was becoming a city. That's what I was thinking is I bet the the locals would be so much more stoked if you were bringing in jobs, but you're not, you're just higher. You know, everyone who just is a fucking cult member is doing it for you. The People it was good for were people that owned backhoes and like big, like Caterpillar earth movers.


There was a couple people it was good for, but not on the whole. No. Yeah. On the whole, it was like, and and the other problem was, so they, they wanted these permits. They wanted to keep expanding and they started get, being told no. So they started infiltrating like the local government. So they would go in and like demand per, they would demand to see permits or files or papers at the Wasco County Courthouse. And there's two people that work there because it's like a courthouse in the middle of nowhere Yeah. In this county that doesn't have that many people. And 40 of them would go down Wow. And be like, we demand to see it. So it started, it, it started off very aggressive and, and of course made, it was already like, you're all wearing red and jumping around.


And now you're like, we wanna see this. We wanna do this. Then they have, they have elections and they end up electing a bunch of the Raj Nishi as they're called onto fuck onto the city council. Oh fuck. Or onto the whatever county, whatever it would be at county. Yeah. People county group. So that they suddenly now are the ones that are, 'cause they're trying to get their people in. Yeah. So that they get told Yes. Smart. Because what they want to do it, they really did wanna build a city and they wanted to bring more and more people there. And they're starting to make serious money. And the other reason they said that they had the tours is because they wanna make sure parents who, like those rich parents we're talking about could come and see where their children were and what they were dedicating their life to.


That it wasn't some secret cult. Yeah. That they could come and shop in the mall and buy a bunch of red clothes if they wanted to or eat their organic pizza or whatever. And that everything was chill. And then they'd dance around ecstatically, there'd be discos, there was like a whole thing. And then they'd leave going, I guess it's fine. And keep on giving them the money. And they were making a shit fucking ton of money. Now the other thing was that the Bgan tree, Raj Niche said when he, he went into silence and he put that woman, ma Anan Sheila, who was also known as Sheila Silverman because she was from India, but she had married an American here.


And she, you know, was an American citizen, I guess she man on Sheila, who everyone called Sheila. She was in charge. And then he had four other women beneath her and they ran the entire city. And his, he, the bgan, tri Rajni said he wanted a city run by women and he wanted Yeah. Like strong, strong women to be in power and what would a city look like if women, if it was a matriarchy, basically. So everyone's kind of like into that idea. Yeah. Because what harm could there be if it, and they had these women that were the tour guides that when you went there to see the cult, your child had just moved to and started wearing all red clothes.


It would be all these beautiful, they call themselves the Twinkies and they would guide you around and be like, here's the look. Here's the mall and here's this. And I'm really pretty and we're all great And we eat lettuce all the time and everything's good. It's our fucking tour, the Twinkie tour. So it's just all, they're trying to make sure people have positive, it's positive PR all the time. Okay. The problem is Uhoh, the Jonestown cult. Yeah. And the Jonestown massacre had only happened three years before. Oh fuck. So aside from locals being locals and not being that into a bunch of hippie weirdos coming into their town, everybody, the press, everybody was scared of anything like that happening in America.


Yeah. And it was close to San Francisco where Jonestown started, right? Yeah. I mean, it, it was Relatively not really Like a, a plane flight away. Okay. A long car right away. Okay. But still, but yes. Closer than other places. Okay. And yes, that's where Gruffy Right. You could drive up the five and get there. Sure. But yes, I mean it's that sensitivity of however many people died at Jonestown. 800, something like that. Hundreds. That they're not gonna just let a bunch of people, you know, getting super into this one religion and starting a city about it. Yeah. Because it's also that thing of the separation of church and state.


Right. And that idea of like what's actually behind this. The other thing too was that they were making so much money that the Bagan Tree Raj Niche, one of his favorite things was Rolls Royces. And so by 1984, he had the largest private collection of Rolls Royce in America. He had 94. Holy thought, who the fuck? I know. And that was his pro materialism thing. It didn't seem like other people got to be very materialistic though. 'cause I don't think they were getting paid to like fucking run those backhoes in like run entire huge lettuce farms or whatever. You don't fucking buy 94 Royals rices with fucking lettuce farms.


No, no. There's some serious cash getting stacked that he gets to spend. So his thing was, he, they were, because they, the relationship between the citizens of Central Oregon and the Rajni was getting, you know, heated. Heated, let's say. He no longer was doing, making appearances. So what he would do was get into one of his many Rolls Royce and Drive. And so he would just drive down the road and all the Rajni would line up in their weird clothes and they would jump and stand and clap and sing and whatever. And he would drive by and wave to them, shut up and drive with no hands.


He would do his hands and prayer hands and then bow to them as he was driving You. And that was the really fame. Like that's what I remember as like, You know, a 12-year-old or Whatever. Is there a video Of this? Oh yeah, you can watch all this on YouTube. Holy Shit. It's pretty amazing. And they, and they showed it on the news all the time. 'cause it was this thing that was like, oh, this is an interesting starting up in up in Central Oregon. And then I was like, Hey, have you seen this lately? Well then after a while, their, their side of things say that they tried to have a festival and the local authorities said, you can't have a festival unless you have a security force. And so they started walking around with Ozzie.


So when the, he would go to do his drive, there would be two dudes with like all the red clothes. But then with like berets to the side. Oh yeah. Carrying Ozzie as they were walking. Beres are fucking always bad. Nicole Beres are not a good sign. Nah, dude. So, so, so they basically have their own security force. And it was serious enough where they got trained at the state police academy. They went off and got trained as a security force and came back. That, that Makes me feel better though. I mean, yeah. They call themselves a PA peace force. Ah. Because you Need Ozzie when you're a fucking peace Force. I mean, now the other thing is they were getting threatened a lot. Okay. Of course, you know, a lot of letters, a lot of phone calls.


And they owned a hotel in Portland that got bombed. They got firebombed. Oh shit. So once the fire bombing started happening, there was more and more guns that, and like the, the security force thing kind of came up more and more. Did Anyone die in that? Because I wonder if they judge themselves to like be, like, to get sympathy or like get a reason to get those guns. Well, They actually would use the negative press when they, when they would like something like that. Anything where it showed that the locals or people of Oregon were like after them. Because there were protesters that would be on the city that would be like, get the hell outta town. Yeah. They would take that footage and send it to the other, I wanna say Ash rams, but I don't know if that's the right word.


Yeah. There other hangouts around the country and around the world. Sex, Sex, Sex. I wonder if those, Those, they would send that footage so that, and then go look how we're being attacked and they would send them money. But I wonder If those protestors were fucking ashra dudes. Oh, even I like it. Like, so they're just propaganda. Yeah. Could be. I believe in nothing. Although, but I think that people were super like, I'm sure Yeah. Get the fuck out of here. Yeah. Yeah. Like what are you guys doing? Yeah. So, but here's where they went wrong. They, there was a big important vote coming up. So they started busing in homeless people from all around the country to come and live at the Rajni Purum Wow.


In the city. They were saying that they were doing it for this, their spiritual life because they wanted them to, but these were all just homeless people that they were finding on the streets. And these people would get there and they'd be given clothes. They'd be given three hots in a cot and be like, Hey, you can go, you can go work on the lettuce farm and have something to do. Yeah. And there's, it's sad, there's guys that like, talk to the cameras and be like, yeah, there's nothing for me out there. I might as well be here. Yeah, sure. And I actually have something to do. And like, I'm not, I don't have to worry about getting stabbed on the street. Sure. So they end up busting in 4,000 homeless people. Holy Fuck. So that in the next Wasco County election, they basically take start to take over politics.


Yeah. And what ends up happening is the people that were in place, you know, the people that were already the county supervisors or whatever they are, did this thing where when everybody showed up to vote that day, they said, if you are newly registered to vote, you, we are putting a, a like a ban on your vote. And you, And we we're taking this to court. That's not how that works. Well, but you can do, I guess there's some, some circumstance they were like pulling out an old law or whatever of like saying, you can vote, but you have to first go to this trial and like be at a hearing to prove that you're here to vote. That you're really a citizen of this city, of this city. Because they knew exactly what they were doing.


And so then Jesus, they tried to turn it into this woman. Sheila tried to be like, I'm voting for you. This is because a lot of these people were like Vietnam vet. Yeah. Homeless people. Yeah. I mean they were the people that like had been screwed over truly by society. Yeah. And so conceptually it was a really nice idea. But once that happened, and of course nobody was gonna go to the hearing, nobody was gonna go sit there and be, talk to a judge about how they Yes. They were here and they were really a citizen and blah, blah, blah. So, so few of them went that and, and like 95% of the locals showed up to vote, you know, highest voting turnout ever. Oh my God. For the actual locals that, that none of the rajni won anything.


And it, it went completely in favor of the locals. Oops. Yeah. Well then they just dump all these homeless guys. Most of them went to to Portland, but they just, they just sent them out of town. Oh my God. And dumped them in just like close by in like no local places of like, well here you go. Didn't Work by. Yeah. And that's when it all started to fall apart where it was like, yeah. All of this, like, you could say that you're doing this for the spirituality. That would be a beautiful thing if there's a place for people to go who are homeless Yeah. Who are on the streets. Yeah. And have nowhere to go. But this is clearly not a charity. Right. Or anything. You're not gonna let these people come here and stay. They Were, you were clearly using them.


Yeah. That sucks. And yeah, once that vote didn't turn out the way they wanted it to. Yeah. It all got exposed. Fuck. The other thing that happened was that they went to check on the housing. The, the local sheriff went to check on the housing for these people because there was kind of like a tent city. They didn't have enough like building housing for them. 'cause there's so many. Yeah. But they did have tent, like tent housing that they used during their festivals. And so the sheriff was going up there to make sure that there was like, proper housing from that many people. And when they got up there, there was like a huge caterpillar earth mover that was blocking the entire road.


And the sheriff had to basically turn around and go back to town, thought they were like, I was Gonna be an actual caterpillar. And I got so Excited James and the giant peach. Oh. But a, a caterpillar that huge though. Great. Go on. Sorry. That's upsetting. I know. Not cute. What that means. It would be All like, Ooh, Ooh, furry. So anyway, they basically are like, we gotta call in higher ups. This is crazy. And something's really happening. Yeah. So, sorry, I have to get to my page. So they have officials from around the county go and visit and be like, what the hell is going on?


And while they were there, I'm trying to find the name. Can you I, while you're looking Yes. Can you imagine? So the governor of, was it the governor of San Francisco who went to Jonestown to check on everyone? Yeah. I I don't think he was the governor. I be May. He was something of Yes. He was a big wig. So He shows up to check on his citizens who had moved to Jonestown. Yeah. And he ends up getting shot and killed by which triggered and started off the, the Jonestown massacre. Yes. Can you imagine? And that was three years before, before those fucking city officials being like, we're looking into this shit.


How terrifying must that be? Yes. And a lot of them talk about it. It's really a, a, an interesting thing worth watching because they were so scared at first, they were scared to look like racists and to look like people that were just rejecting people outta pants. Yeah. Yeah. But then after a while they knew that they couldn't, like, they knew that this had turned into a thing that, that was beyond just them like going in and arresting people. Yeah. That, that was not possible. Yeah. And the sheriff, who at the time, I mean like now he's aged very well because now he must be like in his late sixties And that the time he was like in his thirties and he was like, someone goes, well, are they like a person from the press goes? Are they blocking the road?


And he goes, well, I don't know if they're blocking it, but I mean, it's blocked. So I guess we'll just go like, they're absolutely not trying to be in conflict with these people. Yeah. But at this point it's like a welfare Check more Than anything. Yes, exactly. Like they're trying to say. Yeah. We just wanna make sure everything is kind of what it's what you're claiming it is. Yeah. Well then Sheila shows up. Oh. And she's like, she's like kind of in everybody's face. It's really interesting too, when you see her, she gets interviewed a couple times and she actually picks up her hand and points into the face of the interviewer or into the camera where it's like, aggressive. What are you doing? Yeah. Like if this is also chill and spiritual. Yeah. But you can tell she's like, it turned into like, yeah, we're like, you're fighting for your commune, but after a while that's not really what's happened.


Yeah. This is a power move. Yeah. And a power grab. Like they're trying to take over. Like they want, they want, they want the state for themselves or they want the area for themselves. Okay. So anyway, I can't find this guy's name. Basically, basically the fuck the, oh, I don't have the name, but it's three county commissioners. So they went to tour the ranch and while they were there, they were given glasses of water. And when they get home, they become seriously ill. Oh, Come On. And they had been poisoned with salmonella.


Holy Fuck. But they can't prove that it, like, they can't prove it. Like they get very ill and then they're just kind of out and so that they can't go to work. Then it took them a full year to, to like tie it all back and get all the proof. Oh my God. Then around all central and southern Oregon, there are reported 751 cases of salmonella. Shut the fuck up. And people, 45 people were hospitalized. There were no fatalities. But all of these people got it. Like one after the other. And it turned out that rajni were going out to restaurants and sprinkling salmonella onto salad bars and putting it into salad.


How do you get salmonella to sprinkle? I don't know. In my Mind, like you have to ring out a steak into a fucking, I mean, they had the, the setup that they had on these farms. Yeah. And these ranches, I mean, I don't, I could not tell you, but they figured it out. And I mean, like, they could have had like labs or other things on these farms. I'm not sure. All they know is that they were, that these salad bars were poisoned and the idea was that they were gonna keep voters from voting. Right. Okay. It was the idea. Jesus. And then the, the last thing that happened, which I think is kind of amazing, is Rajni, she named Ma Anan Puja heard that politician, James Kamini was at St.


Vincent Hospital. So she went there and she, the idea was that she was going to inject a deadly mixture into his intravenous tube that would stop his heart. Holy fuck. But when she arrived and when gotten his ho hospital room, she saw that he didn't have an intravenous hookup, that he was just laying in the bed. Oh, shit. So she just panicked and turned around and left. But they act, the plan was, they later found out when they raided the place and got all the like secret documents and everything that the plan was they were going to kill him. Oh my God. Yeah. So this was, so basically this was Sheila's plan to like take over Jesus, Oregon.


So where is she now? She fucking fled. She fled to West Germany. Oh dear. Oh, actually, when they, when the cops finally got in, the, the ultimate plan was they were gonna put poison into Oregon's water supply. Fuck. And people, they also had all of the rooms bugged at the ranch. Oh yeah. And they were, they had like files on Rajni. She's in the ranch. So they, like, they weren't only going to do harm to outsiders. Yeah. They also were like keeping people in line and doing weird shit within the ranch. Like there was a lot of crazy shit going on. The bgan rij, she basically left, he came out and like agreed with the, like, cooperated with the authorities, told him everything, broke his three year silence and then basically tried to get onto a plane and he tried to flee by Learjet.


A a plane came in and it was a big enough place where they could land a plane. And then they got off. There was, the flight plan was they were going to refuel in Charlotte, North Carolina. And then they were gonna go back, I guess to India. But in Charlotte they landed and the cops arrested him. Good. And they deported him because he was, he, the whole time he was on a visa that was like, had expired. Yeah. Long ago. Then they found her and she served three years of a sentence before she was deported off of US soil. And the Baan ri Rajni died in 1990. The camp was converted into a Christian camp.


Mm. But so it's legit now. Yeah. But then in 1996, it was destroyed by fire and all, all of the structures were destroyed. Damnit, that'd be so cool to do a live episode from there. Oh my God. Could you imagine we drive up to that lake, but also just to keep your eyes peeled because he eventually, before he died, he changed his name to Osho, which is actually a Japanese honorific. It's, and so if you see quotes on the internet for from Osho, it's actually the Bgan tree rush Show the fuck up. Yeah. Just so you know, it's not some, some wise Japanese sage from long ago.


What he Does, he quote shit on the internet. What does He do? Yeah. You see quotes from Osho all the time. And it's that stuff of like, You know, you know, we are here for a short amount of time. It's all the, it's like shit I've said, it's, I mean, it's just, it's just that stuff of like, you know, time. So he's still Prac, like practicing? No, he's dead. Oh. But his like, because he changed his name, he doesn't have the right mark. Fucking cults man. Cults dude. My fav. They're So good. Anyway, that's mine. I love it. No one died. My apologies. No, they tried. They tried and they were bad. They really Fucking tried. They tried hard. Also the locals tried too. There was lots of like bad bumper stickers that were like gun sites with, you know, it was not a good time in the early eighties in Central Oregon.


I never heard about that. That's so Cool. It was crazy. Oh, we're supposed to talk about one thing. That was good. Sweet. Okay, Let's tell each other, I think yours is that you bought your niece fucking Doc Martins for Christmas. Don't do mine for me. So we gonna do a fight at this, at the Positive part. Okay. Well then mine is that you bought your fucking niece, doc Mar. Because that's the coolest thing I've ever heard in my Life. That was a, that was a pretty good one. Yeah. Let's not do it anymore. I mean, we have to think this hard about We just sits. Take a second. Yeah. Well, let's give up.


I don't know. Life is good. There was something while we were talking that I thought of and then I'm like, don't sidebar it again. What? I can't Remember. Sidebar. I wish I, I should have written it down. We should take notes during the week And we should take notes while we're talking. We should treat this like a fucking thing. I don't know though. I know. Should we, I mean, it's fucking, it's working Renee bang and Wow. Oh my God. There's so many things in my life that are good and I just can't remember one of them. I guess that I'm moving into a fucking real apartment. Like a grown up. Yeah. That's fun Grown a grownup person. We just got an apartment and I'm scared. But it's, it's exciting. Yeah. That's very exciting. You Know what the thing This week that I'm, that I'm happy about my dish, I'm gonna have a dishwasher.


What's yours? Oh fuck Yeah. It's fucking real detectives. Oh Yeah. That's it. Sorry. You Know. No, I was happy for you. There's a new sh there's not, it's not a new show actually. It just, the first season is on Netflix, but the second season I think is on regular TV if you DVR it. And someone tweeted us and said, thanks so much for the recommendation of Real Detective. I love it and I'm obsessed with it. You're welcome. We, we never did. You're welcome. We didn't Give that Recommendation. You're welcome. But it's this, so here's why I love it. It's like, I survived, but it's first person from the guy who solved the crime. And it is, they're like, you love them.


You're so in love with them. They're so like low key, manly, but, but super haunted. Because they're these cases that you're like, are The cases really good? Oh my God, they're incredible. And They're, are there like real photo like crime scene photos? No, there's really good reenactments. Oh, Is that a thing? Really good Reenactments. It it is. Because they actually, there's actors you recognize Oh. That are in these reenactments. That's fun. And they do it in a way where you're just, it's ki it's similar to, I Don Dunno any, yeah. I think Crime to the only one that has really good reenactments. It's similar to that, but it's less artistic and more down to business.


Okay. Of like, the guy tells you, this is how it was for me. And then, then you see him do the thing I'm into, I'm into actors that I know and not ones that I'm like, oh God, you're struggling And you got paid $110 for this reenactment. Right. No, this is very cool. And also it's because it's from, I just, there's something about a homicide detective that's just like insanely you. It's just Pure. They're my Brad Pitt. I get it. I dig it Well. It's just Bold. It's like what a Hard job. Totally. What a Horrible Job. Totally. Yeah. Pretty Cool. Good. Bless them. Good Bless. Amen. Go to my favorite murderer.com for things and stuff and thanks for listening.


Thanks everybody. We like you guys. We sure do. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Bye. Bye. Bye. Elvis. You want Cookie? Oh, did that work? It did. Jesus. Bye. He's excited about that one. Oh man. He's been waiting. Okay. We're back from Karen's story. Karen, any updates? I mean, yes. Here's what's weird. I remember doing this story based on Wild, wild Country. The documentary on Netflix. No, It hadn't come Out yet. It hadn't come out. I did it like a year before. That's right. Which is so crazy.


I mean, it's because it was a hometown in that way where the takeover of that town was in the like nightly news. Right. In our town. Yeah. 'cause it was northern California. Oregon. Yeah. So we were like neighbors. So I guess it doesn't surprise me, it's just this weird kind of 10 years later where I'm like, oh wait, Your memory is deceived you. It's just weird. It's all blending together as like, it's almost like, was I trying to think of a story that hadn't had a documentary done yet? Yeah. Or something. Well, I had never heard of it until you did it. So, I mean, it's wild. So crazy. Okay, so let's see. Obviously then this documentary where we're talking about, it was a Netflix documentary that came out in 2018 called Wild, wild Country.


Definitely watch it if you haven't seen it. It's got unbelievable footage from that time and all the kind of the players. And you can really see what it looks like when basically the East Oregon countryside just gets invaded and taken over by people who at first are like, we're just hippies And we wanna love each other. Yeah. And then they arm the shit out of Themselves. Then it's AK 40 sevens as far as the, I can see. So since the release of that documentary, survivors of Childhood Rape at the hands of the cult members have begun to come forward writing articles, posting on social media that the series notably left out their experiences. Wow. Yeah. So it's a, it was a big part of the victimology, I guess, of what happened at this cult.


And it didn't get touched on probably because it's like, how do you share the Yeah. If you're there to tell the story of the main lady that poisoned that salad bar, you're, it's like there's so many things happening. That's the whole story. Yeah. That should be the whole documentary. But we've seen many, many documentaries. Yeah. That include all the bad stuff. Totally. And it's dark as it gets where it's like, why would you be leaving this part out? Yeah. That's interesting. So a group of these survivors worked together to create the documentary Children of the Cults, which was just released last year. And they basically were making it to fill the gaps left by the Wild, wild Country documentary. So those are, you can go see, they call him Osho in that, but it is by Guang Tree Ssh.


Oh. I would like to announce that. Since this episode or since I moved. I haven't lived without a dishwasher since Congratulations. Unless it broke. Which they do all the time. But yeah, they do. Having a dishwasher to me, like we had one as a kid that literally didn't work a day in my life. So it was like storage. Oh Yeah. Yeah. So having a dishwasher to me is like luxury. It's pretty, I would love to cue the moving on up theme song to the Jeffersons right now. 'cause that, thank you. That is really what that time felt like. Yeah. It was like you moved on up into that split level pod loft apartment. Yep. And I got myself outta foreclosure. Right. And we really, we really were like, yeah, we're gonna do this thing.


Yeah. It was like, it was tentative where it's like, okay, something good is happening. It's continuing to happen. So maybe we can take these little steps. Like I can move out of, we can move out of our rent control department. Yes. Like it's gonna be okay. Right. You know what I mean? When I thought I would like live there forever. It was just those little baby steps that were happening. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. Dishwashers So crazy For everyone. So this episode was originally called The Golden Anniversary Episode as our 50th, but we can name it something different if you're naming it today. And We have to call it Sheriff Kill Gareth. That is the funniest fucking thing I've ever heard in my life. Oh my God. Yeah. Sheriff Gerra.


That's so funny. But I didn't realize this was the episode where you coined your phrase How Ever. Which is, yeah. One, did you say it before? Who knows? I think it's the first time maybe I heard about it and made me laugh. Okay. And then also we could call it, come on over to the corner. The corner. Yeah. The Corrections Corner. The Corrections Corner. The place that's cozy. There's no judgment. I love that. We pretend it's a corner and not the whole goddamn house And not an auditorium. It's The, it's every seat in the gigantic theater. That is my favorite murder. That's right. And they're all like in, they're no aisle seats, so your knees always hurt. Yeah, I know. You know. No. Well, thanks for listening to another episode of Rewind episode 50 of Rewind.


Wow. 50 of these 50. Well keep doing them I guess, right? Might. Might as Well. Right? Might as well. We're into it now. We're We're doing it. We're doing It. We're no, there's no going back. None. Alright, well thanks you guys for listening. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah,


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to it in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill Bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Amy Robach and TJ Holmes Here, Diddy's former protege television personality. Danity King alum Aubrey oday joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Camp Shane. One of America's longest running weight loss camps for kids. Promised extraordinary results, but there were some dark truths behind Camp Shane's facade of happy, transformed children. Nothing about that camp was right. It was really actually like a horror movie. Enter Camp Shame, an eight part series examining the rise and fall of Camp Shame and the culture that fueled its decades long success. You can listen to all episodes of Camp Shame one week early and totally ad free on iHeart True Crime Plus. So don't wait. Head to Apple Podcasts and subscribe today.