
This is exactly right. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face killer Experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


ID tech. The first and most trusted tech camp is where kids ages seven to 17 find their people the coding and creating people, the fire breathing shell, spinning battle bots, people the just as happy building games as they are playing them. People. At 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country, ID tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, game design and more. Visit id tech.com and Use code id tech to save $150 on a week. That's guaranteed to be a highlight of summer.


Hello, Hello And Welcome To Rewind with Karen and Georgia Because you see every Wednesday we take the time to recap our old episodes for you. But we add all new commentary, we add updates, and we add insights. Hmm. And today we're recapping episode 31, which we named Namaste Sexy. Such a good name. So good. So now join us as we take you back to August 25th, 2016. And now you can be a day one listener, just like we are. So let's listen to the intro of episode 31. Well, it doesn't matter if you're ready. Ready, Steven.


As we berate like the real us is just berating Steven. Steven includes a seven second just me, reaming him before the episode starts. It's like a, what's it called when you're hostage and you're like trying to send a message to the outside world. Oh Yeah. It's all Stockholm Syndrome. At Stockholm Syndrome. Yeah, that's right. Right. Steven has really bad Stockholm Syndrome Evil. We are Starting now. Karen, My favorite murder. Karen. Karen, Georgia. Karen Georgia. We started the podcast. How you feel so far?


Fuck. I can't stop. I'm great. How are you? It was so Bad. I don dunno if you've ever asked me how I was like that. How are you? My face? How are you? How are you really? How Are you? Let's have a moment of vulnerability. I feel a lot of anxiety about, gosh, I'm so many things. You know that weird Wednesday feeling? We're recording this on Wednesday. Yeah. Will we get up in time? Yeah. You know, job stuff. I drink too much coffee all day. Oh, you did? Am I drinking too much Diet Coke to the point where I'm killing myself? How Many do you drink? Diet Coke? Yeah. Oh, I, it is only like 23 a day.


I felt. I like that. Every episode now you have to admit like you have to confess something. You do that's like, 'cause you smoked told us you smoked cigarettes last time. I mean, I always, I very rarely, it's not like I wouldn't call that It's not a thing, it's just that's like my secret. Sneak away once in a While. Oh, I think you're in denial. I Know. What's your big reveal? Oh, What's a good one? That's a good one. What's a Fun one? I Have adult acne. Okay. That Sucks. I can relate to that. Yeah. I don't like that. That's about it. That's all you're willing to give. No, I mean, my life is a fucking open. I have nothing that I hide. I feel like that's, I think people can, it helps people lock in to our humanity.


Yeah. When we're just sitting here going, You know, gross, disgusting, horrible humanity. Check out this hideousness And they have a And make it a podcast. Gross. It Better be a podcast. Yeah. I don't wanna look at it. We're getting a lot of, is very enjoyable. And of course feeding the ego. A lot of people are are doing like fan art picture. Yes. Things of us. Which the thing, oh, the thing I enjoy the most. Yeah. Is they're, they always give me a huge nose. I don't think I have a huge nose. Do They? You don't have a huge nose. I think I have a pretty buttony nose. You have a cute Little button nose. I mean I Thank you.


I just wanted you to say that I've noticed. Yeah. I have a large jaw in them, which I actually have an undersized jaw, hence my Invisalign. That's Right. But Thank you. But you know what? But thank you. We're the most ungrateful assholes of all time. We really are Here. We have a couple notes. Can you draw us better? You Can draw me. Everything I know is a lot smaller. Listen, if you wanna make it onto instagram.com/ My favorite murder, you gotta draw us true to Life. There's some really good ones of us really awesome drawings. Yes. Where like you look at it and go, Oh my God, this looks like we have a comic book. Yeah. Which is super cool.


Yes. So thank you so much. You're Fucking backpedaling so hard right now. I Know. I embarrassed. Don't Be go to go to the Instagram and you'll see a bunch of like, we post that shit all the time. We post all of 'em. We post everything that we see and find that you guys send us. I love it. And we love it. All lot of people made us new logos that say the fuck word murder mystery show. Oh my God. Which we really love and appreciate. That was You So great that that was good times. Yeah. And also I just wanted to mention on the Twitter page, we got a quote, a million shout outs from Sweden. These guys who have a podcast called the Power Meeting podcast. Aw. Sent us a tweet that said a million shout outs from Sweden. Which I didn't know until I read it that that's all I've ever wanted in my life's was a million shout outs from Sweden.


Also, Australia loves us. Fuck yeah. Australia. Fuck yeah. We were number five in Australia. That's amazing. That's a big, that's a big place. Right? They must not be about accuracy down there because I feel like everything I've ever said about Australia on this podcast has been deeply wrong. Well we did an Australia murder once, so maybe that's why. Oh, that's right. They like love us for doing that because there's some good ones there. There Are some amazing ones. Yours was, it was the son who washed his clothes before he did anything. Yeah. He Murdered. He went on a paper route, murdered his fucking family. Blamed his dad washed his clothes. Or was that New Zealand? Fuck no. I think it was Australia. Watch the numbers plummet. Oh my God. Why Did I even bring this up?


I don't know. I brought it up. Oh, okay. This is all your, oh, also we got a tweet from glitter pizza in 91. God bless your heart. That said, why not at the end of every murder? Why don't you ring a gong? Which I read out of context. Just read as a random tweet. Yeah. And it made me laugh very hard. Then I understood, I saw a bunch of other tweets that said, what's that noise? Oh, what's that creepy, spooky noise that we keep hearing? And it was, we got Steven set us up with these awesome Mic stands. Yeah. They look like what you see like real radio people using Yeah. So we don't have to like touch our mics and make noise anymore.


But what we did was we touched the mic stands and we were making the springs because I can't sit still. Right? Is that super loud? That's It. It's perfect. Okay. Yeah. That's the sound. I mean, listen, I have a DDI think. Right. At least that's what my psychiatrist tells me. Okay. I can't fucking sit still. I wanna move around. I know, but it's, you know, I'm gonna sacrifice that for the podcast. Well, we really appreciate it. Thank you. I'm gonna speak for everybody. Thank you. You have a button and myself, you have a button nose. Thank you. And you appreciate Thank you. And two eyes made out of coal. Oh, we also had our, we just ended our last t-shirt sales. And we, we are giving half the money to end the backlog.org. Nice. How Much does that do I say?


Because what if it's like, that's not, what if they're like, that's, Well it was just a one month sale. Right? That's true. We're sending two grand to end the backlog. That's a lot more. That's great. Right? That's good. I don It's two more than they fucking had before. I got so freaked out when I posted like, hey, we're, we're gonna get 50% to end the backlog. 'cause I expected people, this was the opposite of what happened. But I expected people to be like, only 50% you're being so, you're being so greedy. And then all these people are like, that's so incredible. I'm like, oh, okay. Like I've just been being hard on myself. Yes. I mean, I think it's just weird to be in this position where you can actually put something out, have people buy it, and then actually give money. Yeah. That's like a neat, cool thing. But also we've never done it before.


Right. So everything feels wrong and bad and weird. Yeah. Is there anything else that you love right now? Well, anything going on in the news? We know JonBenet's brother is get Oh, did you watch? Yes. You and I both looked at each other at the exact same moment. We were watching, Watching that trailer, That JonBenet Zocdoc Zocdoc docu series trailer. We, we have to watch it together. Yes. I insist you watch it. Can I tell you something? What? A magazine wants us to do a recap every night of it. That's awesome. I know. I, the, the trailer gave me fricking chills. Okay. We watch the trailer at work today. Oh my God. I love the people I work with. 'cause they're super into shit like this too. Yeah. And when it got to the part trailer spoiler, when it got to the part where they have reconstructed, created the Ramsey's house, the Room by room recreated Down to the detail of shit that was like leaning against the walls.


Life changing. These people are going these in these investigators, these these very qualified people From all walks of, of criminal Forensic ness. Yeah. Criminality. Criminality. They're gonna be able to walk through and talk about and rest restage things that happened. Do you Think they'll come to a conclusion? It clearly in the trailer you can tell that they're gonna, they're like, yeah, there was no, this is not an outside job. Motherfuckers. I mean, that's what they're leading you to believe. That's True. But, and then like, oh, they're, oh, when they played the, when she hung up the phone and you can hear her in the background. Yes.


I still don't hear it. Do you, have you listened to That? You mean when they say like, they reduced all the sound and everything. Yeah. And they hear her say, I'm not talking to you. Yes. I still don't hear it. Do you? No. But I feel like that's almost like one of those ghost investigation things where they're like, do you hear it? And then they put the subtitles and you're like, I guess I hear Yeah. If you want me to hear it, I'll hear it. Totally. I'll hear whatever you want. Yeah. My thing was, 'cause everybody at my job, everybody pointed out like the thing that freaked them out or that they liked the most. And mine was that when Patsy Ramsey said, I love that child. She did it with her eyes closed. That was the creepiest part is both of them being, both of them speaking was so fucking eerie. Yeah. And to camera, like, basically, clearly some lawyer said, you have to go out there and tell these people you didn't kill your daughter and you have to make a statement.


And when Patsy Ramey said, I didn't kill my daughter, and then she closes her eyes and goes, I love that child. And then they stay closed. Like to me that I just love those. Like, that means something. I don't know what it means. Also saying that child means something. Because It's like, she's not saying My daughter JonBenet. Yeah. She, She's like not child. Yeah. I loves that child. Like she can't take, take ownership of the thing. Remember, did you ever watch the show Lie to Me with Tim Roth where it was all about the person that read Micro Expressions and it was like a whole company? No. Oh. I know somebody who worked on it that I dated, so I didn't watch it. Ooh. Oh Yeah. 'cause you're mad. No, he was very nice. Oh. Oh. I don't wanna step on his, I just love that show because that, that's kind of stuff of like being able to interpret what people are really doing underneath.


How they mask it when They point it out and they're like, would they like pause it and be like, this thing right here? Yeah. And nothing. Oh, I love that. Yeah. Yeah. You should watch that show. It's pretty good. I don't know if it's on anything, but, okay. Well, Did you catch up on the night of We've only got one episode left. I gotta say you're out. Everyone telling me about stuff about it and talking to other people about it has made me wanna watch it less. You're so fucking punk Rock, Georgia. I swear to God. You're just like, are You being mean Right now? No, I, I mean it in that way of like, you're just like, you know what? I don't have to like it. If you like it, it's a, a good way to be. I respect It. But I think that's how, I think that's what it is where you're like, does everybody like it?


Then everybody can fuck up. Well, What everyone's telling me about it. Thank you. That actually means a lot to me. But what everyone's telling me about it is like, I, I don't care about the prison stuff. I want the trial stuff. Yes. And from what everyone, someone said to me, someone was like, and I'm not gonna take responsibility, but I don't remember who said it was like, listen, I watched Oranges, a new Black. I don't need to know what's going on in prison. Like, I was like, that's so did I Totally The same. It's totally the same. I just like, I don't, I wanna know the, the, the, the way that they find out how the investigation goes, how the trial goes, stuff in prison I don't care about. Right. I, you know what? I feel the same way. 'cause I find, and this is, you're gonna, this is gonna blow your mind.


I find prison to be really depressing. So I don't want to know what's wrong with you. I, I fear going there. Who hurt you as a child? I don a prisoner. It was, it was a, a warden. Yeah. I don't like, I know it's living hell. Yeah. And there are many, many people in this country that are there. Yeah. And that's awful to me. Especially People. People are there that like, oh, it, it was really hard for me to watch him get taken in to get out. Yes. What's it called when you get processed in Yeah. 'cause it's like no one gives a shit about you. And like, you Immediately are just trash. Yeah. It's horrible. It's like the way, you know, when you wait in line at a post office and you get to the next teller and you can tell they've had a hard day and they fucking hate everything. So you can smile and be like, hi.


And they, and be nice. And so they'll give you a better experience and be happier. Yeah. Like, you can't do that in prison. What am I supposed to do? I didn't learn to be polite for nothing. I, it's like, I mean, and it is like, we talk a lot, we talk a big game about like send them dead wave. Yeah. Because we talk about these specific stories where people cut off 15-year-old girls' arms Yeah. And leave them to die and these horrible cases. And of course you want Larry Singleton to disappear from the planet, but the reality of a human being in a prison is a nightmare. Yeah. And like, and so I'm not saying I'm not a hypocrite or that Yeah. I can't rectify those two things, but it's Yeah.


Watching it. What I love at that in that show is that they're laying in. It's just really good writing. Yeah. And I really like to watch good writing. It may, it makes me feel smart. And again, I'll say it for the millionth time. Riz oned. Oh my God. I don't, Someone made a, made a, I want his DNA inside me. A couple people made a, someone made a valentine last, last week. I said, Your serial killer Valentine. Yeah. Yeah. I said I want his DNA inside me, meaning I want to have his baby. 'cause he's so cute that I want like that. But it just didn't sound like that. No. It's literally the most not cute kind of disgusting thing, but that's not what you meant. Okay. You know what I don't like about, I don't like innocent people in prison that I, people like Larry Singleton deserve to be in prison.


Good. Have a fucking horrible time. Yeah. But innocent people, Oh my God, that terrifies me. It's horrible. And it happens and we all know it happens and it's incredibly stressful. Yeah. Yeah. All right. But I like it. It's, to me, it's worth the stress. And there's things that are happening that are exciting. Okay. I won't not try it. It does disappoint me that, I mean, I don't know what happened. Maybe I'll watch the last episode. Is that okay? Can I do that? Hey, it's your life. Jump in, jump out. I don't know. Yeah. Can they please bring the family back on A, B, C? That's all I asked. Is that all you want this Christmas? That's all I want for Hanukkah Christmas. All right. I think that's it. Right? That's Yous gotta be it. Is there anything you need to stop? I got nothing. Yeah. Is this, are we now 45 minutes in? Basically?


I'm first This week. Right. Okay. Go tell me. I think I am. Mine is short too, so take your time. Okay. We are back from the intro. Karen, remember when podcast used to just be audio and you can wear whatever you want. You can sit however you want. Just Do you like, I think that's really where that saying came from as podcasts in 2016. It was a beautiful, glorious time of just being you. Do you think we would've started a podcast if we had known that video would have been, was like, I certainly, I can give you my answer before you, you finish the sentence. Fuck no. Are you kidding? A middle-aged TV writer being like, yeah, let me get in there and make some clips and make some content for, what is it?


Gen Alpha. No thanks. Yeah. I mean, the one positive thing I can think of about it all is that I'm learning a lot of new makeup tips and tricks, which I didn't think I would do. So later, like late in life, I thought I'd gotten 'em all down, you know? But now you're, what, what are you getting? What are you Now my face is falling and so I have to like do different things to it. I, I'm, Oh, I meant what, what tricks have you learned That how to stop your face looking like it's fucking falling? What's The trick? I don't know. Bronzer. I think it's bronzer. And that's also like some kind of weird eyeshadow thing. Yep. You know, just layering layers and layers of makeup that'll do it.


Yeah. Like make shadows if they don't exist, essentially. Yeah. No, it's been a nightmare. Like, I, not a nightmare. It's great. I'm lucky, but like, I've gotten all my filler dissolved because like you can see the bumps Yeah. On the video. Like, I can totally see everything that's wrong now. I mean, I feel like we've never been strangers to our own flaws. Yeah. And it's foibles and then Yeah. It's just a new way of, it's a fun thing and it's like, where Podcasting's going? Yeah. Just kind of like the option that you need to give people. Totally. But it, it definitely is distracting. Yeah. And it distracts the mind.


Yeah. Yeah. When we, as we perform, Do you know us though? We, you know, we change along with the times like we are with it. That's What we like to do. Right now, this show is not on video, so I'm wearing just a towel on my head just for, just got out of the bathtub. I'm literally wearing a shirt that says bullshit on it really big. And this is what we're doing. And what That's, That's It. All right. Well, I like how in that we just did a new intro because there wasn't that much going on in this intro. Some of our old intros are just chockfull of insanity. But this mostly is like that.


We are so stoked to only be audio. Yeah. And then me loving the night of and you not so much, you Know, we, no, we, that was a long running discussion or topic of discussion in this podcast. I think it was like a first, 'cause I, I remember, and tell me if I'm wrong, when we first talked about the night of, we had both watched it. Yes. Like unplanned, right? Yes. So then it was like, oh, did you see it? Was that feeling? Yeah. And then I lost interest. But, you know, zaed kept doing it for you. Oh. Such a good show. It was. All right. Well, should we get into your story and also like the reason this episode's called Namaste Sexy.


Absolutely. Okay. Let's hear Karen's story from this episode 31 about the Lululemon murder, or as I liked to say back then, not on purpose. Lululemon. Here we go.


You may love the finer things in life, like soft, cashmere, silk, and effortlessly chic fashion. But your bank account probably doesn't always agree. Fortunately, We have Quince. With Quince, you can get quality luxury essentials without the hefty price tag. Like their Mongolian cashmere sweater starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I feel like I need to apologize to people. 'cause I have a one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters and the dark gray, and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter, where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times. And I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for $50, Quince cares about us. It feels like, it's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear different ones every day of the week. I mean, I absolutely Will give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUI n.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye, Goodbye.


There are a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh. But The best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too late. But with active guard outdoor protection, SimpliSafe monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know, a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little While. Yeah. I turned mine on. Even when I go to walk Cookie, like mine is always on. Right. Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't, I don't think that's something we can ask for. But I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Is it SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free? That's SimpliSafe dot com slash aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So how Do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And it's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user-friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like, there's no worry there. Look At that nearer dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously, article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or More to claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay. My mine is, I wish I had four months to research this because the first time I heard of this murder, I thought, oh, who cares? Not, not about the people, but that's not my style. Yeah. I get that like, like, as we've said a million times, but like Silence of the Lambs is my ideal murder, everything situation. Sure. You've got a weird serial killer that's got a, an mo and a and a a whole FET plan. FET and A creepiness. Yeah. And like Plan has always been this crazy way. It's not like he is, It's not a one-off, it's not a crime of passion. It's not whatever.


That's, I find that extreme criminal mind thing. Fascinating. Okay. So when I first heard about this crime, I was like, oh, that's not, that's not my thing at all. And then, but I, it kept coming back. Like you, I would see it every once in a while looking for other stuff. And then I finally started looking into it and it is so fascinating. All right. So it's the Lululemon murder Oh, yes. In Bethesda, Maryland. That Is fascinating. I didn't Know that. I know that Is, that is definitely not one that I would have looked into. Okay. I'm excited. Me too. Thanks. So the, I first heard of it, I think it was like a year ago or something.


I was doing Nita Tarros. Nita Tarro has a comedy festival every year called the Benson Ball in dc which where she's from. And so whoever was driving us to the theater that night, we drove down the street and we passed a Lululemon, I don't think it was the one we were driving by, because Bethesda, I believe is north of Washington DC. But he brought it up and told the story, love him. And he basically just said, oh, did you hear about that really terrible crime that happened at Lululemon? It was really bad, you know? And it was basically one of the employees killed another one. And so I was just like, eh, eh, you know what I know now we're talking yoga pants.


We're talking karma passion. I'm not interested in any of this. For anyone listening that doesn't know Lululemon is a fucking highend kind of. When I see girls wearing yoga pants with Lululemon and I'm like, oh, you spent a lot of money on yoga pants and didn't buy 'em a RiteAid. Yeah. I'm like, you're better than me. Crazy expensive, right? Like they're almost, it's, it's like Louis Vuitton of yoga pants. Yes. Which is a hilarious paradox of this is yoga. Yeah. And they have like the, the like logo out so you can see them. Oh hell yeah. You know what I mean? Yes. Instead of hiding your shame, they put it out there. Right. So when I first googled this, a couple Huffington Post articles came up, and one that I really liked is by a girl named, believe it or not, Elizabeth Licorice.


And Great. That's a great, Oh My God. She wins. Yeah. And she amazing. She's all red and earned skin is twisted. Ah-huh. No, no, no. Cancel it. Steven. Mark It. Delete that, delete that. Steven, mark that concept. Oh, okay. So she wrote an article called Lululemon's Cult Culture Get Fit or Die Trying. Ooh. So this girl started working at Lululemon. That's how you pronounce it, right? Lululemon. Yeah. I don't give a fucking shit. Okay, great. It sounds right. It's how it's spelled. And that's what I assumed. And then I just Lululemon L Lamont, I think It's Lululemon Lume, but there's an extra Lume. Lululemon would be, there's too many Ls.


All right. So I think it's, let's, Let's call it, Let's not give a shit. Okay. All right. So I think you're right. I think you're right. It has this girl worked there and so she's talking about what a creepy like culture this business has, which is very funny. 'cause like when I worked at the Gap in the nineties, and I only worked there for a year, I really hated it. But it is this thing where they want you as a person that's getting paid Yeah. Shit. And mostly working part-time so they don't have to give you full-time benefits and all that stuff. Totally. But they still want you to really dig into this Hair about It. Yeah. This the culture, the retail culture of like, yeah. And if you sell this, you'll get this. And we have to get our numbers up here.


Yeah. Meanwhile, Don Fisher, the owner at the time was making like billions of dollars. Fuck you. I hate that. So it's, It's so I can see where that was in the nineties. It's now, you know, 20 years later. Yeah. And they have refined this concept. So it's like branding and marketing and, you know, lifestyle choices and it's all that kind of stuff. I bet it's the kinda thing where they don't call you an employee, they call you like the team member or whatever the fuck The th master. So this girl, yeah, this girl worked there and talked about that. She said Lululemon wants you to know it's elevating the world from mediocrity to greatness and creating components for people to live long, healthy and fun lives.


But if you dig deeper, you find about, yeah. You can't do that in fucking pants. You about a target. Come On man. No, no, no, no, no. You have to get really superficial to, to rise above Medioc. Yeah. But if you dig deeper, you'll find you'll learn that about Landmark Forum. No, they Don't. Yes. Which is the ultra secretive, eerily cultish educational series, which Lululemon employees are strongly encouraged to attend. Shut up. Yes. Now Lume. Now I know I have a friend who did Landmark Forum and, and is like, I believe in it. I think it's great. And I said, yeah, but isn't it a crazy pyramid scheme where you basically have to bring people in and you spent thousands of dollars? And he goes, yeah, but I just didn't do that.


Like, I got what I wanted and I left. And I'm like, well, you're, you're a strong-willed person. Yeah. But I think it's one of those things that like, it's like sed or anything that just, it makes money off of people kind of going, this is the answer to my life. Yeah. And then trying to get everyone they know into it. So, oh, it makes me Sad. So they encourage their employees to, to go to the landmark forum, which is bizarre to me. It's so bizarre. And before you're in line for Landmark, you're bombarded with Brian Tracy, motivational CDs and a book club club that culminates with Atlas Shrugged. Oh, shit. So it's not, it's it's, it's so culty. It's like, get that money and get yours and empowerment, but in this weird culty way, which also it's like, this is your job.


This is your retail job. Yeah. Yeah. So they, she said it, it, all of it made wa walking into work feel like a, she was time traveling to Salem, because with Lume, the Lululemon creed and catechism comes a collective mentality that thrives on scapegoats and leaves you feeling worthless if you subsist on anything. But spring water and kale, once another employee snared at me from across the floor and said the soda I happened to be enjoying would rot me from the inside out. Eventually we were all issued reusable acrylic cups and forbidden to drink anything but water. Oh My God.


Stop It. So this is, I'm, I'm just trying to paint a little bit of a picture and I really encourage, if you're slightly interested in this, to look up these articles. 'cause it's pretty fascinating how many directions that goes in of Yeah, That sounds like a fun read. Yeah. Well, and just the intensity of a retail job, this is Like, it bums me out so much to think what people expect from you when they're not willing to give you any respect at all Or Right. Every about. And when you work there, everything about you is inventoried and measured in terms of authenticity and integrity, which sounds reasonable until you realize your yoga mats on a sweaty slippery slope that missing your extra, that's this, I'm still reading the article.


Missing your extracurricular kickboxing class, taking too long to pee during your break, or falling to throw, or failing to throw a kitchen party. And then she says in parentheses, don't ask what in the fitting room means you're deficient in character and devoid of morals. What's A kitchen party? I'm gonna ask, We have to find out. But it's like, I think it's in, you know, it's secret in-house language. Yeah. Those girls happen to just be older sportier versions of seriously cutthroat sorority sisters. Wow. So that's one person's take about what it felt like to, to work there. So what's kind of, to go along with that, th this company's had a lot of controversy since they started.


It's a Canadian company. They opened in, I think, well in 2002 to mark the opening of their second store in Vancouver. They offered a free outfit to anyone who would stand naked on the street for 30 seconds. Are you fucking, how about, how about for people who can't afford them and are homeless? You've fucking assholes. But like, also, so it's a store that's mostly women's clothing. Yeah. And you're basically trying to get ladies to stand around naked. So you give them their $140 yoga pants. Like, That's so sad. They're, you're asking them to exploit themselves. Yeah. Oh my God. That same owner, I can't find the, his name right now, he in an interview with a national post business magazine, which sounds very Canadian to me, but I'm not sure.


He said he purposely named it Lululemon with lots of Ls because quote, it's funny to watch Japanese people try to, he also once blogs that breast cancer quote came into prominence in the 1990s due to all the cigarette smoking power women who are on the pill and taking on the stress previously left to men in their working World. I'm going to Lulu murder you, you piece of shit His, sorry, that guy's name. I'm trying to, oh, that guy's name is Chip Wilson. And of course later on e everybody heard about the they in, I think it was 2011.


Oh no, sorry, 2013. They had to recall their line of luan yoga pants because they were see-through. Oh Yeah, I remember that. They were see-through, I've Seen girls g-string from behind in Yeah. Yoga before. And then that same CEO on when he was interviewed on Bloomberg TV about it, he asked, he was asked what the nature of, of the pants recall was. He said, quite frankly, some women's bodies just don't work for it. Oh. It's more about the rubbing through the thighs, how much pressure there is over a period of time. You fucking dick. So he's basically saying, if you're not emaciated, you can't wear our yoga pants and it, and if you do, it's your fault. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


So he's a superstar. After he said that, of course he was asked to step down from being the CEO because it's, you know, at the time it was 2013. So, so I'm sorry sir, that it's not 1945 anymore. Yeah. You can take that shit elsewhere. Yeah. In 2007 they had a line of clothing called Vita, CSEA, which the company said was made from seaweed fiber. And according to the tags, they said it released marine amino acids, minerals, and vitamins into the skin upon, Oh my God. Contact with moisture. Did it stink? Moisture Did it stink? Reducing stress and providing anti-inflammatory antibacterial, hydrating and detoxifying benefits.


Bullshit. So the New York Times, that's exactly right. The New York Times commissioned a laboratory test yay of a shirt made from Vida C and there was no significant difference in mineral levels between the Vita C fabric and a plain cotton t-shirt. In other words, the labs found no evidence of seaweed in the Lulu Lemon clothing at all. How are you allowed to Do that? We're not done. In 2008, a mother and daughter found a hidden message in the shopping bag underneath the layer of inspirational quotes such as Friends are more important than money. Oh Yeah. Right. There was a second note that said, quote, some brief or quick fix fix instance In, whoa, start over.


Some brief or quick fix incidences when our minds are clear to be creative are when drunk or stoned or just after an orgasm, What does that mean? Oh, okay. So they're promoting being drunk or stone or orgasms Or having an orgasm so that you can be creative. How did they hide that? That this is inside a yoga pants bag? So they had this, it turned out that they had printed this up initially people saw it and were like, what the fuck are you doing here? Well, the other, the other quotes were the athlete's high is the most long lasting as it can last up to six hours. And there's a little difference between addicts and fanatic athletes. Both are continually searching for a way to remain in a creative state. Jesus. So it was all this weird Jesus, they were very pro drugs and sex.


And then a couple people got the bags and were like, what's wrong with you guys? This is a yoga pants store. Yeah. So they took the bags and just sewed over them with friendship is more important than money, but all you have to do is wash the bag a couple times. And then the other label came out. Oh, I Bet those are worth some money on eBay. It's pretty hilarious. And also creepy. Creepy. Like, you're getting so creepy. These weird messages. Anyway. Yeah. And they just, the answer back when, when that happened was not an apology. They were basically like, we're about speaking our mind. We're about living in this, having new ideas and new experiences. And they basically were like, yeah, we do what we want. And we're trying to inspire people.


So, Oh my God. So how Did they get Yeah, I I have, yeah, go On. Just how you're saying how Yeah, but also, but also good for them. But don't shop there. Like, I don't They can do that. It's fine. You can do that. Like, here's the thing, yoga is a practice that's about connecting to yourself and connecting, you know, be having a body mind connection so that you are more in yourself and calmer, more normal. It's not about spending money. Yeah. But it's not about being better than your sorority sister. But to get a mantra for transcendental meditation is fucking three grand. Like how do you, how do they, well, No, that's based on how much money you make.


But I mean, I'm not defending it because it's, it costs money. But what I'm saying is this is a store that's creating that culture of you will spend money always, and you'll spend money on bullshit. 'cause we're gonna lie straight to your face and say that our clothes are made of detoxifying sea. Oh, that's insane. Seaweed. Insane. That's insane. That's crazy. Yeah. So, anyway, okay. That's just a little background. All right. Okay. So, so it, the worst thing that happened to them of course, was in 2011, on the morning of March 12th, an employee entered their store, the Bethesda Maryland store. And she, she actually went in, she heard something inside, I think it said.


And so she went and got a guy off the street and said, you have to go in there and check I, I'm supposed to open this store and there's weird noises. And the guy walked in to like a bloody scene. And it turned out that Brittany Norwood and Jana Murray were lying in the store. Jana was dead and Brittany was tied up, hand bound hands and feet. Jana had a rope around her neck and hammer knife wounds to her head. Holy shit. And she had been repeatedly struck with a metal stand later on, the medical examiner found out she had 330 distinct wounds on her body. Oh my God. How long would that take to hit someone 330 times And how much rage and how personal?


That's Like 10 minutes of hitting. It's insane. Overkill. Yeah. So when they, when the cop touched Brittany, she flinched and then she tells the story that the night before they closed the shop and then she'd gone to, I'm saying Janna, but I think it's Janna. Did I say Janna? Yeah. You said, I think it's Janna. So she'd gone to Janna and said, I need to go back in. I forgot something. And when they went back in two masked, attackers came like stormed into the store, whoops. Stormed the store and with guns and attacked them. And Brittany said, rape them and tied them up and killed Jayna and left her for dead.


Had she Been hit at all Or hurt at all? Yeah, she had injuries too. Okay. And her pants were slid at the crotch. It all looked very bad. So looked, it all looked very bad. Okay, so, sorry, I have to scroll down on my dump thing. So of course panic set off. 'cause this is apparently a super high end area, like, because that's how all those stores are always in. Oh, totally. Like really? So people are freaking out. Like there's no violent crime in that area at all. Immediately the cops are set up a manhunt. There's $150,000 reward for anyone with information leading to an arrest.


It's like big and huge. And they start talking to people around the neighborhood and they talked to these employees at the Apple store, which was right next door. And these employees say that yes, they heard two women arguing and yelling and some weird thumping and fighting noises the night before, but they never called 9 1 1. How do you They didn't get asked that question in court, which of course, because it's like, ultimately it's not about them and what they did or didn't do. Yeah. Aside from I'm sure they struggle with it. Yeah. 'cause it's hideous. Definitely. But yeah, they didn't, and then somebody included in one of these articles that I read, it was this really awesome thing about how when you are, when you have a phone or a computer or something that distracts you, you are, you are like, some percentage I won't make up and I'll just be honest that I don't know it, but like a very high percentage, less likely to get involved with anything happening around you.


Wow. So they're in an Apple store. So it's probably like weird noise, weird noise, whatever could go back to playing yazi with friends or whatever on your phone. I don know if that would, like how would you get involved? It just so depends on the situation. If you hear, you can't expect people to be being, you know, getting murdered. No. If you hear A fight, you're not like, I'm gonna go make sure no one's getting murdered. No, not at all. And especially in that area. Yeah, no, it's a weird thing. I'm sure they had never had any experience like that. No. And that's not, they probably were like, oh no, those girls are fighting next door at the end. That's, that's totally what they thought. It's just unfortunate because even just a call to say, maybe you should just go check. Yeah. I think it's that thing of like, people aren't willing to just risk being wrong, which is Right.


Which is sad. Or not being able to read a situation correctly. I mean, the way a couple of these articles talked about it, there was like extended thumping Oh, and fight sounds and no. Yeah. You should have checked that out At one per, at one point they heard a woman scream, oh please God, help me. What The f Okay. No, you should have fucking gone over there. I guess I buried the lead on that one. Yeah. Yeah. I should have brought that up earlier. Oh my God. Alright. So yeah, go on. Yeah, That's crazy. So even if you're not sure, yeah, roll the dice. Okay. So, so from that they realize they, that these employees only heard two women the entire time. They don't, they don't hear anything about men's voices. They don't hear anything else.


So they're suspicious. Also, there's this really awesome statistic I found that I know the exact number four, according to the Bureau of the Justice of Statistics. No, no. According to the Bureau of Justice. Yeah. Statistics, only 15% of homicides are committed by someone who doesn't know the victim. 15%. 15%. That's Crazy. So in some ways relax. Right? 'cause it's very, very Small. Except don't, because your fucking family's gonna murder you. It's gonna be your husband with that milkshake. I wonder if that's the reason why we're so fascinated with stranger murders. What the cord? Yeah.


Okay. Oh, I think you're, are you hitting it with her? You're like, okay, I wonder if that's why we're so fascinated about stranger murders is because they're so rare. Yes. And so they sound like there are a lot more of them, but in actuality It's, yeah, everyone talks about the ones that happened because they're so crazy and weird. So it Seems like they're more likely. That's really interesting. Yeah. So the cops know this. I mean the cops, yeah, the cops, they say that all the time on like 2020 or whatever, where it's like you always look to Yeah. The husband, the wife, the friends, the people that they know. So one of the big breaks in the case was that they looked in Jana Jana's car and Janna's the murder victim.


She's the victim. Okay. So they process her car and they find Brittany Brittany's, DNA in the car. And then they ask Brittany, have you ever been in Janna's car? And she said, no, that Man, I love when they fucking trap someone like that. Yeah. Or if you had just said yes. Right. You would not have been a suspect. But they never do because they were in the car. So they're trying to cover Yeah. They think that lie is gonna get them out of Yeah. And yeah, that's, that's the greatest. I love that. So also they realized they had had all the tests processed and Brittany had said that they were both raped by these masked men.


But when the test came back, they, there was no sign of rape on either of them. There was no, you know, evidence of it. Yeah. There was of the normal things that they find Not there penetration No. On either of them. Okay. And also her wounds were few and superficial. Right? Yeah. If you're gonna hit someone 30 some 300 something times and the other person just gets a little No. Yeah. That's crazy about, yeah. And also 'cause then that's like, there's some crime of passion taking place. Yeah. So There is an intended victim here. Yes, exactly. Okay. And also then they realize that for the angles, they start studying the angles of the, of the wounds.


Clearly self-inflicted. And she tied herself up. It was all, they start looking back on it staged. Yeah. Now there were in the blood, there were two shoe prints. Janna's shoe prints were not in the blood. Brittany's shoe prints were in the blood. And a size 14 men man's shoe one a set of men's shoes were in the blood. So not two like said. So she grabbed Some shoes off the fucking shelf. That's exactly Right. Son of a bitch. And walked around through as if a man was walking through, what An idiot. That she didn't grab both the fucking sh Oh. 'cause it's like the display pair. Right? Oh my God. So It's like brilliant and so stupid at the same Time.


Well, it's that thing of like, you are, you can't cover up No. A murder. You can't, you just can't. You are not as smart as you think you are. You can't. And also cops have seen it a million times. Yeah. Like they know what they're looking at. Yeah. And they, and what looks weird and what doesn't. So ultimately they basically get her to start talking. And it turns out, oh, oh six days after the crime actually happened, it was the same night of Janna's Memorial. They arrest Brittany Norwood for first degree murder. And so basically they figure out that, that, that day Brittany had been caught shoplifting a pair of yoga pants by Jayna.


And that's what caused Wow. That was the inciting incident. Obviously much more was going on. Yeah. For her to get stabbed over 300 times. And they said she used five different weapons all found within the store. Well, so, Oh my God. Yeah. And there was a blood trail that showed how Jayna tried to escape through the back door. Oh, holy shit. And she had 107 defensive wounds. Oh my God. So the, and they said that that was the most that medical examiner had ever seen on a victim. Wow. So this was an, a crazy and horrible and extended period of time where this murder happened.


Now here's the creepiest part to me is Brittany goes clearly just goes fucking berserk. Snaps she gets caught. Now she's in that, she's outta this system. She is. She's the worst of the worst. If you're bad for drinking diet Coke on the floor, imagine what getting caught shoplifting would be like in that culture at that store. Totally. Also, I don't think it was probably very easy because Britney was black and I don't know what the percentages were of people who were black that worked at Yeah. Lululemon. But I bet that was an element in it. Yeah, I I'm sure that brought, there was something that brought to the table.


There was o other articles that talked about how she had stalked her boyfriend. I think she had there she was definitely maybe a borderline personality. She had definitely had some issues, whatever. But this girl viciously and insanely murders her coworker and then lays down in blood for hours and hours until she gets discovered crazy in the same room as a dead body. I mean, that's the, the creepy level of that. Oh. And also she went and moot. 'cause when she called Jayna back to let her back into the store, Jayna was double parked. So she had to go get into her car and she went and parked it down like a couple blocks away.


And that's how she got, they got that DNA of hers in there. So essentially she had 10 hours to stage Jesus and plan this, this crime and, and figure it all out. So anyway, she was convicted in an hour. Oh my God. They tried to say that she was insane and they were like, no, sorry, this was insanely premeditated. Yeah. I mean that's that phrasing. This was very premeditated. And obviously, you know, she Tried to cover it up so she knew it was a Yes wrong. Yes, exactly. And I guess, oh, so she was got, she got a life sentence and with no possibility of parole.


So it turned out that the Lululemon murder was much more fascinating than I could ever imagine it to be. Yeah. I thought she just like went in there and shot her. Like, I didn't even know any of the details. No, it was grizzly as hell. Yeah. And just that the element, like the, the pressure sales sorority sister element of it totally is fascinating to me. Somebody, there's a guy that wrote a book, his name's David Morse, and it's called the, this is Gonna Be Wrong, I wanna say it's called the Yoga Pants Murder, but that's not gonna be Right. The yoga store Murder. There We go. So close. Oh, are there, are there crime scene photos? I'm sure there are, but, but apparently I wanna see them without the body, so I'm not that fucked up.


They wanted to show the crime scene photos when they were trying to pick the jury and they the, I think was it when they were trying to pick the jury? I guess that doesn't really make sense. But they were basically trying to introduce these photos and like the defense fought it because they're so awful. Her skull was cracked, her spine was severed. Oh, I Don't wanna see that. I mean, it's terrible. I mean you, you know, she was stabbed over 300 times. It's Insane. It's horrifying. Holy shit. Yeah. So there you go. Namaste. Namaste. Namaste, Karen. Namaste. Everybody. Should we end on an ohm?


Well ohm, well fuck. All right. Ooh, that's a gruesome and sad one. Horrible. We're back. Karen, do you have any updates? No case updates. Basically it's all status quo. Although we got to the bottom of kitchen parties. So that was the thing that we talked about. It was a, a Lululemon, kind of like Allie rally style. Let's all get together, you know, like some sort of retail bullshit cult thing that they make up to make it seem interesting. And yeah. And then you get people to whatever, what it was To come, I'm gonna have to work that day. But like they still have to come to the fucking, No, no, this was a different, this was almost like a little bit of a manipulation of the customers.


So essentially there were these islands near the fitting rooms and the employees were expected to just kind of hang out there and then stage casual conversations. Ugh. Like you're in the kitchen, quote unquote, and basically talking about yoga pants or like, oh, you need that. I can actually recommend you this great jacket or Whatever. Leave me alone. I mean, as someone who's done that job before Yeah. At Funky Diva and back in fucking 1999, like I know how it goes and I hated every minute of doing it and I hate every minute of it being done to me. Yes. The retail PTSD of like being forced to engage when people don't like it and don't are rude to you actively.


Right. Really sucks. It's like if you're the greeter at the Gap this day, I wonder if they still do greeters. I don't think they do. Yeah, I don't think So. You I don think they I bet you better fucking get said hi to though. Like if you're a secret shopper for Them. Oh Yeah. I bet you better. Yeah. Like you have to eyes up. Yeah. But you don't have to stand there. Like we used to have to literally stand there and be like, socks are on sale today, blah, blah blah. Like that whole thing where you're like having this hip interaction with the person you're about to buy jeans from. It's just like, who cares? And no one needs help finding anything unless it's like a movie and they're like on a mission to get this one thing. No one needs help finding anything. Can I help you find anything today? No. In this day and age, doesn't the average customer really know their rights in the way of like, they're gonna find you and let you know the kind of help they need.


Like no one's shy anymore about we got this. Yeah. And that's, I'm gonna say it again, but that's my big complaint about Sephora. I just wanna go and touch all the eyeshadows and look at all the samples. I don't wanna, I don't want someone to help me. 'cause oftentimes they're like, oh, you need that. Well then come over here. And I'm like, no, I'm over. I'm over here. I wanna be in this area. Yeah. Yeah. Like I don't wanna be, I don wanna be I don through this. Yeah, no, totally. That's a, that's a long zen journey that you wanna take when you're there. That's right. Hot bath of a Sephora. Anyway. Also, the old founder, or I guess the original founder who's no longer involved in the business of Lululemon, is a man named Chip Wilson who has just been spouting pretty nasty rhetoric for years and so much so that the company had to come forward and say that his views don't represent, represent the company's values.


Wow. And that they are committed to creating an inclusive environment in that company. So hopefully that's true and hopefully that actual work is getting done. But, and also, you know, the information I was looking for that could have been really cool to like unveil right now is that they also change their internal practices and they don't make everything feel like this weird club that you're trying to get into while you have a retail job. Yeah. Which was one of the things we talked about of like what the pressures and what this job must have felt like Yes, to result in this horrifying murder. But still there's no way to get that information unless we had a secret employee, which we don't Ooh, would Be so cool.


We should have done that. Although they no longer ask their employees to pursue shoplifters, which is insane that they ever did that. Never do that. No, never do that. Okay, now it's time for Georgia's story about tent girl and the dough.


Oh, spring is just around the corner, which means it's time for a spring cleaning. I hate spring cleaning. Why can't it be spring? Avoiding whether You plan on doing stuff or just laying around your feet deserve to be comfortable with Bombas Bombas socks, slippers and underwear are designed for next level comfort. The secret Is their high quality fabrics like Marino wool, which is soft, warm, and breathable. And for all your other spring cleaning chores, Bombas has the cushioned arch hugging pears that'll keep you comfy while you spruce up the house. Okay. This is really embarrassing. But I was hanging out with some girlfriends the other day at one of their houses and I almost said to my friend, wow, those socks are cute. Where are those from? And they were Bombas like, I didn't say it 'cause I was like, calm down about socks. And she's also a nursing new mom, so obviously comfort is very important to her. Yeah. Like that says everything you need to know. They really are. It's weird when you talk about socks being comfortable and then you wear Bombas and you're like, there's the arch support I've needed this whole time. Totally. And Bombas is going international. Enjoy worldwide shipping to over 200 countries. Head over to Bombas dot com slash mfm and Use Code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. Bombas dot com slash mfm And Use code MFM go Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air Fresh flowers, crisp mornings, that first warm breeze through an open window. It's The time of year when everything smells amazing. And thanks to Pretty Litter Your Home Can Too. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean, a huge thing if Kitty litter shipped to your door alone is an amazing convenience and perk. But then the fact that Pretty Litter helps you track your cat's health and make sure that your cat is doing okay as it like takes care of odor in your home. What more do you want? Yeah. As someone with an older kitty cat and looking at you Mimi, it is like such peace of mind to know that if something's going on with her kidneys, I'll know immediately instead of like months in the future when she shows me some other sign. Pretty Litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's Pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free Cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye.


You know, I love the idea of cooking. Wait, is there a second part to that? No, I just think cooking as an idea is really nice. Oh, well, Hungry Root can turn your idea, Karen, into reality. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped up into one. They take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored to you. Shopping, planning and cooking food really can be simple and stress free. Just tell them about your goals and preferences and they'll fill your cart with personalized recommendations that get smarter as they learn more about what you liked or didn't. Love All of Hungry Roots recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less. Being able to make something in 15 minutes or less is quite a claim. My thing about cooking is it takes so much work, it takes so much prep and I'm not that good at it anyway. So it never feels worth it when you get to the end. But Hungry Root makes it feel like it was all worth It. It does. And you're gonna love Hungry Root. Take Advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for Life. Go to hungry root.com/mfm and Use code mfm. That's hungry root.com/mfm code MFM to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry root.com/mfm code mfm. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Ready for mine? Yeah. Okay. Mine is about the tent girl and the dough network. What do you know them Do? As in deer? No, DOE as in like Jane Doe. Oh, oh oh. Like doe a doe. A dead body, a female dead body. Oh my God. I had to. You did it. Did it. Did it. All right. So on May 17th, 1968, a well digger named Wilbur Riddle was killing time between jobs picking up glass insulators on a dirt road. It was just outside Lexington, Kentucky.


So he is scavenging. Sure. He comes across a large green Tarin and that was commonly used by carnival workers to store the big, like big top tenson. And inside he finds the new decomposing body of a young woman. She appeared to be in her teens and she had been dead for months. Oh. They couldn't figure out her exact cause of death, but it was thought that she'd been knocked out with a blow to the head and then tied up inside the bag to slowly suffocate. And the way they knew this is that her nails were worn down and broken. Oh no. As if she had been trying to escape nightmare.


Yes. She couldn't be identified and became known as the tent girl. Sorry, is 68 You said? Yeah. Okay. It became a local legend and her grave had a headstone that had that they had put the, a sketch of the, what the police had sketched, what she might have looked like. And it said Tent girl found May 17th, 1968 on Highway US Highway 25 North died about April. Like all these weird statistics about her unidentified. So it was a place where local teens would visit to cause trouble and to scare each other. And like on Halloween you had at night you had to go touch the gravestone and run away and stuff.


And so a couple decades later, there's a teenager who moves into town named Todd Matthews. And he hears about the story of Tent Girl by a girl who's got a crush. On nine months later he and this girl get married and it turns out her name is Lori Riddle. Her father was Wilbur Riddle. Who found Tent girl. Ooh. So Todd Matthews becomes obsessed with the case and for decades he's determined to find out the true identity of tent girl. Todd's two siblings had died at birth and it really stuck with him. And So he says that he felt like tent girl had become his sibling until he could find her real family.


Just so fucking sweet. I might cry. So when the Internet's created, he saves up enough money for, he like works low income jobs, saves up enough money to buy a computer, and then he trolls chat rooms and search engines and missing personal listings, searching for details that match tent girl. And he creates a website devoted to finding her identity. And this is before any of like web sleuthing shit is going on. Like in his mind he's just going to email as many people as possible till he finds out who this missing person is. So cut to the night, January, 1998, and Todd has been online for hours looking at random stuff when he comes across a classified ad from a woman who's searching for her missing.


24-year-old sister Barbara Ann Hackman Taylor, he, Todd sees the three words, Lexington 19 70, 67 missing and he knows it's her immediately. So in December, 1967, 24-year-old Barbara Ann Hackman was a mother and a waitress. She had married young and then mysteriously disappeared. And they thought it was a teenager originally when they found the body, but she's actually 24, which she's just another reason like why cops, like it wouldn't have taken someone amateur to find this person because you're looking for a teenager, you're not gonna find someone with totally different statistics.


Right, right. You know what I mean? Yeah. They won't fall into that category for you. Right. So Matthews arranges to have tent girls' body exhumed. And in April, 1998, DNA tests prove that Barbara Ann Hackman is 10 girl. Wow. I know. The family chooses to have Barbara's remains kept in the original spot with the original headstone. They just added a little stone underneath with her real name, nickname date of birth, presumed date of death. And the Incr inscription loving mother, grandmother, and sister. Oh, I know She was a grandmother at 24. No, I think she had her baby, her daughter. Oh, got. And now she's a grandmother. Got it. Yeah. All right.


So he died before tent girl was identified. But Barbara's husband, George Earl Taylor never filed a missing persons report. And he told Barbara's family that she had left him for another man. Yeah. All right. So you know how she was fucking found in a Turin. Am I saying that right? I think that was ye commonly used by carnival workers to store big tents. Guess what George's job was? He was an accountant. Was he an accountant? Was he, did he work at REI? Carnival Worker? Yes.


He was a carnival worker. He died of cancer in October, 1987. And I hope he rot some Good. Yes. Good. Glad. Fuck yourself. Fuck yourself. Isn't that crazy? Like what is what a, there's nothing besides like, besides fingerprints that could have like made it more of a like here's who done it. Yeah. I mean, did they, Karen Don't question. I Won't keep that. Did they play, did they like tie it back to the carnival he was working at? Did he maybe. No, I just meant like at the time when they found her, did they take that turbulent or whatever it's called evidence and then go interview some carnival workers, See what local carnival was in town And then it could that be the third season of True Detective.


This story of like the Carney, those are Right. Are my questions. I was just excited that they had put that together, but gosh, I wish they had done that before he died of cancer. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good point. But I mean, you know, well, Shit, okay, can I do a different story? No, I'm kidding. All right, so, so the ending of this is pretty amazing that Todd Matthews goes on to help create the Doe Network, which I'm obsessed with. It's an online database containing thousands of profiles for unidentified do shit. Jane and John Doze and baby doze and amateur sleuths try to connect unidentified bodies with missing people. Amazing. Like People who are like nurses and fucking janitors and all these crazy people who like are doing this for free in their free time.


Just sit there and try to find matching characteristics to get these people found and get them, you know. So is it like web sleuthing where anyone can do it and just enter the information? They started, they started regulating it because I think that a lot of, a lot of police were getting annoyed with all the calls they were getting. Like I think it's this person, I think it's that person. So there's like, for each, each town or each city, there's, there's like a main person that, and it has to go through like a crazy vetting process now. So I feel like I think this missing person is this unidentified body. They have to like, it has to be checked out by like a bunch of people who have been certified by the donut work to do that.


But yeah, you can kind of just like look for sh it's almost like that game where you, what was the memory one where you turn over a face and you turn it back over and you have to remember where the face is at. Yeah, it's called memory. Thank you. So he also co-founded NamUs. It's, I think it's supposed to be Naus, but there's no e the national missing and Unidentified Person's system. Hmm. And another thing they do is they, they they hire or they people who, who, who are, who draw portraits and stuff just for free. Like can will take a, an a dead body and sketch out what the face would look like or take a missing person and sketch out what their face would look like now. Oh. And they all do it for free. Wow. It's pretty amazing.


Next place where we give money for the t-shirts, I don't know. We can discuss it. We Can. All right. So as of 2007, I couldn't find any more recent statistics. There's approximately 40,000 unidentified human remains stowed in back rooms of morgues buried before they're identified and buried in unmarked graves across the country. What's That number? 40,000 Shit. And that's 2007. The National Crime Information Center records nearly 90,000 missing people at any given time. So 40,000 of those unmarked, unidentified people, you know, their websites list 70 successful identity re resolutions that the site has assisted with.


Oh, that's nice. 36 had occurred within the first five years and Tent girl was the first case to be identified by use of the internet. Wow. Isn't that incredible? Yeah. Todd Matthews, he just like was an obsessive compulsive with this case. And because of that, so many families have been able to find out what happened to the, their loved ones. And I'm so fascinated with those stories of like, she left home one day and you know, we thought we'd hear from her again and we didn't. And we don't know if she's alive or not. Yeah. She might've just fucking moved on and hated our dad and you know. Right. But then they find, they're like, you know, by the side of the road, this person with this crazy tattoo was found and why can't we identify this person?


And so they put all this stuff in the infor in the thing and that's Very Cool. Yeah. Tent girl. There's a photo of her. It looks like a lot like the drawing Sad, right? Well, yeah, but it's like the tragedy that something good came outta. I know. It's very cool. I know. And also it's just nice that idea that like, yeah, that's if you have, it's just so nice for the families like that that that idea of just not knowing is so torturous. Yeah. And I've kind of been wanting to do, I've been thinking a lot lately about like, what can I, how can I volunteer my time in some way that we're this true crime thing we're doing? And I'm like, you know, do I work for, do I go out volunteer for women's shelter or something like that?


And this, it's like, I feel like that's what these people are doing is they're like for, no, they're not making any money. They have jobs, they don't need 'em, they just wanna help find they're, it's just they're really into these crazy puzzles and piecing these things together and they just do It. Right. And if you have that specific ability of like you can draw, you know what they, yeah. Their a picture of what they last looked like or whatever. It's like everybody pitching in what their specific talent is. Yeah. Yeah. That's very cool. I like That. So maybe I'll, maybe I'll do something like that and I can't draw, but I can look at tattoos and remember if they were found on dead bodies or not do it. I'm really good at that. Remembering. No. Yeah.


Nice. So that was short one, but I thought it was Important. No, that was cool. I like that. It like it is good information. Yeah, that's a good one. Totally. Well, I guess that's it. Yeah. Thank you for listening. Thank you so much. Can you guys, if you rate review and subscribe on iTunes, that helps us a lot and we appreciate it and gosh, it's nice having you guys listen and this podcast also, Elvis is sitting right in front of Steven's face because Steven gave him a cookie last time. I like that you just said, gosh, gosh. It's nice you listen everybody. Gee whiz. Gee whiz Gwi because everybody, thank you. Thanks. You know what, stay sexy and don't get Moed Elvis.


You want a cookie? Want cookie? Whoa. May we're back. Georgia. Are there updates for this case? Yes, there are updates. This is one of those cases. I love that there is this tragic story and something beautiful comes out of it because people, because of humans and humanity and you know, caring about causes that have nothing to do with you and just personalizing them. So I love this story and I loved Todd Matthews and unfortunately he passed away earlier this year. He was only 53.


And his contributions to the cyber detective community live on through the Doe Network and name us. And there's a article you can check out if you want, on Vice called the Pioneering Cyber Detective who cracked a 30-year-old cold case by Sammy Carmella that I recommend. And together the Doe Network and namas have resolved over 65,000 missing, unidentified, and unclaimed person's cases. Amazing. Which is incredible. So get involved in that. If you're good at sleuthing, I'm not, Yeah. If you're a person that's interested in true crime, that is an incredible way to actually, you know, do something constructive with, with this interest and interact and help people out.


Well yeah, like I, when I had a boring desk job and didn't do do anything, I wish I had known about this instead I was just blogging. Yeah. So that doesn't feel as good as like helping find missing people To help you. Were helping other funky divas in your area. That's all. That's my fucking goal in life. And my creed. My creed and my motto. And here's your other motto is Namaste Sexy, which was the title of this episode. Yes. Yeah. So no more number puns. Thank God. Yeah, That's right. And so if we're naming this episode today based on something we said in the episode, would it be Trailer Spoiler? Which Karen jokes, she's going to spoil the trailer of the new JonBenet Ramsey talkie series. Don't spoil. You can't even fucking boil a trailer these days.


That's right. And then Georgia said, gosh, it's nice. That's so funny. Gosh, it's nice 'cause we were thanking listeners for listening to the show and she said it's nice and said, gosh, it's nice having you guys listen. Was that sarcastic? No, I hear my gosh. Is definitely something that has, you know, regularly come out of my mouth. Is that there's some fucking, is that your Grandma? I'm, Who says that? I don't know. I think it's like quaint and old timey and I like it like that. Yeah, It is. It's nice because I Don't, I don't care about taking God's name pain, so why would I? Gosh, it's nice. Gosh. It's nice. I guess. You know what it's like humbled thing. I'm just humbled. Gosh. Golly Golly G. Golly G. Well, well gosh guys, thanks so much for listening.


Gosh. I'd pick that title for the show title 'cause I love it. It's nice. I, It's nice. And so are you guys and we appreciate you still. Gosh, gosh, If I was listening right now, I'd turn this off. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah,


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


It's tax season. And by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


This Message comes from Greenlight Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automated allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.