
This Is exactly right.


The founder of Panasonic once said, We can lead more meaningful and constructive lives Through the pursuit of activities that will ensure A better today than yesterday. A beta tomorrow is down today. Panasonic is committed to creating a greener More equitable future For everyone. Explore Panasonic growing impact At na.panasonic.com/green Impact.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Do you have a point of sale system you can trust? Or is it a real POS? You need Shopify for retail. From accepting payments to managing inventory, Shopify POS has everything you need to sell in person. Go to shopify.com/system, all lowercase to take your retail business to the next level today. That's shopify.com/system.


Hello. Hello. Hello. And Welcome. To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. Rewind, Rewind. 'cause I almost said a different podcast name. No, this is the other podcast. It's brand new. Yeah. It's our Wednesday episode. Every week we go back, we're re-listening to our first episodes, the early episodes, the deep Cuts, and we're talking about what's changed. We're giving you any case updates. You know, it's a full recap show. Yeah. You know, you get it. Today we're going back to episode 18. It was posted on Thursday, May 19th, 2016. And I. Think this is one of my favorites of the number puns. We did investigate Teen Discovery. It's pretty Great. Like it's pretty great.


I love That one. It's, it's really hard. I always, I've always loved That one. It's hard to argue with. It's really right there. It's for everybody. It pleases all people. I think Now it's time for you to find a treche your favorite child. Pick one and a badass survivor to listen along with you, because now we can all be day one listeners. Okay. I guess it's time now to listen to the intro, how we kicked off episode 18. Investigate ov dis Investigateighteen. Discovery. Okay. Right. I Can, I can match your volume. Can you match up here? Yes.


I was gonna sing, but you don't, you don't want that. I just don't want What the fuck? Oh, yes you do. Don't make me sing. I'm mad at it. Elvis is getting the fuck Outta here. Everyone's a good singer. When you sing like that, that's when you sing like a jingle Sting. You're good. Watch your hand. On the, oops. You're already doing it. Okay. Maybe we should get like, mic stands. Hold a mic like Marilyn Oo. Who's that? The host of Solid Gold. You're too young. I get, I get what you mean. But I don't know who. It's Dionne Warwick. Well held it like this too. We Are. Just pinching it. That's what I Got that Guys, are we on? Oh, that whole thing was the opening of the show. Oh, good. Good.


For sure. Quality. That's quality shit Right there. Maybe don't, we're trying to make sure that our mics or that the sound quality is legit. What do I sound like? He, You sound amazing. Maybe don't. Maybe let's not, let's try not to touch the cord too. I know. So Many rules. This week. Maybe. Don't get comfortable. Could you please sit up Straight? Yeah. Maybe stand on one foot. I was definitely way too loud at the beginning of last episode. I've never noticed that I cried in my car because it sounded so obnoxious, but I did. That was the day I had a pour over coffee. Oh. Cold brew coffee. Oh Fuck. Cold brew. I think maybe a little lower.


Okay. Because you look so uncomfortable Right now. I'm, I am uncomfortable. Hang out. I have never noticed a weird, like, I've never noticed it weird, but I'm busy laughing my ass off at us when I listen. So you look so uncomfortable. Get comfortable. Just be aware. I think you're fine. Okay. Yeah. Guys, how's Everyone happy? Let's Okay. Say we're gonna, we're gonna take that whole part off. No, we're not. Welcome To my favorite murder. Behind the scenes. Behind the scenes behind The crime scene. It's the, This is the director's cut of my favorite murder. Do you know, remember a minute ago, I, I wrote something down. And I was like cracking myself up. Yeah. By it. Yeah. Wanna know what it was? Yes. Okay.


Because oh, well, I guess we should introduce the show. You just did it. I did. I did. And they know her name. I'm I'm Karen Coger. Yeah. That's the voice you're listening to right now is Karen Gar. Like, I think you have like a gravelly sexy voice. Yeah. I was trying to make it sound kind of sexy. You stay sexy. Yeah. And I. Try not to get murdered. Right. And. I have a murder voice. I fucking my voice, man. I sound like a cartoon character. Like a bull Like. The little like female bully cartoon character. Be Careful of what you say because our voice is sound very similar. They totally, people talk about it all the time. I know. But people have a hard time. I appreciate that. Okay, so I was gonna say, we should, we have to do, what's it called When you like, do a wrap up up in the beginning.


Housekeeping. Housekeeping. But I said maybe we should instead we should call it crime scene cleanup. That's what made me laugh. Makes you laugh. That's so hard, Huh? You know. Well, it's because It, this is the problem of having self-esteem is you just think you're very funny. All Yeah. You're getting a real big head. It's, there's so many problems with having self-esteem. Right. This is one of them. It's just, It's a spiral of liking yourself and it's disgusting. It is. It never goes well. No. You need an intervention eventually. You are definitely driving toward a brick wall. But I'm, but I think I am doing a great job driving that car. That's right. You're like, check this out. I'm, I'm shifting into third boom reality hits.


Yeah. But I am good at stick shift. Me too. Yeah. My father taught us, it was very important that we learned Yes. How to drive a stick. Not lug the engine, not grind the gears. It was very important. I don't even know what any of that means. 'cause I never did it. No, that's not true. I used to grind the shit outta that thing, but I knew how to Right. Drive it. Well, that's good. Yeah. I think that's such a badass lady thing to know. You Know what, it's actually a prerequisite because then any situation that you're in, it If. you get into a car, it doesn't matter what car it, it's, you should also learn how to hot wire cars. You always have a way out. Well, here's another thing. Did you watch the mo the sh the movie with, here I go again. No, you got it with Kirsten Dunn.


Schwartz The End of the World. Yes. Okay. So like, none of the cars start anymore because they're all electronic and computerized. And so once that shit cuts out, you're gonna have to fucking hot wire a 72 Dotson. That's right. And get the fuck out of there. And guess what? It's stick Shift. It's stick shift. If. you get on a hill, you don't have to hot wire it. You take that emergency break off, you throw it into seconds, You rev It, you start rolling down the hill and you pop it into gear and it will go. I used to drive a half a little Vespa and you'd have to do that. All the run, like give it a running start. Yep. Which was terrifying. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Yeah. You Got a standard shift. Everybody got To learn it. This become an end of the world podcast Also. It's much easier. It's one of those things where like, you know when you're a little and you did know how to tell time and you're like, this is impossible.


I'm never gonna learn it. When I was little, You mean recently It just takes me an extra beat. Yeah. You gotta think it's a thinker. Yeah. You gotta think about it. But yeah. Driving a stick shift. It's an H shape. H formation. Yeah. First gear top of the H, second gear. Bottom of the first stick of the H the middle part is neutral. Then you're going into third over at the top of the second stick. But you know what, when it comes down to it, I mean, if you're getting If, you need to get the fuck out of there. Burn up that first gear and just fucking just go, just go Throw it into second. Because actually you can lug it a little bit in second and you can, but you get, you can get more speed.


This is a very real thing I have pictured in my mind right now. I Do too. This is, I feel like we're helping one person every Time. We do Every time. But also just get some like, dude Yeah. Who might even like you a little bit. Who would be willing to spend a half an hour in this CVS parking lot with you and just drive a stick shift Around. Sure. 10 minutes of that is giving him a hand job as a Thank you. Yeah. You, it's just your hand. Yeah. Ew. Gross. That's Disgusting. No, I mean, you gross. What's wrong with you though? You Slide. All of that should get cut out for sure. Okay, now starting now. Hi, Welcome To. My Favorite murder. We're the worst people. Stupid. No, We're the best people. We're the, okay. I'm just trying to help you and relax after a long day.


Sure. Of work. Yeah, we're doing it. I don't work, but we're doing it. You do That kinda work. I had therapy today. Oh, that's work. It's, How was it? Great. My new therapist is, I guess she's not new anymore, but you know, when you, the the times I'm be like, my therapy is the best is when I go in there being like, I don't know what the fuck we're gonna talk about today. I'm doing great. Yes. I'm feeling good. Like I don't have a thing to like bring to her and then it's Like The best day of therapy. Yes. Because it kind of blindsides you. Yeah. Something comes out and then you're like, holy shit. Because it can lead anywhere. That's true. As opposed to like, here's this problem, I need you to help me walk through it.


Right. It's like, it's the background to what? To when you do bring her a problem, she's gonna be like, here are the little things you've already told me when we didn't have anything to talk about that are, that are the reason you're doing this fucking thing. Also, Things can dawn on you when you have days like that where you're talking and then you go, wait a second. That's why I got so upset that Happened. For real. Yes. You can't, I was gonna say, what was, It was all sex stuff. So I, I'll tell you after about the fucked up porn I'm into, oh No. But I don't wanna talk about it. On The podcast. Is this our rated X. We haven't really gone into sex that much personally on this, on this podcast.


I Feel like that is not a necessary thing. That's not our area. I feel like there's probably plenty of podcasts that do that. Even that Handjob joke was very off color for us. There's Gotta be high schoolers listening to this. Which Case they love handjob jokes though. Oh yeah. Okay. They do Do they know, know what hand jobs are? That's, are you kidding me? I don't fucking, they're like Snapchatting them left, right and center. Oh, they do all day. Housekeeping. Housekeeping. Okay. We have t-shirts available at my favorite murder shirts.com. They're only available till June 1st. At which point they're, the orders are gonna be fulfilled and then we're gonna come out with a new shirt. Probably Like The beginning of July.


But this is the last time for the time being that you're able to get this shirt. Yeah. So you should go get one. We promised that the first person we see wearing the shirt, we will hug and then murder. Because wouldn't that be funny? Yeah. That's the ultimate prize. Right. And then thank you to the moderate. Okay. So On the Facebook page that we're madly in love with that. We're now up to 8,000 people. Yes. It's nuts now. It's growing exponentially. It's my, it's my home. Like I'm so in love with it. It's, it's where I go first thing every morning. Me too. I really do. Me Too. I, it just makes me, it makes, it's made Facebook not awful. Yeah.


It's the Best. It's all Facebook is to me. Yeah. So the, we wanna thank the murderers. Yes. The murderers. Right. Georgia made that up earlier. I was really Proud. Thank you Ari and Alex are ma our main murderers and they're fucking killing it. They're the OG murderers. They are. Yeah. Original. It's from the beginning. Yeah. Original murderer, night Stalker. Elena. Jesse and Kristen. Kristen with an aan. I just wanna make Kristen, Kristin, Christine, But you, but you're all fucking, I love, it's all women. I love that. It's fucking And I. Think some of the second phase murderers are European, right? So they're like around the clock up on it. Yeah.


I think one might be in Australia, right? And. I. Think one might be in Let's, I imagine her, you've gone somewhere in Scandinavian. Oh, right. Oh. And then, then there's in a Lighthouse in Greenland, She just, she only has a, she has to ride a bike to get internet connection. Like a stationary bike. She's just like doing it. She's Just, thank you so much girl. She's great shape. What A sacrifice. Yeah. Shape. Now that she's found us. There's also, besides the shirt, there's a lot of, there's a lot of people On the Facebook page that are making like, that are just going off. Yes. Crafts the whales craft and making their own crafts, which Is murder crafts, Which we love. There's a girl who's making cross stitch of like, which I love when cross stitches.


I have one that says, bitch, please. Yes. With like flowers coming out of it. Hilarious. I love And I like that. So her, her Etsy Is this is, Is her name Flossy or is the other girl's name Flossy? I don't know. But one's name Flossy and not I love that name so much. It's genius. Okay. One girl is the girl who's cross stitch. You can get stay sexy. Don't get murdered. There's like an ed gain one. Here's the thing. Fuck everyone. Which I clearly need to buy. She is killer. Cross stitching. Which killer. Killer with a K. Cross. With a K. And then stitching on Etsy. Go buy her shit. She's an Indianapolis. Which proves me wrong that I thought nobody lived there anymore. Yep. She does. She does. And good for her. And we're you guys, thank you. You're fucking the listeners.


You guys are, You're killing it. And then I think it's Flo. If if Cross Stitchers name is not Flossy, then Flossy is the one that's making the metal stamp pendants. Right. Who I don't think has an Etsy yet, but she's Oh. Which she's going to. Yeah. But she put a picture up On the Facebook page and they're awesome. They're the best. Stay Sexy. Don't get murdered. Right. On your key chain or wherever you might wanna put it. Right. And I feel like, yeah. That's gonna be the next shirt too. Gotta be. Yeah. Gotta be. People are clamoring for it. Yeah. We. Are gonna get an official design going and Yeah. And release that mother. I'm feeling a little emotional recoil from telling my period story. I think it was a mistake. We can cut it out. So stop talking about it. Okay. Bye. Because then there's Gonna Be no like recall and feel, oh actually let's leave that part in because they'll know they fucking missed and they're gonna be, what is she talking about?


I love that. This is where the listener art starts coming into play. Yeah. And those cross stitching and the quotes and the Etsy rears its head. It's, it's exciting. Well that's like a, the true community starts to build here in that way. Yeah. The community is becoming self-aware and like becoming its own thing. And I feel like there was a time where on that Facebook page people started less trying to talk to you, And I or to the podcast or whatever, and they just started talking to each other. And I think that was around this time where it was like, oh yeah, we're, I'm gonna make this thing. Do you wanna buy it on my Etsy shop? Like, it became that where they were truly becoming a community in my opinion.


And yeah, it was pretty cool. And it like kind of exploded out from this Facebook group into Like The Wild Yeah. Of the internet. And like other people saw it so that, yeah. It just was interesting. And this episode is a fucking classic, like maybe one of our most popular episodes because of the story you're about to tell. Yeah. Which I had never heard. And of course anyone who listens to it has never stopped thinking about it. Yeah. So let's rewind to Karen's story from episode 18. The incredible survival story of Mary Vincent.


This podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health. For many women, approaching menopause is a mystery And not a fun mystery like, Hey, who brought in donuts? Yeah. It's more like, what is my body doing and who can I talk to about it? And that's why MIDI Health wants to help you demystify and navigate this time of your life. They're the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. They support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, supplements, lifestyle coaching and preventative health guidance plus Mid health services are covered by most major insurers. Menopause is an unavoidable fact of life, but navigating it doesn't have to be a mystery. For my favorite murder listeners, be one of the first 200 people to complete your first MIDI virtual visit. And you'll get a free prove 15 day hormone test kit so you can track your daily hormone levels and gain valuable insights about your hormonal health. Just Tell them it was my favorite murder. Who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com. That's join. MID i.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


The founder of Panasonic once said, we Can lead more meaningful and constructive lives Through the pursuit of activities that will ensure a better today than yesterday. A beta tomorrow is than today. Panasonic is committed to creating a greener more Equitable future for Everyone. Explore Panasonic Green impact at na.panasonic.com/green impact.


Should we get into The murder? Favorite murder? Oh, sorry. I dunno how tossing, as I mentioned earlier, they didn't know that was Oh. Oh. Here we go guys. Here We go. I'm going first This week. I think you're first. I think I am. I'm gonna Get cuddled in Yeah. I'm gonna have this half a glass of whiskey. I've Already drank some of your whiskey. I wish I could. I drank all mine already Before you were 30. It was up. Yeah. In 1997, I had my last shit. God, I was good at it. My therapist told me that we're doing an experiment where I'm drinking two glasses of booze a day just to see how it goes.


So I'm allowed to have two glasses of booze a day. Oh, that's no more. No less. Yeah. We're Just like seeing how this goes. So it's almost like, what If You don't feel like it. Oh no. Then I still have to You force it Down. Yeah. And this is clearly like, this was two glasses of whiskey and one big cup. Oh, that's fun. Does that count As one? It does to me. There you go. If I was your therapist, hell yeah. Girl. I had this realization when I was trying to think of this week's, 'cause I get very, like when I look at the Facebook page, there's so many good cases and there's so many people who are very passionate about the cases that are their stories or just ones they like or think are fascinating. There was a guy that tweeted me a case his at his Twitter handle was at Ayer.


So it was almost like Arkansas lawyer. And it was a case of a guy, I think his name was Bobby Lee Foster or Bobby Joe Foster, who killed his own mother Edna and decapitated her and put the head in the local church and then took the eyes and mailed them to Eisenhower. It what in the actual Fuck. Yeah. It was crazy. But, so I was kind of into that. Thank you for sending that. I love it. I mean, you know, but I had a realization that when we were talking about our kickoff murders, the ones that got us kind of into it, I realized that factually and date wise, I had an earlier one than Diane Downs.


And it it, because it happened in the Bay Area and it's this Lawrence Singleton attack on Mary Vincent and later murder of so, well, I'll just tell you about it. Let's, let's Unpack, Let's unpack this. It happened in 1978. So I was eight years old and this was On the news. It was like in 1979 is when he went to trial and all this stuff happened and it was On the news every night. My parents were livid. They talked about it all the time. So you Must have just been, you were there too. Yes, Because it was, we watched the news together as a family every night before dinner. That's, I feel Like there's nothing more harmful for a kid than News.


Yeah. No one knew. I know it Was back, this was the late seventies where no one knew what was good or bad for children. Totally. It was all just like, eat your cereal, go outside, try to survive, come home and then we'll watch the news together. It was a generation away from children after children being coal miners. Yes. You know? Exactly. It was like, it was that weird time in between coal mining and children being carried their entire lives until they get to college. Right. Essentially. So I'm the last of the last of that generation. I lived, so here's the story. On September 29th, 1978, m Alman named Lawrence Singleton, who was a merchant semen always a bad job, dude, that Richard Speck was a merchant semen.


Oh really? Yeah. They're, it's bad news. I think it's what happens when you're like super fucked up and you, but you're so fucked up. You don't wanna join the army. Right. So you're like, oh, I'll go out on a ship for a while with a bunch of dudes. Yeah. So he picked up a 15-year-old hitchhiker named Mary Vincent in Berkeley, California. Honey Mary had run away from home. She lived in Las Vegas. Her parents were getting divorced. It was all fucked up. And she had friends in the Bay Area and relatives. So she made her way up to the Bay Area, but she was homesick and she'd been on her own for a while. She had a boyfriend that was bad to her. She, she left him, ran away. She just wanted to get back home, sweetie.


So she is hitchhiking in Berkeley and a van pulls up and there are two people hitchhiking behind her now. Oh. Just so you know, there's Mary Vincent herself tells this story on an episode of I Survived. It was season four, episode one. Whoa. And it is epic. I know you don't like survivors. I fucking love survivors and things like this where you get the firsthand account of something. This story is also insanely fucked up. I guess If there, if she's It's been that long. Yes. I can deal with It. Right. And she's in, it's when they can tell their own story, they're not, you know Yeah. That, that they're able, they're in charge of this narrative and they can tell you what happened and Yeah.


And like when it's a grizzled fucking bartender like cafe waitress and she's like, this, this is what fucking happened to me. I can deal with it. But when it's like some, like college girl whose life is ruined. No, you. Well, because here's the thing, the saddest part about it, but the truest part about it is it happens to a lot of people. Yes. So when you have one woman sitting there going, right, AB here's what happened to me. A, B, C, and D. You not only get the don't fucking hitchhike, keep your eyes open, pick up on context clues. You have all that, but you also have survive. Yeah. And you can survive and you can come out the other end and help other people. And it's okay to, it's okay to tell your story. Like you don't have to keep this huge secret. There's other people who have been through similar or worse.


Yeah. And, And you have to tell your story. Yeah. It's part that's part of healing. Right. So, so a lot of what I have here is basically her firsthand account. Holy shit. So the van pulls up and there's two hitchhiker behind her in Berkeley, 78. And the guy that's driving the van says he only has room for one person and says it's Mary. Well, the two hitchhikers behind her go, don't get in that van because they can see into the back of the van. The whole thing's empty. There's plenty of room. Right. But if a person saying, he only has room for the young girl, they go, don't take that ride. But she was so tired, she just wanted to get home.


So she was like, and he looked like a grandfather. Oh really? Yes. He's this big potbelly kind of grizzly old guy. He was like in his mid sixties at the time. So she's like, like, what's that guy gonna do? Yeah. So she gets in and she's really tired. She's been walking and hitchhiking for a long time. So she says, I'm, I'm trying to go back home to Las Vegas. He says, I'll give you, I'm going to Reno, but I'll give you a ride to Los Angeles. Which is that, that right there. What? That Doesn't make Any sense. It doesn't make any sense why. So she settles in and she falls asleep. Don't Do it. Don't do it. She wakes up and they have gone east and not south.


When she finally sees a sign, they're somewhere out in Patterson. They're somewhere out by Modesto. They're, they're On the other side of the five. There's a lot Of, for people not from here, there's a lot, especially in the seventies, there's a lot of old man's land. Yes. A lot of, especially in the Central Valley, which is where he drove her out to. It's just all empty, rural farmland, roads, little hills with a oak tree on top. There's nothing. So, so she notices that they're going east. She freaks out, confronts him, says, what the hell are you doing? He says, I'm sorry, I'm an honest man. I made an honest, honest mistake. Let me just turn around. He pulls around, he turns around, starts going down the road, and he says, sorry, I have to go.


I have to relieve myself. He pulls the van over, she's getting nervous. She realizes this, this is now a bad situation. It's, it's nighttime. He's down relieving himself and she looks down and realizes it's one of her shoes untied. And she thinks to herself, if I have to run, for some reason And I could outrun this old fat guy, but if I have to do it her, she's like, I gotta tie my shoe. So she gets outta the van too. She bends over to tie her shoe and she blacks out. He hit her in the head with a sledgehammer. She wakes up, she's tied up in the back of the van after A sledgehammer hit. She wakes Up. She wakes up.


So he just conks her out. Yeah. She doesn't like, thank God she didn't die. Yeah, she's, when she wakes up, she's tied up and she's naked. Oh fuck. And he starts raping her. He rapes her all night and into the morning. And the whole time, she's of course crying. She's 15 years old, crying, whatever, and saying, just set me free, please. I won't tell anyone. Just set me free sometime in the morning. And he's finally done. He pulls her outta the van, unties her and says, you wanna be set free? I'll set you free. Picks up a hatchet. No outta the back of the van. No cuts off her left arm.


She's screaming below the elbow. She's screaming, freaking out, going crazy. She grabs him. Holy fuck with her right arm going, freaking out. He takes the hatchet and he starts hacking off her right arm. What the Fuck? But this weird, the craziest thing to me is, as you're telling this, I'm like reminding myself that she survived. But it doesn't fucking sound like she's Going to I know. I know. It's, it's crazy. So she is holding onto him, but she falls backwards anyway. And that's when she realizes that her right hand has bent, her right arm has been chopped off. Oh my God. So she's all, of course, in total shock, confused, losing blood looking.


And this is the most fucked up part of her story. There's More fucked up than that. This Is it. Go, it peaks in fucked upness right here. Holy Shit. She sees him, she's looking and like, she can't understand what just happened. And she's looking at him and he is flicking his arm like this. He's flicking his arm out. Yes. No, she Looks, and her right hand is still holding onto his arm. Oh my fucking, Ew. I just got, I gave myself chills. And I know this story Because you had your hand in like a pause Just now. I did. I did it. So she passes out, or she like, kind of goes limp. Sure. She's bleeding, obviously profusely, losing blood, lightheaded, laying, On the ground.


So she just goes limp. 'cause she just doesn't know what to do. No. She's now in the presence of a monster. He thinks she's dying or dead. Yeah. He drags her body over to the railing and throws her over a 30 foot cliff. On the way down. She breaks four ribs and he drives away. Now, later on when the police catch him, which they, I'll just let you off the hook now the police, ke police catch him. And they put together that the reason he did that is 'cause he thought she'd be dead. And they did. He didn't want them to be able to get her fingerprints And fingerprints. What, what did they, okay, who found her?


How did they she get found? I tell you now, Please. So she's down in this fucking ravine and she's laying there and she's losing blood like crazy. And she wants to go to sleep. But she said that there was a voice in her head saying, you cannot go to sleep. You have to get up so they can catch this guy. So she puts her bloody stumps in the dirt and the, and makes a mud pack. Oh. So she stops losing blood. Oh my god. On both, on both arms. And then she starts crawling back up the ravine 30 feet. It takes her all night.


Oh no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That was the morning. He dumped her over it in the morning. So she crawls back up the ravine. It, it, it takes her all day. She finally gets up to the top of the ravine and back onto the road at night. And then she starts walking naked, covered in blood with two stump arms. She walked for three miles. Oh my God. The first car that came up was two dudes in a convertible. And they saw her. No. And they fucking sped away. No. Yep. Yes. And she said herself in this, I survived. She goes, I looked like something out of a horror movie. She's like, I didn't blame them at all because she, it, it was, I mean, beyond something you'd see in a horror movie.


Yeah. And on an a on a, a far away, like a, a deserted road in the middle of the night where there's no, this is out where there's no streetlights. There's you're like she said, she was walking by the light of the moon. It Was totally, and in my mind too, it's like these two dudes are married men and they're gay lovers and they're, they're like on a clandestine, you know, romance thing. And if they stop to help her, they have to call the cops. They're gonna get caught together. Yep. That's just in my head. That's like, that's very plausible. So like, hopefully these aren't monsters. These, I mean, here's what I'm sure of. They carry it with them to this Day. Oh yes, They do. Imagine leaving a person like that.


And then they read the na newspaper the next day And they're like, and they realize, look what we Did. And she could have died. So they could have saved her and then she could have died. But here's who did save her. Who She walks a little further. A couple who was on their honeymoon. Oh, no, no, no. Who took the wrong exit and is driving around trying to get back to the I five Oh. Which is close enough so that Mary heard the, the noise of the I five Wow. All, all day. And was like, I just have to get back up. 'cause there will be someone if I walk toward that sound. So that's how she guided herself back toward civilization. These these people. Grab her, put her in the back of the truck and say, we're going to get you help.


And she said she heard them speeding so fast she could hear the tire tires screeching They get to a phone. Can I say real quick? Yes. What half the people listening that the marinos Yeah. Dream honeymoon. Exactly. Exactly. Like what are else are you gonna do? Fucking play Canasta. Well, because imagine you, you're like, oh, I've married. I love him so much. Yeah. He's the man for me. Now, if the man for you was one of those guys in that convertible Right. Who just like, we have to get outta here. You'd be like, you get out of my life forever. Yeah, I bet they're still together. A hundred percent. Yeah. They get her, they get to that payphone, they call and they airlift her to the Hospital.


Oh, you Be, so it wasn't even an ambulance situation. They were like straight in. So, Oh, honey, the, the relief. She must have felt Oh my god. To be in, to be saved. So she, sorry, I'm On the next page already because your's By the way, I want everyone to know you're like fucking telling this. You're not even looking at your notes. Because This, I, because I remember this happening when I was little. Holy shit. And my, I remember my mother being so livid and she would talk about Lawrence Singleton this disgusting piece of shit. She would talk about him all the time. Well, 'cause I'll get into it. I have to go faster. She was all, this was all these were all these details. On the news. No, But it was, it was m Alman who raped a girl, chopped her arms off and threw her into a ditch.


That's Enough. That was plenty. Yeah. Because you can't, that's when it was like, oh my God, that could happen. Totally. That's real. Even the word rape, like you don't even talk about like, couples in in fucking sitcoms didn't sleep in the same bed. Right, Exactly. It's like, well, I'm not from the fifties, Georgia. Oh my God. I mean, I mean that the Brady Bunch was the, So Oh my God. So she lost over half the blood in her body. Wow. But it, from her hospital bed, she described a picture of him so accurately to the p police sketch artist that Lawrence Singleton's next door neighbor saw it and immediately called the police. Wow. Even though she was friends with him and like knew him for years, she was like, that's Lawrence Singleton.


That's my next door neighbor. She's one of us. So It's exactly. So And I have, do have to say this in the article that I found that it a piece of information from, for some reason in the line it said housewife and bowling expert. Wow. I want her life. They really described her to a TI really, I want that life. That's A, that's a pretty good life. Yeah. So they arrest Larry single Lawrence Singleton. Nine days later, I like to call him Larry. Larry. And when he was questioned, Singleton told the police that Mary was a $10 whore. That, that he was passed out drunk in his van. And that his other friend Larry, is the one that attacked her.


And that there were two other hookers in the van at the time. What a fucking monster Lunatic. So she testifies against him in court, Get a girl With two prosthetic, her two prosthetic limbs on she'd already been fitted for them. Wow. She was still a teenager. I mean, that's an, that is a hard thing to do on its own. Now listen to this. As she walks out after testifying against him, oh shit. He whispers to her, if it's the last thing I do, I'll finish the job. Oh, I was hoping she'd say motherfucker or like something at him. No. Oh, that poor girl. She ran out. So in March of 1979, a San Diego jury convicts him of kidnapping mayhem, attempted murder, forcible rape sodomy, and forced oral copulation and gives him the maximum sentence at the time, can I guess No, go ahead.


Sorry, I'm just keep interrupting you. No, no, no. Seven years, 14 years. For all of that, for all of those crimes combined, a maximum legal sentence was 14 years. That's like almost how old she was. Yes. That's Exactly Right. So the judge who had to pass that sentence said, if I had the power, I would send him to prison for the rest of his natural life. So along with the particularly gruesome and callous aspects of the crime, the case became totally notorious because he was paroled after serving eight years in prison.


I just can't. Okay. So this is when shit went off, because that's when it started On the news every night this guy got paroled. And it was like my parents talked about it. People talked about it in the grocery store. It was like, how is this happening? And you know, what happened is in 1983, they passed a work incentive law kind of quietly passed it so that they could reduce prison overcrowding where a day was cut off your sentence for each day that the prisoner spent working at the jail. Or you could make pot legal and get a bunch of fucking prisoners out of jail. Right. Exactly. That's Exactly Right. And Make the murderers and rapists go there for fucking ever.


Why In God's name would you have a work incentive law apply to attempted murderer rapists? Well, this was back when they were like rape, eh? Yeah, it was probably her. She probably asked for it. She was probably a $10 whore. Right. Motherfuckers. So they announced that his release date, this is Ed Martin, who's the associate warden of the California Men's Colony in San Luis Obispo, where he was serving his time, his release date. Martin said if there's continued good behavior and work and no change in his programs will be approximately April 28th, which was eight years, four months of time. And every one of the area went Bananas.


So here's what happened. They tried to parole him to Antioch, California. And the mayor protests the Department of Corrections. And so acknowledging the public outcry, the Department of Corrections agrees not to release Singleton and anti Antioch. So they try to place him with relatives in Tampa, Florida. People rise up in Tampa, Florida and the Tampa chapter of the Guardian Angels, which was a big thing in the eighties. Remember them? Whoa. Yeah. They lead these protests and eventually a Florida officials reject the prole. So they, he can't go back to Tampa. Now if You're, if fucking, if the hell's, what is it?


Hell's Angels? No, the guardian angels. Oh, what are they? They were this. Oh, they were, I Thought they were, I thought you meant the hell's Angels. Hell's They were basically when the, in the eighties when crime was crazy, it was basically at the end of the recession when things were kind of shitty. It was like back when New York was a total dump. The guardian angels were this group of basically, what do you call them? Like, Like mothers against Drunk driving type of thing? No, no, no. These were, I can't think of the term for it. It was your Time, by the way. Like it was, they're not in any hurry. It, well, Vic, it's just long And I. Just wanna get through the whole thing. It's, but, but nobody Thanks cocktails.


Listen, take your time. Everything's fine. No, but it was the, they were like, when you're like a citizen that's taking long your own hands, what are those called? Like a citizen taking Long your hands. So they basically were like, we're taking back the streets. So they would go, they wore Red Berets and shirts that said Guardian angels, they all knew karate. Nice. They all, they were all like muscled out dudes. And they would ride the subway at night to make sure vigilantes to make sure that like vigilante there, it's, they were, they were total vigilantes and they basically were like their own gang, but a positive gang. So they just made sure like that people didn't get attacked. On the subway.


And, and every city started popping up with their own group of the guardian angels. Okay. Dig it. Eventually, of course they dispersed because I think they took things a little too far Right. As it usually happens. Yeah. But anyway, they did, they actually did some good stuff in the beginning where people there were, there weren't enough cops. Yeah. And there was just a lot of crime. Yeah. So, so he has to come back from Tampa, Florida, which is where his family was. But they, Tampa was like, go fuck yourself. Yeah. And you know, Florida's kicking out. You're probably a big, pretty big piece of shit. So then he, where did he go? So then they try to release him in Martinez, California and the, and which is also in Contra Costa County.


So the Contra Contra Costa County Board of Supervisors and four city council members when a temporary restraining order from a superior court judge barring the Department of Corrections for placing Singleton anywhere in Contra Costa County. So like, quit bringing that motherfucker back here. He's not allowed. Yeah. Ain't gonna happen. So, so now they try to place him in San Francisco, but police chief, police Chief Frank Jordan at the time, he's told that, that they're gonna bring Singleton to San Francisco for a couple weeks. And San Francisco wins a temporary restraining order barring him from San Francisco. So then they take him to Redwood City secretly.


But reporters find out that he's there in a hotel and protestors surround the hotel and the Department of Corrections has to pull him out of this hotel and get him out before the protestors rip him apart. What A bummer to be one of those cops and be like, I fucking hate This guy. Yeah. You don't wanna protect that piece of shit. No. So now a a quarter of appeals overturned that restraining order saying that Contra Costa County and San Francisco couldn't have him there. So then they tried to place him in El Cerrito, but which is not in Contra Costa County. That's a little bit further north, I think. But the Contra Costa County officials find out that they're gonna try to place him in El Cerrito and they tell the El Cerrito, they tell the press in El Cerrito.


So then protests begin there. So basically now everyone's telling everybody they're trying to place this piece of shit in the North Bay and everybody. So then they try to put him in Richmond. But the mayor finds out and the officials are all like, fuck no, get him out of here. Then they try to bring him to a, a city called Rodeo, which I've never even heard of before. No. Doesn't even exist. But people find out, and a mob of 500 people gathers around this apartment, and they actually have to take him out in a bulletproof vest and he's escorted out of town by the Sheriff's Department. Holy shit. So it was, this is kind of that thing where yes, this is the kind of the worst story ever, but also the greatest story ever where like just the citizens were like, no dude.


Like maybe that, maybe legislature says what? That you can get out of jail. Yeah. But we say no. So they moved him to Concord, 175 people gather at the hotel where they're keeping him there. Finally, the governor says, put a trailer On the grounds of San Quentin and they can live there until his parole Is over. Love it. Jerry Brown, George Duke major. All right. So that's what he has to do. He has to live Wow. On the grounds of San Quentin until his one year parole is up. Then he is free to go wherever he wants. Yeah. And They don't even, they're not even a track. Well then There's just kind of nothing they can do because nothing's in the system about him. Mm. So he goes back to Florida and when he gets there, they find out that he is there.


People protest. A car dealer offered him $5,000 to leave the state. And a homemade bomb was detonated near it. The house that he was staying in even. But no one was injured, unfortunately. Bummer. In 1997, a neighbor calls the police after seeing l Lawrence Singleton attacking a woman in his home. And when the police arrive, they find the body of 31-year-old, mother of three. Roxanne Hines. She's also a sex worker. But I wanted to say the mother of three part first, so that people care. Yeah. So that they know that she was so hard up for money, That financial problems made it so that she had to do this.


Right. And then she got stabbed 12 times in the face and chest by this piece of shit. And when he answered the door, he answered the door to the cops with his shirt open and blood all over his chest. So they, How how many cold cases are can be attributed to him. Like, so there's no way that it was one in 78. No. Well, they say that the reason that he got parole the way he early like that was because he didn't have he didn't have priors. Yeah. He didn't have, which is not to say he didn't do anything Right. But that he didn't, he didn't have a record. Still, I think cutting off a girl's arms and leaving her for dead is like worse than your prior for like aggravated assault or whatever.


And, I think you're right. It's not, that's not a first crime. No. At all. Especially when you're 60. You know, like you're starting, you know. Yeah. No way. Yeah. But also if you're On the Merchant Marines, God knows what he did in fucking Malaysia. Totally. Or someplace where nobody, you know, you can do whatever you want. Is he a Vietnam vet? That fucking half of those killings are for him. Oh, okay. So Mary Vincent goes to Tampa to, to appear at his sentencing. Good. And tells her whole fucking story. Good girl. She describes her whole attack, the whole, the, the toll that the ordeal has taken on her whole life, because of course it's been, you know, a terror. Yeah. And she's, you know, she's gotten her life together a little bit.


But of course she just lives in constant fear. Sure. When she was, when he was paroled, like she was doing fine and going to art school in the Pacific Northwest. Can you imagine? Then he got paroled and she fell apart. Of Course, as he said to her, as she left the courtroom, I'm gonna finish this. If it takes the rest of my life, I'll finish the job. Like, yeah. Why isn't that considered? When he's, when they Yeah. They think he's going up for parole. So the jury deliberated for one hour and he was sentenced to death because good old Florida. Good. So unfortunately he died of cancer in the prison hospital. I hope instead of being fried. You we're very, we're being very vicious in this.


We really are in this one. But his, apparently what he said in when he was sentenced, he said he did, he denied mutilating Mary Vincent. He still denied it. Not killing her, just mutilating her. No, no, no. Mary Vincent is the girl whose arms he chopped off. Yes. He denies doing that. But he said about the stabbing of Hayes, I'm sorry about the death in this case. I'll have to carry it on my conscience the rest of my life. The Death. That's such the death that's and the narcissistic move of, right. This is sad for me on me On. the Diane Downs move. So just to wrap it, Mary Vincent did win a $2.56 million civil judgment against Singleton, but she couldn't collect because he was unemployed in poor health and only had $200 in savings.


Of course not. So she did eventually get married. She moved to Orange County. She has two sons, and she started the Mary Vincent Foundation to help victims of traumatic crime. Oh, sweetie. Yeah. Oh, that poor girl. Isn't it crazy that like she would've been better off stealing a car and getting a misdemeanor than, than hitchhiking. You can't trust old men that look like grandfathers. And here's another thing I was thinking about, like when he, she had a bad feeling, he stopped to pee and get outta the car. The the thing about that is, is like If, you have a bad feeling.


Do what you need to do and apologize for it later. Like, steal the car and drive the fuck off. Apologize later. If it turns out he wasn't gonna kill you. Right. Trust your gut. Yeah. If, you have to blow some guy off at a bar because he's giving you the creeps. But you don't wanna be rude. Blow him off and apologize later if it turns out that he wasn't a Creep. Because if he's not a creep, it won't be a problem later. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. That's intense. I know. It's crazy. And If, you wanna see it? You can, you can watch on I survived at Mary Vincent. Tell that story Yourself. I might have to start watching that. The thing is about true crime justice that I really don't like reenactments. There's no reenactments in this. Oh, Okay. It's the people telling their story and they do, they start the a segment with a picture of where it actually happened.


Yeah. And it's all straight to camera storytelling. Okay. It's pretty brilliantly produced. Yeah. That's why I like It. No, I did that. I can totally do that. Yeah. Whew. Yeah, I know. That was a big one. Yeah. Let's all take a, a collective breath. Yeah. Anyone needs to use the bathroom. Go use it now. And we're back. Karen, are there any updates on this incredible story? Not Really, since it's been 46 years since this happened to Mary Vincent. Yeah. Her name is different. She lives in the Pacific Northwest. She's an artist. She draws and paints mostly animals and strong women, which I loved hearing.


And Erin Brown found this quote from Mary Vincent and it said, she was recently quoted saying quote, I'm just happy with life. I try to help others see through my eyes. You shouldn't give up hope. It's still a good life. There's so much out there. It's beautiful. Oh my God. He served eight years and went on to kill another woman. Yeah. Like, yeah. Like there's no world where that makes any fucking sense and is okay. And it's all the towns that were like, fuck no, he's not coming here because they 'cause that's what they do. Yeah. Because he, they knew. You know. So hopefully the sentencing is better these days.


I Think also the world is changing. And, I think this piece of, you know, people like to kind of hold forth on what they think about the morality of true crime and following true crime. But I think there's a side of it that has to be acknowledged where these things have to be discussed and talked about so that that is not accepted as a norm. And that idea that this old man driving around in a van can ravage a teenage girl who's basically a child just trying to get home R her, throw her away for dead and not really have to pay in, in a, in any kind of equivocal way. Yeah. And basically have, have like a good old boys club.


Be like, he's fine, don't worry about him. We'll decide if he's safe or not. When he's already proven that he's entirely not safe to be around other human beings. Especially young girls. Like there's just no Whether. you know, people get into Like The morality of sentencing and spending time in jail. And I would never wanna do it. True. But this feels so different to me in that way of Like The story about this is town after town of people rose up and said, no, fuck you. This is wrong. We don't have to accept this. And that I think is part of the beautiful thing. It was like, yes, people really actually took action. Yeah, Definitely. And I think that the true crime thing too is like pointing at a wrong and getting more people to pay attention to a wrong, like, you know, these tiny sentences for attempted murder.


He thought she was dead. That was his point. Yeah. Okay. Well now let's do your story. This is Georgia's story from episode 18. The Horrors committed by Killer Franklin Delano Floyd.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. So much of your personal info is out of your control. Like your insurance provider that has your social security number and your favorite retailer that has your payment details. If they get breached your information, your identity is vulnerable. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by FedEx. FedEx knows running a small business is hard enough without the hassle of shipping. That's why there's FedEx one rate. With FedEx one rate, you can ship your holiday packages cheaper than the post office for as low as 1450. For small boxes, visit fedex.com/one rate for details. Exclusions apply valid through January 19th, 2025. FedEx one rate two day retail shipping, one flat rate.


All right. My favorite murder. Okay, so I was scrolling through the Wikipedia page of mysterious disappearances. Mm. As one does before bed. Sure. When you have insomnia, And I came across a really interesting case I had never heard about and there's so many twists and turns and weirdness about this that I was intrigued and really excited. So I'm gonna tell this a little bit out of order. I'm gonna leave the exciting thing to the end. Okay. Because the begin, the whole thing is fucked up to begin with. So this is the murder of Sharon Marshall by Franklin Deano Franklin Deano Roosevelt Floyd, which is like, no wonder you're a murderer.


Parents, he's so close. It's almost like making sure your kid's a narcissist by naming him almost after a president. Yeah. All right. So in 1962, this guy Franklin Diano Floyd was 19 years old. It's the worst name. It's the worst name. Let's just call him. Floyd was convicted of abducting and sexually molesting a 4-year-old girl in Georgia. Ugh. Yeah. Piece of shit. Disgusting. He received a lengthy prison sentence and with one year, within one year he'd escaped the prison, robbed. A bank was arrested. He served 10 years released on parole. 'cause apparently four is not young enough to be fucking in prison forever.


And one month of freedom. He was charged with assaulting a woman and he got away. So in 1990, his wife, Sharon Marshall, was found dead in a suspicious hit and run. Mm. All right. So this is where it starts. Okay. He had sent his wife Sharon on a late night shopping trip for baby items because they had a child together. Oh good. Have a child with a, a baby rapist. Right. I don't know if she knew that. Or not. Okay. So she was murdered on her way back to the motel they were spending the night at. She appeared to be hit by a car, yet there was a blunt force trauma to the back of her head, enough to cause the death unrelated to the car accident.


So after she dies, her child, Michael Hughes, which Floyd was a clear suspect in kidnapped the kid. He was two, the 2-year-old son, Michael Hughes, I'm sorry, that's not true. He put their 2-year-old son into foster care and fucking high hightailed it out of there because he was a suspect. The kid goes in into foster care. The foster care parents love him and, and decide to start adoption proceedings from, for him, he like thrived there. Where he got there, he was just like, so developmentally delayed because this guy was a piece of shit. And Floyd was arrested on a parole violation.


And then as part of the adoption process, the kid wa had a DNA test and it was compared to Floyd's. And it turns out that Floyd is not the real father to this little kid. Whoa. So when he's released from jail, he tries to regain custody and he can't because he's not the dad. Then on September 12th, 1994, this fucking dude comes into the elementary school where this kid is staying, holds, has a gun, takes the kid by force, gets him the fuck out of there. Ugh. Steals this kid. You should see this, these photos of him. He's such a creep. Not the kid. Fucking Floyd the dad. Yeah. So two months later, Floyd is arrested in Kentucky and the kid is not with him.


Hasn't been seen since. Floyd report tells like differing stories, some that he had drowned the kid in the motel bathroom after the kidnapping. Others say that he told them that he murdered the kid in the same manner. So he had admitted that to a couple people. Another person claims he saw Floyd bury Michael's body in a cemetery, which is like, how do you witness that? What? And then you don't tell anyone till the cops, I don't know. In his most recent contact with the FBI, Floyd's admitted to killing Michael by shooting him twice in the back of the head. He told them where to find Michael's remains. But it's been two decades since then and they haven't found anything. So that's the story of Sharon, the mom and Michael the kid.


Okay. Super shitty all around. Yes. And so the third incident is the murder of, let's see, what's her first name? Shit, I dunno. Her first name. Oh, Cheryl Ann Esso. So at the time of her hit and run death, Sharon is a stripper. But I mean, before I say that, I wanna say that she went to college, she was gonna be an engineer. She's a very smart person. I think something happened with her crazy husband. She's making money stripping, you know, it's not like not, there's nothing wrong with fucking making money stripping, and that's her career. But anyways, in 19 89, 1 of Sharon's coworkers disappears.


She's 18 years old. Cheryl Ann, someone had witnessed a angry confrontation. Confrontation with Floyd And the coworker. Yeah. Floyd and the coworker commence, commence Esso. Cheryl, let's call her Cheryl. So Cheryl disappears in 1989. Floyd and Sharon, get the fuck outta town. It remains unsolved until her skeletal remains were found by a landscaper in Florida in 1995. And she was a citizen Jane Doe. No one knew who she was when the remains were identified. And then in March a year, the same year, a mechanic in Kansas finds a large envelope stuffed between the truck bed and the top of the gas tank of a truck he had recently purchased at auction.


Which is like, Here We go. Yeah, let's go. He finds things. Yeah. Don't, I mean, just finding things stuffed in places. It's My dream, my god. Yeah, for sure. Like, you know, where I think you can find them is when you go into like a weird bathroom and there's a, the seat, the toilet seat holder. Yeah. I think people sh like shove drugs and money for drugs in those as like a, I'm gonna go in the bathroom and shove the drugs in there, I'm gonna come out and you're gonna put the money in there. But am I making that up? Because I've heard that before. You don't mean the in the toilet tank where the water is. No, that too. But in the where the where you pull the toilet seat cover Off the wall. Oh, yes, yes, Yes. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Behind the paper covers.


Exactly. I see. I thought you meant in a per, in a private bath. No, I think you meant those, those pink, the pink furry cover that like your grandma puts on that matches the bath mat. You know when you go into a gas station and they have the pink furry cover or like sometimes this leopard print or red toilet, You know, those fun, but those fun gas stations. Yeah. Kiki. So the mechanic finds this fucking amazing fine and signed. He finds 97 photos in the envelope, including many photos of a woman who is bound and severely beaten. Oh no. They Trace the police traced the truck back to Floyd, of course. And the invest investigators compared the photos of the injured woman with Esso as well as evidence found with her remains.


And the clothing was similar to what she was wearing. There was also furniture and belongings in the photos that were identified as Floyd's. And the medical examiner had compared injury seen in the photograph to the cheekbone that they had found at this DO or I mean this, this, The remains. Jane Doe. Jane Doe. So they were consistent. She had died from a beating and two gunshots to the head again, two gunshots looking at a pattern, A kill shot. That's the, was he in the army? Oh, really? Kill shot. Huh? I didn't know about that. Two shots. Two To the back of the head. That's a thing. Yep.


That's how you just take someone out And you don't even look at them in the face. And Well, and also just, it's for sure. So it's one, one. There is a possibility some could weirdly live. No, two. No. Yeah. Oh, right. Okay. So he, so Floyd has tried it, convicted for this girl's murder, thank God. ESSA's murder On, the based On, the photographic evidence found On, the trek. Other photos found in the truck though, show sexual abuse of Marshall, who was his wife who died in the hit and run. Right. I mean the Yeah. This weird thing, his wife. But the pictures start and this is where it goes.


Dun dun is a, the pictures of Marshall and being sexually abused started at a very early age when she's in her childhood. What? Right. Okay. Sexually explicit poses of various ages starting around four of his wife, Age four. Yeah. Of his dead now dead wife. What the fuck is going on? Oh, Turns out Floyd met a divorced woman with three daughters and a son in 1974 when Sharon is like four in the late spring of 75. Sandy, the mom is arrested in Dallas for writing a bad check for diapers.


And some people On the internet. Like how did that happen? Did Floyd take out all the money from the account and send her on a shopping trip? And the check, you know, like maybe that's even set up when she, she's in prison for, or jail for 30 days while she's there. Fucking Floyd disappears with all three sisters and the infant brother. Ugh. He had, Floyd had been left to care, which don't ever leave your children in the hands of a boyfriend. I don't care how fucking cool you think he's No, don't, don't No one with the name Floyd first, middle or last No, please. No. When she's released she sees that's to fucking children are gone.


He had put two of the daughters in foster care, she finds them there. But the, but, but Suzanne, I'm sorry. But Sharon and the little boy are gone and shoot. She tries to file a kidnapping charge. Wait, okay. Here's the most fucked up part of the whole fucking thing. The local authorities say that as the stepfather, Floyd had a right to take the children high. 1974. You fucking piece of shit. Okay. Da. So Floyd raised Sharon as his daughter since early childhood. And If, you go online, you can find a photo, like a portrait of him with her as like a 4-year-old on his lap, DNA testing to determine her paternity when after she died and uncovered that she was not his daughter.


And he gave a number of inconsistent statements regarding how she came into his custody. She, he told everyone that he had rescued her when she was abandoned by her bi biological parents, which is probably what he told her as well. Right. The problem is that the little boy was never, no one knows what happened to him. So it's not likely that he's doing well. So the earliest known record of her after that of, of Sharon was when she was registered in 1975 and at Oklahoma City High School. And If, you look at her high school photo, she's clearly not high school age. I think he was kind of trying to fudge some stuff and Like she was too old. She's very young.


She Looks maybe Oh, too young. Yeah, she looks junior high-ish. So I think he was like trying to throw someone off or something like that. Try to establish her as being 18 as soon as possible. Right, right. And registering her under an alias. They, they had a ton of aliases. Let's see. So they suspect that Marshall was born, that Sharon was born in the late sixties, kidnapped between 73 and 75. Then they, they leave town again. She becomes his fucking wife. Ugh. Then, I mean, it's not even like cool that she gets to like then figure out who she is. He fucking hits and runs her and kills her with a car And wait, sorry, was that, did he do that because she was there some overt reason?


We Don't know. Maybe he found out that her son wasn't his because go back to the kid that was in foster care who he kidnapped at school. Done. Oh, right, right, right, right. Turns out that the DNA NA testing should prove that it wasn't even his kids. So she might have been sleeping with someone else. She Essentially cheated on Right. This person that she didn't even wanna be with in the first Place. And maybe he was even horing her out, like, you know, making money on like, so we don't know what happened, but that wasn't his kid. That sounds like a pretty good motive to me. Fuck. Yeah. That's Insan. Wait, what happened to him? Okay, So he's still alive. No. Yeah. He is the creepiest motherfucker you've Ever seen. He's in jail though.


Please. He's On death row. Thanks. Okay. Fucking God. Jesus Christ. I know. He's on death row for the murder of the Esso. Oh yeah. So, oh. 'cause they found her body in those pictures. Right? So like, so thank God. Like they weren't like, well she was a stripper. So he only gets four years. Like she's on, he's on death row, he's still under investigation into the kidnapping of her son and the mother Sharon. Yeah. And like after, after Sharon died, they did DNA testing on her and found out that she was the missing child that this poor fucking woman who dated a piece of shit Oh my god.


To help Her raise four children that she was dealing with on her fucking own. And then, oh my Lord. Yeah. I What in the fuck? I've never heard of this before. That's crazy. And He's still alive. Wait, when, so sorry. When's like, when did she get hit by a car? She got hit by a car. When did he Hit her with a car? Right. And a sledgehammer. Exactly. He, it was a hit and run in April, 1990. Oh, Fuck. Yeah. So like Reese. Yeah, Reese. I mean, I guess I was, for some reason I was picturing that this was Like The fifties. Right. Because it seemed Like The kind of time you could get away. That's insanity. So in 1990s, hit and run took the kid by gunpoint these poor, you know, this poor foster parents who were trying to adopt this poor kid who was thriving in their home.


They were fostering him and they wanted to adopt him because they cared about him so much and they are stuck. Well, and also this piece of shit takes him and then eventually kills him. Yeah. Like just leave Him with the foster parents. But I mean, that's Like The, that's the monstrosity of whatever that guy is. Narcissism, I mean narciss, but just Like The like violent pedophile. Yeah. It's like it's Like The the highest strata of in hell basically. Yeah. Of violent, insane pedophile. It's so crazy what, I mean, it's so hard to think of a brain and a thought process and a mind that deviates that far from your own. Like, I can't even picture it.


It makes you wonder. I mean, can they picture what being normal is? Like, are we normal? Is it what is normal? Well, it's not that guy. No. I'll tell you that right now. Yeah. That makes me wanna start up a vigilante club called The New Guardian Angels. No Berets. That's not cool. No. Berets Are stupid. You just, I don't know. What do we Have? We need a Thing that's so upsetting. It's actually funny because, so I'm, I'm listening to this book on tape, this audiobook that I've been listening to forever called No Stone Unturned about Necro Search who uncovers Clandestine Graves. It's this great book about these people who, who find buried bodies.


Yeah. And like when I'm driving in the car, 'cause I get stressed out when I drive, I put that on or I put a murder podcast on, on and then when I forget my book or don't listen, don't have time to listen to a podcast I put on like NPR and then, or the news and like immediately I'm like, I can't, this is so awful. I can't deal with it. Like I even fall asleep sometimes to that, to like murder stuff. And it's, I think I that I think that's part of realizing why I love murder and these stories so much is that the real world and what's really happening and what I have absolutely no control over is so terrifying and there's no control. Yeah. But you can not walk alone at night.


You can, you know, carry pepper spray with you. You can make sure you keep your doors locked. My door's not locked right now. I just looked over. Well, but every, it's because every murder story that you read and all that information you gather informs you so that you know a little bit more next time. Right. But you can't see anything like that. China is, is is being armed with nuclear weapons. You can't be like, well next time I'm not gonna Yeah. Hang out with China. Yeah. I think they've always had nuclear weapons. Right. But like, Eh, whatcha gonna do about that anyway. Right. Right. That's just posturing. That's the thing is what are you gonna do about that? Nothing. No. And That's terrifying to me. But in this you can be like, if I ever get into a situation Right.


You know, you, you, it's it's just being able to have your, like your guard up better every single time. Yeah. And if something does happen, you know, you, you at least tried or had some control over it somehow. Right. You're informed. Yeah. All right. Any updates for this story? Well, yeah. So actually in January of 2023 at the age of 79, Franklin Deano Floyd died of natural causes while sitting on death row on a piece of shit. But also in 2022, Netflix put out a documentary called Girl in the Picture about Sharon Marshall's story, And I Know my storytelling in this episode is a little convoluted.


On the all over the place, the structure's not totally there. So definitely watch Girl in the picture, Vincent And I watched it and it is just, you know, it's horrifying. I really wanna watch that. I mean, look, your storytelling is as confusing as this case was because this guy was all the fuck over the map. And I also think this is the thing where we started getting a little more comfortable talking while we were telling the story. Like talking about what we were talking about. So, right. That's kind of a distracting thing that you And, I do sometimes where it's like, hold on. That one word reminded me of a thing and now we're over here. Whatever. Right. But yeah, I wanna watch that girl in the picture. Definitely.


We should. Okay. All Right. Well It's time to wrap it up with a new title. Although I think we're both in agreement that it investigate teen discovery as top tier. Yeah. I think it's one of the only ones I wouldn't change. Like there's a couple good ones, but I love This one. Yeah, it's a great one. However, it could be called Behind the Crime scene because as I'm setting up the audio you say that it's behind the scenes, but I say behind the crime scene 'cause I love a thing that fits. Yeah. It's a similar thing, but you put a different word in. That's fun. Yeah, that's fun. That's podcasting. So it could be behind the crime scene, it could also be collective breath, which is what Georgia says after we finish the Mary Vincent story, which is actually kind of another thing we do.


Which I do love. Where it's like, yeah, that was horrible. And we don't have to make it any different than what it is. Right. Because that's kind of the point of what we're doing. Yeah. Let's all grasp pan and take a deep breath. Yeah. In life All the time. That's what somehow that's what this podcast is for some people. Yeah. Despite the horrors that we're talking about. I mean, it is for me. It Is for me too. For sure. It is for me too. And there you go. And The last couple people we've met have said that similar things to us. I love it. Alright, well thanks for listening to this rewind episode. We're doing them every Wednesday. Just going back through the old moldy boxes that we have in our, in the attic of this podcast. Why not? Mm, that's So true.


Our parents are moving out and they're like, go clean your stuff out. You never, you said you were gonna take it with you when you moved. That's been, yeah, it's been eight and a half years. Yeah. And you haven't Get that shit outta here. Well, we'd love to, but we're not just gonna throw it away. Maybe there's something worth saving in there. Right. We have to pick through it. And that's what this podcast episode is. But we also have Thursdays, we regular episodes, Mondays hometowns, you know, I mean there's, what more do you want us to do? Fine. We'll do five days a week. Truly. Okay. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.