
This is exactly right.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn More about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-I-U-S a.com. Or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect, so you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award-winning Legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion. Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


Hello. Hello And Welcome To Rewind with Karen and Georgia. This, and you may know this already, but this is our Wednesday episode where we travel back in time to recap old episodes of this podcast. Then we return to the present. It is a very painful process. It is a painful process. Today we're recapping painfully episode 24, which we named and 20 Justice For All. Yeah. Fucking classic. Amazing. This came out on Thursday, July 7th, 2016. So get ready to defy the laws of space and time, because now we're all gonna be day one listeners. Okay, let's do it.


Let's listen to the intro of episode 24. Do you wanna podcast? Do you wanna start a podcast? Do you want, Hey, do you want a podcast? Hey, hey. Hi. We need to wait if start this and end this. That's like, That's clean. Distinctive. What if it was like seventies newscast? Kind of like a Yeah, that'd be good, right? Yeah. This just in, Instead it's just me laying down on the loveseat. Oh gosh. You leaning back on the couch. I lean back on the couch. Like a kind of like an old drunk hobo leans on a park bench.


Right. Steven, Steven had to put his hand over his mouth. It was that accurate. It's so true. He's like, I'm seeing, it's as if my hat is tipped forward. Yeah. And I'm leaning on this loveseat like Mrs. Roper on a Fucking, if Mrs. Roper went and got some scissors and cut her calf tan in half, because Georgia doesn't fuck around with full length anything. You're all about the leg. Yeah, that's true. I do show a lot of leg. Well, 'cause it's, you know why That's Summer Georgia in full Effect. Full effect. Thank you. Whoever made that I, I did a kind of rude thing. I posted the picture Summer Karen, in full effect on my Twitter page.


And then after I did it went, oh, I probably should have found out who made that. Oh, right. Oh, I didn't have the name, Man. Fucking credit gives me so much stress. I know. Like, I won't, it's so hard to make sure that everyone gets credit and you don't want them to hate you and stop making shit. That's right. Well, Here's the thing. You have a job that you go to every day. You have dogs, which everyone knows is very stressful. I have ex no day job. I mean, I work from time to time. You do stuff though. Yeah. I have extreme anxiety, which causes me to constantly do things. Yeah. Which is great. Mine causes me to constantly not do things. That's interesting. Oh, because you're like, I can't do this.


Right. I'm not even, this is gonna suck. I won't do it. Exactly. I freeze up. I have perfectionism and then I'm, yeah. I just go, fuck it. I've, I spent my life saying fuck it, essentially. Wow. Because I'm, I don't have perfectionism, so I'm like, let's fucking try this and see what happens. And then we'll learn from our mistakes and we can quit it if it sucks. That's The way to be. Yeah. Like if you do everything, like if at a, at a, at a b plus, you know, and, and no one else does anything else because they think they're gonna get a B, then that rounds up to an A then I Get a fucking a hell. Yeah. You know what? You know what I mean? I Like this. I just, I have to rely on other people's perfection, anxieties and to just deliver mine. God, that's really smart. Did I tell you my grandma's, my grandma saying bigger dummies than you.


Yeah, that's Right. You know, it's so good. It's So good and bad at the same time. My grandma sang was Be Quiet Now, Is she Romanian? No, that's Irish. Oh, She was, she's southern. She was vampire or Something. I'll be quiet now. Oh, I hear it now. She was a gypsy. I only saw her once. I love it. Yeah. Yeah. Just try it and if it sucks, you can just walk away from it, Girl. I'm about it. I mean, you were right about this podcast, But, oh, like let's walk away from it. No, no. Like just try it. Why don't we try it? Let's Just do one and see how it goes. That's my whole motto. Yeah, let's do one and see how it goes.


It's very smart. And now everyone's making these awesome crafts, which by the way, I gave my fucking PO box on the Facebook. Is that a mistake? No, it's a PO box. I know, but man, What do you think? Someone's gonna go stand by the PO box and wait for you. Yeah, No, that's the, the whole point of PO box is is there's someone that works there and if someone just starts standing by a PO box, they're like, Hey, right. Hey, weirdo with the kitchen knife. Get the fuck outta here. I'm just, I don't know why I'm just gonna always go with Vince. So anyone who's thinking about beating me up, I'm going my big tall husband who will probably do nothing. I Love the idea. A PO box would make you this nervous.


See, this is like we're now, we're opposite scenes again. This is where I'm brave. Where I would just be like, come at me. Give it your best. I'm terrified. I know, but who cares? I mean, you could take a nice swing at somebody. What a stupid way to die though. Like what? I feel like if I heard that like this girl who has a True crime podcast, put her PO box up and got killed. What a fucking idiot. Why did she do that? That's what I would think. I wouldn't po. Po Box is like the most vague. Like if it's a city, you don't even know if the person lives in that city. You know, you just got the PO box. That's true. And also, this is Los Angeles. There's so many people here.


Yeah. So Like, I almost wanna say millions. That sounds fucking right to me, Dude. I dare say That sounds right. Okay. All right. I Mean there And also, no offense, but there's better po boxes to stand next to. Oh that everything was great up until you just said that. And Now I'm better dummies than you. So sad. There's so many better dummies in this town. Oh no, Thank you. Don't be sad. Makes you feel better. I meant that in the complimentary way. Is there one? No, but I mean, Justin Timberlake lives here somewhere. That's what I'm saying. Okay. That's what I mean. Go kill. Don't kill Justin Timberlake. You guys. I was just gonna say go kill him. But I don. That's not okay.


The people who kill are not influenceable by these podcasts. We can't. They're not gonna be like with their murder kit under the, yeah. The passenger seat. And then be like, you know what girls? Yeah. You show me the way No one diabolically listens to a podcast. People only at like, at least medium joyfully listen to podcasts. No one's like, Now we're baiting people. I Don. Yeah. People are like, I'm gonna show her. There's no like Mr. Burns esque podcast listeners sitting at his desk going, you know, with his fingers and like, no, he doesn't listen. Marge listens. Simpsons. This all this podcast always comes back to The Simpsons. Lisa. Totally fan. Oh, Lisa's on that Facebook page.


NPR for sure. Oh, I saw. Can I recommend a Netflix series that I watched all of in one day? All Always All of, always All Olive. This is from our new section. Olives, all of time. Olive Olives. Always all of you. It's called Marcella or Marcella, they pronounce it 'cause they're British. So they'll do a fancy pronunciation that baffles me as we've, I've already proven it's with Anna Friel. It's super good. It's female homicide detective who's all screwed up as the, all the good ones are, we're always screwed up. I watched the whole season, which I think was eight episodes, maybe more in a day.


And it was so good. And there's a couple people on the Facebook page who have recommended it. What's it called? Marcella. Marcella is how it's spelled. Where does she watch it? Steve? I wanna watch it. I haven't seen It yet. I totally, you should watch it. I've Never heard Of it. It's really good. And it's like, I mean, do you like, do you like those kinds of per procedurals? Like a Luther or a What? What country of origin? England. Okay. Y yes and no. Okay. It just depends. Sometimes I, sometimes it just, what do You need? What? What do you need in it? Oh, you know what I loved is the one I'm like not gonna remember the name.


The one with the woman. It was. Oh yes, that one I love. Was she dead? No, she was a police detective and she was incredible. Oh, Happy Valley. Yes. Yes. I loved Happy Valley. And then there was another one and I was just like, I can't with this. I don't care. I, it's, I just don't know. Maybe You need yours more character driven. Like Happy Valley is almost more about her family. Yeah. Her trying to deal with just her shit. Yeah. I guess it was like there about her. I could legitimately see why she was fucked up and sad. Yes. And it wasn't like just go get a fucking coffee and cheer up. Yes. Or like Right sometimes you don't have To talk like this. All like Yeah. I didn't do those like dramatic bullshit things like talking in dramatic voices and, and words that no one would ever fucking say.


Not that I can understand everything that I said on that show because there's some thick accents. But You watched the second season, right? I Don if I finished it yet. Oh, it's the best. Okay. The best. Yeah. Sorry, go On. No, no, no. That's just my recommendation. There was like one lone person was like, did anybody watch this? It's so good. So I found that on the Facebook page and I was like, I did, I loved it. There was maybe there were two people actually. Sorry, but I just wanted to, to tell more people if, if people liked British procedurals. Like a Luther or a, I don't know. Dexter was that good? No, people Watch that. I did not like Dexter. Never saw it. It was super cheesy. It's a different type of Yeah.


Procedural because it's, it was very heavy handed. It was also narrated, which I almost always hate. Oh, interesting. Was it like CSIE? It was actually, but yes. No interest. It was CSIE and, but Michael Sea Hall is awesome. He's from six feet under. Oh Yeah, of course. He's great. And It's like, the storylines are interesting 'cause it's serial killer stuff. But there was just a lot of like, I don't know. And it too much it, it didn't do it the way I like it. I went to his house on 4th of July once. Really? Yeah. That's Now this is a, we'll call this, this area's called Celebrity center. It's called Who stock at a PO box besides Georgia.


Let's talk about it. Michael c Hall's a good person. Michael C. Hall, for example. I know where he fucking lives, you guys. Yeah. If you're thinking of killing me at my PO box, let me know and I'll give you Michael C Hall's address. Good. Throw him under the box or give, why don't you have your mail sent to his pardon? Mailbox. Okay. I can't wait to see what we, like what we start getting though. Like as much as I'm scared of dying, I'm also excited for like presents For living. Yeah. Yes. Someone I, I don't even wanna talk about it yet, but someone's made us lipsticks. What? Like our flavor of lips. Like a Karen kill Gareth lipstick and a Georgia Heart. No, Can't. Can you even fucking go? I'm, I couldn't be more excited. I know. I don't even wanna talk about it yet because I just wanna open the box with you. Should I open before and present to present to you?


Did However you Like to do it? Or should I, should we open the stuff together? I have a feeling you have a very specific way you like to do things. A male situation. Well, I mean, yeah, probably things in general, but like do you, would, do you like to have it be a surprise? Remember last time I was afraid moths were gonna come out. That's like a thing. I like a surprise. But probably because you, I knew you knew everything about it. Yeah, we can do either way. I guess it depe, I don't know. We can do anything. It might be fun to open it together. Yeah. And neither of us know What if we open it and then we have to fake our response 'cause we're not that stoked on it. Or like, you know, I used to work at Bio Bottoms, which was a children's natural fiber clothing company in my hometown.


Okay. And the returns depart bio bottoms. It was called Bio Bottoms. They made a shit ton of money. I bet. But the returns department used to come and tell us weird shit that they got and they're like, what? Like just dog shit. Like someone sent back a box that just had an old dried piece of dog Shit in it. No. Yeah. Okay. I'll open it first. And then we, I mean as much as it would be fun to do that live. No, let's do it live. If we got, we should get like corners, like goggles. The full suit Gloves, hazmat. Yeah. Go hazmat with it. Or we should we open it all on video and post that somewhere?


Yeah. Make people pay to watch us open mail. That's a good idea. Yeah. I mean why not pay to open free shit. Come on. Yeah. We should do it on video. Here I go again with my fucking Plans and schemes. Plans and schemes. You're the architect of this high rise building that we're no living in. We Do this together. I'm just a Conduit Fueled by too much coffee And Adderall And the Invisalign. Invisalign In. I just took outta my mouth because I realized how awful it sounded. I actually get great joy from watching you take your Invisalign out of your mouth because it looks like it's three times bigger than your mouth as you take it out.


Ah, yeah. Like it's so, it's an event. It is. I I feel like, and then there's like a, like a string of saliva attached to it. It's real sexy. It's fun. So you know what's some, someone recently emailed me and said, I listened to your podcast and you thank you for talking about depression and anxiety. I have it and I've never done anything. Where do I even start to find a therapist? Hmm. And I was like so stoked this person wrote me. Because to me it's like fucking second nature. I've been doing this since I was 12. So I'm just like, what? And so I gave them Psychology Today has a great, a great page. You put in your zip code and it tells you the psychologist in your area. That's how I found my therapist. Yeah. I found most of my therapists through that.


And I love my therapist. I've been with her for like 12 years. Yeah. Really? Wow. Yeah. And that's, it was one day I think I tried one other person 'cause I told my friend who was a therapist so I couldn't go to her. So she's like, just tell me what you want. I'll recommend. And I said, I need to talk to somebody that looks like Olympia Caucus. Well that was a mistake. You can't do it that way. No, you can't cast it in your mind then pretend you're gonna go act out scenes. They do have photos. Yes. On thing. And I've definitely been like, that's it. She looks like a hippie. Right. I don't wanna go to her. I don't wanna go into a cloud of pot to talk about my problem. Yeah. She, she doesn't know what it's like to just wear all this makeup all the time. I don't want someone who keeps interrupting my good stories. Their stories of Woodstock and the doors.


Yeah. No, that Psychology Today. Yeah. Is this shit that website. Yeah. So in case you're too scared to ask, Don't be scared. Everyone's in therapy. Yes. And everyone needs to be in therapy Also. Psychology Today is the freaking best magazine. Yeah, It's good. You should get it. It's All about understanding yourself. Yeah, sure. I'm sorry that was so condescending. Okay, we're back Georgia. Would you like to apologize to British Procedurals right now? Or Olivia Coleman? Personally? Personally, yes. My apologies to Olivia Coleman.


You are a fucking the queen of queens literally. And I'm fucking obsessed with you. British procedurals. Yes. It's still Karen's thing, but I, I support, I'm I'm forcing your hand on that one. You're just, you're just being nice. Little bit, A little bit sometimes. Depends. We still have that PO box, right? We still have that PO box and luckily I don't pick up that mail anymore if you can believe it. Nice. So feel free to go and hang out at the PO box, but also send us whatever the fuck you feel like sending us. We get wedding invites, we've gotten maple syrup, we've gotten hot dog earrings, paintings of Steven so much. Like I have a wall full of paintings of my cats like in my office right now.


Yeah. It's just my favorite thing. It's Pretty great. You guys have been very generous over the years, but if you haven't been generous, you still have a chance. The PO box is My favorite Murder, Inc. At PO Box 3 9 5 8 5 LACA 9 0 0 3 9. So yeah, The explanation I had to give to the guy at the post office to get My favorite murder like listed, he looked at me very strangely and I had to, you know, get my dimples going to be like, everything's okay. It's fine, don't worry, it's about something else. I mean, it's cute, Don't worry about it. You're like, and as if that would be the creepiest thing that's ever happened at a PO Box.


Come on. Right. Grow up. All right. So this is when I first share my grandma Molly's saying Bigger dummies than you, which makes me so happy. I was just in an episode of the Therapy podcast, your mental breakdown. And I talk about this saying specifically and how much it means to me that it's become part of our lore because it just like memorializes my grandma. And I love that. And it also just lets people know that you can have a little wider perspective when you're feeling insecure, when you're feeling like you have self-doubt. Yeah. That like you have to think about what's gone on in the world for the last couple thousands of years and how dumb a lot of people have been and they're, they weren't insecure And they've accomplished everything.


So like yeah, you can fucking do it too. Get out there with your talent and your brains please. This isn't the same. But my friend Crystal is a Pilates instructor and I had like this toe nail surgery mishap and you know, I love my feet. They're so cute. And I was like bitching to her about how my toe is ruined. And she goes, Georgia, have you not seen other people's feet? She's like, I see people's feet all the time. She's a flies instructor. I promise yours are still like on top. And I just stopped caring about the toe thing. Like it really helped me. I forgot that other people have hideous feet. I love crystal. And so even mine, I mean she really did it for me. Grandma Molly and Crystal High Fives all around.


Everyone's doing incredible job. It's very important to have other people help you keep perspective. You can't do it for yourself all the time. Yeah. Shame thrives in the shadows, right? That's right. That's What Brene Brown Brown says. Yeah. So fucking scream that shit to the ceiling, might as well. And let your friends and your grandma talk you down. So Karen, this is when you tell your like legit classic, I mean awful hometown. A true hometown of mine. A True hometown. I mean I, I don't know why like re-listening and remembering that you worked with Polly Class's mother. I completely forgot that. I mean yeah. This is such a hometown for you.


Well and it's that kind of thing where like when you thought of the idea of people sending in their hometowns, the idea is there's so many people that have like these kinds of connections. It didn't happen to you, it didn't happen in your family. Right. But it happened in a way that affected you. It's like Michelle McNamara and I'll Be Gone In the Dark. Yeah. Where it's like these things happen around us and it affects us and watching how it affects other people affects us. And if you are an empathetic human being, you know, the fact that these senseless murders happen, there is a ripple effect. And that ripple effect matters. And people, there is the tragedy and there's the part that shuts people down entirely.


Yeah. And then there's the part where then people become detectives, they become forensic scientists, they become victims advocates. Like, you know, the ripple effect isn't sometimes can actually end up doing good. Which is a, a pretty cool thing that I think as this podcast progressed, we started to get a handle on where it went less from the salacious kind of, oh, Ted Bundy, blah blah, blah. You know, nineties attitude that we came up with. And then it turned into like this, this is real. These are human stories. Yeah. And the fact that like for a lot of us, these stories have stuck with us in a way that we're not allowed to talk about because we're not involved and we're not, you know, it, it is the victim story.


It is their family. We're not that, we're not trying to say that like, you know, boohoo us, but like they've stuck with us and in our heart in a way that we've never been able to get out because people don't talk about this. And I feel like we've given people a platform to talk about it and still acknowledge that they care about it even though they're not directly Involved. And I mean there's no better proof of that than web sleuths people that are online actually doing that work. Yeah. That could actually get cold cases solved. Like that's real. And that is, has nothing to do with like the, the media aspect of it. It's like the people going and trying to help get the job done. Yeah. Like the Dough network. Yeah. All of that.


It's incredible. It's incredible. Alright, well let's listen to Karen's hometown story. The murder of Polly Class.


You're used to shopping online for everything from toothpaste and socks to a bow tie for your dog. But did You know that you can buy a brand new Hyundai online with Hyundai Showroom on Amazon? You can add a car to your cart. Forget everything you thought you knew about car buying. Hyundai has streamlined the process with their showroom They've made. Buying a car as easy as possible, you can do most of it without even leaving your couch. And why not add some paper towels to your cart while you're at It? This first of its kind digital shopping destination makes it easier than ever to get the Hyundai you've always dreamed of before you add to cart. Pick the model you want from a local dealer. You can filter by color and trim so you can get a car with all the features you're looking for. This is an entirely new and exciting approach to car buying. But the best part is the Amazon showroom is a shopping experience you already know and trust. You'll See transparent pricing upfront so there are no surprises. Run credit secure financing and sign most of the paperwork right there online. Then head to your local dealer to finalize the details and pick up your car. It's really that easy. Experience the future of car buying for yourself. Get all the details and discover the Hyundai car or SUV that's perfect for you. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Limited Availability only through participating Hyundai dealers and Select Markets. This program is available for the purchase of new vehicles and is not currently available for Lisa's Goodbye.


Goodbye


Skincare trends come and go. But do you know what doesn't? Science I love Science One Skin is backed by real research to help your skin stay resilient and youthful for years to come. Their Proprietary OS one peptide is the first peptide scientifically proven to reverse skin aging by switching off the dysfunctional senescent cells that cause lines, wrinkles, and crepey skin. And one skin isn't just about looking good, they focus on the deeper aspects of skin health. Optimizing your skin's biology at the cellular level so it's more resilient to the aging process. They combine tissue engineering, data analysis and cutting edge longevity science to create the world's most effective product to target skin Aging. Founded and led by an all woman team of skin longevity scientists One Skin is redefining the aging process with their proprietary OS one peptide, the first ingredient proven to help skin look, feel, and behave like its younger self. Get 15% off with code murder@oneskin.co. That's 15% off@oneskin.co with Code Murder. After your purchase, they'll ask where you heard about them. Please support our show and tell them that we sent you. Invest in the health and longevity of your skin with one skin your future self will. Thank you. Goodbye. Goodbye.


So we're only a few weeks into 2025 and I think everyone's ready for 2026. If you're starting the year feeling stressed to everyone, anxious everyone, or just need someone to talk to, you're not alone. Therapy is a great way to process your feelings and Talkspace is the leading virtual therapy provider. Talkspace brings therapy to you so you can get support from the comfort and privacy of your home. While Therapy can be costly, Talkspace is affordable and in network with most insurance providers. Most insured members have a $0 copay. You can easily sign up online and get paired with a licensed provider that fits your needs typically within 48 hours. I love that this is available to anyone who needs it because I needed this way back when and now I do Telehealth pretty much solely. And it has really changed therapy for me. Being able to have one of my cats on my lap and being on my comfy couch in the comfort of my home has really made a difference between how I connect with my therapist. And as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month of Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80 To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80 to get $80 off your first month and show your support for the show. That's talkspace.com/mfm promo code space 80. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Who's gone first This week? I think it's you Skipper Times Come back to us skippers. Oh, if it's mine This week. If I go first, I've, oh, I've been, this past week has been quite crazed. Do You want me to go First? No, no, no. I can go. Okay. But I just want, I just need a little ramp up of, I had plans and schemes about what I was gonna do and then realized I needed to do more work. Like really dig in and do some serious research. 'cause that's the thing is sometimes you go to talk about, so I wanna do Ted Bundy because I'm three quarters of the way through that and rule book The Stranger Beside Me, which is amazing.


There's other people on the Facebook page reading it. So I love that, that we're reading it at the same time, but I, when I do it, it should be comprehensive and not, you know, half-assed. 'cause he is, yeah, he's pretty much one of the most famous serial killers of our time and Very fast. Well, and like sometimes when you will like pick a part of that story or pick, you know, you don't have to tell him from start to finish, but like, you know, the co-ed murders that he did. Yeah. Like if you pick a thing from it or how Richard Ramirez got caught, I think that was an amazing story on its own. I'll say what I'm passionate about, about Ted Bundy. But no, when I do it, it's gonna be a a three hour presentation.


Okay. I'll just take a nap. Okay. Just read The book on the podcast. Yes, exactly. In kind of a slow low voice where people are just like, all right, I was trying to get through my workday this, but whatever you feel like doing is fine. Yeah. This podcast Has changed. It's a bummer. No. So I figured I would go back to my roots and I'm going to do my hometown murder, which is the most famous murder from my hometown, which is the poly class murder. Oh Girl. And the other reason I'm telling this is because not only was it a firsthand experience, I didn't live in my hometown when she was kidnapped, but I lived in San Francisco and I would go home for holidays and I was back and forth all the time.


But Polly Klaus's mother is a woman named Eve and Eve was my boss at the last job I had when I lived in Petaluma, which was holy at the bottoms, the natural fiber children's clothing. Oh my God. Dun dun dun. It comes back around. So I actually didn't mean to make that reference, but then I was doing it and I was like, oh, I'm probably doing this on purpose subconsciously. But it was very strange because it's, there's a lot of, a lot of the times we look and we research these stories and it's these places that are like, you know, when we, when we talk about like the police messing up an investigation or things, you know, things getting screwed up or whatever, a lot of times it's because it's towns that have never had a crime.


Yeah. To that degree, a murder or kidnapping or something where people don't have the experience and most of their career as a cop is pulling people over, you know, giving people like DUIs and stuff. Totally. And it's before the internet, so you don't really experience, I mean now we can read about other crimes in other cities ad nauseum. Yeah. And people, and all police stations are, and cops are more connected because of the internet. So that's like that whole east area rapist, the Golden State killer thing where there were, you know, there were police departments who were keeping information from each other Totally. Because they were the ones that wanted the call. That's, it's like all of that in the way that, you know, that criminal science is kind of developing because of the internet.


Yeah. So, so my hometown is Petaluma, California, and it is one of those towns where when I was growing up there, I think it, the population was somewhere around 32,000. So it was a small farm town basically. So the, the main town itself, there was like the downtown area, the east side had like more of like the newer development tract homes, kind of everyone on the east side had like a two story house. But on my side, on the west side, that was out where all the dairy and chicken ranches were. So that's, I grew up five miles outside of town. And so we basically were, it was the country.


And so when we, like when I was growing up, we didn't have cable. Holy shit. We only had four channel. We only got four channels on our TV and we couldn't get pizza delivered to our house. Wow. Because we lived too far out of town. And that was how a lot of kids I knew grew up. Yeah. It was just country, country. That just seems like, I can't imagine being that far, like as someone who grew up literally with like shared walls with other apartments. Oh yeah. I just can't even imagine living in that much space. Yeah, it's, it's weird. It's like, you know, that we didn't have sidewalks, we didn't have, we didn't have streetlights. Holy shit. So at night, I think now they do on the street that I, I grew up on, but like at the time, like there was, when you drove at night out where I grew up, it was pitch black.


I don't even know what that look like. I have never seen the stars like that unless I'm camping or something. It's so fun when I go to my dad's house for like holidays, I get out of the car and I stand in his driveway and they'll be like, come on. Crazy. Like, it's like it's stars from like horizon to horizon. Yeah. People, it's crazy. People who aren't in LA or New York or a big city don't, there's no stars because there's so much light pollution that you just can't see. You See, we can never see stars here. Never. And the, and people that live in like, oh my god, if you live in like Kansas Yeah. Or like, ugh, somewhere that's like kind of low population and, and no light pollution. Totally. Dang. Dang. Dude. We used to lay out at nights in the summertime, our next door neighbor, the Whittingtons had a pool and we would sometimes have like a, a slumber party where we'd all lay in sleeping bags next to their pool and we would lay on their Cha's lounges and look up and there would just be shooting stars all night long.


We just, that's all we did was go, there's one, there's one, there's one. It was awesome. That's amazing. So anyway, that's basically the feel of this town. Yeah. This was the kind of town where, and I think I've told the story before in the show, but like in my town that one time a guy on the street tried to purse snatch a lady's purse and everyone on the sidewalk chased him up the street. Yes. It's that everyone knows each other. Everyone's from there. People like stay there, grow up there, stay there, raise their kids there. There's generations and generations of like ranching people of, of all kinds of people. So it's cool. It's, I feel now I feel lucky when I was growing up there, I was like, get me out of here.


Of course I want to go to Manhattan. Right. So when this happened, it happened, it was a little house that was on the, a little walnut park that was, I think it's Walnut Park, a little park that's in the kinda city center. And it's really cute. My friend Heidi Peterson's mom actually had a house. So it's basically a park in the center and then the, you know, four streets squaring around it. So it Wasn't little houses rural, it wasn't in the middle of nowhere. No. They lived downtown Petaluma. Wow. So they lived walking distance. Like the main part of downtown is like Petaluma Boulevard and Western.


And that's where like the really old buildings, the old two and three story buildings are, they lived probably 10 blocks from that part of town. Wow. So, but still, and this was, this happened in 1993, but even then, this was the kind of town where people did not lock their front door. Yeah. You just didn't, there was no reason To didn't. No, I, it seems like such a, like what everyone says, like you didn't lock your door, but like we did. I don't think you did. Right. Until like It was, I think that's also the, that's that thing of like people as as we get older Yeah. And as this kind of like 2020 generation grows up.


Yes. It's that thing of like, now we just know what happens to other people. Right. Our parents didn't do it because they came from a time when you didn't have to. We do it as adults because we Grew up because we know the possibility grew up. Right. We didn't understand the possibility as much, I think Yeah. But also in these small towns that it just didn't happen there. Yeah. So it wasn't like, you're like, well we should be careful anyway. It'd be like, don't be weird. Yeah. Like, there's no reason. So on October 1st, 1993, Polly was having a slumber party with two of her friends. And Eve was in the front of the house. Her mom was in the front of the house and somebody came in their back door, walked into her bedroom.


And the the rumor is that he said, which one of you lives here now? I know a bunch of small town rumors about this case and they could completely be bullshit. Yeah. But I'm basically just telling you this how I know. Oh, I wanna hear those. Wait, so how old was she? She At the time was 12. Okay. And so were they sleeping already? No, they were all awake. They were awake and like hanging out doing slumber party stuff. And the mom was awake and everything. Yes. Holy shit. Yeah. So he tied the friends up first and put sleep pillowcases over their head and they, then he took her out of the house and that he told them to count to a thousand or kill them.


Jesus. So they, once they heard him go, they got free and then ran to the front of the house and said someone took Polly. Good for them. So the other thing is Dave Anthony, the co-host of the Dollop. Right. My first comedy boyfriend when we lived in San Francisco, he still worked at the bank in his hometown, which is Novato the town next, like the town next to my town. Oh shit. Going south to San Francisco. And his boss at that bank, his daughter was one of those two girls. So when this shit kicked off, it was like everyone you knew was affected in some way. Yeah. Everyone you knew knew a person.


Everyone you knew. Like my sister's best friend Adrian, who is basically like my sister too. She, she pulled out a, a photo album one time. 'cause she also worked at Bio Bottoms. That job was actually really awesome. It was like paid you way more than minimum wage. Right. It was a And we basically just sat there from like six in the morning until two in the afternoon and took calls. And took orders and so you could actually make kind of a good living. Yeah. And, and then have the rest of your day done. So she was like a young mother. She worked there with me. She pulled out a photo album one time of there was somebody had a baby shower and everybody was there and Eve brought Polly to that baby shower. So this girl was like, it's that thing where it's not just Oh, a girl from our town.


Yeah. We all feel so everybody knew this family. Holy Shit. That's like, that's so crazy that when there's this like, and I've noticed this with hometown murders that're all like my brother's best friend from college. Or it's always someone, you know, it's not just the hometown murder, the thing that happened in their hometown. It's like a thing that could have been them or they knew the people or they affect, you know, affected them somehow. Totally. So Interesting. Well, and that, I think that's also that thing that ties us into it is because like, I remember the first time I went home, my sister called me to tell me that it happened. And the first time I went home I drove. So to get off the freeway, I have to drive up Petaluma Boulevard.


And then my parents now live it. My dad lives in town. Okay. They finally, of course when we graduated from high school and moved out, that's when my parents moved into town. Fuck. And got cable and ordered pizza constantly. They didn't have Cable until you left for College? No, no. I, my, I, my friends would talk about the Brady Bunch. That was like on Channel 44, which was like, oh that's the San Francisco station that like other people have. Yeah. We just had dipshit Gilligan's Island. Anyway, I'm not, I'm not shaming you. It's just like, it's such an interesting fact of your life. Yeah. It's so weird. And also 'cause my dad's a fireman, which is this classic move of fireman, which was, we have cable in the firehouse. We don't need that shit because, So he saw all the terrible stuff that cable provided and he was like, I'm keeping that away from my kids.


And Yet essentially, and yet it didn't make a fucking difference. Look at you now. Look at the Things I'm talking about. How much I say the F Word. It has no, it had no bearing on your life at all. I think it did pushed me the other direction. Probably. That's why I'm a satanist. Just kidding. Dad. He's not listening to this. So anyway, what, the first time I came home after my sister told me about it, I'm pretty sure it was for Thanksgiving. Was it? Or Maybe it was somewhere in the middle of November. The entire town. 'cause her Polly's favorite color was purple. The entire town in every fucking car had a purple bow on it. Like the, like a purple ribbon, like the yellow ribbon for soldiers.


Yeah. There was purple ribbons for waiting for Polly to get found. How long had she been gone by that point? Well that she got kidnapped on October 1st. Wow. And so this was probably three weeks. It was everywhere. And it was like, it gave me the chills at, by the time I got to my parents' house I was crying. Oh no. It was so heavy. Then my sister, who loves to be this person, started telling me all the stuff that she heard. And apparently, so that happened the night of October 1st. The next day they had to tell all the kids at Pluma Junior High. 'cause she was in I believe seventh grade. Yeah. And the, she was in is the beginning of seventh grade. Like it was October.


She'd probably only been in school for a couple months. Yeah. They made the announcement that she was missing and they had flyers that said, have you seen me? And they said, after school, we want you all to hand these out everywhere you can. The kids got, took the flyers and all got up and left school Right. That moment and went out into the town. Oh. Like are you crying and Star Yep. Started that. My sister told me that story and I sobbed for like 10 minutes straight. Oh my God. Because it's like these kids, this was a girl that was their friend. Yeah. This was the girl they had a crush on. Yeah. This was like a real person, a human being that someone just fucking took out of her room. I mean, it's so brazen that it's, It's a nightmare.


It's, It's even scarier that it's just like, not other circumstances. Like she was alone or you know, her parents weren't home or something. It's exactly. It's just like, can't blame it. Well, how do you protect Yourself? Blame it. You can't blame anything. Yeah, exactly. Right. And and also that yeah, it's just, it's every parent's nightmare. It's every kid's nightmare. Yeah. So the young, the young children of that class in Petal High at Petaluma Junior High, I've always had just this like the biggest warm spot in my heart for them because also it was just like, we don't give a fuck. Like put us on detention. What are you gonna do? Yeah. We are gonna go do everything we can to help find her. Yeah. And How can you sit through the rest of the school day?


I mean, I get it. No, I mean, I'm sure you know, but it's just, it was kind of just a beautiful, incredibly sad thing. Yeah. And the whole town took it that way. I mean, everybody, you know, they, they, so Winona writer is from my hometown. Okay. And she, I think she also grew up like out in the country like I did. And she went to Petaluma Junior High and Petaluma High School. And she came back and she made the announcement when they were still looking for her. So they ended up finding her, or No, they, they ended up like making an arrest near the end of November, the beginning of December.


So somewhere in there, like at the end of November, Winona Rider went on TV and made an announcement at National News Wow. Saying this girl's missing, if you've seen her, you, we love her. She's part of the community. This is my town. Like all the shit where, you know, I'm sitting in an apartment in San Francisco watching it being like, this is so weird. This is my, this is where I grew up. This is my whole life. And like, and it's everyone going like, yeah, this is, this is our girl. Like we have to find her. Someone has to do something. So the horrible part of all of it is these, the, the policemen, the petal police actually immediately called in the FBI.


They did all that stuff that we talked, we talked about like an there's other or Novato that other murder that young girl where they just immediately call the FBI. Like they know they're in over their head. They do the whole missing persons thing. But the problem was the night that it happened, when the a PB went out, it went out on the sheriff's channel, which was channel one. And that night there was some Sonoma Valley police officers that found, so a woman was babysitting at her boss's house and she saw a car that was on her boss's private road.


And so she called the police and said, I don't know who this guy is, but there's a car sitting down there stuck in a ditch and someone needs to come. So it was the, from, from what I saw in Wikipedia, it said Sonoma Valley police. I'm not sure if that's accurate or what area they were in. Yeah. But it was, it was somewhere kind of in the rural part. So it all goes, kind of starts going by county. So it might have been Sonoma County Sheriff, Sonoma County Police, whatever. But they called the police to go out there and the police who went were on Channel three. Oh this was before they had United all of the a PB channels. Oh God. So if the A PB went out for the sheriff's department, it only went out to the other sheriff's on channel one.


I guess. Fuck, now they have it be because of this kidnapping and this murder. They changed all of that. So the second an A PB goes out and 9 1 1 whatever thing like that, everybody hears it on all of those channels. But it wasn't like that then. So these two cops go up and they check this guy out. They don't know, they don't like how he looks. They don't like where he is. They don't, he, they're asking him a bunch of questions. He's got an open container. He's clearly been drinking. He's got leaves in his hair and he's got shit on him. And, but they searched the car. There's nothing going on. There's nothing in the car. So there's nothing they can do. They told, they really didn't like, they just the feel of it knowing nothing about what was going on.


They didn't like him. But they told the, and this is gonna sound blamey, but it's, it's one of those things where it's like you, it's better to overdo it than not do anything at all. Definitely. Because they told the property owner, you need to make a citizen's arrest so we can arrest this guy. 'cause we can't, there's nothing that's going on that we can do anything about. 'cause this is a private road, it's your property. So you need to come out and say, I want you're under citizen's arrest and then we can take him away. And the property owner was like, I don't wanna do that. Yeah. So they just, that's understandable because then he knows where she lives. That's exactly right. The minute she, you know, he gets let out.


Yeah. So, so they have to let him go. Yeah. But what they did was they did, they basically did every little piece. This is like now the opposite of most of the stories we hear. These cops did every little piece of paperwork they possibly could about this guy. They took his name, they took all the information about his car where they were the report and everything. And they filed the thing, it's called like an F1 file or something like that. And it was the one thing that they could basically do was, was fill out this, what is it called? It's called an, it doesn't really matter. It's like f an F1 card or something like that.


Okay. That basically says this was an event that happened that the police got called to that we don't like, but there's nothing we can do. But it happened and we want people to know. Okay. So They did that immediately. And then when did they find out that that's who that was? Sorry. It was an FI card it field interrogation card. Okay. So they have all his information, they have the car information. And what happened? Sorry, what was the question? That's, That makes sense. So when did they realize who it was? Or were you getting that? I thought that's what you meant. Oh, okay. So no, the, so once they left, they don't know on November 28th. So then it was basically two, two months later. Yeah. That same property owner is inspecting her property after loggers partially cleared the property of trees.


And she discovers items that make her think that they might have matched those used in the kidnapping. Oh no. So the sheriff department goes out there and they find a torn pair of ballet leggings that match by the FBI crime lab to the other part of the leggings that were taken as evidence the night of the kidnapping. So they basically, the, the theory is that he had already taken her out of the car and hidden her out in these bushes while, while, and then went back to the car. Then the cops pull up and he's just like, yeah, you can look at any shit that I want. 'cause she's tied up in the bushes over there.


They, they don't know whether or not he, when they arrested this guy, so this guy's named Richard Allen Davis. Okay. He has, he is on par with Charles Manson and how many times he has been arrested, been in jail, like the worst record miles long. He wouldn't tell them anything. He wouldn't tell them the, the events. Once he confessed that he's the one that, that killed her. He didn't, he wouldn't give them details of anything. So they would try to walk him through it and he just wouldn't say what happened or what he did or anything. He just admitted like they had all the enough evidence to bring him to trial. Yeah. And he basically was like, yeah, I did it.


Jesus. But he didn't, he didn't tell them He didn't, they don't know if she was murdered that night. Right. They don't know if he kept her for longer, but she wasn't found, her body wasn't found there. Her body was found off of the 1 0 1 freeway pretty far north up in Cloverfield. Which is like, it's so weird too. Like when I, you hear all these things, like, these are the towns where we played. We played against 'em in softball in high school. Yeah. It's like the town you would go to. We would go there on our way to Blue Lake Lake on our way to vacation. Right. Like every summer. No, I'm picturing places in Orange County and I can, I can make sense of that. Yeah. So it's just like, you're just thinking as you drive up.


It's also rural up there anyway. But as you drive up, you just look out and somewhere off the side of the highway there was a little girl's Body buried. I hate it. It's really awful. Essentially they, the three strike law was put into place after this case happened because this guy had such an insane record where it was like you can't just get arrested for a ton of terrible shit like 50 times in your life. Yeah. And not have and just keep getting out. Yeah. And keep doing stuff like this. Like he, he was, he was pretty awful. So he admitted to strangling her to death. But that's all the information that he would give.


I wonder Why he wouldn't, 'cause he was toying with them. You would think that if he had gotten them. Sorry, am I interrupting you? No, not at All. You would think that if he had not killed her before the cops came, he would've wanted them to know that So he can like taunt them almost. He was super weird. So when they, when they put 'em on trial, he did a bunch of weird shit. He flipped off like the jury. Like he was Manny in that way. Yeah. Where he, it was stuff like dur before they arrested him in my town. There was, the rumor was that the father did it. Oh fuck. And it was because there were like, he's got, you know, he owes money to the, he owes money for gambling.


He's this, he's that. And the father was on TV constantly. If you remember anything from this case, you remember Mark Klaus being on TV and talking about her. So I think a lot of people in my town, their reaction to that was like, it seems like you are enjoying this publicity a little too much. Wow. Looking back. That poor guy Yes. An awful thing to say. Yeah. Well that's small town gossip. Totally. You know what I mean? Where everyone's looking for the answer. Yeah. And so it's easy to get a target on your back. Sure. And also it just, it it's, it's one thing to be on the news crying and being like, I need my daughter back. But I don't know there, I, it was easy to kind of put that on him. Yeah. Because I think it would, he, he was a zealot.


But I mean, you know, that's, it's that thing of like, we don't know how people grieve. Right. And, and he could be the kind of person that's like, I just need to do something with myself. Sure. Look at Nicole Simpson and Ronald Gold. Ron Goldman's dad. Yeah. You know, that went out of his mind. Yeah. To, yeah. I mean, who's to say how, how you would act all that, how it would be, here's the good news, if any, about any of that. There's a, there's now they took the, there was this little church that, in this weird part of the road where I go to go to my dad's house, and they took that, and that's now called the Poly Class Center for the Performing Arts.


Mm. Because she was big into theater and she wanted to be an actress. And that was why it meant so much that Winona writer came back and talked about her. Yeah. It was all very sweet. So they've kind of dedicated that to like kids, you know, making sure kids like, I guess have a place to perform. And, I don't know, it's for that part, it's very sweet and positive. And the thing about they basically all the things that got fucked up in the beginning of, with through communication, they actually did stuff about. Sure. Yeah. That's great. So like the a PB thing and the three Strikes law there, like, a lot of good things came out of that. That's amazing. But also Richard Allen Davis actually had to get put into solitary because he was getting beaten up so much.


Oh. So God bless j Like that jailhouse justice. Yeah. Like they, they couldn't, they couldn't wait to beat this man up for killing this Girl. I mean, I wanna say good, but at the same time it's, you can't, can't say that There's no, yeah, there's no clean conscience. There's no good. But they actually, and he's on death row, he got the death sentence. So He's still alive now. He's still alive because California doesn't ever really execute anybody. So that it's just, it's people sitting on death row. But his lawyers actually tried to say, they try, they, they have tried to get, where is that, where's this part?


They basically tried to say that, that it's torturing him by making him wait to find out when he's gonna be executed. Oh, please. They tried to make that argument that it's like, that's, it's, Yeah. What do you call that? It's called inhumane. What is it called? I Don Dunno. Something like, yeah. It's something along those lines. Or it's just like, when you, when I read the paragraph, I was just like, you gotta be fucking cute. Who would actually have the balls to say that out loud? That Sometimes, sometimes I get really mad at lawyers. I don't, I don't wanna start the whole like, shit talking that we do about cops sometimes, because I know it's complicated and you promise to do these things and you're, and uphold the law. But sometimes I'm just like, I just don't know how they live with themselves sometimes when they're defending someone who's a monster.


Exactly. And, and doing the best that they can to, to, to get them off. I guess it's not, I guess you just wanna get them a fair trial. Yeah. It must be hard. I would never wanna be a lawyer. No. Ever. No. Oh, cruel on unusual punishment. There it is. Yeah. That's the one we were looking for. Wow. Yeah. That's Sad. So that's mine. I I actually had a lot of guilt for not doing this story earlier. Yeah. Because it's, it was, it's my real hometown murder. 'cause I knew, like I was, it was really a part of my life, but then also it feels bad Yeah. To talk about, like, I actually hesitated in saying her mom's name because I don't want it to seem like I'm trying to anything.


Well, Karen, you started crying and I don't think you've ever done that in any of them before. I don't think I have yet. So I feel like, like it, it's important and I don't think you should feel that at all. Okay. Also, there was, this is, there's another little girl that got killed in my town that no one talks about because she was black. Her name's George Georgia Moses. And that story is really sad and awful. I'll do it a different time. But that actually gets brought up a lot in tandem with poly class because it's like, poly class was a beautiful little girl. Right. Who was like the, you know, blonde. She was, no, she wasn't blonde, but she was, let's say She was blonde, She, but it's that thing of like, you know, the press loves Yeah.


Like a beautiful little martyr like that. Yeah. And then when it's a story of a girl who grew up on the wrong side of the tracks and had all the worst in her life, and then was just murdered, like just thrown away. No one talks about it. Yeah. And except for Tom Waites, who lives in my town, who lives way out in the country, wrote a song for Georgia Moses. Yeah. Aw. I bet you can find his PL box pretty easily. Is that terrible? Not at all. Thank you. Oh, Georgia Moses. I'm sorry. Yeah. But I'm all, yeah. That's fucking bummer. I know. Around. I know. How do you feel now? You Know what, I'm, I'm glad, I'm glad I said It.


Do you feel cleansed a little? No. Okay. No, I just think it's like, you know what, it's all around us. That's kind of the thing that Yeah. That I feel like keeps coming up on this podcast. It's like, this isn't special. No, I know. It happens. The people that it happens to are, and it's a, a full on tragedy in ways that you can't even take in, but it, it happens constantly. Yeah. It's like a, it's a very normal part of life, which I think once you, well, the reason we're doing that is because like, we're, we see that and we're freaked out by it and fascinated by it. And like, we could have a million episodes and not get to half the, the like everyday murders that just happen all the time.


Yeah. That you haven't heard about or you haven't didn't know the details For real. It's just, Yeah. Yeah. People get fucking murdered. Okay, we're back. I mean, ugh, that like, close call where he gets like, you know, his car gets searched by the cops. There's just no way they could have known, but she wants so bad for her to have been discovered at that moment. It's just like such a fucking tragic detail. So horrible. So horrible. Yeah. I mean, everything about this story is horrible. Obviously there are a few updates on this case in May of this year.


Richard Allen Davis's attorneys argued that his death sentence should be recalled because of recent changes to California sentencing laws. A California judge rejected the re-sentencing bid, and Davis is still on death row. And the Poly Class Foundation, a national nonprofit focused on recovering, missing children and promoting child safety policies, has assisted to this date 10,000 families in locating their missing children. That's amazing. Incredible. If you wanna donate to the Poly Class Foundation or learn more about them, please go to Poly, the name Polly, B-O-L-L-Y kl aas s.org.


Are you thinking what I'm thinking? Make a little donation to Poly Class Foundation. Yeah, that'd be amazing. Let's do it. I would love that. 10 grand to fucking poly class.org. The Poly Class Foundation. Yeah, That'd be great. Thank you. Oh, also, I talk about this, there was a kind of a parallel case that I brought up in this story, which is, is the murder of Georgia Lee Moses, which is, I believe still a cold case. And Georgia Lee Moses was a young black girl. I think she was 13 years old, or 12 years old, and she was found, I, I mean, I've already, you've heard me say it if you just listen to that clip, but it didn't get really any coverage, So, so we also donate to the Black and Missing Foundation.


Yes. Great idea. Beautiful. Okay, Let's go. It's black and missing I nnc.com. So 10 grand to them immediately. Yeah. We had De and Natalie Wilson on the podcast. I mean, when was that? Was that like two years ago or, That was during the Pandemic for sure. It was. Oh my God. But they were amazing. We got to talk to them about this foundation, about the work that they do. I believe there was a HBO docuseries about them. Definitely. Go watch that. Yeah. Incredible. All right, let's move on to more fucking horribleness, shall we? Okay, now it's time for Georgia's story, and she tells the legendary story of the murder of Kitty Genevieve.


Hey, Karen, I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh, yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twists and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View Monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard Forward Collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, this Is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with the standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, oh my God, once detected it sounds, alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh My God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call on the phone (562) 314-4603 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Hyundai vehicles have won over 120 IIHS Top Safety Awards from 2006 to 2024. As of December, 2024. Goodbye. Goodbye.


So we're only a few weeks into 2025, and I think everyone's ready for 2026. If you're starting the year feeling stressed to everyone, anxious everyone, or just need someone to talk to, you're not alone. Therapy is a great way to process your feelings. And Talkspace is the leading virtual therapy provider. Talkspace brings therapy to you so you can get support from the comfort and privacy of your home. While Therapy can be costly, Talkspace is affordable and in-network with most insurance providers. Most insured members have a $0 copay. You can easily sign up online and get paired with a licensed provider that fits your needs, typically within 48 hours. I love that this is available to anyone who needs it, because I needed this way back when, and now I do Telehealth pretty much solely. And it has really changed therapy for me. Being able to have one of my cats on my lap and being on my comfy couch in the comfort of my home has really made a difference between how I connect with my therapist. And as a listener of this podcast, you'll get $80 off your first month of Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80 To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com/mfm and enter promo code space 80 to get $80 off your first month and show your support for the show. That's Talkspace.com/mfm promo code space 80. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Love is in the air this season. Yeah. So Don't stink it up with your body odor. Whether you're cuddling up for a cozy date night or meeting someone new, Lumi has you covered literally everywhere. Lumi was created by an ob GYN, who saw firsthand how body odor negatively impacts people's confidence and quality of life. It's Thoughtfully formulated without parabens or baking soda and it's pH balanced. And Lumi has clinically proven to block and control odor for up to 72 hours. Choose from a variety of fresh, bright scents like clean tangerine, lavender, sage, or toasted coconut. Lummi Starter Pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant, two free products of your choice, like mini body wash and deodorant wipes, and free shipping As a special offer for listeners, new customers. Get 15% off all Lummi products with our exclusive Code. And if you combine the 15% off with your already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off their starter pack, Use code murder for 15% off your purchase@lummideodorant.com. That's code murder at L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. Please Support our show and tell them that we sent you Smell fresher, stay dryer, and boost your confidence from head to toe with Lumi. Goodbye.


What's your murder? So my murder, okay. Like a month and a half or two months ago, we got an email inviting us to the screening of a new documentary called The Witness. And it's a documentary about Kitty Gen Genovese is how you say it, right. Kitty Genovese. And we couldn't go. And so the guy sent us a screener to watch. He did? Yeah. Ooh. Didn't see that. There's like a password and shit. Oh, yeah. I'm not going, I I'm an email skimmer. Oh, okay. I'm constantly in trouble for it. That's hilarious. I like read into every single word on an email.


I'm like, what do they mean by that? I just saw that invitation and I was like, they invi It was a big, long thing about being invited, but there were no details where I was like, what time? Like where Yeah. What? And then I just kind of gave up after That. Yeah. It, I mean, and I was kind of like, okay, whatever about it. And this was like a while ago. And finally I started watching it last night and it's really fucking good. Oh, awesome. Yeah. The, the narrator, the guy who's kind of the, the, in the, in the shit of it, he's like the dude who, who you follow is Kitty Genovese's little brother. Wow. Yeah. In real life. Yes. Wow. So he, okay, so let me tell you about the murder a little bit.


Okay. I say so Catherine Kitty Genovese was stabbed to death outside her apartment building in Q Gardens. Queens. Like, I feel like everyone knows the story and that's why I was a little like, okay. Like I've heard the story a million fucking times. She's the girl that basically everyone is like, she was being stabbed. There were 38 witnesses from an apartment building across the street and no one did anything. And it kind of started the whole like the bystander effect. Bystander effect where nobody, you know, the more people watching something, the less likely anyone's going to intervene. Intervene. And it had, it had all these, like, these effects on New York and what's happening to the city and people are horrible.


And, you know, this kind of, this kind of awful thing of, of nobody helping. Yeah. It's in like every psych 1 0 1 class. Totally. Yeah. So talk all about that. Yeah. And so I don't wanna spoil the movie 'cause I think everyone should go see it, but I'm gonna talk about the, the murder so that people remember what it is. And also some of the interesting points from this movie without spoiling it. 'cause I don't think I could do that. It's really fucking good. Okay. So on March 13th, she finishes her shift at a sports bar. She's a, a bartender, and she gets home and parks her car at three in the morning at like a side parking lot, which sucks. And I feel like she immediately saw her killer Winston Mosley was like hanging out, clearly looking for a victim.


So she gets home at like three 15. She parks, it's about a hundred feet from her apartment door. Ugh. Yeah. So she's walking towards her building, he starts to approach her. She immediately starts running and like knowing something's going on, he overtakes her and snaps her twice right there on the sidewalk, right across the street from this huge apartment building. And so the story is that people came out and looked and no one fucking did anything. But in reality it's so much murkier than that. What it sounds like is that most people thought it was a lover's squirrel. They look out the window, but she's, but she yells, oh my God, he stabbed me.


Help me. But most people didn't hear her cry out in the beginning. Most people thought it was a bar brawl or a lover's quarrel. And by the time a lot of people looked out, he was running away. And, and so she walks around the corner stumbling to her apartment. And so people see her go around the corner and that's all they saw. And in reality, people did call, oh, the police. But back then you just called, you didn't call, there was no 9 1 1. Right. And this is part of the reason there is a 9 1 1 now is because they needed, they need, you know, you can't just call the police precinct to get people there. Okay.


The earliest calls to the police are unclear and weren't given a high priority by them. And it looks like some of them might not have even been logged. One witness that his father called the police after the initial attack and reported it, that a woman was beat up but got up and was staggering around. So no one knew she was actually being stabbed. Huh. So, So he fucking runs away when someone yells out the window, let that girl alone. This, like, you hear him in the documentary and he's like this salty old man. He's amazing. Let that girl alone. He runs away, she staggers off, he Mosley leaves comes back when he realizes that no cops are coming and finds her again.


Which is the most fucking terrifying part of this whole story. So you can't, if someone had come out to see how she was, and there was a doorman in the apartment building right across the street, if someone had come out, you know, maybe they could have helped her, brought her into their house. Instead she goes into the doorway of her apartment building, which has one, it's got one outside door and then a locked inside door and she's dying. And so she can't get her keys or unlocked that door. He fucking comes back and finds her in the stairwell just like a fucking deer that had been, you know, and he what?


And stabs her more. Stabs her more. They don't mention, I haven't finished the documentary yet, and they don't mention this. And maybe it's just because he can't fucking handle it, which is fair. But it, I read that he raped her after he stabbed her. After he, well, she was dying. Jesus. He raped her. I don't know if they're gonna mention it in the documentary. I I'm sure they will. 'cause it's a huge part of it. But I heard that in the, in the documentary it says that he attempted to, so I wonder, and the brother, it's so interesting because he's like, I've never been able to deal with, I I haven't known the details of this until recently because I just couldn't handle it. And it seems like it was a really tight knit family. Yeah. That's so understandable. I don't know how people No Deal with that.


When they find out the details of Horrible things That happen to their, their, like those next of kin. I mean, it's awful. I mean, they didn't, I guess the family didn't even go to the trial 'cause they just couldn't even handle it. I bet. You know? Yeah. Which is like, do you, I what's great about this documentary is it feels like this guy is kind of like, the more I know, the closer I'll be to her and I need to find out what happened and know the truth. Because this is the truth of the, of that crime now is what everyone wrote about it. And when people talk about it in sociology classes and shit, which is turning out not to be true. So, you know, the New York Times article said that it was 38 people witnessed it and didn't know, but so, but the upstairs neighbor looked out into the stairwell, sees her being stabbed, closes the door, and calls his girlfriend who said, don't get involved, but then later calls the police.


So like, dude, you should feel like shit, right? Yes. Yeah. It's like, but also it's New York City. I know. Like, it's that thing where Yeah, you don't, what are you gonna go out there and who knows what's actually happening? Totally. Is it just the lever squirrel? Do you really wanna get involved? It's Like, yeah. Not that I wouldn't get involved in the, in the, not that the woman deserves it because it's a lever squirrel, but But it makes sense, sense in that city setting Yeah. Where like anything can happen and you just don't know. Yeah. Right. You put your life at risk for a stranger who could turn around and be like, get the fuck. Totally. You don't know. Well, here's a really interesting, one of the parts of the documentary that I loved is he's interviewing a the kid and the family never knew that their next door neighbor, who was kitty's best, like one of her good friends, her, when, as soon as she found out what happened, put on her house coat, ran out and held Kitty until she, until the ambulance came.


Oh. And the, the brother in the documentary was like, I wish my, why didn't my family know that it would've meant so much to us to know that her friend was there while she died. And so the son is being interviewed her, the friend's son, and is like, here's the thing about this neighborhood. A lot of people were Holocaust survivors and a lot of people in that building were Holocaust survivors. And you don't, you don't intervene, you don't stick your nose, you don't, you know, get involved in what might happen with in, in cops, in police interrogations. You just fucking leave it alone. Which is such a sad thing that you would never think about. Right. You Know? Well those are people that are like, I've had plenty of trouble. I I'm not doing it anymore.


Right. You mind your fucking business. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's gross, but it's hard to, it's hard to argue. So Moley gets, gets caught a couple days later when he's burglarizing a house. He had no prior criminal record and he was married with three children and he got up the night of out of bed where his wife was sleeping to go find a woman to kill. What? Yeah. But he had actually killed two other women. Oh. And he had never been caught. And he did a bunch of burglars as well. Oh, So he is like a burgeoning serial killer. Totally. Absolutely. Let's see. He confessed confessed to 30 to 40 burglaries.


It's psychiatric examination. Suggested he was a Nile fuck. And then he said something, he said that he, his motive was simply he wanted to kill a woman. That was his motive. Yeah. It's pretty sick. So I have to say, I've seen the picture of that guy. He has very plucked eyebrows. He looks a lot like Prince and Richard Little had a baby. Richard Little. I'm not Richard. Little, little Richard. Richard. Oh my God. Where am I? Oh, No, no, he does, that's exactly right.


He, he looks like a drag queen at the end of her shit. Totally. Like washed it all off is ready to just, you know, high Cheekbones, high Cheekbones, very plucked eyebrows or something like a cat-like face. Yes. Ugh, weird. I'm picturing seeing that face standing above me, stabbing me. Ugh. Because What is the deal? What is the deal? So, all right, he confesses, let's see, he's a fucking negro. So in the seventies he, okay, so while in prison in the seventies, he gets a bachelor of arts in so sociology.


Okay, good. Which is Insane. Oh, good. Like there's, you're not using that for, for good, dude. You're using that to understand you Yes. How you can take advantage of people better. That is Ted Bundy action. Right. That's Ted Bundy was a psychology major, son of a bitch. Yep. And they know. Oh, that's, oh Man. And then during his, he was eligible for parole in 84, which is like, what the fuck. And at his first parole hearing, he told the parole board that parole, parole board that the notoriety he faced through his crimes made him a victim stating Yes, he's the victim. For sure. For a victim outside, it's a one time or one hour or one minute affair. But for the person who's caught it's forever.


Yeah. Much sadder. Yeah. Much sadder. Oh, You get a minute of murder and I have to live the rest of my life in jail. Well, you know what, how about you put your super sociological mind to that and say, then maybe don't stab people. Yeah. And you won't be so deeply victimized. Right. That's by your fucking shitty behavior. Yeah. You're correct. And that's why you don't fucking not, that's not the only reason, but that's one of the reasons you don't murder. Well, that's, this is the Brock Turner thing of like, this, this drunken girl is ruining my whole future. Right. And it's like, no rapist. Yeah. You ruined your future. Yeah. You did it dummy. Like they, it's, they, it's that it's very psychopathic. It's like you skip over the thing you did that made things happen.


Have you known people like that where you're like, how do you not see your role in this thing? Oh Yeah. And asked that because I'm sure you, I've stopped, I have stopped parts of say with pay with people like that. For that a very reason, the, if you cannot admit your own fault in your life, that that the behavior that you bring to the table is the thing that affects and, you know, creates the situation around you. If it's always other people Yeah. Then you have a major problem. It's so, so weird to see those people and like, I mean, it almost feels like the ar an argument or the blame thing is like a game to win. Yes. That's, and so as soon as they can get you to not blame them and to take it all on you, which I've fucking done many times with people Sure.


They win. You have to read the book, the sociopath next door. Yeah. Because I think in the, I think the numbers are, it's one in four Jesus of people are sociopaths and those people have no conscience. Everything is a power game to them. All they wanna do is beat you and they will beat you in terms of money, in terms of sex, in terms of status, that's all they care about. Yeah. And they don't have empathy. So you're constantly left going, I would never do this. Right. But it's like, yeah, that's right. 'cause this isn't, this person is nothing like you. Are You scared you're gonna, like, if you read that, you'll just like look for that in everyone.


I mean, I guess everyone, but You should look for in everyone. Yeah. You should. Because then you know, when you're being mindfuck, you'll go, oh my God, that's, oh, now I realize why I'm so, like you need to know that information. Yeah. Okay. You need to be able to spot a sociopath. I think that should be taught in high schools. I'm not kidding. Can I put it in a comic book so Vince doesn't see me reading that and think I'm like studying up on him. Vince Is not a sociopath. I know he's not. Oh, you just don't want him to see you. Yeah. Paying attention to it. Yeah. Or like being like, why are you reading that? Say, I'm doing it for you baby. Yeah. This is for, this is for the marriage. Should I say I'm a sociopath? I think our cats are sociopaths.


It one in four. I mean, if we had one more person in this room, it would be one of us. I'm thinking even It's, It's so easy to like put some of that on people I know. Well also because sometimes people just piss you off. So it's like calling someone a sociopath is very satisfying. Yeah. Because it's like, well this, this makes sense. It is. But I do know people who after being friends with them for a while and then being like, I cannot be friends with you anymore. You are like, you're basically a vampire. Yeah. Then when you, when you pull away and then you read this book, you go, holy shit. Yeah. I mean there's like a step-by-step thing where it's like, is this a person who would never cop to anything?


Is this a person who only ever wanted to take more for themselves? Yeah. It's like, it's a very clear kind of defining thing. Fuck dude, Read It. I think I over, I over accept responsibility for things because I don't, I'm trying so hard not to, not to let myself get away with shit. Yes. Well, part of it, I do the exact same thing. And for me, part of it is an ego problem because I think the world revolves around me a hundred percent. So I like the idea of people of like, oh my God, this person's doing this and that. Like, it, it adds to my ego mania of like, I'm, everybody's thinking of me all the time. Mm. There is a certain something about like, even being like, I feel so bad about this thing that happened where it's like nobody, why are you making it about you?


Right. Not you specifically, but like That's thing, it's better to let it go. Like the healthier thing is to be like, maybe I had 50% of that. Maybe I had 0% of that. Yeah. Like, but look at it, learn from it. Move on and let it go. Right. But to sit around and be like, oh, I was so bad that time. It's like, yeah. Yeah. You're just think thinking of yourself Totally. And not thinking of other people. Yeah. I'm a sociopath. Are you? I'm in video right now. You're not One and three. One and three, including Elvis. It's me. But what if it's me? No, it's not me. Well, do you have a conscience? Yeah. Then you're fine. I mean, what's a, can you, what's a conscience? No, I totally do Guilt. I mean, yeah, we got that covered.


Yeah. Steven guilty. Do you feel it? I Feel guilty all the time. Okay, Good. We're all good. We just need to, the next person who walks through the store, which will probably be men, is the sociopath. Let's play A game. Your neighbor knocks on the door. Excuse you. It's you. My mom just drops in and I'm like, yeah, no shit. Hi. Hi. Welcome. Hi. My therapist was right about you. Could You answer some questions for me as I, lemme just pull this book outta my back pocket. Oh, mom. Okay. What did I wanna, what was my, let's see here. Holocaust survivors. Yeah. None of the witnesses observed the attacks in their entirety because of the layout of the complex was weird.


And it seems like she was attacked in two different places, right? Yeah. And they, and as far as they knew, he ran away and she walked away and they couldn't see her anymore. Oh. And she was staggering. I mean, how do you, she only got stabbed twice, so how do you know? You couldn't even see that she was stabbed by the time you run to the window. See, I remember that story from psychology class that she got stabbed like 35 times. She got Stabbed a lot more once he came back to her. Oh. Oh, okay. But so that was, oh, I see. The initial attack witness Bowl part was two stabs. Right. The initial, like when everyone saw it was two and then he had a private mom, you know, a private in the door in the doorway. So no one actually saw that. It's so terrible. Yeah. That's so nightmarish. Yeah.


There's a crime to remember about Kitty Kitty Genevieve. Yeah. And I just was like, okay. I didn't even watch it. You didn't? No, I, I'm sure I watched it 'cause I watched every episode of that show there. It's, there's also a girls episode where they like talk about it. Oh really? Like the, one of the guys is in a play where they reenact the whole thing. Oh. But of course there's a lot of girls drama going on, so I don't really talk about it, but I love that show. I'm not making fun of it. Okay. Let's see. So it became known as the Bystander Effect or the Genevieve Genevieve's syndrome and, but people are now questioning what really fucking happened. Yeah. So, okay, so everyone go to YouTube and you can watch the trailer.


It's called The Witness. And if you go to the witness film.com, you there, it's in the theaters right now, if you have an arthouse theater in your town, and it's, it's gonna be at a lot of small towns, so it's not like random. And then hopefully it'll be on Hulu or something at some point. Yeah. And then do, do, do, it's unlikely that she was able to scream at any point after she got stabbed the first time anyways. Because they stabbed her. Because they stabbed her in the lungs. Oh yeah, that's right. Yeah. They, they punctured her. He punctured, they, he punctured her lung. So after that second stabbing, she probably wasn't screaming anyways.


Oh. So it's not like a bunch of people ignored that as well. This Whole murder is like worst case scenario. Fucking, fucking worst. Like, she would've died from the initial attack, it sounds like, because he punctured a lung and she died from asphyxiation. But, and so if the cops had been called and at that point they took her to the hospital and she died, it, it wouldn't have been the same thing as if he fucking ran away and came back and was like, nobody cares. Yeah. I can continue this. Yeah. That's so awful to think about. Yeah, it's dark. Yeah. But the universal emergency phone number was created after this and Yeah.


Today it's used all the time. But, so yeah. The Witness is the movie. It's by James Solomon and it's a really f like just watch the, I feel like anyone who listens to this podcast will watch this trailer and definitely wanna see it. Yeah. It's really good. And it's such a classic case. I feel like even if you were, you've never been interested in true crime. Yeah. You've heard the, the Kitty Genevieve story. Yeah. It like, they, it's like prerequisite in college and stuff. Yeah. But I guess that's, it's an interesting thing to be like, yeah, you know, this thing that you've heard about your whole life. It's not the way you heard it. That's what I love about it. So I hope it's not boring that I did this, this case, but I just thought it was the stuff that you'd never, you never knew about it. And I really was, it's one of those cases where I was like, Ugh, I've heard that a million times.


I know about it. You fucking totally don't. And then to see it from the brother's point of view. Yeah. Who also is like kind of a badass dude himself. Yeah. Where it happened in the Bronx in Queens. Queens. Queens. Yeah. I, people from Queens are kind of the greatest Oh yeah. The vo the, you listen to it just for the interviews he does with the people who live around there. They're in for the accents. The accents are incredible. There's a lot of, oh, there's like a beautiful illustrated element of it that they use is like interstitials or to el to, to show what was actually going on with this gorgeous illustration. Wow. Yeah. Very simple line drawings. But it's super beautiful The, I haven't seen this movie, but I also recommend the Crime to remember episode about her Kit Genovese because they put out some other alternate theories Yeah.


That are very interesting. Wasn't one like the downstairs neighbor might have done it. Yeah. I They don't, they didn't seem convinced he did it. Yeah. But, but I did none of that information of that. He'd already killed two other women was in there. They focused a lot on how racist the NYPD was back then. And so that they basically would grab up black people, black men. Yeah. And just be like, were you in the neighborhood? It's you. It sounds like way different than it is today. Oh, so, so different. I would just like to say, 'cause I saw a documentary, are is yours done? Sure. Yeah. No, totally. Oh, okay. No, it Totally, I see. Well I just saw, I'm gonna bring yours to an end so I can recommend my documentary.


That isn't true crime, but Well, it is because it's crime. Yeah. It's called Tickled. And it is unbelievably amazing. 'cause it starts out there about this online tickling competition, tickling league, oh God. Professional tickling league I think it's called. I Just already need a fucking shower. Yes. Except for it's not what you think. It's not some weird, like, can you believe these people exist? It goes into the craziest, darkest, scariest fucking thing. And it's this one New Zealand reporter who went, who went looking in into it because he is basically a human interest reporter for the local news.


He got in Too deep, deep And he immediately started getting threatened. And so instead of being like, whoops, better close this up, he starts investigating. And it's amazing. And interestingly enough, and not to talk about them all the time, but our friends, the dollop who did a very, very popular episode about these tickling competitions very early on, like this guy did this, New Zealand reporter did the story. They, Dave and Gareth got sent the story, I think by people in Australia or New Zealand saying, you guys have to talk about this. It's crazy. Yeah. And so then they did, that episode of the Doop was super popular and it's actually featured in the documentary Shut up.


Yes. They have audio clips of the dollop talking about this. He's made it, And it's the very beginning of the movie. And then it goes into like, he's like, he basically is like, yeah, I thought this was this kooky, crazy thing. And then I started researching it. Ooh. And it is edge of your seat. It was one of those things we saw at the sunset, Sundance, whatever theater. And there was only like 10, 15 people in the theater and a bunch of us were all sitting in one row, which was kind of funny. Like basically there was like nine people in one row and then like four people outside of our row. Yeah. But by the end we were all talking to each other. Oh my God. It was one of those like, so upsetting and like, oh my God, what's happening? Which Channel is it on? I wanna watch it.


No, just a movie. It's a documentary movie that's in like our house theaters right now. Like the witnesses, Fuck man. We gotta have a double feature. Yes. I wonder if we could host a double feature. We should email this guy. I feel like we wanna do this another, Everything that comes up, man, you've got an idea, man. I love it. What is that? It's the best. It's you're, you're the reason. You're the reason it's all happening. I always think of myself as such a lazy person and I'm like constantly be writing myself for being lazy. And then like sometimes I'll have to write a list of things I'm doing to just be like, just look at this Georgia. Everything is okay. Yeah, no, you're doing a lot of stuff. I liked when we were watching The Simpsons and we were on the same episode and then you were like, we've gotta watch episode five together and live.


Tweet it. And I was like, you might wanna watch the other episodes before you decide we should live. Tweet this. Oh, it's kind of a bummer. I know. Like, we can, what if we do this? What if we do that? We can do this, we can do that. And like sometimes, like when you just got here, you were like, you kind of had a talk, like we had a conversation about something regarding the podcast and you kind of had to like talk me down from it. Yeah. Couldn't breathe. I get it though. Yeah. You get, I can tell when you're excited or like there's a lot going on because you're, it, it almost looks like you're slowly drowning can and you're trying to tell me something before you go under. It's kind of what it's like. Can't take a deep breath. It's happened my entire life. Yeah. Like I, I have to yawn, I yawn a lot because I have to catch my breath and so I get so worked up.


That's funny that you've noticed it. You have to think about breathing more. Yeah. Because that's what yawning is about. Yawning is about low oxygen levels. Yeah. And you have to like, your body goes, take this, take as much oxygen as in as you can. It's so Like, I've gotten up in the middle of the night and like wrote a blog post about how like it's, you really feel like you're drowning and you can't breathe. Yeah. And it, it's just anxiety and then that perpetuates itself and you just still can't breathe. And anyways. Yeah. So a lot of great ideas guys. A lot of great. Oh, there was someone that made, my favorite piece of art that got made on the, that got posted on the Facebook page last week is someone did a ha a free hand drawing that was a picture of the forest that said, get a job, make buy your own shit.


Stay outta the forest. But, but with these banners or did you see that? Yeah. It's so beautifully done. And it was someone who said their friend did it, but they're not, they don't wanna be on the Facebook Page. Come on. Bless Their souls. I got an email from a girl that I know today who was like, I just started a new job and I overheard my coworkers saying, oh my God, I'm obsessed with this new podcast. And they were like, me too. And, and they were like, what's it called? My favorite murder. And my friend Kelsey was like, I was trying, I wanted to tell them so bad and brag that I knew you, that I, it's a new job. And I was like, tell them look at a raise. She's like, I'm gonna hold it for four more days. Yeah. And then drop the bomb and be like, Guess what? Yes. I love it. It makes me happy that a lot of people say they feel like we're best friends.


Totally Not, not with each other. Best there. It's, and that's it. We're done. Stay sexy. No. Are we? Yes. Okay. Go do it again. Stay sexy. Don't get murdered. Elli Cookie. Cookie. That's a yes. Okay, we're back. Are there case updates on a story? This old? Yes. Actually, well first of all, I love the detail and I think these are the things we look for now in stories that this case created.


The universal emergency phone number nine one one. Yeah. Which is like, just fascinating to me, you know. Okay. This is early on episode 24. I did not mention when my story took place when Yeah. That little de that little detail. It's, it's a journalist would've caught that, you know, the who, where, when, what, how, you know, You know what smarter people than me have covered this. And you should go read and listen to their shit. I am covering their coverage and I forgot to mention that this took place in 1964. I'm sitting across from you and I didn't ask. So ridiculous. And also, the man who killed Kitty Genovese, Winston Mosley died in a New York prison in 2016, so fucking recently.


Wow. He served almost 52 years and was one of the state's longest serving inmates. And it's so terrifying when you, when I was telling the story that he was trying to get parole and you're just like, absolutely. Fucking not. Yeah. You know? Alright. Well that was it. That was the boiled down version of this episode. So now we'll talk about what we could have entitled it instead of 20 Justice for All. And the number, the word for is FOUR. You know, it's not visual. Yes. This is an auditory situation that we were doing written jokes, like page jokes for lots of mistakes. We were, we were very tired and working very hard and very surprised that anyone was listening to this fucking podcast.


We meant very well. We did. We still Do. And we still do. And also, that's the thing. We'll say it again and again. We're just people doing a podcast. That's all. Yep. That's all. Yep, That's it. All right. So let's see. We could call it obstetric. We could call this episode obstetrician of T-shirts because I don't even fucking know that was you Because That's, yeah. Merch, because I'm a merch girl. That's me saying that that's what you are by being the merch girl. We could also call it plans and schemes, which was all the ideas we had about doing unboxings. I like that. Plans and schemes. It's so funny, like way back then we were like, maybe we'll do video. And it's like, now we have to do video.


It's like, it's like required in today's world, today's modern world. So Gotta compete, gotta get out there. Go find, gotta do podcasts on video, We're on YouTube and TikTok and fucking Instagram and fucking all the shit. It's Fun to be middle aged on fucking all those websites. Yeah, like, and this, when this episode recorded, I was 36 and I was like, not yet video Noel Lemming be 40 fucking four before I have to be on video. Let's wait a minute. Let's, I'm gonna dig my 11 lines down a little deeper. I wanna have way more stress and then see what that does to my old face. You know, I wanna wait until this filler migrates before I get fucking lit from below and fucking on camera.


Let's just wait until it's in the wrong places. We should have actually done flashlights under our chins for the Halloween episode. Now that I think about it, now that you say that It all feels like flashlights under the chin when you're, when you're on video. It's tough. But also what we have to remember is no one gives a shit anymore. No One gives a shit. No one gives a single shit. No. And I'm learning contouring finally. So I think I'm gonna be fine. Can't Wait until I'm sitting across from Kim Kardashian. What a joy. Okay. Thanks everybody for listening back then now. Yep. Were you there? Are you here now? Oh my God, that's so nice of you. Thank you. You must be so patient. Stay sexy And don't get murdered.


Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.


Some people like A and others like B. At BMW, we prefer X. Like the dynamic X three meant for ultimate exploration. The X five built to conquer even the most difficult paths were the pinnacle of comfort and luxury, the X seven. And since every X range vehicle is packed with performance and versatility, you'll always get the best of X, the BMWX range. Your next X venture starts here. Hurry into the BMW President's Day sales event and receive exceptional offers through March 2nd.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, living, assisted living, and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity


At David's bridal. Love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more@davidsbridal.com.