
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


If you've got a million tabs open in your brain at all times. You don't need a wireless service that slows you down Visible, Gives you unlimited data and a fast, reliable connection so you can keep scrolling until your fingers fall off. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the go. Ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye.


Goodbye.


You know, most of us don't treat our livers with any respect. Amen. We just kind of assume they'll keep showing up for work even if we don't. Fortunately Liver MD is here to help Backed by clinical research and trusted health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level. The Results over 3.5 million people have transformed their health with Liver MD. When your liver struggles, you feel it fatigue, bloating, brain fog, and slower recovery from those weak weekend indulgences. Take control of your liver health today with Liver md. Visit one md dot org and use code Murder to save 15% on your first order. Goodbye.


Hello and welcome to Rewind with Karen in Georgia. It is Wednesday And that means it's time to take you back to the not so distant past where things were shaping up to be the nightmare that it is Now. That's right. But keeping a positive. This is the show where we recap our old episodes with all new commentary, updates, and insights. That's Right. And today we are gonna recap Episode 45, which we named Funky Diva. Oh my God, that makes me so happy that this little shop I worked in on Melrose at 18 is the name of an episode. So classic. So this episode came out on December 1st, 2016. Let's listen To the intro of episode 45.


Wow. You go first. Welcome to my favorite murder, the podcast that asks the question What? Huh? Who? Who put this on? Huh? This is not appropriate. No murder. What? Murder. How dare you. What is wrong with you girls? How dare you like this? My sensibilities are offended. I'm offended in my sensibility area. I'm offended in the face. I'm offended religiously In my in my mouth. Morally in the mouth. In the mouth. Your nose and throat, spiritually Your nose and throat In the eyes.


Veins, spinal fluid. Heart. Not the spine, just the spinal fluid Spleen. This is, so this is the Anatomy podcast. Yes. We can name over 10 things in your body. Congratulations to us. Yay. That's Georgia, that's Karen. And we're here to talk to you about all of our favorite things we like the most, which is true crime. Yeah. Welcome. If you don't like it later days, this Is the wrong P cast for you bro. P cast. I stole that from Vince. I don't wanna take credit for that. I love It. Is the wrong P cast pie for you friend. Yeah. Get another P cast.


It's funny that, isn't it funny Karen, if you reflect, I was peeing today as you do and I was reflecting Sure. As I do As you're forced to. Right. And I was thinking about how funny it is that this like thing that I've been obs we've been obsessed with and secretly in love with and certain like is our kind of gonna be our career. It's pretty nice to think that little Karen was right about at least one thing. It's a pretty good feeling. Yeah. Because she fucked up a ton of stuff. I just keep accidentally falling into like not fucking up. Yeah. You know? That's nice. Yeah. Is it, you mean in later life? Yeah. Like We got our fucked up stuff out of the way early.


Yeah. Which is kind of, I think what you're supposed to do. Yeah. We're lucky. 'cause like 20, well, by 25 I was like, I'm good. Yeah. Yeah. By 27 I was like, well I didn't die so I'm gonna stop doing all those things now. Yeah. There's no, there's no going down from, from being in rehab at 14. I still love that. I like to think of you in a big pair of orange junko jeans. Ooh. Just being like, Hey, do you have a clove or whatever. Just like so different. Ooh, sorry. That's a, that's little 14-year-old Georgia and she appears out of a puff of smoke and back an orange JCOs.


Is it JCOs? I thought it was. I don't know. I'm sure it's different everywhere. I'm too old to even really know. It's not my reference. Thank God I never wore those. I did wear vinyl pants to raves. Did you? Weren't they hot Tight? Never washed them. Gross. I knows. Was there some benefit to not washing them or like, were they easier to put on next time? Well, do I just dunno how one would wash vinyl or leather pants. Oh Yeah. You just have to throw 'em away. Yeah. I think And start over. Totally. Totally. Where do you get vinyl pants? There Was this, you remember when Melrose Avenue was like the fucking coolest place in the world? Yeah, I do actually. That was like our, we would save up money throughout the year in Orange County and make a pilgrimage to, to fucking Melrose.


Yeah. And my first job when I moved to LA like at six, at 17 was like on Melrose at like one of those clothing stores. What's that? Funky Diva? Literally it was called Funky Diva. Funky Diva. I'm, I'm positive I shopped at Funky Diva. I bet you came in tons of tons of chokers. Yes. Wouldn't that be amazing? Right now we could see security camera footage of me And you having some kind of rude exchange at Funky Diva. Why does it have to be Rude? 'cause I'm rude. I, that's all I was doing back then was rudeness, rudeness, rudeness. Friends, foes. Didn't matter. I love it. It was a lot of arched eyebrows and a lot of, anyway, I'm Sorry. Sorry.


I'm sorry. What I'm enjoying these days is people on Twitter trying to show that they mean, I'm sorry, the way you say it. They're trying to do it in the writing. Yeah. So sometimes it's all caps. I'm, and then, sorry, sometimes it's reversed. Like how do you actually put that into I would do all caps. I am And that, but the some girl, did you see that on Instagram? I put up a photo of some girl who wrote like, there was like a musical bar and it had the like I'm, and it was like how one would play it. You could Sing it. Yeah. And she had the like, sorry, she must have been a musician. I wish I could, but yeah. That's genius. Sorry. Do you ever, like, do you get like self-conscious about the things you say here that become a thing like that where you're like, I would say that anyways, but now No.


It sounds like I'm pandering. Yes. No. Well now it sounds like you're trying to make some kind of an infographic for Totally. Here's your favorite. Like someone at the, the live show was text afterwards. Like, not texted, but like put on like, I always really hoping you'd call someone a sweet baby angel. I'm like, well I don't, I didn't call anyone that because I don't want to sound like Right guys. Yes. You don't. Yeah. It's not like you're, that's your tag Tagline, Catchphrase tag Tag catchline phrase. You're, you're not gonna tag anybody with that phrase. My problem is I cannot believe, I don't, I cannot believe that I still say literally so much.


It is Literally The worst habit of all time. I say it when I'm like kind of trying to explain something to you. Yeah. And I'm really like really trying to convey something. I'll say literally like seven times. It's awful. I haven't noticed it. I don't pay attention to anyone but myself. So I wouldn't know. Good plan. Good plan. You know what I mean? I guess. Same here. Yeah. Nobody Cares. Yeah. Nobody gives a Shit. No one gives a shit about you but yourself and your cats. It's nice to be, we by the way, we had such an incredible time in Chicago. Yay. We, I mean it was nuts out. We, I I'm speaking for both of us now.


No, I'm speaking for the Royal Week. I had a horrible fuck no. Yeah. Georgia did not enjoy yourself. We the Karen. It was so crazy to walk out as, as I explained to my sister And you and our whole, all of our people afterwards, I said, I anticipated a certain amount of applause. Yeah. And we got like 15 times more than what I anticipated. How many? I've seen so many. Like a couple of friends have texted me and a, I've seen a couple tweets and things like that. They got so emotional when they heard the applause of us come like Yeah. People keep saying that. What A bunch of nice people. I know that. Thank you for clapping. I know. And like, it just is neat.


It's so neat. It's Really neat. I think we're a little overwhelmed At how neat it is at how Neat everything is and we're trying to process it. Yeah. And, And we we're Just happy. It's still flattering and we're happy And we wanna thank each and every one of you, which I think we did after the show. We stood there and thank fucking God we fucking thanked you all to your face. We, I hugged so many people And thank the Lord. Nobody was weird. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Everyone. I was really waiting for like somebody with some scissors up their sleeve or something. Oh, for sure. And everybody did great. My mom sat to the side in a chair with a beer and just watched, it was like an hour and a half.


It Was so long. And She watched the entire thing. So did my sister and Adrian and Audrey. After a little while Audrey came over and just started taking pictures of us taking pictures with people. 'cause she was so excited. Everybody was thrilled about it. But we did wanna thank Tyler Green and Jonathan Pitts are the two people who put the Chicago podcast festival together. And they made it happen for us and for everybody who is there. And we wanna thank them so much. 'cause they did an amazing job. Yeah. It was so smooth and easy and great. And there was soda in the green room and there was a green room candy. Yeah. We had a whole, we had a a bag of treats. Yeah. That's awesome. Do you know how much I fucking love? Like ba what do they call them when you leave a place and they give you a bag, An exit bag, Whatever.


I fucking like doesn't know what it's called. I don know it Sounded right. Oh, like a swag bag. Swag bag. Yeah. That's like, I will go to a fucking party just for the swag bag. Sure. Even if I could buy it myself, I will fucking go like, you know, buy the shit in there. Could you just want a Little present? Oh, I just wanna like not Yeah, like presents. We also wanna thank that the staff of the, I never pronounce it right, but Theum Theater, which is the 105 year old theater where we did our show. Gorgeous. All people were gorgeous. And that staff had to wait until we said hi to every single person. Yeah. Practically. And so thank you guys so much for your patience and for being there for us. Yeah. And I actually, I have a business card of the, the man who really arranged that lobby situation.


Yeah. And I meant to bring it to say his name specifically. The Dude who stood there and took every photograph. Took every picture. He like would, he was like, hand me your camera. They were so great. They were so nice. And the whole experience was just like pretty, I didn't really look at you that much. 'cause I didn't wanna have like, we weren't having that much personal experience. Yeah. Because I didn't wanna like either cry, Burst into tears. Yeah. You can't look at me a lot in like emotional settings. I feel like, no, I need to Or you don't wanna get emotional. I, I need to shut down in very specific ways and I can't, you know, me, I can't open it back up or it'll be tears, tears, tears. Okay. I guess. Yeah. God, we're so, we're so different. We're Like opposite. We're Like the opposite. Yeah.


So we're doing the Riot LA show on Saturday, January 21st. Because that's the one at the Orum, right? I think so, yeah. So it's another big old fashioned theater. Yeah. Please help fill it out so we don't feel stupid. Yeah. We don't wanna feel stupid in our own city. Oh My God. Like around people that we know. Oh my God. And we keep talking about like, oh, in Chicago they did this. My god. And that Pat our back pat in our back. My, and then we go to LA and it's like four people. Yeah. It's like your manager. My agent wouldn't go, who else would Be there just judging us in the crowd. No one makes a giant Elvis fucking cutout face. Like they didn't Chicago. Oh, I Forgot. So a girl made, Oh my god, I'm gonna call her out because she was amazing. A She took a picture of Elvis, she blew it up so it was bigger than a human head, like twice the size of a human head.


And then she had it in front of her face. So when the lights came up And we were talking to people to get the hometown murder at the end. Yeah. I saw this thing that I thought a girl dressed up like a furry, like dressed up like Elvis. It scared the shit out of me. I was genuinely scared of her. Oh, you were? But she, it turned out she was just holding it in front of her face. Like, look, Elvis is Here. You can find the photos on, on Instagram. Where My favorite murder Instagram. Her name's Alex Graves. And what a fucking angel baby. Like thank you so much. Like, that was so fucking cool. It was super Cool. And I have photos of us with it and I have this photo from my hotel room of me And we having in front of my face. It really does look like when you hold it up, it just looks like you're now a huge Siamese cat.


It's Creepy. But in the best way. Yeah. Because I'm obsessed with this cat. Yeah. Like he's sitting next to me right now and I also have Siamese pajama pants on right now. Oh, You're in, you're living the life. Oh, I'm at, in, in deep. You're in, you're living that life. I have a parasite in my brain that just controls me and it's, and it's cat. It's from Cats probably. Right? Sure. That's real sad. Are you gonna bring that cat head to New York? So then you So Elvis can be there too. It doesn't, it didn't fit in my bag. I should, I have to tell you something. And I feel really shitty about It. It's super huge. Did you have to leave stuff behind? Okay. I don't care. Okay. I know, but I know you don't. But I feel really bad. So like Oh.


Oh. But it's kind of cute. Okay. So we took a photo of it in the, in the hotel, then we were packing to leave and tonight and then I was like, it doesn't fit. What do we do? And he was like, put it behind the couch in the hotel room. So I slipped it behind the couch at the fucking Godfrey hotel in one of the rooms. Behind the couch is a fucking Elvis. And, and it has this girl's info on it. Like, not info info but like, you know, Instagram and shit on it. Yeah. So someone's gonna motherfucker find that. That's Hilarious. You know what's interesting? I had brought a dress with me to Chicago that I bought in a panic at Target for $20. Didn't try it on. I was like, this is gonna be a look address. Yeah, fine. Look I'm doing it fine. Grabbed it. Was it?


No, it wasn't black. Actually it was like green and maroon and and black. But it was kind of stripey and there's a lot going on. When I got to Chicago and tried it on, it turned out it was MPI waste. Oh God. No one. Which makes me look, 'cause I have big boobs. No. So it made me look like I was in my third trimester. Only my sister's like, take it Off. Anorexic girls are the only people who look good in them. Yeah. And you shouldn't be anorexic. Right. So, so no one, nobody. So that's why I went shopping and told that whole story. If you wanna hear it's a good story story, But it's on the par. Are we gonna, And we both wore black dresses. Are we gonna just, we're are we doing that from now on? Yes, those are our show uniforms. Like the same dress or just black? Any kind of black outfit. I think. I think we should keep it like any kind. Okay.


Don't you? Yes. Except that means I have to go shopping because I literally own like three black things because I dress like a fucking school girl, grandma. Well then you have 10 days. You have 10 days for New New York. And I love shopping. Oh my God. Shopping's amazing. I Don want It. Okay. But I left that dress in our hotel room with a note that said you can have this if you want. Want it? You dress for turn It. Oh no, I'm not Target. Yeah. I turn shit all the time to Target. I'd ripped. Anytime I buy something I rip all the tags off immediately. You Do? Yeah. See I have a, I'm claustrophobic and can't go in a changing room, so I just bring everything home and then return it all. I think I don't go in a changing room 'cause I don't wanna see my back. Oh. In one of those mirrors I saw Mine recently, my butt, like it had the mirror behind me.


Like my mirror stops at like my, it's like my waist up. Yeah. Which is like the great area. Sure. I look so hot from like behind and the waist up with your, With the back of your bra and Everything. Yeah. It's like, oh well now. 'cause I've got that like fat pinch because I refuse to believe him bigger than him. Everyone has that. That's human. I don't need to see My fucking butt. Right. Then when you're in one of those high tension dressing rooms. Yeah. Ugh. Ugh. So Yeah, I just wanna pretend that that's not true. I just like to think that there was a housekeeping, housekeeping lady who was just like, oh my God, I can't dress, not dress. And I wrote on the note, never been worn. I hope she believed me. Anyhow, thanks Chicago.


We really love you. Yeah. Chicago. Do we have any other housekeeping? Housekeeping. Oh, my only thing is, I had started watching a show called, did You Start called The Killing Season? No, But I need, I need to watch it. Okay. Yesterday. I haven't been hearing enough about it. I, okay. I think we will be the An engine for that. I think so, because I started watching it yesterday. I had heard a little bit and I, so it's a series about the Long Island Serial Killer. And I'd started that book so long ago. You remember? And said I was gonna do an episode about it. And this is one of like the, the, the murder that that I heard about beforehand.


It's so fucking crazy and insane. The girl who went to private privately dance for that dude. Yes. Who like something happened. Yes. The thing that like kicked it off. Amazing. Like it should be solvable based on that murder. Right. I love it. So this series is by the people that, two people, Joshua Zeman and Rachel Mills. And they're the two people who did the documentary crop that we recommended to everybody. Yeah. That's super upsetting. Well this is an a and e series. A e is amazing. I love Crop because it's not corny. Like there's so many documentaries that are like corny. Right. Crop is not No, no. It's just straight up scary. Yeah. Well this series, it's called The Killing Season.


It's on a and e and I, This is not an ad by the way, in the middle. Like we're not No, no. This is real talking. Yeah. Now we have to say stuff like that. Real talking Corner. So I started watching yesterday and I ended up laying on my couch and watching six episodes straight through. And by the time I got to the sixth episode, I didn't, I needed to leave my house and be around human beings that I knew I would be safe with. Oh my God. Like that. It was very upsetting. Oh. And I don't have that like, nor it normally. Yeah. I don't get that. And I really did. Like I went to the movies with Allison sti and then I told her, she started it today and texted me today and was like, I cannot stop watching The Killing Season season.


Maybe I shouldn't watch it. I mean, I Don't sure's think Vince is gonna wanna watch it with me. It's really heavy. But the thing is that it starts with the Long Island Serial Killer and then it just expands like the Other shit. It just Keeps going. Yeah. Because there's all these things connect. You have to see it. Oh dude, I'm fucking watching the shit out of that. Highly recommend if you haven't seen it. I Did the same thing yesterday, literally with Search Party. Oh yes. And now I'm, I like, I was like, I'm gonna watch, I watched five minutes of the first episode and I was like, I'm gonna stay this for Vince 'cause it's really good and it's gonna, and then I'm in episode like six now because I couldn't fucking, I couldn't stop like I did my nails because I wanted to sit in front of the TV and I can't sit in front of the TV without doing something.


Right. So I'm like, my nails are nice. My fucking laundry was folded out here, which I never, like, it was just, just, I folded laundry too. Oh my God. Yeah. You gotta do something. Yeah. I, I have been, I watched one episode of Search Party and then I had to leave my house. I like at had to be somewhere. Yeah. And I knew if I started the second one, I would not Leave. Oh my God. Everett character. John early. Is that how Yeah. He is so fucking perfect. He's brilliant. Every, there's like four main characters and they're just like the perfect exact people of who they're supposed to be. Yeah. Did You Know A it would, did you get the feeling too where when I saw the first episode, I got jealous that that's their like, oh, you're making this show already? Yeah. Like, I want this show. I do Too. I was thinking that about you writing then I'm like, how stoked would you be if this was the show you were working on?


Yeah. Yeah. I I want like a fucking, can I be someone's sister's friend's brother? No, No You can't. I want like a walk-on roll and Yeah. I want you to write it. It's okay. Yeah. We'll come to them with a bunch of big ideas. So good. It's so good. Watch Search Party. Like it's so good. And I think it's all on demand too, so you can binge the shit out Of it. Yeah, you can. I think it feels like everything's that It just, It feels like sh I I would do what she's doing. Right. What's her? Aaliyah A Aaliyah. Qua. Shawa. She's so cute. I bet you I didn't pronounce that right. Aaliyah, Elia something. I don know she's, it's so, it's maybe from Arrested Development.


Yeah. She's the darst person I've ever seen. She's Such a good actress too. Yeah. Oh my God, I'm so happy. So that's like TV corner. TV Corner. I think that's all I have. Do we do murders? Oh, Steven, do you need, do you need a Steven check-in? Steven Checkin. Steven, how are you Steven? Steven, my sister had a great time in Chicago. Yay. Oh Nice. And I did hang out with the cats. You thank you. When I go outta town, Steven takes over the Elvis and Mimi Instagram and it's like, I kind of need to pay you extra for like that 'cause they're, it's so good. Yeah. I was just thinking where I was during the show and I'm just like sitting here petting elbows As it should be.


Yeah, no, it was perfect. But my sister, she met a really nice Marino and her mom, who's also Marino and they got a picture with her and everything, which is really sweet. I love it. Think Her name was Lee or Lee or Leah or something like that. But Nice. That's very sweet. That's so great. And my sister, like I was telling you, I was like, my sister needs to listen to my favorite murder. 'cause she was obsessed with Helter Skelter. I got her devil in the white city when she moved to Chicago. So it was just like, this is, this needs to happen. So She's got all the materials. Yeah. She has no excuses. No. Yeah. She's gotta get Into it. No, And we gave you, we called her sister Ray Morris gave Yes. You a shout out. That's right. That was very sweet. Someone needs to get a giant Steven Ray Morris cut out.


That's right. Oh God. That's The next one. Oh my God. No, that sounds like I would never wanna see my face like that. But it needs to be three times the size as the last One. Please. You need to basically not be able to bring it in because they're like, you can't Someone make a Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade balloon of Steven. That would be perfect If you don't mind. It would not Be that big of a deal. Leave it behind a A what? The couch. We leave it in the basement of a a, the Holiday Inn. You just told everyone we're staying. No, We're not staying in a Holiday Inn. I know. Not that we're gonna, okay, here we go. Nobody gives a shit.


We're not they know. No, we're not. We're not. And we told you that. We never did from the beginning. We Said it before and we're gonna say it again. We're Not. Yeah. Like you guys know please. You know you to know. You have to know that, that We know. Yes, we know. And we're not, Three hours later they're still Doing that. We keep it. Oh, here's me typing an email. You guys start the podcast. No, fuck you. We've gotta improv some more. Stop pissing Karen off. Elvis is leaving. He's like, fuck these bitches. You piss me off. Then you piss Elvis off, then it's over. Mimi's fine though. Oh yeah. Then most people gave us like Elvis and Mimi toys and they're like, they look like El. Oh God, I'm gonna lose my mind. Yeah, everyone's The best.


We got nice presents. All right. I love ev. They're so good and nice Elvis People. I know, I know it. I think, oh What I was, sorry. Here's the lash one. The girl who as she walked up, I, my sister and Adrian and Audrey like cried laughing when I told the story. The girl who walked up like, hey, you guys kind of all young and like she was doing weird things with her shoulders. So she was all kind of goofy. And then when she got in to take the picture, she goes, you guys, oh my God, my, my dad killed his business partner and got away with it. Bye. Stay sexy. Don't, she Was just like this cute like kind of sorority ish chick.


Yeah. Hey, how are you guys? Me? Yeah. Yeah. And she did put Her arm like, you know when you're like talking to someone as the photos getting taken. Yeah. Like She was Sony like straight faced or whatever. She Was so excited about it. My dad killed his business partner and he got away with it. Bye bye. We were like, What? I've never been that starstruck in my life. No. Yeah. I was like email. I wanted to give her my personal email account to just be like, email us now. I Said, say hi to your dad. For me. It was, it was hilariously funny. That was gorgeous. It was a beautiful love. If You admit to other people's crimes to us in person, we will mention you on the podcast. We will listen And we will shout it out And we will be subpoenaed in the trial.


Yeah. No lying please. Alright. Should we start? I guess I think now the homework part comes. Ben. No, I like my murder. Are you? This is what I wanted to do. But I think you're first. I think I am. Thank you. And we're back. We're here. It's so funny that we're talking about the listener Alex. She's still listener. She's still a friend. And I totally forgot about that Elvis head That you left in the hotel room. That was so funny. It was gigantic. It was enormous. It was so awesome. I wish I had like, let her keep it. 'cause how I couldn't have carried that onto the plane. I mean, I mean it Was double the size of an overhead bin. I think It was so great though.


It was Classic. Wasn't Yeah. Wasn't it? It was great. It was like three people could have stood behind that Elvis head. It was amazing and very realistic. Yeah. And then finding out that we were a Buzzfeed quiz, that was like really early on that that happened was Very surreal. And at first it was like, oh, well that's people that like our podcast. Like that quiz and then it just lived on, it just went on and on. Yeah. It's just so wild. I, I like, when I was listening to this episode, I'm like, it, it feels like it took, so, like, it took longer for us to like hit that peak, but it was so fast. How are we gonna wrap our heads around that? We didn't. We couldn't. Well, and also 'cause it was like we, if we would've been able to wrap our heads around it, I think if we stopped for three months.


Yeah. But it was like going and then just the work. I think the weird part was the amount of work just kept adding and adding and adding and adding. Yeah. So it was like, we didn't have time to think, to process to talk about it. It, it was literally just every time I saw you, you were holding your phone up to show me a new, shocking piece of information about what was going on. It was just always surreal. Well, we Kept going And we kept showing up at my apartment and doing new stories. Steven kept showing up recording them. We appreciate that. Thank God he did so nice. Okay, So this is classic your story that I had never heard before, but still think about. Let's get into Karen's story about Lord Luke.


Wow. The killer robot queen herself is back in theater's June 27th with a major upgrade. She's faster, stronger, and dare we say taller. That's right here to talk about the highly anticipated sequel Megan 2.0. It's Megan. So Megan, what's your character's motivation in this film? Well, it's simple. Really? You mess with my best friend, then you get messed up. We're linked like glue. So you try to separate us. Let's just say things might get sticky. Am I making myself clear? How hard has it been being in the spotlight? Not hard at all. I don't want anyone get in my way. Obviously there will be rumors like me and my past actions, but unless there's evidence, you can't blame me for being a little intense. I just care too much. Well, thanks for joining us, man. Can I just say one thing before I go? I want you to know I've been misunderstood. If my past mistakes mean anything, just know I had everyone's best intentions in mind. It's interesting you say that because in your new film, Megan 2.0, you're trying to fight an evil Android named Amelia who was built with your code. And you have to work with Gemma and Katie to take her down at all costs. I'd say that's pretty nice for a killer robot. Can a girl have lo From Blumhouse an atomic monster with Director Gerard Johnstone? Alison Williams and Violet McGraw are back in Megan 2.0 in theaters June 27th. Goodbye.


Temperatures are starting to rise, which means you're setting your baseline level of sweaty right now. And it only gets worse from here. That's exactly why you need clothes that breathe look good. And we'll keep you together until September. That's Quince. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen shorts and dresses starting at $30 plus Lux swimwear and Italian leather platform. Sandals the Best part. Everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, Quince gives you luxury without the markup. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. It's that time of year where the weather's changing. And I realize how few short sleeve shirts I have and I truly logged onto Quince this morning. They have all these beautiful linen shirts, all these beautiful cotton shirts stuff where you're like, I don't wanna be hot. And this is gonna help me so much. Beautiful linen in the summer is my favorite. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye.


If your idea of spring cleaning means getting rid of every single piece of furniture that you swore was temporary four years ago, article is here to help. Article makes it easy to create a stylish long-lasting home at an unbeatable price. And thanks to their online only model, they have some unbeatable prices too. Article offers a curated range of mid-century modern, coastal and scandy inspired pieces that not only shine on their own, but also pair seamlessly with other article products. This thoughtful approach to design makes it incredibly easy to mix and match, helping you create a space that feels cohesive and stylish. Article takes great care and curating its collection, focusing solely on high quality, meaningful pieces that will stand the test of time. There's no filler. Every item is chosen for its craftsmanship, design, and lasting value. An article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get a choose your delivery time and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye.


So I have, because of watching The Killing Season and it how heavy it is and how it feels like everyone in the world is a serial killer by the time you're halfway through with it. Oh, oh no. Which in some ways is a fun feeling. It's fun, isn't it? It I like it. And yet you're Still alive. We made it everybody. Yeah, so, so I switched over as a pal cleanser. I started watching The Crown, which is a wonderful Netflix series, British procedural. It sounds British. Is It British? It's the story of Queen Elizabeth. I figured God, I'm so Smart. The newest one. Yeah. It's so, in a way it is kind of a British procedural Wait, it's the newest show about the cr.


About About like how she got be became the queen and what her life was like privately. She's like a badass. She's a total badass. Yeah. There's parts in it. I want the Crown TV show to come out with their own book on how to be politely assertive. Yeah. 'cause that's her. And also I want them to come out with the color of lipstick that she's wearing because it's this perfect shade of pinkish red. Ooh. That would actually look at, I can't wear red 'cause my teeth is yellow with little corn nits. You're Very fair. I'm very fair with red in my skin. So red lipstick on me makes me look like I have been smoking crack in the alley. I look Like a fucking, what do they call them?


A rockabilly. And it's obnoxious. Oh yeah. Well this is like this muted brownish pink lipstick. I bet it's, I bet they make it for her. And there's not even a thing you can fucking buy. You know What? I bet they, well, we have a fucking lip gloss that was made for us too, that that girl sent us. That's right. Remember? So the Queen, I'm sorry, it's not that fucking special, But I want the queen because why? Because we've started doing coke before everything Back to being 14. So as, so I blended into this very British kind of fancy regal area. Yeah. Like controlled. Yes. And aristocratic.


Which is, I mean like if, if I was in that time, I would be like truly the dishwasher in the bottom part of the basement. Like, oh Governor, that's Karen. Do you Need a candlestick? I wouldn't. But with an Irish accent, which for some reason I can't do right now. So I decided that my murder is going to be that of the infamous, infamous story of Lord Luke. Have you ever heard of him? I don't think So. Okay. This one's pretty good because it involves British aristocracy and a disappearance. Ooh. You know, I love disappearances. All right, so here's the story of this guy. He, it was born John Bingham and he was born on December 18th, 1934 to an aristocratic family in Marley Bone, which is the funniest name for, it's a neighborhood I guess, in London.


Oh, you're gonna Get, I, I don't care what you say next. You're gonna get a correction about like what it is Pronunciation, the area. It's not London area. It's a, it's actually in Wales. It's not a neighborhood. It's a fucking, It's fucking in New York. Swear. And it's down. It's fucking in New York. Bye. Yeah. This whole I'm I once again am flying in the face of Of in logic. Yeah. And just trying to be British once again. Aim for the fucking Nose. Aim for the stars. Aim for that button. Nose. So John Bingham, during World War ii, when he was a boy, he was evacuated out of London, out of Marley Bone. Should He be like it's pronounced Milin? Yeah, Totally.


He was evacuated to Wales and then to Canada. And he got to live with his rich like friends of family. That sounds nice. Just relatives. Yeah. Who were like crazy rich. But then when he came back to England, when the war was over, he was sent to Eaton College. Now I was thinking about this in my head, but I didn't look, look it up. I think over there Eaton is like a boarding school that's like grammar in high school's. Not necessarily a college. Like we think of college, They have a finishing school. Right. Where like you pass your, again, Where you put a book on your head, Save it. If you wanna fucking email, text us that we're, tweet us that we're wrong.


Finish. It's like a, someone In England tell us what Eaton College is. No, I don't care. No, I do care. No one don't. But I think it's like A finishing school. No, I'm gonna keep saying that till you agree with me. This time you said it like you'd been thinking about it and now you've decided it's a finishing school. Yeah. I think it's like high school and perhaps Like a boarding school. Yeah. Okay. Exactly. Anyhow, finally We agree. So when he was there, he supplemented his pocket money with, he was a bookie. Oh. And so that's cool, Right? Yeah. I think it's very cool. He did it too. He had a secret bank account. Oh my God. And he made money as a kid.


As a kid. My grandfather was a bookie. For real? Yeah. Barber? No, the barbershop front Barber quote, quote unquote bookie. Nice. Anyways, sorry. So this kid, he would leave the school grounds, go to horse races, take bets, and he was like, the school bookie badass. That's So Cool. Love it. Well, the bad part, the uncool part is that he turned out to be a terrible compulsive gambler. Always Later on, Take that Back. But when he is a kid, that's cute. Yeah. So he got the nickname, lucky Luke, after winning 26,000 pounds at the card game. Ur in no Le 2K.


None Of that's Real. None of it is meaningful to me in any way. But he won, he won a game, a bunch of pounds. And so that's what made him think I'm, I'm lucky and I should be doing this all the time. Right. So, so when he got out of school, he was in the army for a little bit and then he started a job as a merchant banker. But he had very expensive tastes. 'cause he was still an aristocrat. His parents were very, very, what do you call that? I was gonna say staunch, but that's from gray gardens. It's what do you They didn't spend a lot of money.


Oh. They were like religious and What's The, what's the word When you try to, I'm like making a gesture on my chest. Yeah. Like frugal, frugal, Frugal. There We go. This gesture worked for me. How long did that fucking take? If this podcast is two hours long, it's because we're trying to remember words that neither of us can, oh, who Could enjoy this? I dunno. It's madness. Even Steven is like, can you Get your fucking shit together? Okay. So he had all very expensive tastes because he was still an aristocrat at the end of the day. And he was raised, you know, by rich people in North America. So he, his, he had taste for the best Russian vodka.


He liked to race power boats Beyond. And then, and from this lift of at w in Wikipedia, donate to Wikipedia by the way, if only just $3. Oh, can you Donate to Wikipedia? Yeah. Yeah. It's all, is that a Thing that they're Yeah, they're, they're actually having like, they're kind of like public television right now. Oh, I didn't know that. And they're trying to get people to, to give them money because they just, they need to stick around. They Need help. I have so many questions. I mean, I love Wikipedia, but I won't ask them right now. Well, If you click on there right now, the thing will come up to say, please give us $3. Okay. And then we'll do it. That's, Yeah. I mean, it seems fair for all the shit they give me. Oh my God. The, the hours I spent when I had a desk job looking at unsolved murders.


Yeah. And serial killers. Yeah. And ugh, Love it. So anyway, this guy, basically he's living the life. He likes the best of all things. I was just gonna say at the end of this sentence there, there were like, he had the best tastes. He loved the best. You know, he raced boats. He, he loved Russian vodka and smart cars, which I think in, in England probably means smart, like cool cars. Oh, smart. But smart means tiny toy looking cars that are the stupidest looking cars you could drive. I just time traveled too, because those didn't exist. Right. Like how cool would that be if he were just like, They're like, he invented the smart card. Yeah. Alright. Anyway, he was also very charismatic. He was six foot two with a quote from Wikipedia, a luxurious mustache like Stevens.


And he was once considered to play the role of James Bond. Oh shit. So he is that, he used to see a picture of him on Wikipedia. He's pretty cute. He hot. Yeah. Yeah. He, he, he's very British, aristocratic looking, kind of like, don't piss offy nose. I won't, it's a high class, You know what I mean? It's a British thing. Pointy nose and kind of like, he looks like he'd be like very good. Hey ma'am, my hus my husband is the spitting image of Prince William. So That's right. What am I gonna That's exactly right. Clearly I'm into British dudes. Yeah, no complaints. Also, at one point he was ranked among the top 10, the world's top 10 backgammon players. So do you Have it? That's kind Of cool.


Badass. Yeah. Talk about sex. I mean, I don't know what backgammon is exactly, but I bet it's hard. It's, you know what it is. It's like chess for drunk people is what it is. Alright. It Still sounds like, I don't think I like chess for Drunk People To me is like bingo. Connect four is Chess. That's right. For drunk People. Yeah. Bingo. Okay. So he meets his wife Veronica Duncan at a golf club function. And they get married on November 20th, 1963. And when they get married. So Lord Luke's finances, when he was a young man and he was gambling so much, it got a little iffy in there because he was just like going for it.


Like, I'm, I'm in a boat race, I have to have an Aston Martin. You know, he was like living the life and spending all that money. So when he marries Veronica Duncan, his father gives him what was called a marriage settlement. Mm. So he gets a big chunk of money to buy a house to prepare for having kids like this whole. So he's basically kind of like up in, up in the, in the black, again, Sexist. Got it. Two months after he gets married, I, I called him old man Luke, old man, Luke dies of a stroke. And so John Bingham inherits 250,000 pounds and his father's titles, which are Earl of Luin, barren Luin of Castle Bar, barren Luin of Milk Home, Luin and Barnette Bingham of Castle Bar.


I don Dunno what any of this means. It's meaningless. So Cute. The mean emails. It's not meaningless. Super meaningless. Don't shoot foxes. Right. Everybody. Okay. So the problem is that he has a very serious gambling problem. So at first it was hot and cute and he's James Bond. And after a while it's like, put the fucking backgammon down. What are you doing? And he's spending, still spending money like an aristocrat. So he's like, you know, he is, he's got a, a open account at Savile Row. Taylor's. You know what I mean? Oh. Like people are making dude those suits bespoke clothing for him. Bespoke. Yeah. Look at you Karen. I know. I wanna be rich really bad.


Do you? Really bad. Really Not just rich though. I wanna be be wealthy. I wanna be like, Lord Luan, what would you, I wanna be an aristocrat. What Would you do? What would you like? I, I guess I would just drink and smoke cigarettes all day. Because you can be, you can just do it at that point because Yeah, you can, you can kind of, yeah, you can just kind of, well it's the same thing you could do if you were basically a bum. Remember that intervention where the woman had like inherited so much money that she was like, why should I not be an alcoholic? And then she, they were gonna take her to a rehab that was like a 14 hour, like a five hour flight. But she insisted on getting a limo because she wanted to bring her cats with her. So she put her cats in the limo? No. Oh my God. It was the best.


Holy shit. She took a cat road trip. Yeah. She's like, put cat boxes in limo. Like she's me. If I just had a shit, shit, you would come for it. And like, no one could say anything to her because like, she wasn't gonna lose anything because she Was, she did it work? Did she get sober? I don't know if there's maybe there's, hopefully there's a follow up. I Don't know. Oh man. It's been, I haven't wor I stopped watching that 'cause it's real depressing. It turns out She ate all those cash. She got really drunk and then she got hungry and she ate those cats. Oh, It was poor baby. I mean, sorry. Fucking no Right field. Loving it. Left field. There's, There's downside to being an addict. I think we all know this. We've tried to tell you over and over. Yeah. Okay. So, so he and his wife have three kids, George and Camilla and a third one that for some reason is on this list.


And Some of you know, the youngest kid never matters. Am I wrong? Yeah. Seriously. I'm living that life. That's Why we're murder podcasters. Yeah. That's, that's why we're doing what we do. So Veronica is struggling 'cause she also has three kids in this very short amount of time. Of course. So she's struggling with post-natal depression, Honey. And Lord Luan takes her for treatment at a psychiatric clinic. She refused to be admitted, but she did agree to home visits from a psychiatrist and taking a course of antidepressants. So she's trying to take care of it, but she won't like, you know, really go take a, a full break or whatever. She's like, I can handle this. Well then that combined with the pressures of maintaining their finances and his, I mean he, I read this thing, I, I didn't include it, but there was a thing of like how he would spend his days.


Oh my God, it's so hilarious. 'cause he would like get up and eat breakfast and then go to his gaming club and just gamble all afternoon. He was gamble. Yeah. And then, and you know, he was probably drinking too. Of course. And then he would come home and, and get dressed and then put on like his tuxedo to go Out reeking him cigarettes probably. Oh yeah. Ugh. And you can't wash that off after a while. No. And then he just went out to drink and eat and smoke and gamble more. That was just, that's all he did all the time. I would have That's Not postnatal depression. That's fucking depression. Yeah. That she had because She was like, what the Fuck? And this is not what I fucking So Went to finishing school for. So basically in the two weeks after a very strained family Christmas in 1972, Lord Luke moved out and then they get into this bitter custody battle and the Justice Awards custody to Veronica divorce.


Like didn't happen back then. Yeah. It wasn't good. And I'm sure for aristocrats And you, you could push him off the couch. Elvis is ripping up Karen's notes. Sorry, my precious writing. Okay, so, so she is awarded custody of the three kids and that's all he wanted. And so he, why would He want just to fuck with her? Right? Well, no, no, no. He really, I'm sure really loved his children and it was very important to him. But also it, I think it was part of this thing that he didn't think she was a fit mother knowing that she had postnatal depression. I, I think he was partly worried. And then also partly he was an addict and needed to control things.


Maybe, I don't know. There's something going on. He gets awarded like every other week, weekend visit and he gets really obsessive about it. So he starts spying on her to prove she's an unfit mother. He's recording their phone conversations. He becomes fixated on her and what's happening, he also is, his drinking gets really bad and his gambling, he goes crazy with the gambling and all of his friends are like, he's in a downward spiral. And then all of a sudden, the week of November 7th in 1974, he seems to like suddenly be pull it together. Hmm.


And he, there's a couple story firsthand stories of people who like had dinner with him and he, they tried to talk to him about what's going on with the kids and he changes the topic to politics. And so they're like, oh, maybe he's rounded the corner. Maybe it's out of his system. Yeah, yeah. So on the evening of November 7th, 1974, he had a bunch of plans with people that he didn't, he just didn't show up. And that night, the children's nanny, Sandra Rivet puts the younger children to bed and at about 8 55 she asks Veronica if she, if she'd like a cup of tea. And so she heads downstairs to the basement kitchen.


So there Aw, that's a fucking sweet ass mansion. Yeah. I'll go down to the, to the maid's kitchen. Yeah. I'm not gonna use your nice high class kitchen to make tea. Yeah. So she goes downstairs to the basement kitchen to make Veronica some tea. And as she enters the room, she is bludgeoned to death with a lead pipe, a piece of bandaged lead pipe. And her killer places her body in a canvas mail sack. So meanwhile, upstairs, lady Luke wonders what's delaying the nanny. So she walks down the first floor stairs to see what's happened. And she calls from, from the top part of the stairs, she calls down to Rivet and to see what's going on.


And the guy comes up and attacks her with the lead pipe as well. Oh my God. And she starts screaming for her life. The attacker tells her to shut up. And that's when Lady Luin knows, she tells the cops later that she knows it's her husband. So she survives. This guy's got like a mask on or something. The, I think the lights were out. Like it was, it was dark. So she's kind of calling down, she doesn't know what's going on. And then this guy comes up, it's scary and she thinks she's just getting attacked. And then it, she realizes it's her husband according to her. So they get into this fight, she bites his fingers, she, he throws her face down in the carpet and she, man, she manages to turn around and squeeze his testicles.


Good girl release. Steven. Steven, just Steven just really felt that. Yeah. And causing him to release his grip on her throat and give up the fight. She asks where Rivet is and Luin was at first evasive then eventually admits that he just killed her. So what they believe is that he thinks, he thought it was Veronica walking into the basement kitchen. Oh shit. He was trying to kill his wife. Oh. And he accidentally killed the nanny. So this is according to lady. Right. So Lady Luin is terrified. She tells him she'll help him escape if he would just, what? Well, she's trying to get, okay.


So she says, I'll help you escape. You just have to stay here for a couple days and hide out and allow my injuries to heal. 'cause she's been hit with the lead pipe and everything. Oh my gosh. So Luke and she walks upstairs. Oh, I'm sorry Lord. Luan, the, the oldest daughter wakes up. So he goes to put her to bed and she, and then the, the wife Veronica goes into the bedroom, lays down, she's bleeding, and he puts down towels for her and like, don't get, don't get the bedding stained with blood. Weird. So he asks her, does she have any barbiturates?


He goes into the bathroom to get a towel and supposedly clean her face. And that's when Lady Luke realizes that he won't be able to hear her if he's in the bathroom. Yeah. And so she runs outta the house with her kids still there though. Yeah. But, but she, I think she knew that he didn't want Yeah, yeah. That it, it was about her. Right. And that the attack was about her. Right. Because she also did report earlier that he had once hit her with a cane and once tried to push her down the stairs. So there, he had gotten physical with her before, but he, I think she trusted that he wasn't gonna harm their children. Yeah. I mean, that's crazy. That's what it seemed like. So she runs out of the house and she runs to a nearby public house called the plumber's arms.


Aw. Let's, one Morning England. Let's go get a drink there. We have to go to a pub called the plumber's arms. Yeah. So what, like big hairy arms? Hairy, but like with a tattoo. What, what kind of bulldog tattoo is that? Yeah. A bulldog would be good. Yeah. Or an anchor of course. Of, of course. An anchor. Or maybe a, just a, just a queen Elizabeth's face. I mean, she's a mad ass. Everybody loves her. Everyone loves, okay. Okay. So the police, she, they call the police. The police go to the house. But meanwhile, Lord Lu Luin has called his own mother and tells her of a terrible catastrophe that's happened at his wife's home. He tells his mother, you have to come here and get the children.


Then he drives a borrowed car to his friend's house in Uckfield, east Sussex. And then hours later, he leaves that property, leaves the car there, and he is never seen again. And has never been seen since. No, swear to God. No. So the, that car was found. He's the one missing. Yes. He's the one missing. Fuck. He disappeared. He disappeared. So, no, this is, I was not expecting that. Yeah. James Bond is out and about, dude. He, the car was found abandoned in New Haven, and the interior was stained with blood.


And the trunk had a piece boot for those of our friends in England had a piece of bandage lead pipe, similar to the one found at the crime scene. So there's one that, that a nanny was killed with that was left at the crime scene. And there's another one that's in this borrowed car. And we don't know what, well, why was all the blood in the car? And we don't know what that lead, He was covered in blood. Okay. And I don't know if there were two, there's no explanations. Just, I'm not sure. Holy shit. So, but then also he left a letter to the owner of the car that said, my dear Michael, so he basically borrows this car from this guy. He's like, Hey, can I borrow your car for a while? And then just gets blood all in it, abandons it and squeeze.


He's crazy. And he says, my dear Michael, I have had a traumatic night of unbelievable coincidence, however, Oh, Have you. I won't bore you with anything or involve you except to say that when you come across my children, which I hope you will, please tell them that you knew me And that I, all I cared about was them. The fact that a crooked solicitor and a rotten psychiatrist destroyed me between them will be of no importance to the children. I gave Bill Shand Kidd, which is his brother-in-law. I gave Bill Shand Kidd an account of what actually happened. But judging by my last effort in court, no one yet, yet alone, a 67-year-old judge would believe, and I no longer care, except that my children should be protected yours ever, John.


So he's basically saying whatever happened at the house was some weird coincidence that he happened upon his excuses that, and I think there was a, it was in a different letter that he walked into the house and his wife was being attacked by an intruder. Right. Which the wife is like, no, I'll tell you exactly how it happened. Like step by step. Yeah. And then also you can trace it all back to the car and the blood and everything else. Yeah. Point the fucking way. So they put out a warrant for his arrest a couple days later. And in his absence, the inquest into rivets death named him as her murderer, which was the last time ever that Britain's coroner's court was ever allowed to do that.


So they were basically like, this guy did it. Oh. Which you can't do a trial. Yeah. Yeah. So a thorough search of New Haven downs was judged impossible. I don't know if that's What's New Haven Downs? What's a thorough search? What's anything in this fucking world? What is life? I pictured New Haven Downs to be just full of a bunch of brambles. Charming as fuck. It's like the Moors, but Bramley. Oh yeah. Brambles everywhere. Is it Brambles and scones or scones? Scones. A partial search was made using tracker dogs. Although all that was found were the skeletal remains of a judge who had disappeared years earlier.


Oh, I'm Sorry. Yes. What? Yes. Yes. So they, when they do search New Haven Downs, this impossible to search area, they Unrelated. Unrelated. Clearly they find skeletal remains of a judge. Alright. Maybe. Maybe. How about once a year you search New Haven Downs? Yeah. Get Some fucking puppies out there. Get they love doing it. Give 'em a run around. It's fun for them. Find a judge. Police diverge. Search the harbor. So basically they went everywhere and tried to find this guy. Yeah. This guy's more important than a fucking judge. That's right. Clearly He's a way bigger deal. Yeah. He is among the top 10 backgammon players in the world. You have to find him. Must find him.


They don't find, so basically they can't find anything. They used infrared photography. They don't, I don't see where they use Smart cars. They Smart phones. So a warrant for Luke's arrest to answer charges of murdering Sandra Rivet and attempting to murder his wife was Issu issued on Tuesday, November 12th, 1974. And descriptions of his appear appearance were issued to Interpol. So it could be Nacio now, and of course all across the uk. So apparently it's this, it's all since that time, been a great British pastime to theorize where Lord Luan is.


And people love saying they saw him places. So the reports have been coming in pretty consistently year after year. Oh my God. Saying I saw Lord Luke in here. Luke or there. And so some of the places they have reported him seeing him was as a hippie dropout in Goa, which I don dunno. Yeah. I dunno where that is. Doubt where he was known. They said he was known there as jungle berry As you do. It's the best nickname of all time. Is it? They said he was about backpacking out Mount Aetna. Someone said they saw him working on a sheep station in the Australian outback. Yeah. Those All sound like things.


People who run away from life would do. Yeah. To get as far away as possible. Yeah. Who like trying to not have an identity anymore. Right. Which would make sense. Yeah. But John Aspenal, who was the owner of the Claremont Gaming Club, which is the place he used to go, like around lunchtime every single day, said, told the news. I find it difficult to imagine him in Brazil or Haiti as a fugitive. I don't think he has the capacity to adapt burn, which is kind of rough. There was also a rumor, Aspenal owned a private zoo. And so there was a rumor that he was cut up and fed to the tigers at that zoo. And he aspenal when told that rumor responded, my tigers are only fed the choices cuts.


Do you really think they're going to eat stringy old lucky? Oh my God. And the most plausible theory is that he drowned himself in the channel. Yeah. That's what most people think. Yeah. But here's, this is just an interesting, another coincidental thing, 13 years later. So when they had that nanny that Sandra Rivet was their nanny, but they had had a nanny right before her. And her name was Krista Bell. I can't find her last name. Bell Krista. Bell. Bell.


And you don't see it, but her name is Christabel something or other. And turns out she was married to an economist named Nicholas Boyce. And on October 10th, 1985, Nicholas Boyce was sent to prison for dismembering his wife and dumping her pieces of her body around London. So it was her, the, the nanny won before this. Oh, Got covered, got cut out. Also was murdered by her husband. Fancy husband. So fancy Husbands are just fucking running amok. They went nuts. So crazy. Sure. Which I thought was, oh.


And also they convicted him of manslaughter but not murder. And he was sentenced to six years in jail. Oh, That's no big deal. Manslaughter. No big, just, just kill her and throw her arms and legs around the city and then Yeah. So Cannot, That's the story. Oh, sorry. It was Christabel 32 was a former ess of the children to lo of Lord Luke, who vanished without a trace after another nanny was battered to death at his home. Do you think He did it? What? Killed Luke or whatever the fuck Killed the second nanny. The first nanny. Oh hell yes. Wait, both nannies? No, no, no, no. The second one got killed by your husband. Oh, Okay.


Later. Okay. That was later on. 13 years later. Got it. The second nanny gets killed in what is a coincidence, but is super creepy. 'cause what the fuck is going on? I thought it was the Fir. Okay. Yeah. No, but the first, I'm sure the way everything Oh yeah. Adds up. It's just basically, where did he go after? Did he immediately kill himself or did he actually go, he's DB Cooper. Yeah. Right. Did he shave that, that luxurious mustache off and go live somewhere for a while? You could go Anywhere you want back then. And also With all his money. Oh. And charming. And you know, miss Dapper, he probably went to like Monte Carlo or something. That's What I was thinking too. How old is he now? How old would he Be? Would be dead. He's dead now.


He was proclaimed to be dead. No, No, no. But like, how old would he be? Like in his, the article that I said where they, they proclaimed him dead. I think he, they said he was like, would've been 81 or 82. That's Livable. Especially if you're living the fucking backgammon. High life in fucking Monte Carlo Backgammon doesn't take that much outta you. No. Yeah. No. And if you're just pickled with gin, you can live for a really long time. Bet you He's still alive. I mean, it'd be pretty cool. We Should make a rule that people have to confess stuff on their death, like on their deathbed. They have to confess things. Yeah. Like you're not Yeah, That'd be nice, wouldn't it? Just to solve a couple mysteries. Yeah. Like stop, don't take shit to your grave.


Yeah. You're being a selfish dick. So That's my good times. That was amazing. High Class murder mystery from England. Never heard that one. Please let Us know all the mistakes from That one As soon as you can In England. Or, or go. Go. You know, every time you get mad at this podcast, go give $3 to Wikipedia. We're gonna solve all of Wikipedia's problems. Wikipedia's gonna be like, They're gonna be like, thank You. We got an influx of thousands and thousands of dollars. So much money. Okay. And we're back from your story. I still can't believe they just found a judge. Yeah.


The skeletal remains of a judge. But, okay. I mean, wild. There are some updates for this story. Okay. Not on Lord Luin, but Sandra Rivet had a son who she gave up for adoption when he was a baby. So Neil Berryman didn't learn of his biological mother until she was an adult, but he did know that her death was one of the biggest murder mysteries of all time. He believes Lord Luke was the murderer And that he escaped to Africa. So he's continued to search for him. Spent years working with former BBC investigative journalist Glenn Campbell. Not to be mistaken for the singer. You can see that investigative journey on a BBC series from 2024 called Luke.


Wow. Yeah. So I feel like if his body was never found, he was still alive, you know? Yes. I, I just don't buy it. Also, when people have money to run, like they can do a Lot. Yeah. And get away. Especially back then. Totally. When there was no like internet, no nothing. Yeah. There was no like CCTV footage and like facial recognition software. You're just fucking gone. And that guy, like he grows a pencil thin mustache. Or he maybe already had one, but he grows a different kind of mustache and then just goes into the mountains. Like in France somewhere. Yeah. And he's gone forever. Like, Do you think it's better to disappear into like a crowded anonymous city or a small, like woodsy town, city?


Yeah. Right. I think like you get yourself a little walk up apartment in the lower East side of New York. Yeah. And you dye your hair some weird color. Nobody, Nobody will ever find you. Yeah. Because if you're in a small town, You know, everyone, everyone knows everyone. Some stranger coming into town is immediately suspicious. Just because why would you move into this small town by Yourself? Yes. Immediately people are talking about you. If you're at the grocery store, all of a sudden they're like, who is this inner Loper? Unless, what's that little like weird shanty town in like Joshua Tree? Oh, 29 Palms. No, That's the army base. I know what? I don't know what you mean. Don't Move to an army base.


There's like a weird, it's like They'll totally be on you in that army base. Yeah, For sure. It's like a 29 palm Salton sea type of like town, shanty town where like it's off of the grid by Oh. And people go there to get away. That's What, it's slab city. Oh, I've heard of that. Yeah. It's like really like graffiti. And you can kind of live off the grid and live in your rv or You know, your home that you made, or your tent or your car. Is that where you'd go for your escape? Where would you go to escape forever? Well, I'm not telling anyone, but if you really wanted to Find second choice, I guess lab today, You know, maybe, yeah, maybe somewhere in Europe. Just to have something new and exciting. 'cause like just be like, I'm going to Baltimore.


It's like I would, I would be like, I wanna go home now. Not that I don't wanna be in Baltimore, but it's like not different enough to be super exciting that you're on the run. Yes. It wouldn't feel like hidden enough. Yeah. I feel like I could definitely go to Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. I would Pittsburgh blend in perfectly. Love the vibe there. All right. So I'll be in Baltimore. You'll be in Pittsburgh And we'll call each other on the phone. Let's talk like this to each other. I don't know what this s accent is, but this is the one I'm going use it. It works. It works. Thanks. How about we all of us listening meet at the plumber's arms in London, which is still open. Still open. Still open. The plumber's arms, like pay You guys We're gonna meet there. That's a beautiful part.


Yeah. British pubs Yeah. Are kind of forever, or at least fight like hell to be forever. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And they won't turn you in. That's some like, No, Don't ask, don't tell. Especially if you're good at trivia night, they would never turn you in. Oh, also, just so you know, our writer, Alison STI, really did a bunch of research and trying to find out what that pink brown lipstick color was from the Crown. That's amazing. And there's a couple options. She thinks it's a Rodan Oleo Luso lipstick in a color. So mod, I've never heard that lipstick name before. That Sounds like for rich people. I've never heard of that. But when you hear like a brand, like a high-end brand that you've never heard of, whether it's like clothing or makeup.


Yeah. It's like, oh, that's Hailey Bieber's favorite thing. Yes, exactly. That's something they sell at like, Like a counter app. Barney's. Yeah, Barney's counter. Totally. You're not gonna to the Americana, like Macy's and fucking picking that up next to the Chanel counter. No, they won't let you touch it. Actually, if you're anywhere near all the women that work there, turn their back on you. Like French maids. Oh yeah. In the 16 hundreds. So now it's time to get into Georgia's story. The Summer Hill Road murders.


The killer robot queen herself is back in theaters June 27th with a major upgrade. She's faster, stronger, and dare we say taller. That's right. Here to talk about the highly anticipated sequel Megan 2.0. It's Megan. So Megan, what's your character's motivation in this film? Well, it's simple. Really? You mess with my best friend, then you get messed up boy length like glue. So you try to separate us. Let's just say things might get sticky. Am I making myself clear? How hard has it been being in the spotlight? Not hard at all. I don't let anyone get in my way. Obviously there will be rumors like me and my past actions, but unless there's evidence, you can't blame me for being a little intense. I just care too much. Well, thanks for joining us, ma. Well, Can I just say one thing before I go? I want you to know I've been misunderstood. If my past mistakes mean anything, just know I had everyone's best intentions in mind. It's interesting you say that because in your new film, Megan 2.0, you're trying to fight an evil Android named Amelia who was built with your code. And you have to work with Gemma and Katie to take her down at all costs. I'd say that's pretty nice for Achille Robot. Can a girl have lo From Blumhouse? An atomic monster with Director Gerard Johnstone, Allison Williams and Violet McGraw are back in Megan 2.0 in theaters June 27th. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air, And that means open windows, outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But With Active Guard Outdoor Protection, simply say it's monitoring agents closely. Watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I Get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady, or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye


Cat. People don't mess around when it comes to their pets. I've seen them act that way on the internet. So if You're serious about your cat, it's time to start using a litter that loves cats as much as you do. Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight, low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. It's the cat litter that gives you peace of mind. Their crystals will change color to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infections and kidney issues. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. I love that you get this like small box of cat litter and you're like, that's not gonna last me long. And I know that because it doesn't make my back hurt when I carry it into my cat box area. But lo and behold, it's such good litter that one bag does last up to a month. It's so crazy. It's such good litter. It makes your house not stink. It's all the things Dream come true. Right now, save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy@prettylitter.com slash mfm. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Pretty Litter cannot detect every feline health issue or prevent or diagnose diseases. A diagnosis can only come from a licensed veterinarian. Terms and conditions apply Seaside for details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Mm. Ready for the Summer Hill Road murders. Yes, dude, this is one of these, this is one of those ones I've wanted to do for so long. Okay. All right. Quick sips. Quick sip. So, Fayetteville, North Carolina. It's near Fort Bragg. Let's talk about 1985. Okay. All right. So that Sunday, May 12th, an army sergeant named Bob Sea felt and his wife noticed that the papers were piling up on their, their neighbor's doorstep. Okay. And they were like, what's going on? That's bad. And you know what? We haven't seen her in a couple days.


And her, her car is in the driveway. Oh. The people that were living there was a woman named Catherine Eastburn. She was the mother to five-year-old Kara, and 3-year-old Erin, as well as Jana, who was 21 months. Her husband, Gary Eastburn, was away attending an Air Force captain in training school in Alabama. So he's outta town. They knew that she's not fucking around What's going on? They heard a baby crying when they went to look at the house. They look in a window and see Jana, the 20 month, 21 month old standing by herself in her crib. Her arms were outstretched to them. Oh.


That for some reason, fucking Bob is like, let's wait till the cops get here before we break in. The cops get there, they break in, they find Jana. She's severely dehydrated. So dehydrated. And when I fucking, I remember hearing this a while back, that it, I think about it all the time. Her teeth were black. Oh. And she had hours left to live. Oh my God. I know. They pass her through the window to the neighbor, and then they go to look through the rest of the house. So in the master bedroom, they find the five-year-old Erin lying on the floor by the bed. Her throat's been cut. Mm. On the other side of the bed is Katie, the mom.


She's bound with rope. Her blouse and bra pulled apart. She's naked from the waist down. Her throat is cut. And she has multiple stab wounds. Ugh. To her body. I know. Fucked up shit. Yeah. Two doors down from the bedroom, they find Kara the three-year-old. Ugh. It's really awful. She's stabbed to death as well. She's under her blanket. It looks like she's almost like hiding under her blanket. Oh. And she stabbed da da. And also Katie, the mom was raped. All three had severed throats. Oh, I know. Guess what day it was that they found her Mother's day?


Oh, 1985. All right. So the witnesses, so one neighbor says he saw a man leave their home at about 3:00 AM after the murders are thought to have taken place based on, you know, the autopsy. She said she saw a white tte parked near the crime scene. Then a man who lived in the area named Patrick Cone and approaches and says that he saw a man leaving the residence three nights before when the murder was supposed to happen. And he says, quote, I was walking home from my girlfriend's house about 3:30 AM As I was walking, I saw a white chavet parked on the road. Then I saw this white dude walking down the lady's driveway.


I passed right by him. And he said, I'm getting an early start this morning, or something like that. Then I watched him get in his white chavet and drive off. He describes the man very thoroughly. He's six foot four blonde. He had on a black beanie, a black member's only jacket, white shirt, blue jeans had was like carrying a a bag over his shoulder. It just makes me think of that. Did you see that graphic, that infographic where it said like, in your life you'll walk by a murderer 36 Times? Yes. That's amazing. And That was one of his, was that 36? I think so or so in the thirties? It was so, it was so high. I know for that, It just made me think of that.


Oh, that's scary. It's horrifying. So three days after the murders, the cops find out that three, that a couple days before the family had been killed, they had put in a classified ad to get their dog adopted because they were leaving the country. So this Katie is by herself at home, and a man answers the ad and comes and gets the dog during the day. And they're like, who the fuck is this dude? Here's a composite sketch. They put it on the fucking news. The man who adopted the dog, his name is Tim Heni, is watching the news that night and was like, shit, that's the dog we adopted.


And I look a lot like that sketch. So he goes to the police, he answers all their questions. He doesn't get an attorney. He gives them samples of hair, blood, semen, everything. He just, he's really cooperative. But he drives a white chavet. Oh No. Yeah, they let him go 'cause they don't have enough evidence to arrest him. But later the night they, they go back with a warrant for him and arrest him. So the night that they thought the, the, the women got, or the, the mom and the kids got killed. So Tim Heni had dropped his wife and their daughter off at his parent in-laws.


Then he drives to an ex-girlfriend's house, propositions her, she shoots him down. He says he went home, ate dinner, watched tv, and went to bed the Friday morning. They thought that was Thursday night. The morning after he takes a single item to the dry cleaners, a black member's only jacket. Oh, dude. The, the only things that were stolen from the house, it seems are a debit card and some cash. And so $150 is taken out twice. That's the limit. So $300. And it turns out that Tim Heni is $300 short on rent, which he pays the Monday after these murders.


Then a woman identifies him as being the man she saw at the same time that she was there at the ATM. All right. So forensic expert goes in there. He six months later, finds a condom package undiscovered by the police underneath the dresser. Fuck. So he fucking finds a condom wrapper. Fuck. So, according to him and his forensic expertise, he says that the condom suggests consensual sex because very rarely did, did a rapist carry condoms to commit their violent acts, which I wanna fucking call bullshit on immediately.


Yeah. In the, in the eighties, they probably thought that, but of course you don't wanna leave DNA or anything behind. I just don't think, I just hate that argument that well, if there was a condom on, then you had time to fight. Or it was consensual somehow. Oh, no. Bullshit. You know what I mean? Like that, that pisses me off. Well, yeah, that's insanity. That's what he says. He said that. So the man Paul Stombaugh concludes that the murders were committed by two assailants And that the little girls might have been killed because they could identify the killer. But he says, someone said that they, they were killed 'cause they could identify the killer. But he says that the girls were asleep when, when they got killed.


Okay. So this dude, Tim Heni goes to trial and the jury returns with a guilty verdict and he's sentenced to three life sentences. Oh, shit. Yeah. No, no, no. I'm sorry. He's sentenced to sentenced to death three times. Oh my gosh. Yeah, because they're pissed. They're like, yeah, you killed little girls. Yeah, yeah. Setting an example, right. When he's getting booked, he receives a postcard. This guy Tim Heni from someone calling themselves Mr. X, and it says, dear Mr. Heni, I did the crime.


I murdered the East burns. Sorry. You're doing the time. I'll be safely outta North Carolina when you read this. Thanks Mr. X. Fuck you, Mr. X. Right. Who is that? And the prosecution got that too. Who is that? Who is that? Mr. Rex. So he's on death row for two years. And then the defense is arguing to get him out of, you know, to get his conviction overturned. They argue that the crime scene photos that the jury saw were so gruesome and awful, that it swayed the jury's decision. And his conviction is overturned in 1989. And they, he gets sent back for a retrial.


So he's convicted and then it's overturned. And he goes back for a retrial. But sorry, but how can a picture sway? Like, just having to look at that. There was no way that they could then go from there and make a decision. They put up these huge photos of it, you know, over his head. And we hammering, you know, the, the crime scene photos, the autopsy photos of little girls. Oh no, were hammering at home and saying that, you know, there was no, there was no way the jury would, would not wanna convict someone for doing this stuff. Well, And also the jury was traumatized by having to be absolutely part of that. Yeah. I feel so bad for those people.


So, I mean, what do you think about that being overturned on those based on that? I mean, you know, it just immediately makes me think of the staircase and like those people where when we think of like the prosecutor, you give them all this credit. Like you think, oh, these are gonna be people who are presenting a fair case. Yeah. Fairly, as opposed to people who have immediate bias and want to win their case and An agenda, Anything to do it. Yeah, Totally. I mean, and if you think about the, the evidence against him, we really don't have anything other than, you know, some witness statements and the fact that he was there a couple days beforehand getting the dog. Yeah.


He Has no alibi that night. It's bad news for him. Because it's almost like you were presenting it in a way where I was like, oh, this poor guy. But then the more things you said, I was like, it's totally that guy. How could you, it's so obvious. Yeah, yeah. It's the hamms razor thing where it's like this, there's no, it's not, it can't be a coincidence. Well, That's why I love this case. It's fucking, it gets worse. Okay. Don't worry. It gets worse. So at his second trial, all the witnesses are wishy-washy and the prosecution argues this And that, you know, and they break under pressure. And so it's kind of all convoluted. And then the defense for Tim Heni were able to find a dude who, okay, so this dude would walk the neighborhood late at night.


He was six four, same height as Tim Heni. And he admitted to always wearing a members only jacket, a black beanie, a white T-shirt, and dark corduroy pants. And carrying a book bag over his shoulder. He walks in the courtroom, he's a spitting fucking image of Tim Heni. No. Yes, No. Yes. All right. Spitting image. Somehow this dude a agreed to fucking do this. Yeah, That's what I was gonna say. Wouldn't you be like, I think it's time for me to move to San Francisco. Yeah. Goodbye. So Tim Heni acquitted on all counts And that conviction. No overturned, acquitted. No, sorry. But they're not, they didn't prosecute that guy.


They were, they were just saying it's possible. Yeah. That some, they saw someone else. They, they kind of like all the, like all the eyewitnesses they were able to discredit Yeah. For whatever reason. Okay. So there was, You know, nothing really tying him to the murder. And members only jackets were crazy popular in 1985. That's, that's true. I was 15 tall blonde men wearing members only jackets. Oh my God. There were So many of them everywhere. Yeah. Okay, let's go. All right, this is 89. Let's go to 2007. Okay. DNA is a thing now. Thank God. Thank fucking God. So there's DNA inside Kate, the mom who had been raped, although they didn't, they didn't specifically say that she had been forcibly raped.


They just Right. Because the condom theory. But there was semen inside of her. Right. So the condom could have nothing to fucking do with any of this. The results of the DNA test from the semen inside of Kate showed with, with 12 million to one certainty that the semen belonged to Tim. Oh, No. Right. But he had already been acquitted. Oh no. So motherfucking double jeopardy. Right. It's so double jeopardy is prohibited by the Fifth Amendment. It means that you can't get tried for something that you'd already been acquitted for.


Yes. Seems like it needs to be fucking fixed. And it's stupid, but No, No, no. I mean, con considering DNA now, like, Well, in this situation, but that's, no, it's a good law. Because it's like saying they can't just keep on coming at you and being like, we did. We believe it's you. Like if they've proven, yeah. If they, if we've gone through it. But in, but in a perfect system, when those prosecutors go to the judge with new evidence, the judge will un will, will, you know, judge that evidence and, and say whether or not it's, you know, it's, it's worth a new trial. But they'll never be a perfect system. 'cause it's a human system. I know. That's the problem with life. So you can't just keep on going like, well, here, we're gonna do it again.


And this time it's gonna be, 'cause then it could just be like, if you had a crazy prosecutor that won't leave you alone. Well, guess what? They did it a third time. What? They took him to trial. How? Well, I'll fucking tell you How I ask if as if I'll never find out. I don't, I don't know. Like, I don't know. Thanks. This is the end of my story. Okay. So Tim Heni had been a soldier in the US Army. So the, the state can't try him, but the army can. Oh shit. The military can, because he'd been a soldier. The US Army could, could, and the federal government is a sovereign authority separate from the individual states that make up the country.


Okay. So Tim at this time, Tim Henis, who's 49 years old, retired as fuck from the army, Just chill, relaxing, Chill on as fuck Murdering entire family. So he's Retired, and this is a big fucking point of contention. He is ordered out of retirement and back into active duty just so they could court-martial him for the murders shit. Yeah. Seems unfair. Right? I mean, just if devil's advocate, if he was innocent, Unprecedented. Yeah. Like, and this argument of like, who has final say? Are you bigger than the fucking, you know, it's government shit. It's Government shit.


Yeah. If the government wants you, they're gonna get you And you Fucked. So at the, at the fucking court martial trial, his attorney, Tim Penn's attorney, brings up the possibility because they had found semen in her vagina that maybe they had had consensual sex, even though he had never admitted to that. And he didn't say that the attorney did. And the fucking jury was like, are you, like, that's what you're bringing up now. So they find him guilty on three counts of premeditated murder. But guess what? The statute of limitations had expired on rape. So he didn't get, can we please talk about statute of limitations on rape? I Feel like they're getting rid of that. I feel like there's some states where they've gotten rid of it.


Yeah. It's in action. I believe It's just, I just wanna bring it up. How fucking disgusting that is. No, You're exactly right. It Just makes me Sick in the same exact way that it's disgusting that Mike Pence wants women to Have funerals for their FETs, have funerals For miscarriages. Miscarriages. It's truly insanity. It's hurtful and mean and fucking, It's spiteful and it's assuming, it's just so controlling and insane. It's so Controlling. Okay. Found guilty. So now he's on death row, like right fucking now this was in 2010.


He's on death row in an army facility in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Okay. Now let's get to a couple random things before we decide everything. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So in his case, there's no blood fingerprints or fiber evidence that connects him to the murder. And he has an alibi for the ATM visit, which is a little shaky. I'm not saying he didn't do it, I'm just saying like, here's some weird shit because I really don't know. Right. Two former FBI assistant directors released a report concluding that the unit, that the unit that had tested his DNA and found that it was in her vaginal swab, that they had overstated misreported or withheld blood e blood evidence in dozens of cases, including three that ended in executions.


Oh, they, the, the, okay. This quote, they had to throw out cases and cases because the results were either doctored, wrong, or covered up. The lab was shown to be a total tool for the state's prosecutors. Oh, no. Right. Wait. And this was in, sorry, this was in North Carolina. Yeah. Okay. Or Kansas one. I don't wanna be wrong. You Started in North Carolina? Yeah, but now, but he's in Kansas. Oh. Of the Army. Got it. Got it. Alright, so let's really, so Basically they're just like, we're gonna send this off to here and get exactly what we want back. Yeah. And they're proven to be incorrect, but we're not gonna check back in with those crimes.


Right. And I'm pretty sure those swabs were held in a box that were unrefrigerated that on the box of evidence said Tim hen's name not the name of the murder victims. Like they were already fucking targeting him. Yeah. Yeah. They, they were, they were focusing on him. Yes. This is what they wanted to find. Okay. All right. So finally, I just wanna talk about Julie, who was the family babysitter of the three little girls. When they interviewed her, she told the cops that the, the residents had been targeted with harassing phone calls, some of the sexual nature. And she said other two other things that her stepbrothers strongly resembled Tim Heni and even showed them photos of it.


And that she had been in assisting the vice squad in setting up bus from local for local drug dealers. And she even said on one occasion that she'd been followed home from the Eastburn residence by an angry drug drug dealer. Okay. But here's the coolest thing. Not coolest, but like more so she admits to her fascination. She's like a 16-year-old, a fascination with Dr. Jeffrey McDonald. Fatal vision. Is that, what's that? It's The, the one who was accused, Right? Yeah. Yeah. So he, so he's a military officer. He claims a band of drug crazed, long-haired hippies broke into his home while he was sleeping on the couch, murdered his pregnant wife and two and five-year-old daughters.


Yes. Sounds familiar. Right? Yeah. Yeah. While he upstairs, he's convicted of the slings sentenced to death. At the time of the murders, the fam it was 1970, so it was clearly, you know, 15 years difference. But at the time of the murders, the McDonald family lived four and a half miles from the fucking east Burn home. What? Yeah. And this girl who was the babysitter of these three little girls, was fascinated and writing him letters and they were communicating in prison. And her fucking siblings looked exactly like these guys. And she believed he was innocent. They wrote all the time.


They had the DEA had set up a drug deal using Julie, this girl, Julie, and the victim's house that weekend that fell through and the murders happened. No way. Right. Well, she was obsessed with him. Apparently She was obsessed with Jeffrey McDonald's. Yeah. Dr. Jeffrey McDonald. Yeah. Wait, that girl Okay. The babysitter's like, what a rich life she's living. Yeah. Because she's setting up, like, she's trying to do like drug stings. Yeah. I mean, and she's 16. Yeah. Jesus Christ. I know. Right. Now also, did she, was that a secret to the family that she's like setting these stings up for, I don't think the family knew, but she like fucking blabbed to the cops immediately about all this stuff.


Oh my fucking God. I know, right? Like the, it's just too crazy that, that the murders are so similar. What's your theory like with all of that? Oh my God. Oh, well, I'm just saying, do you think he's innocent or guilty? Oh, you know me, I can go fucking either way. Yeah. I think it's that thing of like, I don't know if he's involved or not, but I don't know if he should be in prison or not. I don't know. Right. I don't know. I I, it's, it's too circumstantial to me. And the fact that they didn't get DNA until 2007, especially if there was a condom wrapper. And that was their theory. Was it a common wrap or was it a used condom?


I think it was a condom wrapper. So it was just basically proof that there was a condom somewhere in play. Yeah. And the forensic guy was like, I don't know the sex life between the husband and wife, but this was there. Right. So if, if you're introducing a condom wrapper and semen Oh, and oh no, wait, hold on. There was like a towel that had blood on it. There were all these, there was a, a shoe print that was a size nine and Tim was a size 13. And blood. There was all these, it it points to, to at least I know there are more than one. There's more than one murderer. Yeah. Or more than one person suspect. Yeah. Yeah. So either he did it with someone else, or You know, someone thought there was money in the house.


They knew this woman was loan. The thing to me, the idea of killing children, slashing, stabbing children to death and slashing their, that's a person who is beyond like, right. Yeah. That's a person that is, that's no, that's a person that's not motivated by money or drugs. 'cause I feel like those people, or that has to be a person that's maybe on drugs, bare men. And Then you think about the fact that they left the 21 month old alive because she couldn't identify anyone. And you think Okay. At first I was like, well, they must know the assailant. They must know the killer. Otherwise he wouldn't have had to, you know, if they just went in there to rob and rape and even kill the mother.


Right. They, unless, but then the, the forensic dude said that they were sleeping, which I don't completely buy because I guess she was like cowering under her Star Wars blanket. Ugh. I know. Which is heartbreaking. Well, Yeah. I mean, it's Like, you don't why, why you don't kill children if you're just Right. Because even if you, Like even burglars are just like, I just wanna steal shit. You don't kill children. Yeah. You don't go from from stealing fucking money to killing children. Right. And, And you don't, even if you're retaliating against someone like a stool pigeon, who is this 16-year-old girl, what does a five-year-old have to do with that?


And then, and who has the fucking like, ice cold in their veins to be able to kill two children and the mother. And, And then, and then why would you leave the rape child like it? All of it is like ran so random. It Just, to me, what makes sense is that the, the girl told information to the wrong people. Maybe she had nothing to do with it and she was obsessed with it. I mean, may maybe she did the fact that she was obsessed with this killer who killed, who maybe killed, you know, and that's a whole nother fucking my favorite murderer. Yes. Because we've, I think we've both talked about that one, how Errol Morris thinks he's innocent. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's a whole Yes. Fucking episode. But it's too similar to the fucking murderer she was obsessed with.


Right. And maybe he's not the murderer and or innocent man she's obsessed with Yeah. 'cause there is the there is, but Why? But they're still the same. They're still so similar. Yes. Very similar. That's crazy. Now it's such a personal thing to stab somebody to death. It's such an angry thing and such a, as we all know, that's like a, a, a personal attack. Where has the husband in any way been introduced into this mix? No. Gary is a fucking saint and a good guy. He, he and his, he raised Jana. She is fucking amazing and wonderful. Like he, he had nothing to do with it. Right, right. Okay. For sure. Just, Just, I know it seems like he should and you'd look into it, but I don't, I really don't think he does.


They always, you know Yeah. The husband, the husband's the first person. Totally. And then I wonder like, okay, so stabbing is a really personal thing And that, but that's, that's not as gruesome as something like slitting someone's throat. Like those are two very different fucking actions. Oh. But I would argue it's more gruesome because you can, which ones stabbing? Oh. Because it's repeated. Whereas slitting someone's throat, you can do it and walk away and know that they're gonna bleed out and die. Yeah. But Have you ever like punched someone and you're like, I really like mid punch, or like, I don't wanna do this. And so you kind of do it like weekly, like week? No, No.


I mean, I've never punched anyone. I don't think, Oh, go ahead, hit the face, Karen. Let's do an experiment right Now. Let's do it now. Ugh. I don Dunno. But I mean, wasn't it multiple, I mean, this is insane. To cut someone's throat hard enough to fucking kill them, I feel like takes more effort than, than someone who doesn't really want to be doing this. You know what I mean? Like, I know what dude about fuck Fucks, but you don't wanna be doing it. You're not gonna then lightly stab multiple times. Like that's the, that's the thing is it wasn't If it were, to me, a slashing someone's throat is similar to, it's like you don't have a gun. It's slim similar to like a kill shot in the back of the head where you're just getting it over with. Where you must stabbing is In incapacitate them by stabbing them.


Yeah. And then you slit their throat to just fucking end it. But the stabbing part is the part where you get involved. And that's why, why would you even go through that? Unless you want to. Yeah. Unless you're okay with the idea of fucking stabbing a human. Also, Also she kind of looked like my mom. The mom Kate did. Yeah. Oh. Had that like, that That like seventies mom hair. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, go on. No, no, no, no. I'm just thinking like, it's just so crazy the fact that they had two witnesses for a person that was leaving the house at 3:00 AM you know what I mean? And also how can it be that many coincidences where it's like he was there, he had the same car, he had the same clothes.


He, He went there a couple days before, knew she was alone in the house. Yeah. That's not good for him. I Don't think so either. It, it doesn't, the coincidences that would have to happen for that to happen are fucking insane. He gets what people think online. Like webs sleuths is like the coolest fucking website and they're like discussing it, which is All over killing season, by the way. It's, they're like, they talk about webs luth the Whole time. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah. So they're like, well, he went to his ex-girlfriend's house that night, got turned down for boning and was like horny as fuck. Knew a woman who was home alone went over there. She turned him down and he fucking flipped. Yeah. That's, That makes sense.


That's the theory. Yeah. And he's like enraged at women. He's like on a mission, but he's Never, according to everyone else, the rest of his life, he's been a fucking decent human being. Right. He does have some, some check forging, not charges. But that's not the same thing as Oh, but that's something. Is it that's, well it's not a totally clean record. That's not being like a decent being human being that that means check forging is like you're willing to cheat to get money. Yeah. That's something I feel like that's the way a, some people start And then you need to cover your tracks and shit. Yeah.


Oh my God. It's, I don't Know. That's crazy. I don't fucking Know. And, And horrible in so many ways, those poor Little babies. Oh, that's what I wanted to end on actually, is that I, I wanted to end with talking about the victims because it's how, it's like, I don't wanna end on this fucking dick. So Gary, the dad, the father and the dad, the tombstones that he, he had them etched with. So, so Aaron do, do, okay, so Aaron, who's three years old, he had tiny dancer written on her tombstone for Kara who was five. He had daddy's little shadow.


And for Catherine, his wife, he had, you are the sunshine of my life. I just wanted, I just didn't wanna end on Something that wasn't tragically sound. I just wanted to mention them at the end. No, totally. You know what I mean? Of course. I mean, yes, absolutely. But No, that's Karen, please what hap please tell me what happened. Okay. Here's what happened, please. Oh my God, that guy got a dog And that dog was a piece of shit and he was pretty pissed off. Yeah. No. And that's it. That was this theory falls apart. No, this is, that's maddening. And it's the kind of thing when it introduces the idea that DNA evidence can't be trusted. Yeah. That the system can't be trusted, that an entire prosecutor's office can't be trusted, then it doesn't really matter what answers you come up with because nothing ever feels like an answer To me, the, the the period on the sentence is that there is so many other DNA hits in that house that there's no way that the story they're telling us is what happened.


Blood on a towel from like af after killing them, it looks like it was cleaned up. There's a pubic hair in the fucking living room. There's bloody footprints. There's fibers that and, and DNA under their, under two of their fingernails that don't match to him. Oh. There's DNA under their fingernails. And for some reason they refuse to put it through codis. That's very weird, Isn't it? 'cause they don't wanna introduce something that doesn't match. Yeah. Oh man. Hey. Ugh. So yeah, that's the, the Summerhill Road murders that has fucking stuck with me for years and years.


That's Crazy. Sorry. That's amazing. Yeah. Wow. Hi. Hi. How are you? I'm ruined. How are you? Yeah, not great. No. Well, fascinating though. Yeah. Isn't it? Well, because they are, I just was reading something recently about how, I think it's the hair evidence. Was it hair evidence? Something is being, becoming more reliable than fingerprint Something's more reliable. Yeah. Like finger, they're starting to say the fingerprint evidence might not be as reliable as they thought. Oh My gosh. It basically, I think obviously we know that that forensic science is still developing.


Oh my God. Yeah. But I just wish it would move ahead quick so we could just find out, because that's the con the confidence of DNA evidence being the final word. Yeah. That's why everyone goes, okay, well sorry, but it's d evidence so goodbye. Nothing we can do about it. Instead of knowing that humans deal with that DNA from the moment it is picked up as evidence at the scene, it's being picked up by a human to, when it's tested in the lab To a lab being like owned by a prosecutor's office. It's like humans. That's just horrifying. I, this is why I think that double jeopardy in, in the age of DNA and retesting and the Innocence Project and all this, we might need to rethink that.


I don't think so. No. Well, 'cause it's like saying you get the one chance. Well It's, yeah. So it's so shitty that like, you know, all these, all these defense attorneys or all, sorry, all these prosecutors and cops, you know, when they can't bring a trial, they can't bring someone to trial because they don't have the body, you know? And so they have to wait until they find the body. Right. It's just, Dude, I don't know. So You let this person go free or do you try to fucking, do you try without a body to convict them? I mean Yeah. You have to do something. Yeah. And if it doesn't, if it doesn't go well, then in 10 years when the DNA can be tested or the body is found and the DNA is tested and it matches, then you should be able to fucking retry them.


I disagree. I know. Punch me in the face. You'll see. That'll Prove it. Yeah. Alright. Forensic scientists out there. Keep doing what you're doing. I angels Shout out, Tell us things that we did wrong. Yeah. We don't know what the fuck we're talking about. I mean, it sounds cool though. Ours are all just feelings. So many feelings. Do you wanna say a, a, a good thing from your week? Do I have one? Do I have a good thing from my week? What do you have? I can't think. No. Go. That's like when you're trying to order in a restaurant, it's like, no, you can go ahead. You go first. You go ahead. You go first. Okay. T melt.


T melts Pretty good. God. Well, you know, we, last night, Allison Asse and I went and saw the movie Delicatessen, which is Oh, that's a good movie. It's from like the late eighties I think, or the early nineties. Yeah. Oh, that's a fucking art house film. It's A total art house film. And we saw it at Sena family. I guess Sina family would be my thing of the week because yeah, it makes me feel smart to go there and like a film person. Film. I'm into film and, but then also they have just amazing movies where when you're sitting there you go, oh, that's why you have to see these movies on the Yeah. On the big screen. Yeah. And delicatessen was like the greatest.


Ah, that's great. I guess, well last week was Thanksgiving and I guess just my family and I had the like lamest best Thanksgiving and it was awesome and so stupid and not fake. And my like year old nephew is there and he's the best fucking thing I've ever seen in my life. Kids are the greatest. Ugh. He's an angel baby, as is my 6-year-old nephew. But you know, he is not a baby. No. He's moved into a different area. Yeah. But he's a great too, so I guess nephews. Okay. Nephews. Nice. Yeah. All right. Well great. Review, subscribe. Yeah, please. I mean we're not, that's not just fucking lip service. Please actually do that.


That's not our lip service to you. Fake asking. We're Genuinely asking. If you don't mind, that'd be great. And just and just stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. You want a cookie? Oh, you want a cookie? He was sleeping. Okay. Bye bye. And we are back. Oof. Wow. That story is like the definition of the line. Don't worry. It gets worse. Yes. You literally said it during the episode. Yeah, yeah. And it is like it starts terrible and just devolves from there.


It Does. It's one of those frustrating ones where you're like, I'm not totally sure what happened because everything is so convoluted and it didn't have to be that way. Yeah. But It's Any updates on this? Yeah. There are some random facts that I wanna update everyone on and this one for condoms and rape case investigations. On that topic, the criminal justice system began widely acknowledging that some rapists use condoms during their attacks. In the 1990s, they acknowledged that as forensic science evolved and more cases highlighted this tactic. But before the 1990s, the absence of semens sometimes led investigators to doubt whether an assault had even occurred, which we argue about in this case. Yeah. Or assume the attacker failed to ejaculate, which is just a wild assumption either way that should not be made.


No. At all. No. And then as far as the statute of limitations goes on, rapes several US states have eliminated the statute of limitations for rape and other felony sex crimes. Thank fucking God like that needs to be worldwide and the list is ever changing. So check out rain.org for a complete state by state guide. And as part of the Justice for All Act of 2004 federal crimes like rape on federal land or military basis, there's no limitation if DNA evidence is involved. So that's a nice update. Yeah, that's good. So regarding the case with updates, Timothy Henis continues to sit on death row.


His lawyers have filed appeals challenging the Army's jurisdiction and citing constitutional double jeopardy prohibitions. They also filed a writ for Sier with the US Supreme Court. But as of 2021, all of these have been denied. Okay. Well let's talk about our favorite part of this episode, which is truly the name Funky Diva, the store of Funky Diva. The history with Funky Diva Georgia's life at Funky Diva. Perhaps our sliding doors moment where we were both at Funky Diva at the same time. That's right. I believe that happened. I believe it's real. I bet it did. For sure. Red string theory of like you're over here with your choker trying to ring some people up.


I'm over there looking at ringer t-shirts. Yeah. And trying to figure out a new joke for my set. That definitely happened. Right? So it should be named Funky Diva, but let's say we were gonna change the name today to name it something updated. Maybe the wrong pcast. We could Call it The funniest thing of me Loving it and then you going like, it's Vincent. Like admitting it immediately is the funniest 'cause that's the funniest jokes that I ever say are always just my friends saying that I heard them say, yeah, it's so, Which I feel so guilty I can't do it. I mean, I love that you called yourself out, but it's so hilarious 'cause it's like something as simple as cast. You're like, no, Vince. Vince made that up. I can't. Yeah, Of course we could also name it Orange Junko jeans or if you want to Orange Junko jeans, Depending, it has to be incorrect.


No, it has to be incorrect. That's how I like it. And then my question to you always, how about we could call it, is it British? And the answer is always Yes. Capital. Yes. Always. Yes. That was a great episode. Yeah, you guys, thanks for listening to, again, thanks for listening a second time maybe to this episode and the first time to this episode, a rewind Re-analysis, just really getting in there and taking a fine tooth comb to this podcast. What a great celebration of our work. What could go wrong? Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


Ah, This July 4th, celebrate Freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces, you can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees, every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Are you Still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod Meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech. I am saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stalk their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid ready with a new parent line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and Child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com.