
This is exactly right. Hello And welcome to Rewind with Karen in Georgia. That's right, because it's Wednesday, it's rewind, and today we're recapping episode 49. At the time we named it The Great Guy Law Time. New Years Spectacular. I like it. Should be a little longer, but, So this episode came out December 28th, 2016.


That's the day your holiday trip to visit. Your parents should end, but you always stay two extra days. And then let's listen to the intro of episode 49. You're Gonna do something, don't half-ass it. Speaking of which, This is my favorite murder. Did you get that? Steven? Are we recording the show? Oh my God. Oh my God. Welcome to my favorite murder. End of 2016 episode. This is the end of this fucking shit pole of a year. Now, if you had a great year, congrat Fucking Relations, how did you do it? Press stop and and go.


Have fun with your And go fuck yourself. Our new musical. Yeah. Oh My God. Speaking of, did you hear the song that a, a techno song that a dude made? What? Of our pod? You haven't heard this? No. Oh my god. Of our podcast. Hold. Okay, wait, hold on. I feel so, such guilt for the amount of things people do and make and whatever that I'm always like, oh, I missed that three months ago. Well, You're gonna die because this is the best thing that's ever happened. Okay, are you ready for this? Yes. Y'all ready for this? Dun dun. Okay, this is from Alex. Alex j Squire on Twitter. Oh, that name sounds familiar to me And it's not working.


Why isn't it working? There's just a photo of his cat. And you press play. This isn't fucking in. Okay. Fucking John Wayne Gate. Fucking John Wayne Gate Live Episode. Oh, Fucking John Gate. God fucking John. Oh what? John Wayne Gate. Oh my God, I can't you miss that one. I can't stop smiling.


No, that's, that's you Saying who? That's announcing you announcing the Chicago live show who you're doing. And I And you go fucking gentlemen. And I go, yeah. And it's like this Perfect. It just goes and goes like that. Oh That is, thank you Alex J Squire. Oh my God. Talented motherfucker. Are You friends with Diplo? Because that was incredible. That's the new hit. You're hearing a very familiar laugh. Yes. Lot. We can't ignore it. Lot of you notice A lot of you know and love. That's right. We actually have in our wrap down 2016 Holiday Spectacular. Hey, anything goes, any Who the fuck knows our friend and our guest Mr. Guy Brand.


Hello. Good to be here. So excited. I want that track so bad. I have, I have a dance track from the eighties. It is Margaret Thatcher speeches. No. Turn into An acid dance song. I Know. Oh My God, I love this so much. You guys are also astoundingly lucky with your fandom. Oh, for fuck's Sake. Like, you're like, you're People say it and you're like, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, but like it's crazy. It's weird. It's crazy. The extent to which their response to all of this is she just described a brutal murder. I need to make this a project. Yes. Well actually I have something to surprise you with Karen. What more? Yes. So, 'cause you know, me hearing my voice with techno music behind it is like, that made 2017 for me.


Totally. So, I mean, fuck, this year's a fucking bust. But that you can carry it on in next year. That's right. Okay. So I got a package in my PO box and it just said it was to me. So I opened it and I'm sorry and I don't worry. And I got this letter that made me cry, like literally almost made me cry. I was really depressed today. And then I read it and it made me feel better. It's basically this girl who's like, thank you guys so much. I went to a Chicago show. I also told my, my mom now secretly wa listens to the podcast and she's a secretly, she's lives in Alabama and she's a quote rich, white Republican Southern Baptist mother and is a closet fan. And she can't tell anyone about it. Yes. What's Her name? So when the girl found out that we were doing Chicago again, she said, I immediately bought my mom a plane ticket to Chicago to go, oh, her name is Chelsea.


Why? And look what she gave us. Open this well here. Oh, show you. She works at a company, she works at like a beauty product company. And she sent us a whole line of sweet honesty. No. Oh my God. Oh my God. I know. It's, is this the original or is this how they pro market it now? I Think it's still around. There's sweet honesty from the live show. I try, but it Looks so seventies. I Know, but I on's Sweet honesty. Yeah, No. Was that a real thing? Was it a real Yeah, It's real. That's why that girl had, it was this thing. She had basically it was like, you know, ba loves baby soft perfume from the seventies. Like if you had a t-shirt of that, this was Avon's version, which was sweet honesty.


She, Let me see if I can find her Twitter so I can get My God. And one of these looks like, oh my God, wait, this, this is what they sell now. 'cause this looks like tickle Deodorant. Yes. No old Deodorant. It looks like deodorant from the seventies. It's, this is, I mean This is the podcast that made me try to figure out how my mom could listen to podcasts because she loves true crime so much. We gotta get Debbie on board. We, Debbie, We Get Debbie on board. I don't know how we're gonna do it. Remember when you have to buy your parents an iPod to get them like, and download a bunch of fucking shit for them listening. She to it. She Put it in a drawer. She put it in a drawer. I honestly feel like I need to go greatest hits and burn some CDs for I think so.


You should. That's the way to go. CDs is easier. It's not a lot of having to touch things. Yeah. And plug things in. Yeah. At The Same time, please burn some CDs for Debbie. So at the same time though, my dad figured out how to live, listen to podcasts. And that was a mistake. I'm trying to find Chelsea's Twitter because I wanna give her Hi Marty. Thank my dad. Hi Hardy. My dad figured out how to listen to podcasts and then decided this one wasn't for him. Oh my son. Listen. It's okay. He's More of a nerdist guy. This I I He is like, I just wanna listen to men Tom. I Love it. Yeah. Women are so boring. Can I spray some sweet honesty? Abso You, you can God. Yes. Okay. You gotta huff it. Actually, I, I got My Grandma's Avon lady showing up was one of the most exciting things that could happen.


Avon ladies were the, it just makes me think of Edward Scissor hand. Yeah, right. That was a real thing I remember doing. What was, it wasn't a, it wasn't Avon, but there was another one that was like that. Or maybe it was Avon. We went to a party of it at my Aunt Jean's house one time. And the way this lady was explaining how you had to buy all of this product because if you used a bunch of different brands on your face together Right. It was like chemical warfare on your face. That's the biggest Bullshit I've ever heard in My life. I was 12 years old sitting at the table going bullshit. Everyone would have their face burned by now. It's 12-year-old. Karen was like, she just call you out on your shit. I Think it's amazing salesmanship.


It's smart. It's smart wording. It was very effective. Yeah. It wasn't jaffra, but it was like one of those brands where it was kind of like, it's this freestanding beauty, you know, kind of slightly pyramid scheme. A number of women from my high school who've ended up in multi-level marketing of beauty project. Yeah. Okay. Her name is Chelsea Young and she's on Twitter as Chelsea and then L-E-E-A-U. And she's a fucking, she's from Naperville, Naperville, Illinois. Yeah. She's a sweetheart. That's where bar den cook's from. Oh. Oh my God. Is it terrible? No, no, it's good. Lemme smell it. But I just literally inhaled it. She said at the, oh, that's like baby powdery.


It's Powder. It smells like baby powder. It smells like a diaper. It smells be Honest. It smells like it's adorable. 15 year olds. It smells like a teenage baby, which is what everybody wants. Which Is what mean men are attracted to normal, heterosexual men are attracted to. And she also said that during the sh during the live show, her friend that they were with had to go outside. She was sick with the flu, had to go outside and barf in the parking lot, but came back in and fucking stuck it out. Yes. Like she was like, we were fucking, and she sent me a photo of her, of them and it, she made, Was she sick with the flu of Budweiser Tall boys? Because I've had that same sickness several times in my life. Okay. Guy is gonna, la is gonna la us Up.


Oh yeah. That's what, so that's Why we're pretend ahead. That's what we brought you on those pretenses. That's right. So like you guys, you guys talk about law things a lot, but like, you talk about murder, you talk about murder, We talk about them with a lot of confidence even though we fucking dunno anything. Right. It's true. Let's, There's a lot of theorizing. Yeah. Open, open up. Do you guys have any idea what the difference between a first and second degree murder is? Intent One. Oh, Okay. Why Roman? I don't do Roman numerals. I'm sorry. You're, you're right that it is intent level. It is basically so like first degree murder requires premeditation. Right. But that isn't really planning. Yes. That's mostly just like being in a right enough mind to be like even for a moment, like, I want to kill this person And then doing it like immediately after.


Yeah. I mean you, you do need to like both have the men's rea and the the act happened. Sorry, What's that? At the same time, I don't know that word is that it's a state of mind. Intent is state of mind. Oh, I thought men's reas was your period. That sound like real nasty period. So it's, but second, second degree murder is horrible. Second degree murder is either a, like your passions were raised by, and like the, the paradigm is you see your wife fucking somebody else And you either kill him or her or like some give In the moment, kind of In the moment. In the moment. Or like you, you're like somebody starts a fight with you and they don't use deadly force.


Oh. But you are trying to defend yourself and it Escalates So you, And you kill them. Those are second degree murder things, but second degree murder is used for like the worst things like that. Dude on Ellen, or not on Ellen, what was the Jenny Jones? Jenny Jones. Jenny Jones. We did that one. Yeah. Yes. Or the guy who killed Harvey Milk. Oh, I almost Don't. Dan Brown Don't talk about it. I almost did that one. Oh, okay. No, I'm gonna didn't talk about it. Talk About it. It's really good. But it was, he basically said like, I was so freaked out by being around gay people and I had eaten so many treaties, Twinkle That I wasn't in a right state of mind. And so, And like Oh, so like, okay. He got fired and he got pissed off and came back. So isn't that premeditation though?


I mean the, the, it all depends on what the jury believes. And the thing is, is like the jury is so willing when it comes to like a, a gay guy hit on me and then I killed him. Right. Means you're doing six years instead of like, I decided to kill some gay guy, which is like 15 to life. Wow. You know, like If they can, if they can empathize with you, yes. You're Better off. And so like, like second degree murder is this terrible situation where like, it's completely screwed over from women because in the like seventies they tried to sell this idea of battered wife syndrome. The thing is, is That like burning bed, right? Burning beds? Yeah. What's that? I Don't know that the fire faucet made for TV movie called Burning Bed.


Oh. But Based on A real Story was based on a real story. This woman was so terribly abused. I remember watching it with my mom and at one point, I mean they, it was incredibly graphic of basically showing what domestic violence really looks like. Yeah. And it's incredibly intense. But it was on at like eight o'clock at night on a, b, c or whatever. Oh. And I remember at one point my mom goes, I think you should go to bed. But you didn't. No, of course not. I was just like, out of my way, lady, like standing closer to the tv. Oh my God. God. But it was basically to try to show people this whole thing of like, yeah, knock your wife around and shut her up. It's 'cause you, it's like in my mind when I was a kid it was like, it's romantic. It's 'cause he loves you so much and it's so passionate. Yes. And you must just have this intense relationship and then you see the reality of it and you're like, this is just brutal fucking, it's bullying and and awfulness Cracking someone across the mouth.


Yeah. Because she's lippy. Isn't that a fun thing to say to your friends in the bar when actually it's a horrible pattern because you are abused and once it starts it can't stop because you're in this like in a rage fit, it's salt And you beat a person up like they're a man. And then if you, You're when you're older And you're in a good relationship and the thought of like, Vince, when we get in a fight, which happens, him just fucking smacking me because I he got nor like that would be, that would change my world. And the fact that this is a normal thing for people bothers me so much. But The thing is, what's so fascinating is that like really quick. Yes. So so at night she burnt his bed while he was in it. Then she got off right when she went to That's a Horrible way.


Well the thing is like the, how we learned it in law school, like basically is the terrible thing is for like second degree murder. It is generally a dude grabbing a gun right there. Or it has to be sort of like within the same window of time that his second degree murder sort of like active passion happens. But women who've been beaten don't do that. Oh right. They stew, they panic and then three weeks later they, Or three years, yeah. And they just finally like break and sh like shoot him or burn the bed or whatever. And like, so uniformly battered wife syndrome was rejected by the courts as a thing. But like it's it's pretty Fucked.


It's almost like it may, I feel like it's even worse because they're going through years and years of constant torture and having their minds fucked with 'cause they never know how someone's gonna react. And so they're not even in their right mind. You know when they're planning it. Well the, the thing Beforehand, the thing that's so creepy about all of this is that so many of these ideas were built in the 16 hundreds in England when like things that were very immediate we understood. But the notion of sort of like a long simmering like psychological torture. Right. Nobody understood. 'cause they all died when they were 34. And well and also that men so had the mic that it was like, well they would have to understand how a woman would interpret abuse and, and approach it as opposed to how it would feel or how they would react to it.


Which they would be like, well that's not how it's done. As opposed to that's not how maybe men do it or how it to the individual it was not Being your wife is legal. Like being your wife Was in the Bible. Yeah, it's in the Bible. Can I say this really quick just so everyone knows. Guy Branham is a lawyer. Right? The reason that we're having him talk about get some credentials. We know all this is that you are legally a Lawyer. I graduated from University of Minnesota Law school in 2001. That is amazing. Which means I am an expert on the law of murder and other things in the same way that Karen and Georgia are experts. No, no. In a much better way. No. What? No, wait, finish that stuff. I've always done this. I haven't done this in 15 years. So this is basically just what I remember.


Oh good, good, good. But like from that, let's hop on over to murders best buddy Rape and understand that like in, in common law, in sort of like the origin of our entire legal system, it's a horrible construction of this situation where it has to be a violent act. It has to be against someone other than your wife. Like that, you know, that old school laws and there have been many laws that tried to sort of like update things and I hate like that intimidation, you know, and a woman going along with things to not get murdered shows that she, you know, like she didn't fight so it wasn't really right.


You know, like that kind of thing where she, her pants would've been hard to take off. So she must have been consenting. So basically one interesting thing that you guys like comes up on the show a lot is in some states you still have rape laws that have been updated. But in other states there was this thing in the fifties called the model penal code where they sort of try to make the law reflect the world that we live in now a little bit more. And so that's what the difference between like first degree, second degree, and third degree sexual assault are. And these are very serious issues. And it's weird to hear him man talk about them. And I'm sorry, I had the creepiest m law professor who was like a man in his sixties and he was constantly saying things that you were like, don't say it like that.


Yeah. Don't stop like He was from before. Can I Can, can I tell you, can I tell you the two worst of them? Yes. Always. Please. All right. Oh my God, yes. Are you kidding Me? He's our number one fans. They were, they were. Holly Is, there's no Rape by swindle, which is essentially saying if you promise to pay a prostitute Ah, and then at the end you're like, nope, that's not right. Oh. Which is like classic common law in many states have sort of like figured stuff like that out. And then the other one was don't Do the voice Again. I'm sorry. Do it. I Have to. No, I'll love it For when it comes to sexual violence and age, there comes a point where mental state doesn't matter if you did it.


So like basically you can say, but she looked 18. Oh but you cannot say, but she looked 13, Which was the most chilling thing to hear. I don't understand. So wait, so you couldn't say that she looked of age and so you didn't know. And so it's not statutory rape. Okay. The, the one thing I should be saying is this man was a leading rape expert. Like he was this old like 60 In more ways than once actually 65-year-old Slander, slander White guy. He's probably, he went to Harvard, was like, had written like several books about it but was talking about it this way. And it was just like, no, that's what's wrong with the law. Yeah. Is all of these laws were written by that guy.


Yeah. Can you talk about fucking statute? I mean what comes up and Karen's always like stop it, but statute of limitations, it's just like my biggest it's, and like anything but murder has statute of limitations. Seems like. Yes. And like that comes to an idea of like after a certain period of time, you, you, like you Jude, it's after you find out that the injury occurred, does the statute of limitations total. Oh okay. And it, So 20 years later you can be like, I got raped in it. There wouldn't have passed the statute of limitations. No. Well the thing is, is you knew for all of that time, but if it was something Oh that like you didn't know that something had been stolen from you or Oh okay.


You know, if, if there was a body and it was never reported and like we, we found the body and it's related to nothing, then you have like three or five or however many years I guess it's murder. So that would count. It just make, I feel like someday we're all gonna be like the fuck. Was that about like kidnapping? I don't know all of it. I have a question for you that I've always wondered like, about myself and what would I would do is if you had to go to trial for something big, let's say, would you want a jury or would you just want a judge? Okay, first of all, do you guys understand what the difference between those two things are? Not really the amount of people and robes. Yeah. So one is a jury and one is a judge.


So the Thing is, the idea is is that in all situations you have a finder of law and a finder of fact. So like a jury, the finder of law is always the judge 'cause they're official and they, they know what the law is. And finder of fact, you can either have it be a judge or you can have it be a jury. And like the horrible thing about having gone to law school is that I kind of would trust a, a judge as a finder of fact more. But the thing is, is in a criminal case you can't get a judge as a finder of fact. Really? Yeah. Well I mean you have a right to a jury trial, right? So I mean could you wave one? See this is how much I don't remember this stuff. And the thing is is I Mean you personally have, you Know, well I mean the thing is is that I, no, I I guess I would go with a jury because the thing is, is if I had done it, a jury is easier to like Yeah you, You know, confuse about stuff like that.


Totally. Yeah. And you know there's the wonderful thing that we have this presumption of innocence And we have a thing against double jeopardy, which means right. You know, if you just get them to even just mistrial three times, then you're off. Like there, one of the things that's so interesting about listening to your podcast is this strong presumption of innocence, which is a thing I love does lead to a lot of people getting off who we then later find out we're horrible people. Yeah. I mean it's so shitty 'cause it's like, well there's double jeopardy, but like Yeah, just because this person was terrible and molested children doesn't mean he killed this other kid. Yeah but they Ugh. But it's still, shouldn't they, Oh there's a great thing that circumstantial evidence is evidence, right?


Like, have you guys ever talked about like, I guess you do, you guys do with like DNA and stuff like that? You know, there's A lot of cases that are, that we talk about that are just tried on circumstantial evidence. Yeah, For sure. And you, you do have that thing of, is it beyond a reasonable doubt? Right. Which is like kind of good 'cause it means you need a lot of circumstantial evidence. Yeah. But there's also the weird thing of like it is just these 12 people kind of deciding it, which means that like jury instructions are always the most important thing. Yeah. Jury instructions are like a judge laying out what are the like five clean questions that you need to ask to figure out whether this was the person who committed the murder. Well I, and do they do that when everything is done before they go to start to decide?


Or at the beginning before the case is presented? Okay, So basically I, the end of the trial, both sides will submit a set of jury instructions. These are the ones that we want them to be. And then the judge will basically between the two of those sort of like synthesize jury instructions that he feels or she feels best sort of like reflect the law as it exists and then submit those to the jury. But That would be great and wonderful if it wasn't for the fact that the prosecutors are doing anything in their means including makeup, you know, false stories to get their client off.


You know what I mean? You mean defense attorneys? No. Pro the prosecution to get I guess Both. You said get clients off, I mean, sorry, get get their to e Okay. Yeah, the defense get the clients off. You mean the defense but also the prosecution to get this person charged. And The thing is that in my head I'm always like, like the prosecution has such a better position because like before anything else a DA gets to say, do is this person clearly not guilty? Like a DA can totally just say I'm not gonna prosecute him. And like they kind of have the apparat, the apparatus of the state behind 'em. And defense attorneys when it's not people versus OJ Simpson like so much of the time are like they're worst paid.


Yeah. Like for everything except for white collar crimes. They are like worse paid and they have like worse support and everything. And I do have more sympathy than I probably should for defense attorneys who are like trying to like get somebody off through technicalities. Yeah. Like let's never forget that in the late 1970s, Ruth Bader Ginsburg was going to the south to people who had been convicted, convicted by all male juries and had death sentences and stuff and saying let's reconsider his sentence because there were no women on this jury.


Wow. Wow. And that's why you guys have to serve jury duty Now I do because Ruth Bader Ginsburg made you equal, but in the process kind of got some assholes, like a second chance even though they did what they convict Before. And in my mind, and this might fucking, I might be fucking putting my foot in my mouth, but the I am, I'm more dubious of the prosecution than I'm of the defense. Yeah. I mean, but it is But also defense have so much, so much pushing them to like fight for technicalities. Yeah. Where like, I just feel like Because they're kind of there to just go, they cut down to the bare bones of like, look this guy's this and he's gonna look guilty.


How do I, how do I cut down on how guilty he looks? And you can't do that and just get the lowest number that we could possibly get. And the thing is, is like you do, I mean it is like defense attorneys like shouldn't they all be plea bargaining? Like I just feel like good attorneys in any situation really should be coming to some sort of agreement beforehand. Because going to a trial is just chaos. You don't know what those people on that jury are gonna say. It's crazy. It's Crazy. Crazy. Please, let's never be in that position You guys. Let's do our very best. Okay. Just Do you want me to answer the question from last week? The key key question from last week?


Yes. Yes. What was, do we repeat the question for everyone? What was your question? Okay, My question was my que my, I said life imprisonment a sentence of life imprisonment isn't life imp prison? Right? Well it came out first not to be argumentative. Yeah. The first thing you said was life imprison means 10 years. Well yeah. Which is when I said you're full of it. I meant, I didn't mean 10 years exactly, but yes. I meant life in Well The thing is that's how we started talking about it. We're like, and then I was like, what the fuck is going on In the 1970s? Georgia comes close to being true. Like really? But I'm Sorry, I love vintage, vintage clothing. So it's Not like seventies is my place And You can happen. It's not, it's not remotely true anymore. Oh.


Oh. But it is so like basically, so you have either giving somebody a number of years and sometimes you get the ridiculous number of years and you're like, why are they putting this person in prison for 572 years? And that is because they have committed a bunch of crimes but of a sort that a life imprisonment is not, not an option. And they're trying to put the person in prison. And then there's regular life in prison and life imprison without parole and regular life in prison in like the seventies it used to be that like after as little as like four or five years you could be up for parole. Which Why, why use the word life. Right?


That's like a time in prison. It's Ridiculous. It's, it's like a statement that means nothing. It means nothing. That's so Confusing. So what happened is because people kept getting off and going 'cause no one knew it. Right. And killing some people is what? Yes. That you started getting these laws that were called truth in sentencing laws that basically said, and I think a majority of states have passed them and a lot of states now and the federal government have the option of life imprisonment without parole. Right. But the thing of saying that you have to serve at least 85% of your sentence and for life imprisonment creating a certain, like you can't even be under consideration for parole until like 15 years. Yeah. But that's still like if you get life in prison and then you, and then with the possibility of parole in 20 years and so then you get, you know, 15 years or whatever, 85% of 20 years, then, then that's, you get, you spend 16 years in prison, but The St for murder and getting and getting life The like, the story of this kind of is supposed to be that like, but this guy was being a model prisoner.


Right. And he was being so great And there's also this thing of like good behavior time. Yeah. Where like the, the person in charge of the prison can like give like credit time to you because you've been like behaving well. But that is that thing of like, is prison reflective of how you're going to behave in real life? No, I Mean of course not. And this is, now we're getting back into the Mary Vincent Case. Yeah. Where that's what happened to the man who attacked her and viciously maimed her. Yeah. Where he was so good in prison that for, I can't remember his first crime, whatever it was, I it was probably murdering a woman or something.


He spent four years in jail and then got out to, there's a lot of these almost kill her. But let's talk about the awesome and cool ways that you can punish people for being assholes not up. Okay. Okay. So Georgia and I are getting, this Is right up your Alley, Georgia and I are getting more champagne in us. So this conversation, do it let's hope is getting smoother. Let's do it. Okay. So let's, first of all, let's just go back to what does it take to make a murder? What do you think it takes to make a murder? We already talked about intent, the dark intent, A knife. Oh you make your fucking joke about the dark. Let me tell you. For burglary and arson. Yeah. At common law they had to happen at night.


What if you just broke into someone's house? What does That mean at common law? Yeah. Common law means the way that like the law originated in England way, way back when but was still the valid law in the United States until like in places the 20th century, we Didn't change shit because we were stupid. They had to change shit because we were stupid. But like in like in the same kind of olden times where you could not legally be considered to have raped your wife, if you said somebody's house on fire in the daytime, what you were fine. Oh My god, that's the best. And what they said it was a mistake or something. Or like They just, the thing is is that all of this, You weren't being sneaky all Of it. Yes.


It was just like, well the dude who owned the house really should have been watching it better now, shouldn't they? Because Neighbors are assholes. Yeah, That's right. And so those, that's all the law that just exists without us doing any work about it. And then eventually like state legislatures had to come along and be like, well we should do something about this. 'cause they keep stealing during the daytime And everyone's like, eh, but it's tradition and this is how they did it. But there's lights at night now, now that it's 1984. Okay, what else do you need? Like what else do you need from murder? Oh, Intent. So we said intent. Shit. What else? Don't fucking steal my ants. Did you say intent? Yes. Intent Because it kills somebody.


Okay. That's another thing. Okay. This is the thing we talk about a lot is I I think it's fucking insane that attempted murder isn't tried as murder. Okay. That's what we're getting towards. I was just listening to an episode where you were ranting about that and so I Was, I don't Rant. So I was talking about that. That's hilarious. So basically there are, there are three kinds of crimes where you don't have to do the act. So the thing is, is that like the thing that makes murder, murder is that you commit an act, a violent act that deprives someone of their life. Right. And the magic is the difference between depriving someone of their life and knot is huge.


Wow. I could punch the shit out of Steven right now. No. No. And if he like survived then that would just be battery. Yeah. And assault. And I would go to jail for like six months. Is that Because they can't prove your intent? Or even if he was No, like the thing is, doesn't matter. It requires the same intent. Intent doesn't mean I want to kill Steven if I The exact same punch. Yeah. Then he is just like, fuck that dude. Yeah. Punch and it, he's still alive afterwards. That's battery. And maybe go to jail for like three to six months or something. The exact same punch if like, you know, it's, they call it the, was it glass victim or Something Delicate.


Stevens syndrome. Delicate Steven Syndrome under Delicate Stevens syndrome. And he goes down and he's dead. I go to jail for 15 years to life. Yeah. Like it is just, just 'cause Steven space couldn't take it. Yes, It is, it is just that much of a difference. Steven. Just 'cause he loves cats. Just 'cause his mustache didn't reflect the fucking Punch. And it's a little bit crazy. Steven. And it, and attempted murder basically just comes down to like attempted murder is something you just kind of like tack on top of the fact that it was fundamentally just a battery. Well What, okay, but what if you shoot someone in the head and they survive? Or what if you fucking stab someone and leave them for dead and they survive? Well, I mean the thing is is that it is the interesting, you have to like suss into a person's head that it was actual attempted murder as opposed to just like a battery and they can probably sue you for a lot of money.


Can we have like a point where if you put something killy in someone's body, they fuck it's fucking murder. It's a okay, you're Murdering that is aggravated battery. It's use of, I mean this is it putting something killy is actually a legal concept and it's like the difference between first degree sexual assault and second degree sexual assault in a lot of states is what is Did you use Achille? Did you use Achille thing? Oh wow. When you were raping her? Or like in, in some cases the difference is between like intercourse and just sort of like, you know, Forced sexual assault when the person, All of the other things that when consensual are, are fun but not sex. We say that we're gonna get in trouble for so let's not say it.


Okay. Yes. Terrible. You mean what you just said? What? No, I think I agree. Yeah. No, no, no. Right. No, I just mean like explaining what the difference is is gonna piss someone off because it's such a fucking, it's so Okay. Yes. Anyways, We're just talking about the facts of what it is. Yeah. Okay. It's not, it's not a Joke. So, so the point is is that my intent doesn't matter. Like my specific intent to kill doesn't matter nearly as much as what happens to Steven. And so with attempted murder, it is just the fact that at the end of the day, Steven's alive can go to law school one day maybe, you know, just like Really make something of himself. So there are Finally, now with Steven, you're fucking, they're You're doing really well.


Two other in coate crimes. That is, they're not complete. There's no, there's not all, there is an act in them. Mm. But not all of the act Like the all of the act would mean end up dead. Yes. Okay. They're called solicitation and conspiracy. Oh, Ooh, I like these. What Do you think those things are? Selling Is solicitation. Okay. Selling your body Solicitation I think is trying to get someone to kill someone else. Yes. Fuck yeah dude. Solicitation you're like a, It's like five and oh right now It's almost like I just watch TV all day and read fucking murders all night, which I do. The thing about solicitation that's wonderful is, so all you need is the intent to want that crime to occur and an act to get somebody else to do it.


And you are at that point guilty, like the, the crime that comes or the sentence that comes with solicitation is the same as murder. Oh. How is completely the same as murder. So If you accidentally ask like an undercover cop to kill your husband, it's like you killed your husband. But what Do you mean about accidentally? Like you undercover cop. Okay. The the undercover cop was the accident. We tripped upon a fucking coughing uniform. Like you Fell that into a cop's ear. Kill Me. But the thing is, if you said like, God, I love it if Vince weren't around tomorrow. No, you didn't have intent at that time. Okay. So, but if you went to an undercover cop and was like, look, Vince has been the worst And you like wanted it and meant it. Yes. Then yes. Okay, you're going to jail for exactly as much as if you had attempted to murder Vince.


Yes. You Has her handwriting. I have my hand up shit. Oh, so does that mean that when you catch a person on tape, like someone calls someone that's, it's over. Like, it like it always seems like in, You know, forensic files in 2020, it's like the second you make that deal on a phone call. So The act so in, in a murder, the act is putting the stabby thing in. Yeah. But in solicitation the act is just the call. And the thing is, is at that moment it's enough And you are, you are an attempted murderer and if the other person did end up murdering the person, you're a murderer at that point in time. Oh you Are the murderer.


Even if you didn't commit That, the thing is, is you are guilty of, of solicitation of murder which carries the same punishment as murder. Interesting. Now what do you think conspiracy is? Conspiracy To commit murder is planning it but without a hitman. None of these were like solicit More of a DIY thing. Yeah. The thing is is if like, if if you, if you knew that Karen no was, was going to try to, everyone Was getting hurt in this podcast, Not real life. If you knew that Karen was going to try to kill me And you helped her plan it and figure it out. Okay. And basically sort of like conversations that are like in the direction of that happening, that conversation's enough that when Karen kills me, you are all guilty of conspiracy of murder.


And I Can say that, well I thought she was kidding. I didn't think she was serious. And it's for a jury to decide. Right. The thing is is the, it is for the judge to say if she thought she was kidding legitimately that's not conspiracy for murder. Is it admissible And it's the jury. It's not a question of admissibility, it is a question of just like legally that's a mistake that absolves you of your men's rea your your mind state, your entire My word again. Yeah. And, and so, but it's for the jury to be like to look Georgia hard stark in the eye and be like, is she bullshitting us? Mm. And if they think that you're not bullshitting, then you are guilty of the same punishment for murder.


Wow. Okay. I my hand up again because that, okay so that is this thing that's now coming up all the time where people are only now realizing that everybody doesn't react the same way. So if they look someone in the eye right in the courtroom there's a lot of these a crime to remembers where it's like she was icy cold. Yeah. You know, how dare a mother of two be this way, therefore she's guilty. Yeah. She didn't burst into tears, She didn't act like a woman quote unquote. And so she's guilty or whatever. So it's that thing where they're, people are now realizing if a person doesn't act the way you have imagined a person under stress would act or a person that was sad or guilty or you know, regretful or anything.


Those like the, all that projection. But instead it's like every individual deals with that situation Differently. Don't you like when I watch confession or when I watch interview or what's it called when you talk to a perpetrator? Investi You mean in court? No, in like the police room. Interrogation. Interrogation. Thank you. I'm like trying to study that person in every single thing they say. But you just can't fucking Know. No. And we are Back. I had forgotten about this episode and I love it so much. It was, It was Great. Such a great little segment And we always talked about doing it more and never did.


Yeah. Should we talk about why we did it? Yeah. So I was working on talk show the game show, which is Guy Branham who is our guest for this entire hour. He was the host of that show and I was the head writer at the time and I was on it and I was trying to finish the story I was doing that week. I wish I could remember it, I won't be able to, but I just couldn't finish it because I did work. And so I called you and I was like, yeah, I dunno what to tell you but I didn't finish my story and I was like, I simply don't have a story to do so I can't do that. And we went back and forth. I remember walking up and down the, the alleyway outside of the writer's room and then I was like, okay, hold on, gimme one second.


And then I went inside and I was like, Hey look we are fucked. Can you please come and be on the show? And guy's like, yeah I'll do that. I'm like really? Like, because He listened too. He Was a big fan. He talked about it all the time. Yeah. And if we talked about stuff that was like why did they do it this way or that way? Right. Very clueless. He would always tell me at work. Yeah. So I was like, Wait a second. I think I can make up for the fact that I didn't do my homework. Yeah. Get something going. So we're still recording and it's not like a waste of time. Yeah. And then it turned out to be like this bandaid that was like one of the best episodes we've ever done. Yeah. It was so good. He really fucking killed it And that was very nice of him to come on. There are a couple stories that we mention in this episode that we end up covering.


So Guy brings up the Jenny Jones murder case of Scott er, which I cover in episode 40 squad Gords. And then you mentioned the burning bed story that made for TV movie, the story of Francine Hughes. And you covered that recently in episode 4 65. You're kidding yourself sucked is what it's called. So you can check those out. Just kind of like a nice little teaser that we didn't even know he would do. That's right. 'cause all of these stories are kind of hanging in the air around us and it's like that. I remember when I was this many years old and saw this on TV inappropriately and it stayed with me forever. He knew all the answers. It was very nice. All right. So should we get into some more of it?


Let's, let's get into the second part of this law episode.


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're root And we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair root insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for Detailss


Summer's here. And if you're over the age of 11, guess what? You still have to wear shoes. Mm. Might as well get comfortable with Bombas Getting serious about running Bombas. Athletic socks are designed to fight blisters wick sweat and keep you comfortable whether you're on mile one or marathon training. If you're Planning your summer vacation, they even have socks that can make international flights bearable. Bombas compression socks help curb aches and keep those legs energized for all the sightseeing ahead. Headed to a wedding, Bombas has ultra soft dress socks that work with heels or hard sole shoes so you can stay comfy and keep dancing. And You know what goes great with new summer socks, fresh white t-shirts, waterproof slides, and a few pairs of buttery soft underwear. Bombas makes all of that too. That's really true. I actually got some t-shirts and some underwear the last time we got sent some Bombas stuff 'cause I have so many of their socks and love them. And all of the other stuff is as high quality. Just like it's your go-to thing. Super soft, super comfortable, great to wear. It Is. I love those undies. Sorry I said undies. Head over to Bombas dot com slash mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm. Code MFM at checkout Bombas Dot com slash mfm And use code mfm. Goodbye.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trad wife, but let's be honest, we all need reliable wireless And that's where Visible comes in. Visible Is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the go Visible Runs on Verizon's 5G network. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible plus pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus it's all digital. You manage your plan in the app And you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month for Their best features. Get the new Visible plus PRO plan for $45 a month. Terms apply See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye.


One of the things that's interesting is that the idea of how a person would behave is a legal is an interesting legal standard of how a reasonable person act. Mm. So the thing is, is let's say I was walking much larger than Georgia. I was walking towards her menacingly. She became terrified and thought I was going to try to kill her. And she bludgeoned me with the Amy Sits crafts book that we just had. The question for like the jury is a, did she legitimately think I was gonna use deadly force against her and B, would a reasonable person have thought I was going to use deadly force against her?


And that question of how does a reason, how would a reasonable person react is always so problematic as we saw with like Trayvon Martin and so many situations where like we can put our minds into the head of, You know, you know, white dude, but we can't put our heads into the mind of like black teenager. Right? So my rule of pepper spray first and apologize later is probably illegal. No, that's kind of fine because it's non deadly force. Right? That's true. And non-deadly force. This, you know, the wonderful thing about pepper spray is the difference between deadly force and non-deadly force is huge. And if somebody is using non deadly force against, like if somebody is is not trying to kill you right?


And you they think they're threatened And you use And you use any level of non-deadly force, you're fine. That is self defense. Beautiful. That is perfectly good self defense. The thing is, is you need the other guy, the bad guy to be attempting to c kill you for you kill Or like for you to sexually anything for you. You don't know what you don't know how It's gonna, it's the, I mean the terrible thing about the operation of the law as it exists right now is that it does kind of require that he, he or she be trying to c kill you for you to could kill them. And if it is, the thing is is that if presumably if if somebody was coming at you to sexually assault you and was being very physically intimidating, you understanding that as being deadly forced.


Yeah. And sort of understanding if I resist him enough, this dude's gonna kill me. Yeah, that's that's understandable. Yeah. The other situation where you're allowed to use deadly force, even if they're not using deadly force is in your home. Right? Oh yeah. But some, Some states don't Do that. Right? Right. Yes. State does vary state by state. It does vary state by state. But generally there, You know, there is a duty to retreat Yeah. In, in a lot of situations. But you're by Who? By like, if somebody's coming at you And you have a way of getting away from there. Oh You have to, you have the duty to retreat. I mean the thing is is that like if they're using deadly force against you, self-defense is is fine. But like if you have a clear way out, use your clear way out.


But nobody's expecting you to retreat from your home. Oh, okay. Like you, you get to maintain your home. Okay. Well that's so interesting. That's good to know. Yeah. Fucking hit hide knives everywhere. You Know, that just reminded me of just a quick anecdote. Do it so it's getting Heavy. Well this is just an interesting thing of like being in the home and also we were talking earlier about growing up in the country. My old roommate, Malva grew up in a town called Auburn, which is like 20 minutes north of Sacramento. Beautiful. And just a gorgeous, gorgeous area up in the the old gold. The gold rush country. Yes. Oh, red, Red woody kind Of thing.


Not red woody. 'cause that's close to the ocean. This is more, but it's very foresty and hilly. Oh. And just a lot of houses. Every house is five miles away from the other house. No, there's no such thing as real neighbors. I don't Think I've ever not shared a wall with neighbor. I don. Yeah. That scares Me. This might really make you uncomfortable. Okay, tell me because So one night and they all grew up like that and my friend Eva told me the story that she, one of her friends, it was, was home alone as a teenager and got up to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night and her parents were like away for the weekend and she stepped into the dark hallway and there was a man standing at the other end of the hallway. So she just started making the weirdest noise that she possibly could on purpose.


Yes. Like, 'cause she just was like, it was just an instantaneous decision where she's like totally alone wherever the gun is, she's nowhere near it. Holy shit, blah, blah blah, whatever. So she just started like being crazy creepy. And it freaked this guy out and he ran outta the house. Fuck. Yeah. That's so smart. Isn't that amazing? That's So smart. Because I am so, I have this big fear that I'm gonna get attacked one day and You know when you can't, you're so freaked out, you can't scream. Yes. You know, happens a lot in dreams, but it actually happens when you just try to scream and your voice is gone 'cause you're so scared. Yes. Like I'm so terrified that that's gonna happen. Whenever I read a murder story where the woman just starts screaming, I'm so impressed by that. Right. So I think those instincts are just like, and to do that is so impressive.


It's crazy. And I think it was, it was her following her instinct. And it's also like when Malva made the noise for me, I was like, stop making that. I was really weird guttural. It was almost like it being an animal. Wow. But it was almost like, she's like, I'm an animal that might attack you. Yeah. And chances are, when you think about stuff like that, there's probably a drug addict. Yeah. Like a local drug addict that was just trying to get something he could, could sell for money, for drugs. And so he's just like, I'll just break into this dark house and I'll get this thing and get out. So he is probably high anyway. And then seeing some weird thing at the end of the hallway making that noise. Like he, He Probably stopped burgling. I like to think, yeah, having The peace of mind when you're in like probably the most scared situation you're ever going to be in.


To play on the other person's sense of fear. It's like, it's just a self self possessed, It's a very good Idea. How can we, what are other ways we can do that? Well, Like sometimes when I walk the dogs and I'm scared at night 'cause I'm walking them in the dark and I'll like pass a house and then I'll look into the window and I can see people and then I'm like, oh, oh, maybe I'm the creep. Like, I always think the creeps behind me, but I could be the creep. I'm sorry. If they're not closing their fucking blinds, then they're, they're asking for it. Right. But like all it takes is the difference of being the girl walking a dog's. Like, I just stepped behind this tree and now I'm the weirdo. Or the person across the street sees you standing behind a tree looking in a window. Oh my God.


On a slightly related note, yes, yes. When you're a gay guy walking down the street at night and a woman starts to walk faster or have any of the reactions that are the most normal reaction to a man walking behind you in that way. It's so funny 'cause I've talked about this with French, the inclination to sometimes people I know have started to have a pretend, to have a phone call so that they can Have, I see a, Have gay voice, Oh my God. Or just yell, I'm gay at her. I mean, I, I most frequently will start singing. I Show crazy guys To just be like, don't worry.


Yeah, girl. Yeah. I thought you were gonna say, take the time to criticize her hair and then she knows she is not in any day. Do You guys think Okay. I have, I have literally been in this situation where I giggled at something and, and, and a woman's physical behavior on a street was just like, oh, I'm fine. Yeah. She Was like, actually, sir, can you walk me into my car? I gotta freak out. That's, do you think I always think like if I acknowledge someone and smile at them and say hello or whatever, that it's, I am letting them know that I am aware of my surroundings and so I'll, I'll stop and get my phone out and let the person pass me and say hello to them and like not Yes.


Can can I just say this? I just was, did I tell you about that book that I got and it's called like the spies way of, of like, shoot, I need to remember the correct name. Shoot. That's so cute. You so shoot. Oh, shoot. It's called like, he was basically a CIA agent and he, it's a book, it's like a total plane read that I read where it's just a list of ways to stay safe. Oh My God. I need it. Yeah, I'll give it to you. It's really, really good. But I basically skipped to the whole thing was like a, an environment awareness and he is like, I would throw everyone's phone away if I could. Yeah. 'cause people go into this thing where they think because this thing is, has a priority and they're so interested in it that the world they're shutting out is shutting them out.


Right. When actually it makes you a target when you're clearly like being mesmerized by this thing in your hand And you don't have environmental awareness. So like, when you're, you have to, you don't have to do anything, but when you're walking down the street, the best thing to do is be looking around, be making eye contact confidently, making eye contact with people. People walk Fast and Confidently and just being, and also being able to look at a person being like, I see you there. Yeah. Like, I have a phone in my hand that I can do something with, but also I see you there and like, are you gonna come at me? Is is a way better approach because that's, you're basically, it's kind of like alpha dogging.


Yeah. And just being like, this is my area and this is, I'm not a victim. This is like, I mean, I literally carry my pepper spray in those situations. Like walking down the street in the dark, whatever. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's, or like walking, I'm like, like when something just feels off, sometimes I'll just walk with it in my hand. Yeah. I don't know. I know I'm fucking paranoid as shit, but like, but that's what it's like. Rightly so. Yeah. It's what It's for. I can't recommend being a creepily gigantic man. Enough. It's amazing. How Tall are you? You're like 6, 6 3. Oh my God. Although last week I was in, I was in Bloomington, Indiana and I went to, I went to the gay bar in Bloomington, Indiana, and I went to the address, the Gay bar.


I love that picture. Yeah. Really. And I looked in and there were like men playing pool and like couples together. And I was like, oh, this is not a gay bar. What's going on? Because if there are men playing pool, you're in the wrong place. And so I went in and I was like, Hey, I, where's the back door? And they were like, oh, you have to go around through an alley. The back wait to, to a windowless. Like, it, it was just like a gay Speakeasy. It's a gay bar from the time when gay bars couldn't have windows. Oh, I didn't, gay bars. That gay bars were about having a good time while hiding. I like that. He, I like that he knew what you meant. Yes. I Wouldn't but the experience of like walking through that alley and being like, oh, like how many people who have been beaten.


Oh yeah. You know, or it's Almost like it's a shameful thing that you have to walk through this place and no one wants to go. That's awful. And I, I mean it's, it's like the old school way of things, but it is, it's the closest I can come to kind of understanding what it's like for you guys. Anytime it's dark when you're going to your car of like, here here's this alley where somebody could wait to just like hit you with a baseball bat or Something. It's not even at night. It's all day too. Like I'll, I won't walk down certain alleys during the day because it's just Don't walk down alleys. Yeah. No, they're dirty and they're for garbage men. They're not for girls. Gar garbage men. Not sanitation workers is what you're saying. That's right. Yeah. Men of garbage level humanity.


That's right. I wanna clear that up because I, sanitation workers are very respectful. Oh. But they're just, I also meant their truck goes through that alley real fast. That's where the garbage cans are level time. Got it, got it, got it, Got it. But also shitty dudes. There was one final topic I wanted to discuss with you guys please. Alright. Okay. So one of, one of the ways of sort of like saying something is not murder is just sort of saying that the right state of mind wasn't there. And what, well, first of all, just what manslaughter is, is when you didn't intend to do something, but you made a mistake And you did it, you were negligent. Ugh. So like any, essentially anything you do in a car, not murder, it is like in the state of California, I think there's a really strong presumption that anything you do in a car is not murder.


Like You wouldn't want to kill someone with your car. Yeah. Like you wouldn't be trying to kill someone with your car. Like if you shoot someone in a car, I'm not saying Right. Don't be crazy. Right? Yeah. But just sort of like, You know, an accident is an accident, but again, like, I don't know why I'm targeting all of this towards Georgia because of your attempt obsession. The, the difference between I hit somebody with my car and I hit somebody car with my car and then it killed them. Yeah. Is it I accidentally hit someone with my car and then I killed them. Is you're going to jail for eight Years. Dude, I knew a guy who fucking was Wait, sorry, Sorry. I accidentally hit someone with my car and then it killed them.


You're going to jail. You're going to jail. Yeah. That's manslaughter. You've committed manslaughter and You're, even though it was an accident Is why don't fucking drive even if you're buzzed, because can you imagine, Oh yeah. Two drinks And you drive And you accidentally kill someone. I, I didn't realize that's what you were saying. Yes. That's horrifying. And there is, there's an extra level of that where there are things that you are doing that are accidents but are so ishly stupid that they're called depraved heart. And so they're either called depraved heart manslaughter, or in some states that's enough for murder that like, I think I know a dude that that happened. What, What's the example though? I went out into my balcony and I shot my machine gun just into space because I thought it was hilarious.


I just drove my car into a farmer's market. 'cause I thought it would be funny. Oh, like who Doesn't idea? That's Funny. That's not the same thing at All. Well, I know it. Okay, so I know a dude, he was fucking high on meth. There was fucking traffic on the freeway and he decides to fucking gun it in the, the not next to the fast lane, like the pull off lane. Some fucking people had broken down in that lane and he comes around a curve and hits them and they fucking, I cannot, it's been 15 years when I got that. That's completely depraved heart. And it's that thing that's horrifying. It Went to prison for a long time. Very Interesting thing that for a long time I got so drunk or I got so stoned just meant that you had been negligent. Yeah. And not that you had intent, but like if you were, oh, does that make sense?


So does Is it now, does it now mean that Like basically it would now probably be construed as depraved heart. Like you just, you got yourself into a situation where you knew it was possible that you were might drive into somebody like that. Well, that's the thing where like I lived through, I think we all lived through the time where we watched Drunk driving become a bad thing. Yes. Which is hilariously insane now. But like, it was when I was 10 or 12 years old, I remember the, it was, I think it was a made for TV movie where like, and it's a true story of the drunk driver who had been arrested for drunk driving eight times. Oh gosh. And then the, he does it hits the ninth but never went to jail.


It was like, here's your ticket, ticket ticket. He comes over the hill. It's the one, it's the story of the woman who founded Mother Against Drunk Driving. I Remember that TV movie. Her kids walking in the middle of the street over a hill. He's drunk. He plows down two girls, I think. Oh. And yeah. And that's when they were like, no more of this fucking businessman who had a great lunch. Yeah. And sorry everybody bullshit. You would think that they could, that the parents could sue the city for that, for never having punished him for all the h fucking DUIs He and he had, I think now they do stuff like that. But like back then it was like, oh, but we all drink and drive. Yeah. You interestingly can't sue a city for things like that because of a thing called sovereign immunity.


Shut up. Where unless the state, unless the, like when the state is acting like a business, like when they're, when they're running like, oh, we take your garbage away or we're making power that stuff, you can sue them over. But we did the stuff that like only a state can do. Like we criminally prosecute like we failed at prosecuting them or whatever. It's like you treat them the same way you would the king of just like, no, they're fine Fucking police state motherfucker. What, what's interesting? No, I'm kidding. Four or against, I, I mean I think we're fine right now. I mean, And we are cruising for The police state in the near future in 2017. We're fucked. What Let's work against is what we're saying.


What would interesting is the first, like as we get more texting while driving the thing is like texting while driving, probably negligent driving while watching Real Housewives of Beverly Hills on your phone. No braved heart deprived. Who Does that? I feel like watching Real Housewives of Beverly Hills is deprived heart. Anyway, it took me too long to say that too. No, that was good though. Thank, Thank you. Can you think of any other way of getting rid of somebody's state of mind? First Of all, you're the best teacher I've ever had. I know. This is fun. I'm so, I hate being asked questions. That Makes, I'm so sorry that I'm being so lost for about This. But you're the one, you know all the answers. This is The best bra. What can we think of another way of, Of like obviating the, the, you Can say words like that Together.


I sort of removing the state of mind as one of the elements. Drugs. Elements, drugs. Same thing as Drugs is basically the sort of lowering it to negligence the way that we talked before. Oh, mentally capacitated, incapacitated. Mentally incapacitated. Except I said mentally capacitated. What's mentally capacitated about? Not me. Defense is there are, okay. So there are cool defenses, like self defense is a great defense, but there are cool defenses Like duress. Oh, duress. I'm always under duress. Yes. He has my child and he told me the only way he would let my child out is if, you know, I shout this person Did. Oh yeah. Does that work for cats too? Because I would fucking kill a bitch if they hit my cat.


Okay. Based on the things that I have told you. Yeah. What do you think the standard would be? What's the standard again, Based on the things you've told us? Based on the things Karen and I are great. Is it I flunked out of a state school, I threaten went community college and just fucking how do, how do mid class, How do we determine whether is threatening a cat enough for it to be duress on Georgia hard stark? Oh, Because I, because I'm a love And you can tell I have a fucking, if you have an Instagram and there's photo this thing on it, then you can fucking kill someone If she cradles the cat like a baby every night. Okay. So that is proof that Georgia actually felt like that would be terrible.


Yes. But you also have to ask. Oh, so I can do it. No, you, you also have to ask what a reasonable person, Oh, Kill the secretary of the interior to save their cat. I would do it. Just someone go ahead and say, this is gonna be in my trial. But the the other more interesting thing is like mental state. And so I just wanted to talk about a little bit about not guilty by reason of insanity. Oh yeah. How much does that actually come up in these horrible, horrible people that you guys discussed? The things I've been learning and reading about is that a lot of people try it and it's really easy to fucking dis It's really easy to disprove it. And the reality is it's really fucking hard to prove.


And it's an, it's always an extreme case now. You can't just, it's not, it's not as easy as people think it's gonna be. It's the, the guy that in Canada, I believe Winnipeg took the machete to the other guy's head on the bus. The province of war. Oh Jesus. The cannibal episode. No, Winnipeg is a city I was making fun of. You Don't do that. Is Winnipeg in Manitoba? Yes, it is. Is This the cannibal episode? No, not cannibal. It's just the guy that went crazy on the Greyhound bus, remember? And he Yes. Killed The guy sitting next to him and then just went crazy and, but didn't he eat A little bit of him? Yes, you're right. And that we had a cannibal episode. Pretend you had to do things.


That's right. He ended up, it was by reason of insanity. 'cause he was technically, he was, I believe schizophrenic but not taking his medication because he, it was, it was like his family was basically judging him for being schizophrenic. Like you can't be crazy. But based On that though, like if you're schizophrenic And you stop taking your meds, aren't you, you responsible for that? Like you can't just stop taking your meds and kill someone. All right. This is, tell us Everything. Fascinating question, and this Is a 32 part question. It's been super hard. Also, have you guys done the Florida kid who ate the people in the garage yet? Ba salts. I believe it was Ba salts Ate the face Or Was he on steroids?


I don't know how. There's Kylie the face on a highway. Right? He ate it in a garage. It may have been bath salts, but there's footage of him walking out of an Applebee's looking really weird. No, I Mean, who doesn't look that weird? Wonderful. When I walk out an apple's, it took me too long to say that Save It, save it for year 15. Anyway, so basically there have been like a, a couple of big theories about how do we figure out, is this person crazy enough? And the first one, like started when a guy tried to fill the Prime Minister of Britain and the, it's called the McNaughton Rule, which was the rule for like a really long time. And that comes down to could they not tell the difference between right and wrong?


Which is like, that's sort of like the classic question. And it's also so weirdly subjective. Yeah. And like in the sixties we started moving towards this new thing called the DUR test, which was trying to be cool and scientific and more understanding of things. And they, the question was, was this a result of your mental illness? Was the act a result of your mental illness? And then the president got shot. Oh, right. Oh yeah. Remember that? And for Jody Foster. Yes. Yeah. And what's his name said, not reasoned by guilty of insanity. And under the Durham test he was judged not guilty by reason of insanity.


And then every fucking state came back and passed laws that were like, fuck you Durham test. And so like they, some of them went back to the McDonald rule. Some, some of them went in the direction of this thing called the irresistible impulse test. Wow. That sounds like a new Avon perfume, which is Irresistible. It's kind of fruity with a Stink of bullshit, Punch of blood, Irresistible Impulse piece. Kind of that guy. Like the question is just, the classic question is, if there was a police officer standing by your elbow, oh, would you still do it? And like, Ooh, Manitoba bus guy just feels like Yeah, No, no.


He absolutely was convinced he had that that guy was like, had a demon and inside of him and he had to kill him. That meant That's a really great question. Yeah. And I, it's like you're in this other world. Yeah. And it doesn't matter who's at your Elbow, but they're on your side. You know the cops on your side in your fucking mind. Yeah. You're trying to protect that cop Right. Is essentially the mentality. Fuck it's, And And that, that also goes towards that mc idea of like, can you just not tell the difference between right and wrong? But it's like, I have so like, You know, you got molested as a kid and so you think that's okay And you mo you know, molest another your kid. It's like That's right. That's what you're supposed to be doing. You know, in, in a, in a fucking pedophiles mind.


The thing is, is like a, it's su at this point in time, it's super, super hard to get a not guilty by reason of insanity. And then there's also the thing of like, even if you do not guilty by reason of insanity, you're going to a mental hospital for what should be forever. Like what should be until you're cured. Cured though. You guys recently had a horrifying story. Was it recent or I just listened to it recently. We don't Remember any of Somebody, somebody who went, somebody who got a not guilty by reason of insanity and then got out like within a year All of them. Well, I feel like it was, I think it was a little bit longer than a year, but our Greyhound bus guy originally is free now.


Oh right. Is free now in Canada. Oh, that's So charming. Yeah. And also like, I always think of like mental facilities we're like, can I fucking go there for a week? Please. But it's not like a yoga retreat. This is a fucking like shitty. Well also they don't exist anymore. Right? This Is That's true. They don't, A friend of a friend of mine went to a women's jail in Japan. Oh. Oh My God. Oh my God. I always just imagine that is the most amazing spot. I just imagine. Was It all Hello kitty stuff Like Fish and fish and rice three times a day. Oh my god. Light exercise. Like, like Quiet. It's Hope linen clothing. Very quiet. Just, just saydo facial bar. Oh my God. You're just, there's a lot of exfoliating and gorgeous skin.


Oh, The hair is just luscious. Oh. Or dicks. But it's, but it's, but it's so small. It's like a small cube. Oh Yeah. I mean like, my mom was a psychiatric nurse, a head nurse added Oh man. Mental hospital. And when Proposition 13 passed and they closed most of the mental health facilities in California, Reagan, and I think across the nation, I can't remember what if it was State 13 was just California. Yeah, it was California. But I mean that Was, but it is something that has declined. Like I, I think the Reagan administration cut funding for mental health and released a bunch of people. We do. That's Why there's A homeless fucking epidemic is because these are all people who should be in mental health facilities.


They should be taken care of and Medicated and instead. So that kind of thing. Where these days, if it's not guilty by reason of insanity, where do they send people? I mean there, there are just like deeply overbooked state mental hospitals and some that are, I believe specifically structured for people who have committed crimes. Oh, okay. Mm. So it's like a wing at a prison almost. Yeah. Oh, oh, Oh Yeah. I think California has that. I oh, fulsome I think has is where the sort of like mentally ill people who have committed crimes. Let's go there right now. Let's do a Folsom trip. You know what's funny, my mom used Also, I may be totally wrong about that.


And let's just remember I went to law school 16 years ago. I could be wrong. This is my favorite murder. Where being wrong is so right. I was just gonna say really quick. There's a, there's a maximum security. It's a super max pri prison called Pelican Bay that's up in way northern California. And my mom used to go with her friend Mrs. Manweller, I can't remember her first name. Oh. 'cause Mrs. Manweller was the kind of nurse as, I think she was also a psychiatric nurse. And she would go there and give like tests to the residents for some reason, I can't remember what she was doing. Oh my, I Don't wanna talk to her so bad. My mom would just go along and stay at the hotel. Like read a book.


Yes. And then they would like go to a fun dinner room. I'm like, you're intentionally going to Pelican Bay. Where, where like, it's basically all about this super max prison. It's where they put, it's her vacay. It was her vacay. That's right. And she was like, of course I'll go, I'll just go up there with her. They had this Great Italian Place and meanwhile inside the prison are like all, it's all the Hannibal LECs of, of like California. Oh my God. I Which she didn't have to deal with you and your sister for So true, so true. When I was in law school in Minnesota, they like took us to go see the prisons and it, it's the weird thing of like, I'm from California where we have, so like we should have so many of these things.


Minnesota was basically just like, there are two maximum security prisons and one of them was like 18 hundreds clink kind of like that thing. And one of them was like oz like state of the art, state of the art. There's like a bubble where you can run the whole place from there. And they were making like kindergarten mats. That was the thing that they did was they made a little mats for kindergartners. Jesus. Oh, nice. And it was, you know, terrifying. It was legit terrifying to see what life there would be like. Well You, we talked about this when we were both watching the night of, we talk about it all the time, how it's like we want them people that do horrible things to be locked away forever and no sentence seems long enough and all that stuff.


Then you watch the night of and you're like four minutes. Yeah. As a, as a prisoner inside of an any of those places is an absolute horror show nightmare. Like then you start get, it makes me think about it. The the complexity of when you get, you know, when you actually get found guilty for a crime like that And you go away for 11 years because you did this thing. Yeah. And you literally are delivered into the bows bowels of hell. I think that's, and hopefully, hopefully you stay alive like that, that does count for something where we always want it to be 50 years Yeah. Or whatever. But like is is 11 years enough when it's that level of suffering and fear and constant horror.


Yeah. But what did you Do to your victims that they had a similar Experience? Because that's private what I did to my victims. No, I know. No, absolutely. But It's also like that's why it's als I'm also so interested in like cases where it's like, did they get the right guy? Because the thought of walking in there and being like, I have 11 years and I didn't fucking do this. There's Nothing more horrifying than those stories of Yeah. I was in there for seven years and then like they DNA, they got the DNA like, like technology to figure out. I couldn't have remotely done this. Yeah. That's a hundred years more. You know, it's not seven years, it's fucking dog years. It's Right. I hate those stories so much. Yeah. Wrongly accused is like, it's just, ugh, It's so terrible.


How do you terrible convince people? So in that situation you can sue for de deprivation of your civil rights. I I think if you can show sort of like, like misconduct on the part of the or or just sort of like failure to do their jobs properly on the part of Their due diligence. Yes. On the part of their prosecution. And So like, if, if someone else gets caught and convicted, then you can, you can, like if they find someone else's DNA and they let you go, it's one thing. But if they find someone else's DNA and they find that person and convict them that you probably have more leeway. Well what you would do is if they find DNA that relates to your case, then you would, there's a, a thing called a, like a habeas corpus act.


Where Is it? Like menses? Oh my god, I got my menses on my habeas corpus day. Habeas corpus is just, it's, it means like present the body. And the thing is is that's a proof Sexy. A, a direct a like a direct thing where you get to go to an appeals court and say like, look, this means there's no possible way. Yeah. He did it. And like those are the things that like people in jail are constantly trying to like pursue themselves And you get occasional TV movies about the one guy who managed to And that what like get himself out The Innocence Project tries to do too. Right. Right, right. And don't you think that Beyonce should record a song called Present the Body Wear The chorus and then like in parentheses of habeas carbon?


That's Right. Exactly. Or the chorus. Yeah. Habeas Chorus. So you should be, I mean if there is DNA evidence of that sort, you should be doing a better job of getting yourself out there than the state is doing of prosecuting somebody else. Like it's on you. Like it's, it's on, it's it's on you. But also it should be able to happen quicker I would think than the state going and trying to get that other person. Well you from jail, From I'm we're saying there's an innocent person in jail. Yeah. And there is a person out there who actually committed the crime that like the minute they find find the DNA that couldn't possibly be yours, then your lawyer can file a habeas corpus and you know, the, like the police will be, or whoever it is will and the DNA experts will all be like, nope, nope, nope.


And you can get that done. And it seems like finding the person and all of that who actually did it would be a longer process than the habeas corpus. Okay. I don't understand. That's a lot. I don't know that I understand. You sounded real smart just now. I'm sorry. Were you, are you just saying as opposed to the finding the guilty man, it's just proving it's not you, It's just proving it's not you. Right. Okay. Got it. And like it was just that Yeah. George's question was like basically can there be two people in jail for the same murder at the same time and kind of No. Oh, got it.


Unless they were like collaborated on it. Oh, what about the, the guy who eventually got prosecuted by the army? Oh yeah. Did you hear that one? No, That's Summerland That's the crazy when we started talking about double jeopardy. But I mean anytime, I'll just say a thing where I'm like, I'm pretty sure this is the word I should be saying, but I can't have like a debate about, 'cause I don't really know what I'm talking about. Yeah. But it was, you know, you know he got tried And convicted of a triple homicide that got overturned and he got, and he was declared innocent. Then they found years later it's the Summerland road murders. And then years later they found DNA, you know, once DNA technology was around tying him to the murders.


And so because they couldn't try him for double jeopardy because of double jeopardy. 'cause he had already been convicted and then deemed innocent. He had been in the army at the time and so they reinstated him and then he was tried by one of the army people, I don't know what's called CIS Mark Harmon. Yeah. That's because those are different laws And different jurisdiction or Not jurisdiction, but Yeah, no, because of the, they're different laws because they're different jurisdictions. Right. But isn't that it, it, so that doesn't count as double jeopardy if the army steps in and is like, we're gonna try it over here. Yes. Because he violated a different law for committing murder while a member of the army.


Or if he had, if he had crossed state lines with a kidnapped victim, he then the FBI and or the, the or the US could can, could try him. Right. Yeah. So it's an interesting thing that like you can't, I don't think you can be convicted of like, can you be convicted of both federal and state murder? Federal, that's the word. If they are, if it is both a federal and state murder, I would think so because there is a different requirement. But there is this thing where if all of the elements of your crime are all, are also all of the elements of a different crime, you can't be convicted for both of them.


Hmm. So like going back to me, going back to me punching Steven Uhoh, Not going back to that, what if Steven sues you, just for this example, threatened All of, all of the things that I did to punch Steven w were were battery, but they were in the situation where I killed him. It was also murder, which means if you prosecute me for murder and I'm convicted of murder, I cannot be convicted of the battery. Oh. That was, you know, that was part of it. So with that, I as assume the thing is that like the the failure was on the part of like the state law.


Yeah. Like, because there was clearly some sort of technical failure in prosecuting it under the state law. You, he, he cannot be retried under the state. But there all of the facts Right. Still occurred. I just wonder like, you know, as, as science and technology advances does do should double jeopardy, like depend on compelling evidence, you know, when we someday can can can use, you know, DNA in the fucking nineties wasn't what it is today in the early two thousands. And so there's so many cases that they're gonna find something bigger in 2025 when we know more It.


And it is so hard. It is very, very hard when we constantly have new technology that gives us more information. And when you tried somebody under what, like criminal research was in in 1984, you want to have another stab at it in 2016. Right. But I believe in the idea of like, no, you get like statute of limitations. Let's deal with it now. Yeah. And you kind of have to deal with it under the terms of now And you can't go back and, and it's hard with things like cold cases and stuff like That. And it's also up to the prosecution to decide if they actually have a case that they can win. So if you don't then you should fucking wait until you do.


Except for, which is why they don't try a lot of, you can't wait though non body, but like It's One of your rights, right? Yeah. Except for the fact that you've got the the yes. Speedy trial. But but the thing is, is speedy trial only starts once they arrest you. Yeah. And so Once they don't arrest someone until you Yeah. And the the thing that's interesting is like we knew she was dead in 1967, but if we get information that says, oh, so and so did it in 19 or in 2016, then you can go and get that guy. It's not like statute of limitations is told. Right. Because wait, has it, I don't know.


I Get it. He murder. Yeah. Not it's Right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Never for murder. Never For murder. Yeah. But yeah. So like you just kind of have to wait until you have enough stuff. That is a case. Yeah. Fuck man. Yeah. Fuck. Wow. I'm funny. No, this is horrifying. I've forgotten so much about this stuff. Hi. Hi. You are amazing. Yeah. Welcome to our World. I'm sorry. No, for all of your listeners. You are, you are. Great. Wait, what? There's, there's only 500 lawyers out there that listen to this. Yeah. This is terrible. Also all of No, it's the best. No, it's great. Well, no, but also the worst part about this is that I love giggling to myself about Karen calling Winnipeg a province or Manitoba a city.


But now you're going to get all of the lawyers writing millions of listeners. Have You seen our fucking listeners? They send a sweet honesty shit. They're going to make a quilt about how I got the law wrong. No. What's gonna happen is someone's gonna be like a meme of a quilt outta that. And it's adorable and charming and everyone loves. No, I Think this is so satisfying because basically for a year straight we've been throwing out what we think and kind of ha with the intention of like, we'll probably get back around to this and have an answer eventually. Sure. Or whatever. But Yeah. And arguing like, well this, not arguing with each other, but like saying like, this should be this way. And it's like, well here's why it's not that way.


Right. I like That. And the thing is, I do, I like after law school, I was just so terrified every time I got behind the wheel of a car, please let me not kill someone this time. Yes. Yeah. But no, I will be that way too. But, but the paranoia of like, once you're in the criminal justice system, they're so horrifying and they have the right to take your life away from you. That I do like however annoying it may seem, I do really believe in all of those little constitutional things that are like, if you don't do it all right, then this person has to go. Like this person gets off. Like, and watching the Supreme Court kind of like scrape away at some of those things. Like it used to be, if anything remotely like un kosher had happened in like searching for something that evidence was the fruit of the poisonous tree and could never be used.


And they've started to be a little bit more Yeah. Even though you didn't have a warrant for him, it's fine that you got that And that terrifies me. Yeah. Even though it's finding people who actually are guilty mostly of drug crimes and stuff like that. I'm just like, I want all of the protections I can have. Yeah. So that the state can't throw me away forever. That's right. That's the, I think ultimately that's the thing. It's like once it the, when we start talking about, 'cause we are talking about cases, most of the time we're talking about cases where we know the person did it. So then when we opine it's with a passion of God dammit, these people have their lives taken away by this person who we know is bad because it's been proven somebody else did all the work.


Yeah. And we just get to say, yes, get rid of this person. 'cause they, they, they got rid of other people And that sucks. But when we get into those cases where it's a question mark, you still have the same feelings of bad people should pay for, for ruining other people's lives. Yeah. Well It's interesting guy that you think of it from the, your side of like, of the, of being the person who's prosecuted where I think of it as being the victim. Yeah. And like all the little things that I'll need to do. Like I save my, I have all of my like day planners from the past like five years. So if I ever need to say where I am or what I was doing or like testify for somebody else or, you know, like if I use my credit card every time I use my credit card at a fucking parking meter, I think, okay, well this is gonna be a trail of where I was that day in case something happens.


Yeah. It's, it's, well it goes both ways though. 'cause it also could be a trail of something that proves you were at a parking meter instead of it Like Yeah, I don't think about that. I'm a white fucking female. I like, I'm not, I don't need to worry as much. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, it is that situation of like, I am just not scared of incidental crime in the same way I, like, somebody might rob me. You know, or like there there is random sort of, I'm also just not, I'm not the most bashful gay guy. So, You know, I feel like you're almost un bash Papa puck Karen. Let's not say that. Yeah, that's true. But it, it is like the, I think there's maybe like more randomness to the kind of crime and like why somebody might murder me than for for women.


Yeah. You know, like, Like we're always vulnerable. Yeah. No matter what. But but also the thing of, the weird thing about reading those cases and listening to your stuff is realizing that somebody can just like bounce into your world and for no reason cause such horror and pain for just for something that doesn't even make sense to me. You know? And It's a shock wave of your family and friends and fucking peripheral people in your, it's just, it pisses me off so much that these fucking assholes can take away so much by just having an, a fucking random feeling to kill someone.


Or Drug addiction or drug addiction so often is just the dumbest Yeah. Like they were on meth and they didn't know what they were doing or they were on meth and it made them this crazy violent or whatever where it's just like, but there's all these people that don't do meth and live, you know, live legal lives. Well I mean the, the things where I do get into the mindset of the victim are more sort of like the evidentiary things of like, if this person's not around, we don't get to rely on the fact that they can't, you know, that you're allowed to admit hearsay evidence for a dead person because they can't testify on, on their behalf of something. And you think that's not fair. No, I think it's wonderful.


The best thing, like there are parts of the law that like feel like magic that really are just like such old ancient magic. And my favorite one is the die your dying utterance is always admissible. No. Yes. You what? So you're dying utterance. What is like is because the thing is is like it's, That's the name. That's the name of this episode. It's you're dying utterance. It's hearsay. So hearsay is something someone you can't testify about stuff that somebody told you, you can only testify about stuff that you like experienced yourself. Fuck Though. But when it is your dying utterance because there's no you around anymore, like that is always admissible and At least just to be considered.


Yes. What about it doesn't mean like it does, it's just like throw that in there with everything else. Yes. Why is that? Okay? Why is, okay, so my sister says to me, I'm really scared that my husband's gonna kill me. That, and I say that and she gets killed. And I say that that's hearsay. Yes. It's hearsay, but hearsay is admissible some of the time. Okay. But But if you were, as she was dying, leaned over and she said it in your ear. Yes. He's the one that did it. That Seems like, okay, that's fair. But that seems like the opposite of how it should be. Like he, she's been telling me this shit for years. Okay. Well the thing is, is like after your brother-in-law testifies about stuff about how things were fine, Andy, I love you.


I know you're not gonna Mark Yeah, I know we have to say that. I just realized that was like that you're the example. Sounds like Not, I don't mean that like You're allowed. I I mean there is something about how hearsay from dead people, there's a, a separate rule about hearsay from dead people being more admissible, but also you can admit hearsay to impeach his testimony. So if he says things were fine, right? Beth and I had the best of relationships, then we can bring Georgia to the stand and Georgia says, okay, she told me 19 times and I wrote them down on the little pad in my kitchen. Yeah. And you, the little pad from your kitchen is also admissible. Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. I like That.


And also emails these days. Yeah. Which last forever. So wonderful. I'm keeping a fucking pad in my kitchen from now on and I'm writing down every time anything happens. Good Idea, right? Yeah. And then you can write a book. It, it's just dates, just intense detail of every single thing that happens to you. Oh Yeah. My mom has a situation that Karen kind of knows about that just like where she, there might come this situation where she needs to testify about something and she's always just like, well, I put it on my pad. She's just Got this. I I wrote it down guy, That's All you need. She really does that. Yes. Oh my God, that's hilarious.


That That's why I keep my, my my, my daily calendars is like, I'll remember something if I see that I went to this fucking doctor or whatever that right year or that day. I mean, having documents for stuff is just so exciting from a legal perspective. You do discovery, that means the other side gets a copy of your calendar. So, so, so many cops. Oh, I went to court reporting school for a year. I fucking pretends, you know, this Shit. I would actually say too that in almost like the inverted version of this that I think of is like in my family there was a ton of death when I was young and it was all, a lot of it like surprising in one after the other. And that's when I just decided I'm gonna do what I fucking want.


Fuck. Yeah. 'cause when we talk about the random stuff or when we talk about being a woman and walking with fear at night or whatever it is, it's this thing where any this that's, that is the deal of life. That is what born being born into this life. That's the situation. It's the same, you know, it's different for different people for different reasons, but in general we are all constantly at risk. We all have the specter of death hanging over us all the time. It's why some people love true crime. It's why some people love to paint. It's why some people can't stop jogging, whatever the fuck it is. But ultimately I feel like I had this kind of weird realization as a young child who was like, this fucking sucks and it could end at any second.


Well The thing of like, it could be somebody with a machete on a bus or the amount of potassium in your system. Yeah, exactly. So like, so then why not be like, oh sorry, I meant to tell you I'm totally in love with you. Or why not go do standup comedy that you're scared to death of doing, but why not do it because it's the thing in your heart that you wanna do. I love that. Like you might as well, this is your one fucking shot And you can sit there lining up all the things that are the reasons why you should be scared. Or you can go, well I should be really scared because this whole situation is really scary. So why be scared about the one thing I really want to do. Yeah. Why not just fucking do it then. 26.


Yeah. Tank. That's 2017. That's 2017 baby 2017. And how Karen is due and it And everybody else. If you would like to join me, how long have we been talking? Eight hours So long. Should we each do one murder from our cards, our true crime cards? Yes. Draw, draw a murder. Like okay. Here like it's tarot cards. All right. I Have a, I have a stack of these murder, these true crime playing cards that Steven Steven Ray Morris gave us last week. We're each gonna draw one. Okay. And we're gonna read about it and it's just fucking, it's just like playing cards and it's murderer. Oh shit. You guys. Alright, I'm gonna do one. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god.


Oh my god. And we're back. Well it's kind of more of the same. Yeah. It's just like all the things that we don't know or asking him about. And what I love is Guy is very humble in this where he's just just like, yes, I'm technically a lawyer. I passed the bar. Right. You know what I mean? But it's like, but I haven't talked about any of these things in 13 years. So you're kind of like pop quizzing me on a thing that Yes. As a very, very smart person. I feel like I should know forever. But we're like, now let's talk KBS corpus. Yeah. How come really mad at him for the law Somehow he knew all the answers though. It was so impressive. It was really impressive. I was very much like, oh, this is why some people can graduate law school.


And I would never, I don't have a memory like that. No. It's like a, it's a way your brain is set up. Totally. I would imagine that he would tell us there's other things going on, but he definitely doesn't have like a DHD No. Or any of those kind of like, I'm a mosquito and I ha I think he's like a hyper focuser. Yeah. I would imagine. Which is a, which can be a DH ADHD too. Is that true? Yeah. I mean everybody's Got it. Everyone fucking has it. It can go that way for sure. Which like that's not mine, but okay. But okay. I think if there's anybody that should come back to the show, it's Guy Brandham Abso fucking literally we should have him back. He should. He should be like a guest host when one of us is like sick or just can't do it. Like my God. It's like bring him in. Definitely.


Yeah. That's great. Great. We've decided. Boom. Okay, let's get into part three and let's hear what else he has to say. This smart person guy. Brenham,


We get it. There are too many car insurance companies trying to convince you that they have the best car insurance rates. We don't think we need to convince you we're root And we do car insurance differently. We don't think it makes sense to only base your car insurance rate on things that have nothing to do with your driving, like your occupation or education when you take the test drive Using the Route app, we price your car insurance rate primarily on how you drive. It's that easy. Just download the Route app, drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and get a quote based primarily on how you actually drive. Good drivers could save up to $900 a year when they switch to route. We're taking an old industry and making it fair route insurance because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the app today and see how much you could save terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See root.com for the towels.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid. Unplugging maybe spending some time as a trod wife, but let's be honest, we all need reliable wireless And that's where Visible comes in. Visible Is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the go Visible Runs on Verizon's 5G network. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're Talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible plus Pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus It's all digital. You manage your plan in the app And you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply, See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay, who wants to go first? Karen, you sound excited? Should she go? Last guy seems disheartened guy. Do you wanna re recho? Hold, wait, hold on. I think this, this might be what? No, hold on what I said last. No, it's the McNaughton rules. Oh Shaq, I fucking just pulled the card. You know, You know That's crazy. Okay, let me read this. Ton rules. We'll just, we'll double check your work. In 1843, Daniel McNaughton, a Glasgow woodworker shot the secretary to the British Prime Minister. Holy shit. What the fuck? That's, Ooh guys. I have tingly tingles right now. Five packages of these and this is the one we open and that's the one you fucking sh what?


Like and I wasn't looking. They were No, they were upside down. This is Not big. What is happening in life? I don care. He had intended to kill the Prime Minister but was unclear as to his appearance at his trial. McNaughton suffering from delusions of persecution proclaimed the Tory's route to get him. The jury found him to be insane and not responsible for the magnitude of his crime. He was to be sent to an institution concerned. Parliament members convened a panel of judges to explain this. Their answer forms the MCN rules, which colon, which are this jurors are to be informed that the accused is presumed to be in, to be sane as he or she's presumed to be innocent.


To establish a defense on the basis of insanity, the accused must be disturbed enough to not know the nature and quality of what he or she did. Or if knowing it to know it was wrong. Further, if, if the accused labors under partial delusion, only he or she must be considered in the same situation as to responsibility, as if the facts with respect to the delusion were real. These British rules commonly called the insanity defense, have been adopted in America and Canada and have been tested hundreds of times since their inception in the cases of serial killers such as Ted Bundy, Edward Geen, I like when they call him Edward Kenneth Bianchi and Jeffrey Dahmer, the atrocities committed, have led defense lawyers to attempt to prove insanity.


While this strategy was successful, in the case of the obviously dysfunctional gain, most such defenses prove futile because the sociopathic personality, while deviant in his desires, is often not out of touch with reality. And jurors usually decide that a killer functional enough to hide his or her crimes can be presumed to be aware of wrongdoing. And I would just like to say that these are true crime series. This is from True Crime series Four Serial Killers and Mass Murders by Valerie Jones and Peggy Collier and the artist by Paul Lee Eclipse Enterprises. Just in case anybody wants to fuck. Oh, it's in Forestville, which is right by Petaluma.


Who, who is Ed Geen again? Ugh. Ed Geen is the one that basically killed several people. Women in his town killed his mother Psycho was based on him. Oh, okay. As well as Silence of the Lambs. He's the one that made furniture. He wore his nipple, his mother's face at night. Was there A nipple belt? Yes. And that nipple necklace. A Nipple belt. You're right. Fuck. And he danced with his like different parts of his mother under the moonlight. He was out of his goddamn mind. Do you guys hate the movie copycat? Do you mean You mean with Sandra Bullock? No, what was the one with Harry Connick Jr. And Sigourney Weaver.


Oh, I like that movie. Oh really? Yes. I always just thought that his, his serial killer ness was so dorky compared to actual serial killer ness. He hadn't refined his acting style as he had eventually done in hope floats. But I am enjoy everything that's happening. Also. 'cause it's in San Francisco, right? That's Yes it is. And it's amazing. And Sigourney Weaver, It's Sigourney Weaver wears a lot of suits. And Holly Sigourney Weaver and Holly Hunter. But I just, anytime Karen like is just on board for an actor, her love of Sandy Bullock, I am just like, When Sandy cries, I cry.


How? How can Karen Love this blog? It's in me. I want to do it. Yeah. She, I think he wants someone to dig that out. Yeah. And I think Sandra Bullock does it for you. Every She does it, but on. But I have to say like, not the proposal Sandy, where she's kind of, the Proposal is so good. It's good. But that's, that's my Sandy is more eight weeks notice. That's okay. I will watch eight weeks notice. Yeah. Anytime. Wherever it is, beginning, middle, or end. Okay. I feel the same way. I'm the same way with Steel Magnolias. Oh. And sleeping with the enemy. I will fucking, it turns that on matter. What? That movie is so good. Steel magnolias just goes down so smooth.


Oh. Like it just, it's so, it's so smooth. It Should It's be and tonic on a hot day. It's Wonderful. Yeah. Alright. Do you wanna go? I you do you wanna go last? 'cause you're the guest. Okay. When is terrible, I feel like be an anti-climax. Okay, here we go. Okay. Richard Tingler Jr. Yes. Yes. And it's like a really creepy drawing of like an alien trying to look like a man. He Looks like he has plugged his eyebrows without using a mirror. Totally. He does. Richard Tingler Jr. Was an illegitimate child. Born in 1940. Not his fault. I just wanna go ahead and point that out. That's right, that's right. His mother often taunted him for his quote, sinful birth and beat him. What a fucking What?


I mean she started it. I'm Sorry. She totally started it. He escaped home by enlisting in the Air Force in 19 nine while stationed in Alaska. He went AWOL with a friend and was arrested for burglary in February, 1961. He was released in Chile coast, Ohio. Six months later, he was arrested on 13 counts of breaking and entering, sentenced to one to 15 years in state prison and was paroled. In August 64, he broke parole with more burglaries and returned to prison. On September 16th of that year, four bodies, three male were found shot to death in a Cleveland Park. One month later, he robbed a dairy bar in Columbus. What's a dairy Bar? You just like, people go there to drink milk, just take Shots of milk, just Drink milk and It's like, Cool.


He strangled the manager into unconsciousness and shot two teenage workers identified by the manager. He was indicted on six counts of murder and became one of the FBI's most wanted. In November 68, used the alias, Don Williams Tingler secured work at an Oklahoma farm March 30th, 69. His photograph with broadcast in an episode of the FBI. Oh my God. Can we get fucking With some? There Was a show called the FBI in 19 9 9 9, which we fucking Need. We need it. What? How has no one put It on the list? Video historians. Come on, let us have it. Put it on Amazon with Television. Canion Radio. That's what I was just gonna say. We can go to the Museum of Television and Radio and watch it. Okay.


And we, okay. Is This like, I don't know what that is. Is it like, it's In Beverly Hills microfiche. Exactly. But with video He vanishes. In April he's shot and he shut shoots and Robs a middle-aged man, then goes home to the farm. Erratic behavior attracted the attention. FBI agents arrested Tingler in May, extradited to face charges in Ohio, was convicted of murder and sentenced to die is sentenced. Was committed of life imprisonment when the death penalty was overturned. Tla Kind of boring. I just wanted more insight. Like I just, oh, like these parents were unmarried is the only thing we got for why he did all of this. And also just you shoot for people. Like what was that situation?


Yeah. I feel like they make him seem diabolical and really, he's just a fucking like drifter who just like doesn't give, who has no emotional attachment to people. It's not that like, But do we know that? Like, what was that four person murder? Yeah. It's just, it's, it doesn't sound like he's got, he ha He he's got any Soul. He's missing a chip. Yeah. Were There more drifters in the sixties do you Think? Yes. I feel like road car riders. Is that a thing? Shh. You mean trade hippies? I like half the hippies were Like hippies. I mean hippie. I feel like half the hippies were just, people were like fucking great. I gotta do this in fuck. Hot hippie girls. Yeah. Awesome. Hot runaways. That's very true. I think so. Mean called Charles Manson. Poor Seventies runaways.


Like, oh it is You stupid idiot. This show is such a beautiful tribute, runaways because I forget that they exist and then it feels like every other episode there's a 14-year-old girl who says to strike out on her own. That's cool. She either decides to strike on her own or the cops go, I don No, she ran away. But she'll come back it'ss that old story. They make hippies. They make hippies seem like such free spirits. And, and it's really just like kids from like small towns who are like, I wanna go do a thing. And they're like, oh shit. Yes. And then have to do terrible things to get money and survive. And they're like, I made a fucking huge mistake. And those, those like videos of them like dancing and having fun, it's like, no, you're having a terrible trip around a bunch of sober people. I feel like the core difference between hippies and hipsters was a graphic design degree from a decent school that allows you to like have that studio apartment in San Francisco Fair or you know, Oakland or extended Brooklyn.


Yeah, yeah. Where you can be fine. Yeah. The difference is whether or not you choose to be in the park. Right. Are you sleeping in the park or did you just walk down to the park to get high? Right. Karen, let me tell you the most beautiful San Francisco story I have Meet too guy. I was in the, yes, Steven, close your eyes. Steven Include Georgia. Okay. So I was at, I went to the bathroom at the McDonald's, the like a butts Golden Gate Park. Oh, I've been there. That's where the amoeba is. Yes, exactly. Exactly. That's gross. Do you have Bay Area origin? Yes. I Lived there for a while. Oh, Okay. So I walked into the bathroom and there was the most adorable twink.


Aw. Covered in in track what's covered in IV drug use tracks. He was shaving like the, the barely their beer that he had. 'cause he was an adorable twink. What year? With 90. Oh You said Enough? Yeah. Really? Eight or like 2002. Oh Honey. And with a disposable razor. And then as he finished, he offered it to me. He was like, do you wanna shave? And I was like, Oh honey, baby. No, I'm good. It was like, like that's San Francisco. Like that is San Francisco. That's so, especially in the late nineties.


Yes. It very, You can't share razors. No. You've told you Not a thing. Okay. I don wanna keep talking about fucking San Francisco in the nineties, but that's another episode. Should I read Lou Gong? That's for the end of nine of 2017. Yeah, That's right. Were we doing all San Francisco episode Of Just terrible stories of Yes. What a bummer. It was me stealing toilet paper from bars just dead dark time. Me going to Berkeley and being scared to go into the city. Oh the fuck. The core question of my first years of standup were, do I have 3 75 to get to the Bridge? Oh my gosh. Yeah. Alright. Lou Gong was born in 1963 in Beijing, China.


One of three children. His father was a clerk and his mother was a doctor. Good for them. Feminism. That's Right. Tim Child. That's not common. His math skills blossomed in junior high and he won academic awards and eventual admission to Beijing University. Upon graduation in 1985, he entered the University of Iowa to study physics. Oh this is a terrible, like we're, we're taking like a Chinese guy to America's heartland to where all of our serial killers are. Oh, nothing happened. Right? Everything was fine. He's the guy on the card though. We'll See. Upon graduation in 1985, university of Iowa, 19 80, 70, he took two roommates at his tiny apartment, but both found him slovenly and superior.


He was a loner, bad tempered and not well liked. He became a graduate assistant and qualified for a PhD program. Can I guess Jesus we're this guy's gonna be a shooter. We, that is my guess. Kill his Teacher. Oh, for giving him a bad grade. Oh. In the summer of 1987, an IU professor took Luong to an international conference in Europe. Upon his return, he became disenchanted with physics. That happens to all of us. Me Too. Yeah. And his scores began to fail. He also began to pay prostitutes for companionship. Nothing wrong with that. Just handholding. In 1991, a large cash award he had hoped for was granted. Instead to arrival, he was incensed and began to file complaints.


He also Bought a gun. Bought a gun, bought a gun. He received his, here we go. Here we go. Bought a gun. He received his doctorate but still complained of a conspiracy against him. No. Nope. None. No, there's None. Just go get tinier. Somewhere. In September, 1991, Lou Gong closed out his savings account, packed up his belongings and sent them home. On November 1st he walked into a graduate seminar. He shot his professor. Oh my. Oh my God. Know that. It's like everybody wins on this one. And the professor's protege I win. He calmly reloaded, walked into the department chairman's office and killed him. A student called 9 1 1 Luong killed the university Associate vice president and the woman who had been handled how We never, how have we never heard about this Poor administrative official?


Oh My God. Wounded her secretary. Oh, I've been a secretary. That sucks. Then he went to an empty, She doesn't even get like No. Any of the glory of like, I'm a professor of this. No. And she eats all the same shit. She wanted to Go home and watch fucking Nash bridges and shit and have a fucking white wine. All She did was file. He, then he went to an empty room and killed himself. The six victim murder spray su and suicide took 20 minutes. Wait, what year was it like in the eighties? Was he one of the first 91? See, like one of the first college shooters, I wonder. Oh no, I mean, aside from, it's Not college though. I wonder, did they, it's not outta college. Do they call it a college shooting?


Yeah. No, it was outta college. Oh, it was at the University of Iowa. Yeah. Oh my god. That was Crazy. That was crazy. Oh God. Everything's the worst. It re it always ends this way. Can we have a good thing? 'cause I'm really like, This week has been shitty because I'm looking at Facebook too much and like reading all these horrible fucking headlines and like fucking Aleppo and all this crazy, awful shit's happening. Yeah. Let's talk about a good thing This week. I don't have one. Do you guys have one? I have a fake good thing that is just me taking, attempting to leverage your ridiculous success and make it beneficial for me. Thank you. But Georgia Hard Stark is probably going to be guesting on my podcast Pop Rocket in January. Yay. Nice.


I'm sorry. And also, let me be clear, when I said to Karen, Hey, maybe I could come on and explain some legal things, it was not just me trying to get on your astound successful. Oh, it's the point of the city. It was Meye one. Like look, when we all listen to podcasts, we all want to yell back at the podcast. Which is essentially the only reason I listen to podcasts. Fun. We're just my friends. Fun. Fun. You're making me look important And I'm gonna fucking Instagram it also. It's great. We both win. You'll, you'll get to talk about non, you'll get to talk about murder things, but you'll also get to talk about some fun non murder things. So I Don't know anything about non murder. Also, we have a little information now. So going forward whenever these things come up, at least can be like, I think this was that thing guy was talking about.


However, And we can like know what we're That's exactly right. And we'll start wearing office outfits. I would say my good thing for the week is that I am lucky enough, and I mentioned this on our last episode, to be working on Guy Brand's new show for true TV called Talk Show. The Game Show. And we sit in a room, it's actually very much like the My favorite Murder family because we sit in a room with Jamie Lee from our Bellhouse episode. Oh my God, I love that. She's the Greatest Delicious from Louis Katz, who is so hilarious. And Chase Bernstein, who is a hilarious standup comic who is our writer's assistant.


And we sit in that room And we spend, you know, 45 minutes working on the script. We're supposed to get done relatively soon. And then we spend the rest of the day laughing our asses off and very actively talking about, like, it'll start, the discussion starts about what we need to figure out for the thing. And it'll always end up in like some kind of inner standup theorizing that is so hilarious. And I just feel grateful that I have a job that instead of draining me of my life blood, it actually, the time goes by so fast and it is so enjoyable.


Awesome. It's the opposite of stressful for fucking once. It, it is the most fun. And I, I find so fascinating that Headspace where you're trying to find something to be depressed or scared or sad about. Like a friend of mine was recently just like obsessing about the possibility that he might die. And I'm like, you Will die. You're, Yeah. But the thing is is he's happy. He's happy and he is trying to figure out a reason that he doesn't deserve to be happy. Well, it's scary to Be happy. So he's like imagining that we'll be taken away from him. And I think there is something so fascinating about that dynamic. Yeah. With that like, that mindset of like, that's where you're going right now And you don't really, don't have to. I beat myself up about that a lot. Oh, it's hard. It's hard.


Well, and The funny also, the good thing that we have is that we're all full of sparkling wine, which is the most fun. Not me. I'm the opposite of full of sparkling wine. But also the thing is, guy keeps talking about where like he'll talk about in preparation for when it all goes bad. Like you keep bringing that up to me and it's so hilarious to me where it's like we almost don't even have time for this all to go bad. It's gonna be done so quickly. Yeah. But I think a basic degree of paranoia is something any, like, the lovely thing about LA is you've seen so many untalented people get amazing opportunities Over and it's just over. And so It's so weird.


I don't know if I've ever told you this, but I just think the most hilarious thing is that the most negative person on the planet, Karen Kilgar, who will scoff at anyone's sort of little project that her second podcast is a rousing success. It Goes against her personality is what you Say. Yes. It completely goes against her personality. Like Karen Kilgar is a person who's like deepest soul is going a second podcast. Oh, I love that. I tried not to start it, but, But I was so Persistent. We really just had, we had to make it happen. This was delightful. Yeah. Thank you so much. Thanks so much for letting me cross over into the world of my favorite murder.


Because at 50 episodes, or how many episodes is it almost? This will be 49, I think. Fuck Yeah. It's, it's been beautiful being taken through those hundred stories and it's very fun to get to cross over and, and get to play with you guys. Thank, We always say how nice it is when people like, like the podcast. Yeah. That's exciting. That's really cool. Exciting. And if you guys haven't already, please listen to the podcast Pop Rocket. It is so awesome. They, they talk about pop culture stuff, but it's a, it's a, it's a discussion Panel as as Ill informed as this. No, it's not. It feels like it's very, it felt very produced to me when I was on it where I was almost a little bit like, I don't know if I have the right answer.


And you're just like, I'm asking you your opinion. It's like everybody felt very, they had big opinions about things. I was like, I don't know if I have opinions here. And you just Gotta get loud and get sparkly wine. That's Right. I can't. I Know. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks to Stephen Ray Morris of the per cast for being our amazing audio engineer. Yes, thank you. He's who I'm thankful for This week because when I go outta town, which is a fucking anxiety ridden thing for me because I hate leaving the cats. The fact that he now takes care of them, like fills my heart with joy because they love him And that it makes it less anxious for me to go away. That's Awesome. You got one? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Very Good. You got, I don't know, go to my favorite murder and do stuff.


Yeah, go on. Oh my God. There's games and puzzles And you can join the Raffles. It's gonna be so awesome. Happy. Thanks you guys for listening. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Thank you for being here with us all through 2016. Yeah, we've had a great time. 2017, we're gonna fucking pepper spray. It's gonna be great. You know, it's a good thing. Yeah. I mean, in a good way. It's not a positive. Like we're gonna fucking kick it. We're gonna kick it. You know what I mean? Like we're gonna fucking pepper spray it. Okay. Let's 17. We're Gonna, we're gonna make it our bitch. We're gonna take keys between the knuckles. Right. 2 20 17. Two 20 seventeens Bowls. Thank you guys.


Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Bye. Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Want a cookie? There we go. You guys actually do that. I always assume there was just like one track of it that was used every time. Why do you think he sits out here? Because he fucking knows what's gonna happen. He comes over here and he, he knows. Oh, that's fun. And we also gotten some playing cards, some true crime cards that Steven got us. I still have those. I mean we were really working, we were really producing this show in a whole new way where we're like, I guess we'll bullshit. Ask you questions and then we better end with something else. Yeah. We had those cards. It's Like a variety show all of sudden.


Yeah, We did it. We were, we can produce whatever. Yeah. Thanks Steven. That's Thanks Steven for giving us those cards. Yeah. So this episode, as we told you was originally titled The Great Guy Law Time, New Years Spectacular. I like That though, A lot. Yeah, I think it's good. But we could also call it Don't Half As It, which I don't, I don't think we did. I think we whole as it on this episode. I mean we asked all around he, you know. Yeah. God delivered it. Yeah. At one point I reassure Guy, this is my favorite murder. Where being wrong is so right. So we could name it Being wrong is so right Because it's fucking true. Yeah. Then Dying Utterance, which I say that, I say it should be the name of the episode.


'cause I'm like, I love that phrase. Yeah. I do love that it's admissible in court. Yeah. Like that, that idea It has, it Should be very compelling. I mean, how many more legal concepts are there out there that we don't know about? Yeah. That were made up in like the 1950s and make no fucking sense. But like some random person used it to get Off. And then a lawyers since that time are like, may I quote? Yeah. Dying Utterance V The People. Hey, you know, you know what? We're gonna find out next time Guy is a guest on this fucking show. That's Right. We can get all those legals. Do you have legal questions? Yeah. Are you up against it? Write in and let us know. Let us know you're Legal. Questions. In the comments. Guys. Name names like no fucking way. Name names. Fucking give us phone numbers.


We'll call and ask. It'll be so much fun. It's gonna be so good. All right. Well that was the rewind for this episode. It's like rewinding a weird episode is a weird experience. It Is. I don't have, yeah, we don't have much to say 'cause we fucking said it all in the episode. But think Because we, we invited someone else that would say it all, so we Wouldn wouldn't have to. Exactly. And we didn't. And it Worked. It was great. All right. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.