
This is exactly right.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh, yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's, available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I-U-S a.com, or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley Season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello And welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. It's Wednesday and that means that we are recapping one of our old shows with all new commentary and updates and insights. Today we're recapping episodes 39, which we named Kind of Loco. Join us as we journey back to October 19th, 2016, the date of the final presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. This crying emoji, crying emoji. Let's listen to the intro of episode 39, Everybody to make some magic. Do you know magic? Yeah, I know. Up close magic. Ooh, I can't do distance magic though.


Hmm. Sorry. I Liv, Welcome to my favorite murder. I'm Karen Kilgar. I'm Georgia Hard Stark, and together we're Hard. Karen Kilgariff and Georgia Hardstark. Yes. Playing along. Yes. Yes. How's it going? Hey, it's Good. How are you? We're we're at a different speed This week. Somebody wrote us on Twitter and said that LA on the last episode, we seemed hysterical, which I agree. I think we were slightly hysterical. We were just like, we were just like, ramped up one notch. Yeah. Not, it was like powering through it. Like, I need to get through this.


But it was fun, but we had a great time. That's all that matters. Yeah. We enjoyed ourselves. I mean, who wants a droll boring pod like murder comedy podcast? I mean, yeah. I don't think, I don't think most people, If you've come here for a narrative True crime podcast, then then just add Adderall and that's what you fucking have. It's like, it's like that. It's similar. Yeah. We're actually on physician's grade cocaine now. That's the, that's the secret to this podcast. God, I wonder what that's like. It's pretty great. If you had a chance, nevermind. If I could do a drug again. No, but like, but like, if someone was like, this is this physician's grade, like government, whatever the fuck drug, would you do It?


Which drug? Like Coke, let's say. Sure. Well, I can't, you mean like, if, if I didn't have any of my, the, I have all kinds of, I know neurological disorders because I did all that. Don't do drugs. Kids. It's not worth It. It's totally Only because of that. You wouldn't have had the, It's a theory they can't. Right. You know, having epilepsy or seizure disorder, they don't know why. Exactly. Unless they look at your brain like Dropped on your head. Close up. Dropped up. I was dropped in my head. Fuck up. I didn't tell you that. I think you probably did. I did. My mom tripped over my high chair when I was six months old. Oh my God. I don't think I knew this. Yeah. And she broke her arm. We both fell and I hit my head and had to get stitches. I still have a tiny, tiny scar.


Oh my God. But I'm totally the serial killer as we have discussed in this podcast. I know, because I had that. I'm gonna have to kill you before you kill me. Okay. That makes sense. Right. I think that'd be A great way to go. Just do it. Creep up behind me. Okay. As a favor. Oh yeah. No, you got it. But no stabbing. Slicing. Please. Julianne me today. I know you love cooking. I love cooking. I'm gonna Julianne you in a light sa I'm gonna put you in a Cuisinart. I'm gonna serve you. Yeah, yeah. Don't do drugs. You guys don't do drugs. We, we did them for you. We can come back and tell you. Yep. It's not what it's cut out to be. It's like how my dad used to say he would never get cable.


We lived way out in the country, so we only got four channels and he wouldn't get cable. He'd go, Hey, we have that in the firehouse. It's no good. You'd be like, let us try. We'll decide if we like it or not. Decided for you. Yep. It's protected you guys from so much and yet, And yet you didn't. We are. Oh, sorry. I hit the fucking Oh, wait, go Ahead. What was I gonna, yeah. Don't do drugs. I know. We're gonna get some emails. Some mommy. I'm like, listen, with my 12-year-old girl and now you're, you're telling her to do drugs. Oh, guess what, mom, don't listen. With your 12-year-old, I won't even have it. I listen with my 12-year-old. This is a comedy murder podcast. It is highly inappropriate that anybody would be listening to this at That point.


That's telling you, mommy. Yes. Like, don't come at us, mommy. And then like that night she goes to bed and then looks in the doorway and there's a glint of silver. Yeah. Who's that? One of You up? Yeah. She's Fucking like, mommy, Hi. On angel dust. Good. Like government quality angel dust. Because You, we would, you wouldn't let us warn your children off of angel dust. Yeah. You stopped. You pressed stop. At the point where we were talking about doing drugs and didn't listen to the rest of the podcast where we said, well, we said drugs Under any circumstances, ever Do drugs. No. I mean, we looked, we did them. And look at us, now we're fucking dart. Oh God. I look like I'm about 62. Yeah. In the space. Unsu unsuccessful, But, but knows. I just had a couple thank yous for from the Twitter page.


Oh, I Love it. Because people send us amazing, great stuff. The Best I can I do some off Instagram then? Sure. Your Twitter and I'm Instagram. You're saying It like that. Nope. Only me, only Twitter. You absolutely can. I love it. We just had, Courtney sent us pictures of her. She didn't name the person in the picture with her, but it was a picture of the two of them. They'd carved pump. Oh, I Have it. You do. And I have the name of the other girl because they both posted it and I was like, I'm gonna give 'em both a shout out because what? Bummer from one Of 'em. Okay. This is an Instagram area and I've overstepped. No, but they tweeted it. Then you retweeted. Yes. That's fine. But there was no names. Okay. Well, but anyway, I just have no talking. They Carved, stay sexy, don't get murdered.


And you're in a cult. Call your dad into pumpkins, which must have taken hours. Yeah. Yeah. I can't cover a fucking pumpkin like that. Every time I try to cover a pumpkin, it's disappointing. And you cut your hand and you get that goop in it. Oh. And halfway through you're like, what the, I don't give a shit. And then you just, I'm not gonna Eat these pumpkin seeds A triangle for an eye. Fine. He, you know what, he, he is a cyclops. You know what? One triangle eye and one tooth. Boom. Done. Can I have another glass of wine please? And I don't wanna eat these fucking disgusting pumpkin, you know? Ooh, well let's cook 'em up. No, I'm not in second grade. I'm not, not falling for pumpkin seeds ever again. Huge an hour. But are you gonna, Do you know the names? I don't. Okay. But they're sweet baby angels. It Was Courtney at Coffin Bugs is her Twitter handle.


Okay. Well then the other girl is wandering Lamb on Instagram. Sweet. It could be the same girl. Right? It Might very well, but either way, they're friends and I'm, and I think they're both tagged in the Instagram. Okay, Good. If her name is on Twitter coffin bugs. And then on Instagram wandering lamb, that girl contains multitudes. Absently, God bless her soul. But then David, whose Twitter handle is Hello dab wood. Which is kinda like dag wood with, but with a B as in boy made an animated, Oh my God. Gif of us driving me a car. I'm driving. You've got Elvis on your lap. It's, there's a lightning storm in this car. I can't. And then when the lightning hits, there's a murderer in the backseat.


But It is so charming and well done and like adorable. Beautiful. You showed it to me when you got here. 'cause I didn't know, because I don't, 'cause Twitter overwhelms me and like it, I, it's the best thing I've ever fucking seen. Isn't It the Best? Yeah. I think Instagram for me, I think that if you wanna see the cool shit that people make for the, for our show, which is a fucking ton of stuff. That instagram.com/my favorite murder or just my favorite murder Instagram. I just, I'm constantly posting stuff on that because of other people's stuff. Yeah. They make so much once in a while, Make so chill. But it's very cool. It's just, it's crazy. And fun. And Fun. And so t everyone's so talented and I love all those artists that are like, I was listening to you and I started sketching this thing and then it turns into this beautiful, yeah.


And then they're, people are like, I want this as a shirt. And then they go make money. I'm like, go make fucking money. Good. I know. Good. It's so cool. Another murder he knows. Buy it. I'm so happy for them. Just one last one, which was Allison. Her Twitter handle is Turbo Alley. And she had been listening to an old episode and reminded everybody, please clean out your lint trap in your dryer. Yes, please. And I, it makes me happy that she tweeted it, but I wanna remind people as well. I worry about your homes burning down a lot. Yeah. Because that's my, that's my personal neurosis. Well, your father was a fireman, an equally Neurotic fireman who would yell at us if there was even a hint of lint in the lint trap.


So I'm doing the Same to you. There shouldn't be. That reminds me, yes. That there is this thing on Alice Alyssa. Is that who this? She is. It might be the same girl. Alyssa on our Facebook group made something called Karen Georgia. And Karen's rules for how to stay sexy and not get murdered or not be a murderer or murder suspect. Her name's Joanna Groom. I don't know. I think it's her, her website. Oh, okay. But there's a couple of, this is a running list that I will continue to add to as G and K continue to preach. One. Number one, if you came here to learn, you're in the wrong place. That's right. Number two, guys. If you ever find something, say something or, or you look fucking suspicious. Your parents won't get mad if at you for being on someone's land if you find a skull.


Number three, if you find a body, you should tell someone. That's true. Number four, guys, do not sell your government secrets. And it goes on and on for like, fucking, it's at like, Oh my God. It's at like 129 at this point. Jesus Christ. I don't wanna give out the, the website, but I don't know what it is. Well, it's on the Facebook page, right? It's, I'll put it on the Facebook page. Yeah. Cool. Cool. My, it's my, it's, that's hilarious. That's very cool. MFM podcast is the Facebook page. Thank you Joanna for keeping that list. It's fucking great. I love it. That's hilarious. What do you got? What corner do you have? I have, Oh my God. I got recognized Corner. Oh. Which is always fun. This Is separate from San Francisco. Yeah. But the girl messaged me on Instagram that she, it was her.


Oh, nice. And it was like her, she had just gotten engaged and she saw us, me and she was so excited. Oh, I know. Congratulations. That's a good almond. Yeah. Seeing me or getting engaged. Her seeing you the right when she got engaged. Yeah. That's exciting. That maybe she won't get murdered by her future husband. Well, you never know. You don't ever know. Oh. So I was walking out of a, a juice place in Los Fel and some girl just goes my favorite murder, which I totally get because like, you see someone, you're like, I just have to say the thing that I know you're from immediately. 'cause I didn't stop and like say what? You know? Right. And I was like, yay. Like a hell of the juices over my head in triumph. And I was like, thank you. Because it was the first time I gotten recognized like in my neighborhood, you know?


And Yeah. That's crazy. She was a cool hipster girl. Like we all are around here. And I love that. Well, I have one April and I were eating in the diner. We always eat at April Richardson, everyone's favorite. Adorable. From Go Bayside podcast and standup comedy. And You were eating in a diner, as you do. We were Eating in a diner as we do. And a girl walked by outside and then walked in, pulled out her earbuds and just said, I just wanna let you know I love your podcast. I think she may have said, I'm listening to it right now. Oh my God. That's always been a, like a dream of walking by someone whose podcast I'm listening to. Wouldn't that be the weirdest feeling in the world? Yes. But I might be just saying that because that would be a really good part of the story.


Let's go with it. But I feel like she did. Let's go with it. But anyway, that was kind of exciting. And then she left and April goes, this is like a hard day's night. I was like, it's really not. It's So she saw It's exactly like that. It's totally, yeah. Us getting chased through the street by one person who politely came into the diner. Well, like, came in Quietly and then immediately left right as we sat at a table. Yeah. Eating salad. Fun times. Thanks for your support and love you guys. It really means A lot to us. This is weird and fun and we love it. And Oh my God, I can't believe it. It was weird. Yay. That was freak out corner. Yeah. There's so many corners. There's like too many corner. I don't think that it equals the actual room. No, no. It's a Mansion.


Corners. Yeah. It's a mansion of corners. Did you wanna talk about last week when I had to drop in the correct. What if I did it again? 'cause it's now changed again. Do it, Please. This is my favorite Mo so I'm listening to my own podcast e Quality control. Man. I, It's fine. I mean, we can say that, or we could call it ego, non-control. Whatever it takes. Quality control. Fuck it. I, I enjoy listening back because when we do it, oftentimes it's just a blur. And then I go, oh, we did say that's funny. Or Do you ever do the thing where you picture someone like that? You like listening to the podcast. This is what I sound like. That's when I stop listening. 'cause then I'm like, oh no. You know what I keep doing? Is what the fuck is wrong with my laugh next week?


Georgia. Control your laugh. It's like goofy and fucking. Don't you dare. The worst thing in the world you could do is change or control your laugh. I learned that in standup comedy. Oh yeah. Because in comedy, standing in the back, you're always trying to get people to know you're laughing at their joke. But if you try to have like say a feminine laugh or a cute girl, whatever, just be just in that one arena. Let yourself be authentic. Okay. And don't worry about what people think because it's the most natural response that you can have. Yeah. And you should let it come out. Even if it's a big snorting goose laugh Letter. I love snorting laugh. Rip. Well, can I, in that, in that fucking vein, can I tell you, can I admit something to you?


Is this gonna Get sad? Yeah. Okay. I'm a scream sneer and I didn't know it. I didn't fucking know it until this weekend and past episodes. If you're fucking, if you're new. Hi. We have Ty welcome. We've talked about Scream Snoozers before. Yeah. And I have a real problem with them. I Do too. But apparently It ca it overcame you. No, I do it all the time. And I never realized it. And I asked Vince and he was, I'm like, I'm I a scream sneer because he knows he's talked about it. And he was like, no, you're like, and I was like, Vince the best husband in the World. Such a sweet angel. So I wouldn't call it screaming. It's the same thing when I asked do I snore?


Oh no, you, you're cute. You know, like, wouldn't I saw a Yes. I fucking snre. Yeah. I, I scream sneeze. I mean, listen, as long as it's okay that I get mad At Oh, I don't care because scream sneezing legitimately scares me. It's terrifying. My mom does it too. Yeah. Like I had a roommate that all of a sudden it would just be like, Yeah. Yeah, yeah. The weirdest thing in the world that you can ever be prepared for. No. All right. Well maybe I just, maybe maybe we now know that scream snoozers don't know that they're scream sneezing. It's true. And also that they can't control it. Yeah. There we did get a tweet from somebody who was like, some people can't control it. And she was clearly very hurt. I'm sorry if you were hurt. I'm a person of very strong opinions, but I also go back on those opinions oftentimes.


Yeah. It's Fun to, it's fun to have. It's fun to be very adamant about things that you really don't give a shit about, honestly. Yeah. In real life. I mean, that's like why way of a podcast? We're trying to make the time go by. Yeah. Before we die. Entertainment people. This Is what it's about. This is it. What Else? Oh, you know what I was gonna say? Which we don't do this that often when it's like an off topic thing, but I just wanna say, our friends, pat Walsh and Joe De Rosa have a podcast called We'll See You In Hell that I listen to all the time and never plug or give a shout out to you. And I dunno, why have to, it's really funny if you like two dudes that fight about like movies, those Are the two most, they're, if you like, people who will argue anything, even, you know, like either side.


Those dudes, I can't believe they're friends. I know. It's great. It's, you watch their friendship kind of deteriorate and build back up every episode. And, but they're both softies so that they like then feel bad. They're, they're fucking hilarious. Both of them. And It's fun because if you can either watch the movie along with them Yeah. In the beginning they used to watch the movie and discuss it as it went, and then you could watch it along with them. Yeah. It's always like a, like a bee horror movie. Right? Yeah. Well, I think they've, they kind of opened it up, so it's kind of like at whatever movies they want now, but, but now they just kind of discuss them. But anyway, it's totally worth your time if you are into horror movies, regular movies or just taking our recommendations And they're both fucking hilarious, hilarious People.


Comedy writers, people Good friends. We like them. Yeah. Comedians. Good Stuff. No, they've never murdered anyone as far as we know. I just had that realization. I was listening to their podcast over the weekend. Yeah. I was like, I, I genuinely like this. I should at least say That. That's really nice of you. I think that we should recommend a friend's podcast every episode. Yeah. It might be good. Yeah. Or just things that we actually are watching, like pole dark. Like What? Remember? So I said to Georgia, a lot of people have asked us, are we gonna talk about Amanda Knox? Oh, gotta make not special. Which you, you wrote about right? For L magazine? Yeah. Yeah. Online. So if you haven't read Georgia's column about it for L Magazine, look that up because Georgia does her whole summation.


Thank you. I didn't watch it because Georgia told me she didn't like it. And so I was like, well, if she didn't like it, I'm not gonna like it. Yeah. Watch. I don't, don't think you, you needed to. And I don't, I'm not interested in that case because it's a one-off. Did she, didn't she? Pretty girl. Yeah. There's all kinds of elements that I don't enjoy. Well, you know what the biggest element is, is that the victim really has nothing to do with the whole story. And I don't like that. Yeah. They're completely forgotten. Yeah. I That sucks. Like her foot, her crime scene photo with her foot sticking out of the blanket got more airtime than her face did. Ugh. And I, it's just like, I just don't like those stories. Right. You know? Yeah.


And felt, probably feels unsatisfying. Yeah. And I mean, even though it sucks the JonBenet Ramsey story, at least it's called the JonBenet Ramsey. It's not called the Patsy and John Ramsey story. Right. It's like about her. Yes. But this is about, it's called Amanda Knox. Yeah. Know. So Yeah. I don't like that. Yeah. And so Georgia wrote that. I texted and said, do you want me to watch it so we can have a discussion about it? And Georgia basically said, I didn't like it, so, and I went, well, if you didn't like it, I'm not gonna like it. And immediately tried to get outta my homework. And Then I said, Go ahead. No, no, go Ahead. I said, just watch a British procedural. And So I immediately downloaded season one and two of Pollar, if you like. P-O-L-E-P-O-L-D-A-R-K.


Pollar. That's his last name. Oh, Ross Poldark. Oh. If you like Bodice Rippers combined with a mining, the politics of living in a mining town. Oh, that's What my, that's my favorite topic. I Mean, who wouldn't Right there on the coast of England. Yeah. Get in. That's what I majored in. Get in there. I didn't go to college. Someone's gonna write and be like, they're in Wales or whatever. I don't fucking know. It was one big green mountain and I loved it. I watched every episode. Ooh, I like that. I'm never gonna watch it. Perfect. Congratulations. All right. We are back. Hi. You guys we're back. This was, I must, I think I was a couple drinks in on this one.


I mean perhaps, but Whatever. Better than Adderall. I would love a poll of how many podcasters aren't drunk as they do. They're always on chat shows. I, it's, it'd be great to know. It's Kind of necessary. I Think just for like the chitty chattiness of it all. Yeah. I'm not a social butterfly. Well, and also there is a reason, and I don't know what it is, and I wonder if you do that. They were saying that we were hysterical on the episode before. I know. I didn't, I didn't notice. We were just excited. Maybe that moon was in a place that makes you hysterical. Hysterical. I don't know what it is. Yeah. I mean, I guess, I guess I'm trying to get us to talk about other people's opinions. It's not our opinion. If they're right, they're right.


I'm not gonna argue. It's from 2016. I Will say this at this time, I used to go to Georgia's house. It would be like seven 30 at night, and I would drink her leftover coffee from that morning. Oh my God. I forgot. And I would take a cup of her old coffee sitting in the coffee pot and I'd throw it in the microwave. And I drink my nighttime coffee. Ew. As you drink your nighttime bev. And we got through that episode. Wow. So it could have just been an imbalance of caffeine. Yeah. Or I had caffeine at night, which is always a bad idea for me. Always. Always. Yeah. The historical significance of this episode as we first start talking about scream sneezing. Yeah. And I don't think there's been a sneeze that's gone by since Sarah that I didn't think about that.


And you bringing that up in this episode. Yeah. So it's kind of like become embedded. You admit you are One. I know. And I didn't realize it. Also, when anyone else does it now, I'm like, shit, there's, Oh my God. Like when Vince does it sometimes, you know? Yeah. Which you should. It's like the release of it. It's what it's kind of all about. Yeah. I'm a screamy honor. I know that for sure. Yeah, It's, It's the thing. I feel like maybe it's easier to not be those things if you just scream all the time. It's Just be a scream person. Keep that volume up. Just be A screamer. We always tell you guys, Oh, did you see that thing about that? Some girl wrote up those rules, but Allison can't find them. Ah, it's Such a bummer. 'cause they're good. Yeah.


Guys, can you find them? Or are you that girl? Please repost 'em. We wanna see the rules. Alyssa Might not be into this podcast anymore, so maybe she was deleted her list of rules. But if that's not the case Yeah, anything's possible in nine years. She Found out that we didn't vote for Trump. And she's like, she's Like, forget it. Like, bye. My research is over. All right. Well this is a freaking heavy episode. Oh God. With a lot of big hitters and eyeball talk. Georgia's about to do her story, but it's back in 2016 about Charles Albright. It's one of the worst. The Texas eyeball killer.


What if I told you the most important part of your spring cleaning routine takes place in your sock drawer? I Still have socks from 1991. Oh no. Well, this is for you, Karen. It's time to ditch your mismatched tired old socks and refresh your collection with some bombas. You know, it goes great with a new pair of spring socks, fresh white t-shirts, waterproof slides, and a few pairs of buttery soft underwear. Bombas makes all that too. Do you remember when we were at recently at a podcasting party? Everyone was a podcaster, so everyone knew about Bombas. And one person in heels was like, I wish I literally had my bombas. And then someone else was like, they really are the best. We're podcasters. We've all tried them. It's real. Everyone was into them and wish they had the mom at the party. I Have a pair of slippers from Bombas from like a while ago, and I bought a second pair for like house guest slippers. Like just in case someone else gets cold. And people love those slippers. They're so Smart. Bombas is going international. Enjoy worldwide shipping to over 200 countries. Head over to bombass.com/mfm and use code MFM for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/mfm. Code MFM for 20% off your first Purchase. bombass.com/mfm And use code mfm. Good. Goodbye. Bye.


Hey, Karen, I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh Yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twists and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot view monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, this Is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, Oh my God. Once detected it sounds alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh My God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster With squarespace's. Built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to squarespace.com/murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder code murder. Goodbye.


Goodbye chewy murder time. Let's murder it up. I'm excited about mine. Mine is usually three or four pages. Yeah, this one's six. I'm not gonna go, I'm not gonna take up all the time, but there's just so much information. Do You wanna jump right in? Yeah. Can I go first do it? I think I'm first this time. Yeah. Yeah. All right. And it's very important whether or not Yes, we know who's first. Otherwise we just get so much hate mail. Yeah, that's not true either. All right, Karen? Yes. I mentioned it last week. Are you ready for the Texas eyeball Killer? Oh, they, that's right. Yes, I am. Are You, are you sure More than Yeah, I really am. Okay. I've got my protective eyewear on.


Yeah. If people have, I was thinking about how a lot of people have eyeball like issues. Issues. Yeah. They're gross. The eyeballs are gross and attacking eyeballs are gross. Attacking eyeballs is fucked. Yeah. Like what is wrong with you? Yeah, Don't worry. I don't get too into like the gory eyeball details, but there's a couple things. And he's called the fucking Texas eyeball killer. So he did some, some stuff that we need to really look into. Yes. Okay. Are you ready for it? I Think I am. Here we go. So on December 13th, 1990 in Oak, in the Oak cliff neighborhood of Dallas, Texas, the body of Mary Lou Pratt was found. She was a 33-year-old, well-known prostitute in the area.


I don't know what well-known means. It's like that everyone hang out. Was friends with her? Yeah. A sex worker, I think we're supposed to say. Yeah. Sex worker. She was last seen in mid-December on a Dallas Street corner trying to pick up clients. And her body was found at four 20 in the morning on a Dallas Street, just on a street. Oh. Laying face up, filling a bra t-shirt on. I saw the crime scene photo, bad news shirt was pulled up. I mean, yeah, it's very bad news. She had shot been shot in the back of the head with a 44 caliber gun. So the medical examiner said that the killer had removed both of her eyes and taken them with him.


Oh, Who wish she hadn't have done That. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see here. And it was, they removed postmortem with such precision that there was no damage to the upper or lower lid. What? And then it goes on to explain like the, the, the intricacies of removing an eyeball and all the like things, which I won't get into. Okay. But it's like complic. It's not like pluck. You Don't pluck? No, no. My mom used to work in the ophthalmology department at Kaiser. Right? Oh God, no. So I have this, I've not to in any way say because of that. I know anything about removing it. So you do it all the time then. But I think I've seen that poster of the, the like medical poster, right?


The I am more than I would've liked to. Right. Like what connects this to that? Yeah. Well, he did that all without like fucking any of that up. That's okay. So clearly he has an understanding of medical. This Is, it's very Jack the Ripy. Yes. Okay. But in 1990, yeah. She also had blunt force injuries and, but the cause of death was a gunshot wound. So then in February, on February 10th, 1991, so just a couple months later in South Dallas, outside the semi city limits, Susan Peterson, who was also a sex worker, was found dead. So she was found dead, shot three times and twice in the head, and once in her boob breast, I think I'm supposed to say.


And she also had her eyes removed. And, and what's weird is that he, the person closed the lids after he did it too. So they, they wasn't, they weren't found to have their eyes missing until they got their autopsies. It's all intentional and it's all tricky and creepy. Like what would you, what do you think your motive would be to take eyes? It's like seriously? Yeah, Because it's not gouging out. Like, don't look at me. No. Stabby stab. Yeah. It's removal. Like I'll as if it's evidence. Like and Taking them. Yeah. Okay. So two months later after Susan Peterson was found, the body of a 27-year-old woman was found in the same area. Oh, wait, no, this is Susan Peterson.


Sorry. She was found in at 7:45 AM and she worked in the same neighborhood as the, that is the first woman. And she was lasting walking the streets, looking for clients, found laying face up with only a shirt on, pulled up over her breast. The same mo same Exact way to find the Woman. Yes. So then a month after the second victim was found on March 18th, 1991, Shirley Williams, who was a 42-year-old woman working as a part-time sex worker in Dallas, was found dead. And she was completely nude. She had facial bruises and a broken nose and had been shot in the face through the top of the head.


Steven, are you gonna vomit? You're kind of like, oh, you're kind of, you're moving in a way that's eyeballs freak me out too. Do they, do you wanna go sit in the other room? No, no. I'll be okay. Okay. Let me know if you need some air. You look, I I kind of saw you weaving in the background. Like, oh no. She had superficial injuries around the eyes and face. And part of an exacto knife blade was found in one of the wounds. Mm. But sorry, eye wounds? No, no, no, no. Okay, okay. Okay. Like, fucking God. But, oh, so she was stabbed hard enough that it broke off What? Broke off the exact knife? No. Yeah. I think he stabbed her and it broke off. Yeah. That's not good. Both eyes had been removed.


So then a pair of patrol officers cut to this after the first three women had been found. Two cops remembered an incident from a few months prior. There was a woman named Veronica Rodriguez, also a sex worker. And she claimed she had been attacked and she claimed she had been taken into the woods and raped, then ran to a friend's house and he rescued her. So the, the rescuer was a guy who was a truck driver named Axton Schindler. And he said he was only giving her a ride. Didn't know anything about the attack or the injuries, super shady and weird.


But the police questioned him and his address was 10 35 El Dorado Street. So they wondered if the attacker was the eyeball killer. And they decided to re-question Schindler to find out if he had seen something. He was a weirdo himself. He like collected trash and stuff. So they discovered that 10 35 El Dorado wasn't actually his address. He'd put a fake address on the license out of paranoia, but the property belonged to someone named Fred Albright, but he was dead. So a couple months go by, they're trying to figure out who this fucking killer is, and then a deputy overhears them talking about this whole situation of Schindler and Albright.


And he remembers a phone call weeks before with a woman who said that she was friends with one of the victims of the eyeball killer. So she had been friends with Mary Lou Pratt, the first victim. Okay. And she said that the victim had once dated a man named Charles Albright. And the reason that stuck out to her was that he had a weird obsession with eyes and kept exacto knife blades in his addict. In his what? Attic Addict. I always say addict At. But you mean the room above your house Attic? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know why I do that. Okay. So it turns, I just wanna make sure. No, you're addict. That's what I fucking kept it in his attic. His friend who was an addict.


Did you hold these for me? Hey man. He did. Hey man, I got some real good government coke. So Charles, this fucking addict dude was the son of the guy who owned that home. Okay. So Fred Albright's son. And he had inherited that location. So let's talk about Charles Albright. He was born in Amarillo, Texas, and he was adopted from an orphanage by Dell and Fred Albright, his mother was Kind of Loco loco. Can we cut that out? Who the fuck am I kind of crazy. Loco never said that before. We were just trying to change it up a little. I don't know. His adaptive mom was a school teacher and she was super strict and overprotected.


She overprotective, she like made him study a lot and he ended up skipping two grades. 'cause he was so fucking smart. Hmm. And she pampered him like crazy. She kept goats in the backyard so he could drink goat's milk, which we, she said was better for him than cow's milk. She occasionally put him in little girl's dresses and gave him a doll to hold. Oh. She would change his clothes a couple times a day to keep dirt off of him. So loco, She was loco She Was straight up Loco. Yeah. And he, she was afraid that he much might touch dog feces and get polio. So she took him to the hospital to see the polio patients locked in huge iron lungs. What? That doesn't keep you from touching. No.


And dog pieces isn't where you fucking get polio, bro. It's the air. Like, it's just the air, you know? That's so awful. I know. Can you ima But this is the thing my brain always flashes to. Can you imagine a parent today? Yeah. Taking their child to witness burn something. Yeah, exactly. Don't touch the stove. Look at all these people who have been, have third degree burn. However, I think my aunt, one time my cousin, he was little lit the fucking kitchen on fire because he was doing that thing with matches where you flick 'em after you light them. Yes. Lit the whole kitchen on fire. This is in the seventies. So he was not being watched course. And, and it was his fault for playing with matches. Not their fault for not leaving Them Around, for leaving them Around for smoking 24 hours a day.


Right. And I think that they took him to the burn ward to be like, this is what fucking happens when you play with matches. And how was he after that? He's fine now. He's kind of a, he's kind of mean to me when he, when we were little, The Kind of sadistic the mean Before or after the burn ward visit. After. Oof. Yeah. So he is still working some stuff out. Yeah. But he's like, fine now. I mean, I think you need to trust your children better, that you don't have to traumatize them to get the lesson through their, through their head. Think You should teach them not to fucking play with fire to begin with. I mean, I just remember when I lit the bed on fire, my mom screams were enough to keep me from ever doing it again. Yeah. That's the secret. Because She looked at me like, what the hell is wrong with you?


Yeah. And then I was like, I just, I don't know. Yeah. You have no ex you have an excuse for being like, I hate when you do something, you're like, this is something a stupid person would do. Yeah. I have no like, am I a stupid person? My thing was like, can you please just pay attention to me? Like I just, I'm really fun. Yeah. I think of great stuff. Get Off the phone, Get off the motherfucking phone. Hang up that long. Corded, what was it Fucking marygold or was it Yes, it was marygold. Shut up, up. I swear to God, Because that's the, the entire seventies was marygold. It Really was. So she would take him to the polio to look at the polio patients. And those p polio patients were like, fuck you. Don't use me. An example. I didn't touch dog shit. The idea. Yeah. Really. I never touched, don't put that on me.


The idea of being in a iron lung where just your head is sticking out is such a goddamn nightmare For months. Horrible. Oh, those poor baby's. Yeah. And then she said to him, you can spend the rest of your life here. She would tell him, but she was, it's, from what I read, she was very protective and loving of him in a way because she wanted him to know that she was never gonna abandon him and that she loved him. Like it doesn't seem like she was, she was doing it wrong. She was, I know, I don't think she was abusive, but she was Like, her intentions were good. Yeah. Yeah. She was overbearing and didn't really understand how to parent. Yeah. She was letting her neurosis take priority over his wellbeing. And it sounds like she had a lot of neurosis aside from what she did to her kid.


But he, she doesn't sound like a bad person. She just wasn't, she was scared. I think she had a little bit of a mental illness. Yeah. Oh, well. However, the next line says, when he was less than a year old, she put him in a dark room as punishment for chewing on her tape measure. Man, Elvis chews on my tape measure all the time. No, no. Dark rooms for babies. Everybody. We've agreed that in 2017, You know what's scary when you're a kid, the dark room, you're not scared when you're adult. A dark room. Oh, don't to it. And then when She also, you know what's scary? I just said it was 2017. I didn't, you know what's scary is I didn't even fucking notice. Is It it? No, not yet. Let's, let's hold this episode until 2017.


So we sound normal. That's right. This one goes in the vault. Like Disney style. I keep, I keep reading more awful stuff that makes me take back everything I just said. When he wouldn't take a nap, she would tie him to the bed. She was abusive. When He wouldn't drink his milk, she would spank him. She would make him drink goat's milk. Yeah. Have you I've never had goat's milk. No, I haven't. And I'd like to take an aside right now and say that everyone listening, spanking is abuse. Don't fucking spank your kids. Oh man, Karen. That's why I don't have kids. And I don't, then the problem never even comes up. Wait, should I, shouldn't I? Nope. No. I should go to the movies by myself.


That's what I should do. You know what's great is being an aunt and getting to go away after That's Right. And then They have to take care of you when you're old. That's what I figured out recently. That's pretty right. Oh, and then she lectured him about the way his father, the father acted greedy with sex whenever. Oh no. As a child. He, she told him that whenever the dad saw her in the bedroom, in her bra and underwear, he tried to grab her. She was going to have none of that. And she was gonna make sure that Charlie never tried anything like that with his friends. His girlfriends either. Oh. And he, she, he were older. She chauffeured them every time they went on a date. She would call the girl's parents to let them know that her son would not do anything.


Untoward Lady. But That was the fifties too. So I don't know. Like, So she was on pills. She had to, she was on vacuum pills. Right. I bet she had an amazing kind, an amazing figure. Like, because she Just didn't eat. She wore four girdles. Yeah. And she was super high on speed. She Ate a triangle of toast every morning with, and A tomato's a cottage cheese, Tomato and cottage cheese. Lady Tomato and cottage cheese. I mean Okay, Go ahead. Says so much about life. Yeah. So for some reason he got his first gun as a teenager and he'd kill small animals with it. Sure. His mom would help him stuff them due to his interest in becoming a taxidermist. This guy had no chance. No. He got super into fucking taxidermy.


But his mom was super cheap and weird and like wouldn't spend any money on anything. So instead of spending the money on the glass eyes that one would buy for taxidermy birds and squirrels and shit, she was like, we don't need to do that. So instead they would get two dark buttons. And so people would come over and look at their taxidermy and it'd be this, it's like that, that movie. Coralline Coralline. So I wonder who the eyeball killer is right now. Are we gonna go ahead and make a guess? I mean, this is like all arrows pointing to what's his name? Dan? It's his name. Dan? No, it's Charles Albright. Charles Chuck. Chuck. Danny Albright. We'll call him Chuck Danny. You never had a goddamn chance.


Poor Baby. But it seemed like he, so all of these like Wikipedia articles and these other things just make him seem like a crazy, you know, like a gross drifter like killer. Right. But this other article I read, it was just like, he was a, he was very, very fucking intelligent. But at age 13, he was a, he was a petty theft, whatever, angry. Grew with salt. He graduated from high school at age 15 because he was so fucking smart. And then he went to the North Texas University. He wanted to train as a medical doctor and a surgeon. He wanted to train as a surgeon. Yeah. Yeah. And at 16, the police caught him with some stolen petty cash. He spent a year in jail at 16.


And then he went back to school, majored in pre-med studies, but was found with stolen items again and is expelled, but not prosecuted. So He had, he had a he compulsion control problem. What's that called? Yeah. Compulsion control. He Made it up. That's what it's called from now on, I think. So Impulse control. Impulse control, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dig it. So he got kicked outta school. So he did what everyone else would do, which is that he gave himself a fictitious bachelor's and master's degree. He forged himself. Problem Solved. Solved. I mean, he knows everything. Anyway, That's, I mean, it sounds like it.


Yeah. He's Like, so it turns out I'm an eye doctor. Yep. Here you go. Here's my forged shit. But he had like, done it by breaking into like the fucking head of the college's office and like using the right typewriter and everything. So it all looked Oh, that's good. Like, he was very conniving. So you got a master's in forgery. I mean, if you essentially at that point you can do that. You deserve it. Yeah. You deserve something, you Know. Yeah. Fuck you. Who? I dunno. Society man. Yeah, man. College. I think I have a thing against college because I never went and I hate you. College. Yeah. Okay. Me Too. Me. But somehow he married his college girlfriend. I don't know man. Some women just fucking, Well, come on.


Danger, Chuck. Danger. Yeah. You gotta get near that shit. She's bored of all these dumb college students at Arkansas State Teacher's College. She's like, yawn a clock. Yes. He's dangerous. It's dangerous. He's not grabby. Yeah. He's not afraid of the dark anymore. He doesn't Grab her when she's in her underwear. And He loves buttons. Oh, great. He's got a master's in, he's got A master's and a Bachelor's. Turns out they got married. They had a kid and he started teaching high school science. There's a photo of him and like a school photo. Okay. So this guy, he seems like this criminal. He's this normal fucking smart guy with friends that goes to church that is like everyone likes, no one can believe it.


One of those guys. Yeah. He's not like a gross, like his fucking mugshots Creepy. But his, he wasn't like that. He Had a life. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He says he had a pied piper, like ability to captivate people. And he, so in 1965, he and his wife separated and because he got caught stealing again and he served less than six months. He loved to steal. He loved, he had a compulsion to steal maybe just to see if he can get away with it. And also, like we, Steven and I were talking before the show started about stealing. There's something to it too, where you just, like, when you have that thing of like, I need this. Yeah. Like you rationalize needing something.


I used to steal a lot and it was like, it was like, it was like a Fuck you. Yeah. I never stole from like people Or Did you steal from like CVS? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's like the teen girls. Yeah. Rite of passage. And I was poor and didn't have money and like, didn't have enough for things that like everyone else got to have. And I felt like justified You Were Good job. Yeah. Yeah. I felt justified in like, fuck you everyone. I want this too. You know? I will have three wet and wild lipsticks. Yes. Yeah. Fucking that crazy pink that I done were to raves. Yes. That the, that lip liner that's so long. It'll last you like seven years. Yes. And doesn't, Doesn't in any purse that like maroon one and The the, the irony there is that wet and wild makeup is so cheap.


Oh, they, and yet that's the one that everyone's to I know. It's So funny. But then you're like, well, you paid 3 cents to make this with fucking slave labor. Yeah. So gimme mine. Give me mine. Don't steal. We used to don't do drugs used. Don't steal, don't do drugs. We used to do pink. There would be a pink lipstick. But then you took frosty white eyeshadow. Oh my God. And put it on your lips while it was, while the gloss was still wet. Ew. And so you had the frosties pink lipstick of all time. Frosty pink lipstick was fucking in 84, baby. Yes. All Right. Anyway, Love it. Sidebar, Sidebar, nation da da da da. Okay. But so he, so everyone loved him.


He, everyone, all the neighbors trusted him. Here's a funny thing. He was asked by local residents to babysit their children. Mm. Sorry. Well, he was, but hi. His whole act was working. Aside from being a big steal, I'm sorry. Is who the fuck lets grown men babysit their children? Oh yeah. No, That's my problem with that. And also, this was not long ago. This wasn't like Albert fish time. We were like, yeah, let the old thing babysit. It's like recent. This is 81. Where like all of that hadn't, they didn't believe the children still, when you're like, my uncle fucking touched me, they're like, shut the fuck Up. How dare you. Yeah. You're being A brat. It was a burbling to the surface. Yeah, that's right. I think, I think towards the end of the eighties is when they were like, oh shit. Don't leave your kid alone with a grown man.


Yeah. Got it. Don't, don't, don't accept help from a grown man who wants to help you with your kids. Yeah. He doesn't, he's not being a nice guy. He is. And also grown men. If you're not a Lester, don't try to fucking babysit kids. Yeah. Find another outlet. Yeah. Ride horses. You don Or So Don, I don't know. Go to therapy. They'll find someone else. Go to Therapy. Don't you have a fantasy something team that you need to maintain? Watch The dogs. Fine. Even the cats don't offer to watch the children. Just get a bunch of Dogs. Yeah. We've solved it. Done, done. Look at us legislation corner with Karen in Georgia. So easy. Let's see. Oh, but then guess what? In 1981 while visiting some friends, he sexually molested their 9-year-old daughter.


Oh no. And this is when his whole facade started to crumble. Oh. He was prosecuted and pled guilty. But he and received, I'm sorry, what did he receive for this fucking what, three years probation? Three years. Oh. But he said that he said, he said he pled guilty because he didn't want it to become a big thing. He wanted to kind of keep it a secret. So no one knew about it because he, but he quote didn't do it, but he still pled guilty to it. Whatever. Okay. At this point, he falls in love with a woman named Dixie. And then he starts, he takes a paper route in the early morning and it turns out it's so he could visit prostitutes without raising his wife's suspicions. His new wife. Yeah. Adult paper routes are suspicious as fuck. Yeah. Get a fucking telemarketing job, bro.


So, so we're back to this woman being like, yeah, my friend who died, Mary Lou Pratt date was friends with Charles and he was into fucking eyeballs. Okay. Not fucking, but it was an eyeballs and stuff. Yeah. And it, there's proof that he was friends with her way before she came across to fucking sex worker. In the early eighties. Mary lived in South Dallas neighborhood while Albright's parents had invested in cheap rental property. And he was living in one of the rental homes. And he had a brief fling with one of Mary's friends and had brought them over to the house for parties. So they knew each other already. And then when she started to become a sex worker, he became one of her customers.


And she said that old man Albright was a good trick, willing to pay a little more than the going rate, but he's claiming from jail now. I just spoil the whole thing. He's claiming that he didn't even visit prostitutes. I mean, why would he admit That? Yeah. So I think she was his first kind of foray into, into sex work. Yeah. Says he would pick them up, talk to them, take them to get a hamburger and drop them back off. That sounds like a perfect date. Yeah. Sorry, what's, what's he paying for there besides Hamburgers? I don't know, but I think eventually he started to do it with them. Okay. So beep boop up. Let's see. Da da.


Okay. On March 22nd, 91, he's arrested and charged with three counts of murder. Oh, bless you. That's how you do it. That was okay. I get it. I get it. No, I fucking get it. How is the first time either of us have sneezed on this podcast? I Wow. Especially a, a fucking closed room full of cats. I know. And it's, and I don't, it's, I'm gonna be honest, I don't fucking vacuum that couch much. So, All right. Sorry. Go ahead. No, that was an amazing speech. Let's see. So, but eventually he was known by several sex workers. I know. He was violent towards them. So that was a growing thing. Like when it started out he was all hamburgers and cute.


Yeah. And then it basically, he got comfortable. Yeah. And started to be able to do whatever he wanted to do. They said that one said that he beat her with an extension cord or a belt to achieve orgasm. Another told a reporter that he would k another told her that he would kill her if she tried to take advantage of him. And he, and also he was known to have an abnormal obsession with eyes, and he would remove the eyes from dolls and photographs Suck. Fuck, man. Yeah. Like, get another mo. Because if you have this thing in your daily life, it's like if you're the bicycle killer and you're obsessed with bicycles, like become the skateboard killer instead, you know, Change it up so that the cops won't find you immediately.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's like, come on. He can't, it's his obsessions. All's Like Steven with the Britney Spears movie, he just can't stop thinking about it every moment of every day. Yeah. He's like, oops, I did it again. Thought about it. That wasn't that funny. Was it? You? What? Thank you. Well, it was to me. I appreciate that, Karen. That's why we're partners. I don't fake laugh at you. I Know you don't. And I love it. And when you laugh at me, it's always, I'm always, it's like, it's like you're scream sneezing. 'cause I'm like, what? I'm always surprised because you're shocked, pleasantly shocked. Do, do, do. Okay. So, all right. So here's, okay. So the reason I found this whole murder is because on crack.com.


Yes. My favorite late night Fucking read the Best website, crack.com. Dude, There was one, one list called Five Suspicious Details of Famous Crimes. No one can explain. Love it. I'm sorry. I would read that for hours. Yeah. Make that list 500, please. And I am there, There. So the, the weird thing about this case is that this fucking, this dude from the beginning, if you'll remember what I can't remember, axon Axton, the truck driver Schindler, the truck driver ler, they were like, well, what's his connection? He, his driver's license had the address of the killer's father. How does that make any sense?


This guy must have been part of it or known, no fucking connection at all. What? He just happened to live in a rental property that was owned by the killer. So there's no connection. He just ha the, the guy who picked up the, the truck driver who picked up this woman who had been beaten up and gave her a ride home. I don't believe It. I know, but it's true. Pretty sure. Like he just is clean on the deal, even though he knows the parent of the killer. And so, or the attempted killer, he, He happened to live in a rental property that was owned by the Albright, and he happened to use another of their addresses as his fake address.


And he just happened to be in there at the time to pick up one of his wouldbe victims. I'm sorry. Three happened to be in one man's life. Adds up to a whole bunch of, you're full of shit. Write that shit down, man. That was amazing. Come on. It's just coming outta my mouth. So the cops interrogating him for hours thinking there had to be connection. Not a single witness had ever seen him before. And there was no physical evidence that he had even ever been at the crime scenes or knew about Albright's murder's hobby at all in general. He seemed to, this Is Schindler you're talking about. Yeah. Okay. He seemed to have no idea what was going on. He helped a woman in need, and that's all he fucking knew about. Wow. That's crazy. Yeah. But now, okay, so wait, let me, let me also, Aren't you a little suspicious of like, of cross country truck drivers because of so many terrible forensic files?


Yes. Where it's like they have murder barns all across the Midwest. Well, You're going into a small enc. Like if you're, you know, a sex worker, you're going to a small enclosed place that they know where things, I mean, no. Yeah, I Know, but he's, he's innocent. Yeah. Well, yes. Okay. All right. Well, let's go back to the trial after all. After Charles Outbreak gets arrested. December 13th, 1991. Like, doesn't this seem like an old timey crime? Like from the seventies? Oh, completely. Aren't you picturing, like you Said, 1990? I was genuinely shocked. I know. Aren't you thinking of like old fucking Cadillacs of vs and shit? Yes. Like, yeah. Totally. It's 91, which I guess is a long time ago for certain, for 12 year olds whose moms let them listen to this fucking podcast.


Hi. Hi. So the evidence was that eight hairs that matched Shirley Williams, one of the victims was found in Albright's a vacuum cleaner. Okay. That's not good. That's, That's just a, that's kind of cool, right? Like, but who had the job of going through the vacuum? Like, did that really happen? Or they just like put some fucking, I mean, you, we cannot know. But that's a, that's like a forensic job. That's what you're signing up for. We Yeah. Dude, there's people who are listening who might know the answer to that. That's true. Maybe they've done it before. Yeah, that's right. Email Us. We're like, they got a pair of tweezers. Yeah. Small revlons from CVS that they shoplifted and they're just going through that dust bag. Ugh. And they're like Molecule by molecule. It's only 'cause their boss doesn't like them that they had got that job.


That's the shit job They mouthed off at lunch. Yeah. Man. That's the shit job. They drank too much at the fucking company picnic. Yep. And called somebody a fat bastard. Oh, really? Well, you'll be picking through the vacuum cleaner bag This week. Done hill. Damn it. Shit. I did it again. I always, okay. We could just, that could be Forever. Whole forever. All right. And then three pubic hairs from a blanket at Shirley Williams murder scene were matched to Albright. They also found hair, found hair on a yellow raincoat that matched his hair that was near the one of the bodies. Can I, should I mention at this moment that about hair, hair follicle Evidence?


Yes. Well, that's what I was totally thinking too, is I think in like the first episode I had read the news story that they've proven that that's not a thing anymore. Conclusive, Right? Yeah. Yeah. Which I just find kind of hard to, I find maybe not as, not as conclusive as they originally thought. Right. That hair evidence and fiber evidence, like if you find a purple fiber and the fucking on the body of a dead person, and the person that you think is the suspect because of connections also has a purple carpet. Like you can't just convict them on the purple carpet. But if there's other connection, Right. If if it's one piece of many that are all fitting together, but Exactly. But then that's all that all speaks to, like, when you're looking for patterns, will you see those patterns?


And the other fucking, the other part of that is do you have a good prosecuting attorney and do you have a shitty defense attorney? Right. You know what I mean? Yes, man. Yeah. So then three hairs from the head of Susan Peterson were found on a blanket in Albright's truck. So all three of them had hair that were connected to him. Yeah. That's, that's, That's when you're like, okay. Yeah. Yeah. So December 18th 91, the jury found him guilty, received ASC sentence of five years to life, but only for the murder of Shirley Williams. It's the only one he got convicted on Five years, Five to life. Who are we? Where are we? What's happening? You, I mean, why naturally isn't that 15 to life? I dunno.


Five, five. How old was he? Do do you know? Like, was he older? I think he was in his fifties. Okay. No, not old enough. That like, and the other thing is, everyone's like, he's gonna be in there for 15 years and it's like, my dad is fucking 71 that's not that old anymore. Right. And also, he killed people. He Murdered people. He Murdered innocent people who didn't deserve to die. No, he got, well, he got fucking proby on a fucking molestation proby. Do people call it that? I don't know that Up. No, that's Loko. I bet you anything. I bet you that's police lingo proby for Probation. Yes. I'm gonna fucking, doesn't it sound like it should be? Yes, For sure. Proby Proby. We're, we're jealous. We're definitely calling it that from now on. Cops email us.


So he's at the Clements unit of the Texas Department of Corrections in Amarillo, and he's a motherfucking piece of shit. But he's saying from prison that he's, he's like, he will not admit to any of it. He's blaming fucking Schindler and saying it's him. Oh, interesting. Yeah. And I love, but there's just no act, there's no evidence. Everything about like the, the woman who, Rodriguez who said he, she attacked him, another woman who knew him. Everyone saw a photo lineup and picked him like it, it's fucking him. And he grew up obsessed with eyes. Yeah.


Yeah. And he has, he was trained as a, he was a like, medical student surgeon. Like, what's more of a coincidence that this dude used to live in this guy's house and put another one of his addresses down or, and that he'd killed it or killed them. Or that this fucking eyeball obsessed fucking pedophile, overbearing ped mother of overbearing crazy mom who dress him up in women's clothes. Not to say that there's anything wrong with boys dressing up in women's clothes As long as they're doing it themselves. Exactly. You get to do it. Yeah. So you're, it's all about choice. Yes. As many things are. Yes. But, but also he's a proven, repeated and seemingly remorseless criminal.


And he is, what do they call that? It's getting worse as the years go by. Yeah. Each crime gets a little worse. Then he becomes a, he's a child molester. He seems like he feels like he's entitled. Yes. Like I did when I used to shoplift. But I'm better now. Well, but also I would never fucking shoplift. Now, You, you yours, your, your crimes never escalated. Yeah. The thought of shoplifting now horrifies me. The thought of, I did that when I was, I'm not like, eh, I used to shoplift. It's, I'm so embarrassed about that time. Right. Because now you know, the, the, I was gonna say side effects, you know, I have a moral compass now. Yes, Exactly. And it actually affects other people. Yeah. We're talking about a person who's probably a sociopath. Yep.


Or more. But the, but the idea, I mean, I have to say, and I hate to sound this way, I don't hate to sound this way, I am this way. The idea that he removed eyes, that he, that there was an additional thing to his straight up murders. That, that you would, that it's very common of these serial killers to kill sex workers. And in their mind have this pseudo kind of righteous, almost religious thing about as if they're cleaning up the streets. Yeah. Or something like that. This extra detail of taking eyes and closing eyelids is so morbidly fascinating to me. You know What's really weird about it too, if you think about it, is that these women were killed pretty brutally. They were beat up. They were stripped of their clothes.


They were raped, they were shot. Yet he carefully, systematically removed it. He didn't gouge their eyes out and fucking, you know, take 'em and run away. He very, you had to do that probably slowly and carefully with the right tools. Yes. So it wasn't a fit of crazy rage that he just went into. Also, and nobody wants to think about this, but if you, just for one second, think about how insanely hideous it would be to remove someone's eye. Yeah. And to ke I mean, what did he do with them? Where did he put them? They never found them. They never found anything. Not his eyes. Not their eyes. What If there's like The wall, a rental space Somewhere? Yeah.


There's gotta be so much shit. There's just six jars of eyes staring out at you. I always wonder, wasn't there like a, The reality show where they bid on blind lots where they would buy a rental space, storage unit, lot Storage Wars. What if you fucking, there's an episode of Storage Wars, they throw up a throw, open a door eyeballs, just fucking six eyeballs staring. Like, I know I, I'll pay a thousand. Can I start the bit at a thousand? Please? That was good. That's a eyeball killer, man. That's good. I didn't even really know much about that. Think you cracked. I I knew nothing except for when you mentioned it and immediately assumed it was like the torso killer in Ohio.


Like 30 style old fashioned murderer. Yeah. 'cause it feels like old timey. And the other thing is that about this guy that is suspicious is that he was this, this child molester or this criminal, this like fucking crazy. You know? And yet he had this charming, normal life. Yeah. It wasn't like he was living, you know, off the grid and as a like, drifter. No, he had the mask on tight. He Maintained man. Yeah. And people, and you know, there's all these comments of people, the normal comments of, I, I can't believe it. Not him. No way. It's amazing. He was such a nice guy. Yeah. You know, and then this family's like, he molested our daughter. Yeah. Shocked. Crazy. Yeah. That's some fucked up shit, man.


He was a scream, sneeze of a human being is what he was. Oh my God. I just scared Mimi. Nobody saw that So bad. I just scream, laughed. I'm sorry, Mimi. Oh my God. She just lost her mind. She'll be all Mimi seems fragile. She is very, she's like, I please, she Was found on a dumpster And we are back. What a horrible story. Georgia, any updates on this one? Yeah. Actually, one of the officers who worked on the eyeball killer case was a rookie named Regina Smith, now a retired lieutenant. She told a NE true crime that the thing that stuck with her the most about the case was getting the family's closure and finding the eyeballs.


After she retired, she reached out to Albright in prison for answers, which is bold and brave. Yeah. He agreed to Sierra, but was in hospice and visitors were not allowed. So she did not get an answer because Charles Albright died in prison in 2020 at the age of 87. Ugh. Yeah. All right. How about a equally awful story. A big one too. This is Karen's story about co-ed killer Ed Kemper.


Hey Karen, I want you to picture yourself going for a drive. What comes to mind? Not ever being able to merge on any freeway in Los Angeles and potholes and crying. Oh Yeah. Well, the truth is, the road can feel like it's out to get you at every turn. But Karen, it doesn't have to be this way. Because Hyundai's available advanced safety technology is designed to help keep you protected from all of life's twists and turns. Their Vehicles offer available features designed to help safeguard you and your loved ones. You Can change lanes with confidence thanks to the available blind spot View monitor, which actually shows you a live video feed of your blind spots. The standard forward collision avoidance assist can help prevent or mitigate accidents by alerting you of imminent collision. Oh my God, this happens to me all the time and automatically applying the brakes. If you don't, This is needed. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. I, Oh my God. Once detected it sounds alerts and visual cues to help bring your focus back to the road. Oh my God. I mean, get this for me right now With available class exclusive safety features. Hyundai helps to keep you safe so you can enjoy the drive. Learn more about hyundai@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Contrary to popular belief, since the birth of man women have also existed And yet it's so hard to find bras and shapewear that don't feel like a punishment. Enter honey Love. Honey Love is an independent female founded brand specializing in brass, shapewear, and intimates designed for real women's bodies. Because All honey love products are intelligently designed by women who actually wear them. They Recently launched the cross Flex bra, which is designed to support you all day from your workday to your workout. Honey Love Brass are supportive and wire free thanks to bonding technology that lifts without underwire. You deserve a bra that's lightweight and comfortable without sacrificing support. A great bra is the foundation of any great outfit. Start every outfit with honey, love and elevate your style. Treat yourself to the best bras and shapewear on the market. Save 20% off honey. love@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use Our exclusive link to get 20% off honey love.com/mfm to find your perfect fit. After you purchase, they ask you where you heard about them. Please show support for the show and tell them we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style with Honey. Love. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So How do you find the perfect piece? Easy. You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And It's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable. And so user-friendly. Like You don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look at that near dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously, Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more To claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Good. Goodbye.


Alright, well should I do mine? No, I mean, I'm gonna blaze through this because here's the thing. Did I take too long? No, no, no, no. I loved it. It was so good. Should I do mine? That's what this podcast is. I didn't mean it first of all. Mine is a heavy hitter and I, I feel like a lot of people know this one. I definitely, a lot of people have written to us and requested that we do this guy And You rain all over your parade. No, no, no. Okay. Take your fucking time man. It's Edmund Kemper, the co ed Killer. Yeah. It's the man who was six foot nine, Steven, six foot nine. It, that in and of itself is scary and intimidating.


So intimidating. Sorry to all you super tall guys out there. But it is. And when you see video of Edmund Kemper walking with cops, Is he a big guy too? Like not just like a tall skin or is he big? I mean, He's not humongous. Yeah, he is proportionate, but when he walks through doorways, he has to duck. It's he's that tall. Six nine is out of control. And to imagine that on top of that, he's a psychotic, paranoid schizophrenic psychopathic killer. It's so upsetting. Do You think he went crazy because people kept asking him if he plays basketball? I always wonder that about telling people how fucking sick of that They're, they're so sick of it. And also it's like people expect them to be good and then when they're not, they Get like bullied.


Yeah. I don't fucking play basketball. No, I don't even Like a basketball. I'm not, I love golf. Did you play Basketball? Man? Dude, you must love basketball. No. Fuck you. Alright, so just to briefly, also, I don't like doing these ones because I don't like to talk about the serial killer themselves. Like they're a star. Yeah. I fucking hate that. Like Knowing their whole life when really it's like, fuck you. This one woman that you murdered is, life is way more important than your whole life. Right? Well, and also you rendered your own life like a shitty, a shitty factoid list because of the actions that you acted out in that life. So You're, and you made them obvious in this fucking example of what serial killers are like and Yeah. Yeah. But it's not impressive to me.


Yeah, it's not. And also when you see this person interviewed to me, all I think is what a waste. 'cause he was really smart. He was a big giant. That was also a genius. No one ever knew he was a genius because he, he had a terrible mother. This, which is kind of sometimes a theme on the show. Yeah. Another abusive obs like obsessive controlling dominant mother who was impossible to please. And Yes, all dominant mothers. I mean, so let's see. It just basically goes like this. His, he was born in Burbank, California. What? What a Burbank. Are you fucking serious? Yeah. That's where, that's where I live.


It's down The street from, no, that's crazy. I didn't know that He, his parents had a bad marriage. They divorced when Ed was nine and his mother moved him to Helena, Montana. And there he, all he wanted was a father. And instead this one article said he had a string, a subsequent string of stepfathers. But then when I looked into it, it sent, seemed like his mother only got remarried one other time. She probably just dated Then. She probably dated. And also I think the evil mother kind of recurring theme is a thing that people very easily can kind of fill in the blanks. Yeah. She got married all the time.


She Was an old bitchy slut. Yeah. I mean it's like, to me that's what kept coming out was like, well what if she was, what if he was a six foot nine monster that she had to control and didn't know what to do? Yeah. It s me out that they blame it on like the mom who stayed and raised him and, but not the daddy fucking The single mom. Yeah. Later date. Yeah. Like, but I mean, who knows? Yeah. Who knows the details. IJI just feel like there's, there's always this a little bit of that where it's like, what, okay, she was mean and domineering, but now she married a bunch of people. Like Yeah, Whatever. And the, and marrying a bunch of people is like, oh, you're a fucking shitty mom and a slut. Well maybe just maybe not fell in love. I Dunno. Let's just put it out there. Maybe not, maybe not. So.


But he, in his like early teens, he starts to display his antisocial personality traits. So him and his system sister, this made me laugh when I wa I was watching this, a really good British series that you can find on YouTube. Like any killer you want, there will be this British series that comes up and they just give you tons of information to come and really good facts. I have no idea what the title is. I knew you were Gonna say that. No idea. I can, I'll tell you next week. Okay. It'll be like a fun surprise. Yeah. It's like surprise crime. Crime and evidence stuff. British accent. And it's also not on B, B, C, it's not on anything I would recognize. Yeah. It's almost like an independent, all the people in England right now are like giving me all kinds of two fingers up in the air.


Yeah. For not knowing this. Yeah. Oy. So, but if you look up Ed Kemper, it's the first documentary series on him on YouTube. It's Called Crimes and Stuff and British Crimes and Crimes and Trumpets And British accents. Yeah. So him and his sister would play a game called Gas Chamber, where his sister would throw pellets into his room and then close the door and he would pretend he was dying of asphyxiation. Oh, that sounds normal. That's it Made me laugh so hard. 'cause I was, and then it was like a bunch of stuff of like, then he would make his sister's dolls have sex. And I was like, yeah, standard fare. I did that. Everybody did that.


I Stole my brothers GI Joes and they would totally bone Barbie. Yes. That's what dolls are for. Yeah. It's all like, get 'em in that dream house. Yeah. And get to fucking, And then you just smash 'em together and they're boning and You have no idea what or why Smash, smash, Smash, smash. You just know that it's exciting that they're in the same bed. Yeah. And that's awesome. They're on a little plastic bed together. Sex Is like that now. Smash smash. So, but here's where it all was very different than most of our childhoods. He told his sister in grammar school that he had a crush on his teacher. And when he said he wanted to kiss his teacher, his sister said, why don't you? And he said, because I'd have to kill her first. Yeah. So the sister's like, I may go get a class of juice and like slowly crab walks outta the room crab.


Okay. And I'll be Right back. Like, just lemme in here getting on the ground and crab walking instead of just like backing out of the room. No, she had to go out sideways crabby with all her eyes looking at him. Crab eyes. So Breaking down His mother when he was a little bit older made him live in the basement. No. 'cause she was afraid that he would molest his sisters. So Yeah, it was, it was dark and bad. Oh, that's weird. It also was believed that that mother suffered from borderline personality disorder. Yeah. Which explains the rages and the abuse. Oh, Honey. So that's, you know, fair's fair. We're gonna say all this stuff about her, but then also Everyone sucks all around. I mean, here's the thing. Untreated mental illness affects people terribly and in a ripple effect.


Totally. That isn't just the person who isn't taking their medicine or the person who can't afford their medicine. I also see My therapy sessions every week of me going through Yeah. Shit. Yes. Of it's mental health is very important. So important. And my mother was a psychiatric nurse and in the eighties when Proposition 13 closed down all the mental hospitals, Oh, that's the worst thing that ever happen. Rant and rave every night about how terrible the future was going to be for people who needed help and wouldn't be able to get it. Also see the fucking insane amount of homeless people we have in this country. Right. That's because we can, they don't have easy access to fucking mental health Services services and they, they need help and Yeah. And basically the state is gone.


Too bad. Yeah. All right. Nope. Let's, I wanna keep talking about that. Back to Ed, my mother would you know what that would be like her dream if we would just talk about this all The time, honestly. So when he was 15, his mother sent him to live with his father in LA who, and his father had a new wife and stepson. And so he lasted a month there. And then his father sent him to live with his grandparents, who are the father's parents on a 17 acre farm in North Fork, California. Which is, that Sounds nice. It actually is it, it butts up right against the Sierra's. Right near Yosemite. I Was gonna say, how awful is to send your kid away to someone, but that sounds fucking like a nice vacation.


Pretty nice. And also like, if you have a kid that's troubled, quote unquote. Yeah. Put him to work. Send him to a farm. Get him out there. Right. Teach Him some fucking responsibility. Well it turned out that the grandmother was also domineering. Oops. And the grandfather had early stages of dementia. Oh My God. So there was already some drama happening. Oh, this Guy had no chance. I mean, yeah, he had his own 22. So he shot rabbits and gophers and even though his grandmother told him not to, birds Wait and gophers are fine, but birds are off limits. Well, because gophers rabbits. Oh, you can eat them. Yeah. They eat the, if it's a working farm. I see. They eat the vegetables, bunnies, birds do too though.


But they're beautiful. Anyway, so that's summer. He was sent back to Helena to stay with his mother. Oh my God. But then he came back after two weeks. So it was basically, nobody wanted the giant scary guy around. And he was only 15. Can You Believe it? I know. It's like so unfair though. It's like, I Feel really bad for him. It's lots of rejection and lots of criticism and like, he already clearly had something going on mentally and then everyone was just like, this Is the point where maybe you can intervene. But it didn't happen. Right. Quite the opposite. Right. It said that Ed's grandmother feared him enough that she took her 45 with her anytime she left the house, so that Ed wouldn't be near it.


Oh No, The 22 is fine. Yeah. I'm taking that 45. Yeah. So basically one day he decides he's gonna shoot his grandmother on the back of the head. And when police ask him why, he said, I wanted to see what it felt like to kill grandma. So he's, he's flipped over into a next level because He doesn't understand the finality of that at all by saying, if you say that you don't understand. Well Yeah. He's like, I'm testing out to see what, what it's gonna feel like as opposed to being able to walk through that. Like, I wanted her to die. This Will feel really bad. Yeah. And everyone's gonna feel bad. So he shot her in the back of the head. He was pretending like he was leaving the house.


Took, picked up the, his 22 walked out. She saw the weird look in his eye. And then how do you know that he stood outside? I, this is according to him, he stood outside watching her from the porch and then shot her through the screen door in the Back bed. Oh, at the back bed. What's that? Oh my God. So then he waited for his grandfather to get home from the store and then shot him because he didn't, he didn't, he knew his grand-father would be upset and angry. So he didn't wanna have to deal with that. So he just killed the grandfather too. You did not have a fucking Right, right. Mind man. No. 'cause then the next thing he did was call his mom and say, This isn't a murderous, this is someone who doesn't have access to reality.


Yeah. I think this is like the beginnings of being a psychopath or like having some kind of a break, like A dissociative. Let's just throw some, Let's make sure that, Throw that terminology around. We're professional sy psychological. Right. That's so, so he calls his mother and she says, call the sheriff. So he calls the sheriff, tells them what he did, sits on the front porch and waits for the cops to come. And that's when they got that quote of, I wanted to see what it'd be like to kill grandma. He also, after he shot his grandma, stabbed her several times with a knife. Whoa. Yeah. So he wanted to kill her.


That's different. Yeah. Feel that. Wow. Just shot the grandpa though. So then the police were shocked and he was committed to a tescadero state hospitals, a mental, it's kind of a famous mental hospital up northern California. He was diagnosed with a paranoid schizophrenia, but he was tested with a near genius iq. Yeah. And in the mental hospital, he learned how to mask his insanity. So he basically got along blended and he did, he did really well with structure. Yeah. And when, when people were in charge of him, but not mean unjudgmental of him, he worked, it worked very well for him. Yeah. So he learned, he became a, a runner for one of the doctors, like an assistant to one of the doctors.


And that actually enabled him. He, like the doctor trusted him that much, but that enabled him to read the doctor's files. So he memorized the answers to psychological tests that he saw in the files. And so he basically learned what to say to sound like a normal person. That's smart. And he learned it out of reading it off of tests. So he would read all the psychological tests, see what the correct answers were, and basically that way. Yeah. So after four years, those doctors at Tescadero deemed abnormal enough to reenter society four years after killing both his grandparents. No. And it was in, so he Never even got tried.


What's That? He never went to trial for these murders? No, no. Straight to the mental hospital. That's crazy. So in 1969, the California Youth Authority released him back into the care of his mother. Klar was Her first name. Can you imagine being like, oh well my kid's back home. Yeah. I guess the murderer is home. Yeah. Even though the doctor said he can't go live with his mother, that's where they sent him. Wow. So now he was in the hospital for four years. So it was between 1965 and 1969 when the cultural revolution took place. And it took place in basically the, the eye of the storm was San Francisco Bay Area. Yeah. And that's, they lived right outside it.


So sex, drugs and rebellion were the order of the day. Clearly. I was just typing what the narrator was saying on this. 'cause I would never say Anything that sounds really casual, Karen. Like That they were the order of the day. They were The little sex drugs and Sex drugs. So Ed wanted to, Ed's reaction to that was he wanted to become a cop. He didn't like any of it. He wasn't down with the hippies. He wasn't, I Could do that because he liked the order. He liked order and he liked and he wanted to be in charge. So Maybe he was trying, The problem was he's too big to be a cop. Shut up. There's actually regulation against that size of person. Police. Do you Know what makes me feel safe? A fucking six foot nine cop. Yes, true. But then also six nine cop can basically do whatever he wants at all times.


Yeah. Maybe that's part of it. I, any or he wouldn't fit into the car. I Don't know. Any cop could do it every, he wants all The time. The pants would be too short. He would be a laughing stock. Aw. So instead he became a construction worker and he hung out. He lived in Santa Cruz and he hung out at, at a bar called the jury room, where cops and lawyers went and off and hung out. So, Oh my God, can we go there right now? He basically like w hung among them. And they all kind of knew him as big Ed. So after a while from being a construction worker, I think he also worked for Caltrans, which is basically the guy on the side of the road. He saved up moves outta his mother house, mother's house in Santa Cruz and moved to Alameda, which was 90 minutes away.


But they have a good flea market there in Alameda. Oh, I'm gonna go. So when he was living by himself, he felt angry, awkward, and lonely. I don't know if those things had anything to do with each other, but he, that's how he felt in the world. So he started picking up female hitchhiker, practicing how to get them into his car, practicing what to say to them to get them into his car, practicing what to talk to them about. Once they were in his car, he picked, picked up over 150 hitchhiker as practice. Holy shit. And then he decided he was gonna fix the passenger side door. So it couldn't be opened from the inside.


I can't believe there were that many hitchhikers to pick up. 1969. Yeah. Yeah. That's all anyone was doing. That's back when it was like, celebrated. Jesus. So he practiced for long enough. So in the spring of 1972, he finally decided he was gonna go to the next level. He picked up Marianne Peshy and Anita Luchea, who were students at Fresno State. And they were hitchhiking to Stanford to see friends after a weekend in Berkeley. But they never made it. And this was the time of course, when police never looked into missing persons cases. Especially that of young women because of the amount of runaways and transients there were. So they, they're according to cops, girls ran away all the time and they would always show up later because they were with their boyfriend or they were with their friends.


So there were, it was almost that like these fucking hippie kids, like, I don't wanna hear about it. Yeah. We're not gonna waste our time. Yeah. That was the mentality. So, so Ed drove these two girls to an isolated spot. He made Anita get into the trunk and then he put a bag over Marianne's head to suffocate her. She fought back. She bit a hole into the bag. And then he beca, he never thought that anybody would fight back. He became enraged and he stabbed her repeatedly. Then he got out and went into the trunk and slit and eat his throat. Oh no. But because the fighting like that wasn't the kill that he fantasized about.


So he took their body at you're need to brace yourself for this part. Are you scared he took their bodies back to his apartment and raped their corpses? No. And then he dismembered them and he put their body parts into plastic bags and left those bags all around the bay area. Can you imagine that? That's the first time you really, like you killed your, you killed someone by shooting them before but the first time you and stabbing. Right. And it was your grandparents. Yes. Yeah. But like raping a corpse. I mean Dismemberment. That's not an easy thing to fucking do. No, it's hideous. But you know, he was fantasizing and they talked in this, this documentary about that how much serial killers fantasize about what they're going to do.


Oh my God. So then he had fantasized about it all happening in the car. But since that got fucked up, this was like this weird plan B improv that he was doing that then became his mo. Wow. So two months later, hikers found Marianne's head in the mountains and that was the only evidence ever found of the two women. Shut the fuck up. It was the only thing they ever found. So in September of that year, so this, that was spring. So like five months later he picks up 15-year-old hitchhiker iko coup honey. Don't do It. She was 15. She was, I think they said she was half Korean and half like Romanian or something.


She was a dancer. She's on her way to dance class. Aww. So she was really small. Honey, Don't fucking hitchhike a dance class. Ridiculous dude. Ride your goddamn bike And you're tiny and you're 15. Like all of these things No. Are so much. No, no. He picks her up. He drives her to an isolated location. But when he tells her he's, this is a kidnapping, she loses her shit and it becomes hysterical. So to calm her down, he says that he was going to kill himself and take her with him. But now he's changed his mind. And then he gets out to get something in the trunk and the door shuts and locks behind him. Girl. So now she's in inside his locked car and he is locked out.


Yes. But he convinces her to open the door. No, but this is, this is, this is him practicing on those 150 girls. This is a person who's figured out with his genius IQ how to get what he wants. How To manipulate people. Yep. Oh my God. And how to tell them exactly what they specifically wanna hear and need to hear. God dammit. So anyway, he suffocates her until she's unconscious. He puts tape over her mouth and then holds her nose closed. So he is like up close into this, the killing, you know, horribly.


Then he raped her and strangled her with her own scarf and they put her dead body in the trunk and then went to a bar for a couple of beers. Who did? He did. Oh Yeah. Okay. He did. You said they And I wasn't sure. No, no, sorry. Then. Then he takes the body back to his apartment and it's the same thing. Dismembers and scattering her remains all over The Bay area. So because a serial killer is a person who's killed three or more people on three or more occasions with a cooling off period in between crimes, this kill officially makes him a serial killer. Wow. So the next day he had a state man dated meeting with his psychiatrist and her head was in his trunk.


Holy fuck. During that meeting. And he made such an impression on the psychiatrist that they decided he didn't need to see a psychiatrist anymore the day After he murdered this girl. Yeah. He had to be good at what He did, you know? Yeah. So to make matters worse, at the same time there was another serial killer named Herbert Mullen that was operating in the Santa Cruz area at the exact same time. What? And this was the guy that was killing people because he thought it was keeping that big earthquake from happening. Did you ever hear of this guy? No. The, I think he deserves his own episode, but I, Yeah, he was, he he killed hitchhikers. He killed, he shot an old man in his yard.


He killed, was killed a mother and a child. He, yeah. And he was complete. Yeah, he was. Had no idea what was going, you Gotta do that one, please. Yeah. So that guy got arrested in 1973 and the police thought, oh great, that's, this is all over now that's, he should Have just stopped killing then. And he wouldn't have ever gotten caught. I know. But he couldn't do it Four months after his third murder, he was now broke. So he moved in back in with his mother. Yeah. Come on back home. Yeah. That's gonna work out good. So this is January 8th, 1972. His mother, he and his mother argue all day. He goes out, buys a gun, and then he picks up hitchhiker Cindy Shaw.


And according to him, this is the way he tells the story, that he drives her to a re remote location, shows her the gun, then gets out of the car to open the trunk. And in he leaves the gun in the car with her. And instead of grabbing it, she follows him back to the trunk and says, my what a big trunk do you want me to get in it? Which to me is, it's his version of the story. Yeah. Right. Because he has talked and talked like they have hours and hours of his confession. My what? A big trunk. My what? A big trunk. You have grand. So she gets into the trunk and he shoots her once in the head, or he does what he did before, which is weird.


Strangles her, she's in the trunk, she's got a bullet in her head. He brings the body back to his mother house, mother's house has sex with the court. Dismembers her body in his mother's bathtub. And mar buries her head in his mother's backyard. Throws the rest of the body into the ocean. But she's discovered 24 hours later, so most of her body parts wash back up on shore. So a month later he has another fight with his mother. And then he goes out for a drive. And this time he picks up two uc, Santa Cruz students, Rosalyn Thorpe and Alice Liu. And all of the students, all the female students.


'cause he was now called the co-ed killer. And so all the students at uc, Santa Cruz were all the female students were warn do not hitchhike, do not take rides from strangers. But his car, it was his mother's car. So it had a uc, Santa Cruz parking sticker on it. Oh shit. His mother worked at uc, Santa Cruz. So they thought it was safe. Yeah. But it's not like that a person who goes to your school couldn't be a killer too, you know? Yeah. But they're all thinking, it's like, yeah, I mean Like a psycho killer. Well, it is. But Yeah, he shot them. It's the exact same thing. Shot them, raped their bodies, dismembered them, scattered their remains. Then he decides he's gonna buy a 44.


He needs a new gun. So a routine police background check brings up his name. And the police, when they look him up, it's just an index card that says double murder. So, so they put, his records were sealed. 'cause he was a teenager. Right. So they put a hold on the gun purchase. Oh, what a great idea. To put a hold on. Gun purchases for people who have mental illnesses. Oh no, sorry. I'm sorry. They couldn't put a hold on it. He'd already bought it. So they Oh nevermind. They go to confiscate it. So they show up at his house. But it's big ed. They know Big Ed. Oh, there's no problem. It's big Ed. He goes to The jury room, he hangs out with us. Yeah. He's a, he's a good friend of ours. So, and they assure him it's just a, it's just a formality.


Thank you. A formality. But Ed got paranoid 'cause he was like there onto me. And so he ran. So he, well he, sorry, this is the, this is the big one. So he's paranoid. I'm sure the cops were on him. So on April 21st, 1973, he decides he's going to kill his mother. So he, That's the solution to everything. Right? It's, that's gonna big his, his big finale. So his mother's sleeping and he goes into her bedroom with a claw hammer beats her to death with a hammer. Fuck. Decapitates her has sex with her corpse, Not chill.


Puts her vocal cords in The garbage disposal. I mean like Symbolic as fuck. Yes. And he talked about it. It's si And like I saw like, probably 10 seconds of him talking about it. It's just, it's not, it's not anybody worth listening to. It's just like a person who thinks it's great when they're telling you think it's Great, not just like normal, but thinks it's Great, thinks it's cool, thinks it's like, holy. That's, that's pretty ironic, isn't it? You know, like it's this kind of, there's like a swagger to it. Yeah. That you just wanna, so, so then he decides that it's going to look like he did it. So a way to make it not look like that is he calls up his mother's best friend. Sally Hallett invites her over to a surprise dinner, quote unquote.


And when she gets there, he chokes her to death. Oh yeah. And so when the cops find both of their bodies, he's in his mind, they're gonna think it's a break-in. And it's has nothing to do with that. That's his thinking. And then he goes on the run. So he jumps in his car, he drives east and he, they were still looking for the co-ed killer. They in no way were looking for him. Yeah. They had no idea. He drives for three days. He hears no news on the radio about himself or using his name or anything. And by the time he gets to Pueblo, Colorado, he calls the Santa Cruz police and confesses. 'cause he's so mad that they're not talking about him. And what like, and that he was wrong.


And so the, the Santa Cruz police have to drive out to Pueblo, Colorado to pick him up. And they said when he, oh, the, the Pueblo police said when they went out, like the Santa Cruz police had the Pueblo cops go pick him up. When they went and picked him up to arrest him, he put his hands on top of the phone booth. God, that's how big he Was. Oh my God. Oh My God. Yeah. I just can't get it. I can't deal with it. How? Six foot nine. Horrifying. It is. He's just a humongous monster. Vince Is like six four and he is very fucking tall. Yeah. And he's five inches taller. Yeah. That's insane. It's very tall. So on the whole drive back, the Santa Cruz police have to listen to his confession.


Holy Shit. And He talked, they said there's one cop, it was like his, one of his first cases ever. He said he talked until I couldn't listen to it anymore. It was so upsetting. And he just wanted to talk about all of it. Yeah. Gave every detail of every single thing. So basically he tries to plead insanity. The jury declares sane and guilty of all eight murders. He is eight counts of murder. He asks, when he gets goes to jail, he asks for a lobotomy. No way. And the authorities say, no, it's too dangerous. But he's basically trying to suggest like cut off the connections between this idea and like the action or like, get this out of my head. I Weirdly think a lobotomy would've helped him.


I mean it would've just rendered him like a vegetable basically. Yeah. He would've just been a bigger pain to deal with. Like to, he wouldn't have been able to do anything for himself. Yeah. Probably. He was once quoted an interview. What do you think now when you see a pretty girl walking down the street? And he answered one side of me says, wow, what an attractive chick. I'd like to talk to her date. Her. The other side of me says, I wonder how her head would look on a stick. Holy Fuck. Yeah. And that's actually in Brett Easton Ellis's book, American Psycho. Patrick Bateman paraphrases this quote when he's asked about women, but he attributes it to Ed gain. But it's actually an Ed Kemper quote.


And also in Silence of the Lambs, Thomas Harris wrote that Buffalo Bill started his career as a serial killer by impulsively killing his grandparents as a teenager. Oh. Which was based on Ed Kemper. Neat. Bummer. Co-ed killer. It's so weird that it's like such close by stuff, you know? Yeah. Like close to us in Santa Cruz is like, not far. What? Oh, it's so scary. Yeah. Gross. It's funny that we both did serial killers this time. I Know. Hmm. We're getting deep now. Well, I mean, yeah. We have to say one thing that made us happy this past week, but it's Monday so it hasn't been that longs Damn.


I mean, I'm gonna have to say pole dark. When pole dark Ross Pollar takes off his shirt to swim in the ocean to clean off the mine dust. It's like the most beautiful thing you've ever seen. That sounds cool. I think mine was, we went, last night we went to the the new Beverly Theater, which is like really, it's owned now by Quentin Tarantino. But it's this really cool art house theater that's been around forever. Quentin Tarantino bought it to like Save It, which I love him for. And they were playing the 1950s version of Dracula. And we went with Joe OSA's parents who we were talking about from the pod, his podcast and like met them and they were the sweetest people ever.


And it was like, just such a nice, nice thing that someone wants you to meet their parents as an adult, which like doesn't really happen anymore. Yes. And it was a cool movie and And they were fun to hang out with, right? Yeah. They were The best. And they, and then knew Beverly has frozen Junior mints, like as a thing you can buy. What? Like, 'cause they know that that people like Them. I didn't know that. Yeah. And Frozen Junior Mints are like a family favorite. Yeah. They, they have them frozen Junior Mints and frozen Snicker bars there you can get genius because they're just like, yeah. And they have fucking White Castle burgers. You can get there too. Like Are you serious? They're frozen and they heat 'em up. But Also the New Beverly is the best popcorn of all movie theaters. Best popcorn. And it's so cheap there. Like they, they have the movie theater candy prices from the eighties.


Is that true? Yes. We bought so much shit and they were like, they were like $50 and this much and I handed them 50 and they were like, no 50. And I almost lost my mind. And so I ended up giving the guy a fifth a $5 tip. That's right. Because, because I was just like, take it all And normal theaters, you're like, yeah, this is going to cost me $85 Fortune. Yeah. It's the best. That's yeah. Go. If you live in LA you should absolutely support the new Beverly. It's awesome. And they have Just the best, they'll have Deborah double features of like the coolest movies. Yeah. April and I went there to see, 'cause she's obsessed with Elvis and we went to see Elvis's concert film. Wow. That I'm not gonna be able to remember the name of. And it was so fun. And everyone there was super into it.


It it's like, it's it its feels like an event. Yeah. When you Go there. You know what? It's better than is going to a fucking, the cemetery movie screening where you have to sit outdoors in the freezing cold, on the freezing cold like grass and watch a movie on the I don't need to do that. Go to fucking go to the new Beverly, then go down the street to El Coyote. Get great fucking margaritas. Yeah. Life is good. Good times. Yeah. Okay, we're back. Wow. Wow. Karen, do you have any updates on this old case? Well, a couple. I mean, it is really old. It's one of the most famous serial killer cases as we know. As anyone listening probably knows.


And as we've seen since the Mindhunter era, right now I'm speaking to David Fincher and David Fincher. Only listen to me. The people that care want that season three of Mind Hunter. We do. And you need to take your Power Fincher and Use it Vinci, Come on man. Get your Shit. Get off of Netflix and go to Hulu with that third season Please. We need it. We need it. Sorry. This is back to everybody else. Here's some updates. Ed Kemper has spent the last 50 years serving his life sentence. Now he's confined to a wheelchair. He has diabetes, he has coronary heart disease. He had a stroke years ago.


He's been denied parole 12 times. After his last parole hearing, Santa Cruz district attorney Jeff Rosell, testified to the parole board that Ed Kemper is still dangerous. This is the quote, Ed Kemper is still dangerous. He remains a high risk wow. And quote, he is untreated. He's essentially the same man as when he went in for this end quote. Wow. Yeah. Are you with me? That like, I would've guessed he wasn't alive anymore. That's Completely wild. Also, I feel like we, like we would've heard from him more like we heard from Charles Manson Every now and again, we haven't heard anything. That is the weird part. And I know that like, this is the thing where if you talk about serial killers too long, you kind of go into a, you know, as if you are the scientist that knows the psychology behind this or anything.


But I always thought it was really interesting because Ed Kemper went to like the story behind like relationship with his mother and that so much about that child abuse, very real child abuse and the relationship with his mother and all those things. And then when he went to jail, not kind of separate from the conversation of him being a whole, one of the worst serial killers there is, he went to jail and then he started reading audio books for the blind. And he has Yeah. Apparently read over like 5,000 hours of audio books for the blind. It was a, a refinery 29 article about the fact that someone discovered that he had been doing that. So Like they're, they're out there. Oh yeah. And we don't know it's him.


Yeah. And it's essentially a program he started in jail. Cut the fuck. And he, the quote in that article was that it made him feel better that he was doing something constructive for other people. I don't think that's the, the way psychopaths think. Yeah. No, that's confounding for sure. But who knows? Or maybe it was just like, this is his plan to make it look like he's doing good things to get out. I don't know. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. Here's what's really important. Cameron Britton, who was the actor that played Ed Kemper on Mind Hunter so brilliantly, who was also from the town next to Petaluma, right. Sebastopol. He was our guest on our live show in LA that had 7,000 people at it for Halloween.


And he was the loveliest human being. She was So wonderful. Yeah. Yeah. That was very surreal and exciting. Yeah. That's what we're gonna focus on. And at the end of that story Yeah. Is the actors who play. Yeah. Okay. So if we were naming it today based on something we said in the episode, I think kind of Lokos works. Yeah. But what else could we do? There was me talking about lint traps. Of course. Always. And so the phrase hint of lint was used. Yes. Very important to remember. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like scream sneezing and lint trap cleaning have been two really good lessons. We've taught people. Yeah. The mansion of Corners, you, we could call it after we had a few different corners in the intro Correction corner and blah, blah, Blah corner.


The mansion of corners. There's so many corners in this house. It's huge that it's a mansion. It's Huge. I get it. Okay. Yeah. I think so. And then I guess the phrase that's on you, mommy, when we're talking about that, you need to make your kids listen. Yeah. The parent. It's the parent's fault. I like, that's on you mommy. That's on you, mommy. I mean, I, that was a really good episode. Yeah, That's a big one. That's a good one. We're doing great. We're only, we're in our stride in episode, what is this, 39? Yeah. We're, that's finally Look at 10. It took 10 months. That's our advice to you if you're trying, if you're starting your podcast. Yeah. Give yourself 10 months to really work out some really serious kinks. Totally. And remember that what you're saying into the microphone is going to go out into the internet forever.


Yeah. And in nine years you're gonna have to listen to it and like explain yourself. Yeah. So don't forget that either. Explain your hysteria lady. Yeah. All right. Well, thanks for listening. We're here every Wednesday doing these rewinds of our old episodes, so if you're starting to get into the podcast, it's a great way to do it. Yeah. Thank you guys for listening. We appreciate you. Stay Sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye. Bye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah,


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.