
This is exactly right. Growing up, Melissa had the perfect life until she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face


killer Experience, a thrilling new Paramount plus original series inspired by a true life story. Now, when Melissa's father confesses to a new murder, she must choose between protecting her secret and risking everything to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face. New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus


at the Hyundai Getaway Sales event. Get deals. So right, it almost feels wrong.


Now's the best time to get that Hyundai car or SUV you've always wanted. Plus, every new Hyundai comes with America's best warranty and three years, or 36,000 miles of limited complimentary maintenance. Don't Think you can get away with all that. Think again, but don't Wait. The Hyundai Getaway Sales Event is going on now. So visit your local Hyundai dealer today. It's A great day for a new Hyundai.


Goodbye. This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show.


The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For liability, get into Tundra. With available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello And Welcome To Rewind with Karen and Georgia. This, If you don't know, is our Wednesday episode. It's new, and we recap our old shows. We give you updates on them, new commentary from 10 years later. I mean, you know the whole thing. It's like a recap show, but you're doing it to yourself. You just keep doing it to yourself. Yeah. Today we're revisiting episode 27, which is a really fun one. It's titled Your Hometown Murder Email. Round Up. Who Thought of that? What a great title. And this was the episode that paved the way for our mini episodes where we tell you your hometowns. 'cause guess what? They never stopped coming in. I mean, nine years. Nine Years. We love it.


If you have one, send it to My favorite murder at Gmail, not my personal email account that I gave out in the beginning of this show. Yeah, That's right. What's your new email? My favorite murder at Gmail. This episode was originally released on Thursday, July 28th, 2016. So push your earbuds in a little deeper because now we can all be day one listeners. Okay. Here's the intro of episode seven. Hi. Welcome To My Favorite Murder. That's Karen. I hate, you know, let's start over. I hate that, But we're leaving it in. But let's say, let's start over. Okay. Let's start over. Oh, Welcome To my favorite.


Welcome To my favorite. Oh, this is so bad. It's, it's just uncomfortable to start a podcast. I think anyone listening understands that. Yeah. It's uncomfortable to pretend while you're sitting in your friend's apartment that you suddenly have some kind of official, right. Like it's as if we're on the radio. Well, you and I have been talking pretty mellow Mellowly The past in mellow manner, past 15 Minutes. That's, and then suddenly break in face to face into like newscaster voice is weird. Hey, Georgia. Karen. What's up girl? How are you? What's your murdery day been like?


My day has been murderous and then I just throw myself off a balcony. Let's start over. That's so, Welcome To My favorite Murder, the podcast that answers the question, should you talk about murders? The answer is no. We already know the answer. Click, Goodbye, al. I just murdered my toes. What were you going to say? I Was going to say that I watched two episodes of Marcella Rock. You know when it's like, I know one of them is wrong and I don't know which one. No, no, no. I'm laughing. 'cause the people on the show say Marcella. Right. That's one of the things about it is it's like she keeps correcting them. Yeah. I wasn't in Noah.


You did not like it. I Need you to talk me through it. Well, if you didn't like it, you didn't like it. I just really didn't. I thought she wasn't belie. It wasn't believable to me that she was so crazy. I'm not gonna give anything away. It's this British procedural crime drama. Yeah, we've talked about it. I know. But maybe someone's new here. Oh, true. True, true, true, true, True, true. Are you new? Are you new? Are you new? I mean, I don know. I just liked it, but, but also I really do like as long as it's new and British. Yeah. You Specifically like those. I really do. Are you? I think they do crime. Procedurals great. Yeah. I think that I am less interested.


You don't like drama per Se? I'm like slow. Yeah, they're very slow. I don't like slow and that I don't like, I can't understand your accent half the time, so I'm not following. And also you're driving on the wrong side of the road. Oh my God. And why are you drinking tea? Like seven times a day in Addition. What the fuck? Let's vow to never do those voices again. Oh my God. Never. Except for our real voices, which sound a lot like that. Which which we don't wanna admit actually sound Existing. Like sound kind of exact. I will recommend this, although it is off topic of the direct murder topic. I've been watching Stranger Things, which new? I was just gonna Bring it up. Really love It.


Two episodes in. Love it. So good. Love it. And as a person who grew up in the eighties, like those houses, it's a new Netflix series if you haven't seen it, called Stranger Things. It's very popular. People are loving it. One on writer, writer is a star. Very proud to see her there. Hometown girl. One on a writer, and it's so good. She's great. Yep. It's really fun. But that, like the friend Barb, the first time the main girl's friend Barb from school showed, Oh my God, Barb is the best. Barb's the best. And Barb's hair, glasses and clothes to a person today. You're like, what the fuck? That's exactly what everybody looked like. She could not be more on point. The on Pointiest point person in the eighties, Young girls dressed like they were doing a middle-aged secretary cosplay.


Yeah. And I don't know why middle aged, it's like we didn't have a choice. Have Had divorced mother of three cosplay. My friend Heidi, Lily, God rest her soul, had a pair of glasses that were tinted pink on the bottom and blue on the top. Oh, wow. In seventh grade. So it looked like she was wearing blush and eyeshadow and I was obsessed with them. You know What's so weird is you can tell, you can tell how they got hot. Yes. You know what I mean? Yes. Like you can tell how then later in the eighties, early nineties, maybe in their early forties, they suddenly got super hot. Yeah. But they, but then they show the dude that they're dating or the lady they're dating their photo from high school and you're all like, what the fuck?


Yeah. But I did, I do want her clothes. Like that's my style. Her clothes. Yes. That's a nice high neck. Like a ruffle, neck collar blouse. Made of polyester. There were a lot of like matching vests. They look in the early Eighties, they all look like they have too many layers on. Yes. Anyways, there was, there were tons of layers. That show was great. It's a great show. Watch that. And I'm sure there's somebody out there that's watched the whole thing and gone. Yeah. You're day late and a dollar short. Good fairs. Fair play. I don't think it's fair. I think it's unfair that we can talk. We can talk about it. And I'm like super excited about it. And other people are like, I'm, I finished it and I, I have so many questions about like, you know, like who's this? Who's that? What happened here? What happened there? Because you haven't finished it.


Yeah. Yeah. The Kid Without Teeth. Oh Yeah. Love him. He's, he's a spinoff in and of himself. Oh my God. He's a great actor. You know what I love about that is the opening credits. Yes. They could not be more eighties. They're so dead on. They're so not Unsolved Mysteries. But what was the other one? The like imaginary stories or someone's yelling it at home and I know they're Yeah. What? It's not, it was like creepy stories. Knock Tales from the Crypt. No, But it was like that. Creepy Stories. Creepy Stories. I don't know. Anyway, it's great.


I love how dated this is that we're talking about the first season of Stranger Things The first season. That was an epic season. First season. Well, I mean like it's the reason it got so big, and it is what it is, is 'cause like, man, it was just so good. It was like, what are we looking at? This is such a good idea. It felt good. It was good. The sweaters were great. And Winona Ryder coming back. Juanna Hometown Hero. Oh Yeah, that's right. She's your hometown girl. Yeah, she is. Love her. This is really funny. We talk about a Rolling Stone article that ran about us. That's, Isn't it crazy that 26 episodes in, we had a rolling, we were in Rolling Stone. Like I remember feeling elated, like Yeah, I read Rolling Stone as a kid.


Oh Yeah. I was obsessed. And that was such a moment for me. Yeah, I bet. You know, I'm sure. I was like, Ooh, this seems like a bad idea. But what's crazy is Aaron Brown, who helps us produce these rewind episodes and works on them a lot. And of course Alison, they tried to find this article, they cannot find it. Hmm. And they're like, we don't understand. But it's not online. Like things, we need someone to search It. Things don't disappear from the internet. So What we're thinking Yeah. Is, Hey, if you listener can find this article we're talking about in this episode and you write in and show it to us, you will win a free sweatshirt.


Okay. Of your choosing. Oh, I love that. Right from us though. Not like Land's End or whatever. Oh no. It's gonna be one of my old sweatshirts that I was gonna, you gonna choose one of Karen's old sweatshirts? I have one that says sardines on the front of it. That's pretty cool. That sounds good. I cut the bottom off. That's so Gen Z of you. Right? I'm trying to get in there with the 20 year olds. I think it'll work great. It's Gonna happen. All right, let's get into the episode. This is really cool because we had the idea to read Hometowns, which is now fucking legendary Monday episode. Oh my God. Where we just read you your hometowns. If you guys like skip those, somehow you are missing out on some of those beautiful stories. Ugh. Beautiful. Terrifying, heartwarming, hilarious, weird fucking stories.


It's become its own monster. The Mini SOS are a Joy. And I think sometimes people are like, oh no, I'm just a hardcore true prime listener. Yeah. And it's like, yeah, but this is adjacent in the perfect way where it starts out as people telling their hometowns. But then we got people to kind of tell us stories about their grandma and about this and about that. And now it is just good Stories. Yeah. And I think it's also, I hear from people saying, I don't like true crime, so I only listen to The mini. So Yeah. So it's kind of great for like your mom on a road trip or something like that. Right. You know where, Or like my sister who has never listened to one episode of this podcast. Perfect. Okay. So let's kick this off. In this hometown, Karen reads a story from a listener named Charlotte.


Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends, Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret, he was the notorious happy face killer.


On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus.


There are probably a billion furniture options out there. We didn't count, but that number feels right. So how do you find the perfect piece? Easy? You go to article. Article believes in delightful design for every home. And thanks to their online only model, they have some really delightful prices too. Article Makes furniture shopping a breeze with its carefully selected styles from mid-century modern to boho and everything in between. Check Out their nearer dresser. It's beautiful and practical, which is a deadly combination. You know, we're hard stands of article on this podcast. Everyone knows that we're like BFFs. I mean, we couldn't rave more. And It's because everything is so classy, so beautifully made, affordable, and so user friendly. Like you don't have to have style to like get stylish stuff from article. They do it for you. So like there's no worry there. Look at that nearer dresser on their website. Just go and take a look at that one piece and you will see what we are talking about. It is as mid-century as you could get. Seriously. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or More to claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more.


Goodbye. Goodbye. There are


a lot of things that help you feel at peace. A cup of tea, a great playlist, Roasting a troll on the internet. Ooh. But the best thing for your peace of mind is knowing that your home is protected with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe, millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional Security systems only take action after someone is broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard, outdoor protection simply saves monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. I mean, now SimpliSafe is offering AI technology that can read faces so your alarm isn't gonna be going off because you know, a raccoon walked by and sat on your front porch for a little while. Yeah. I turn my on even when I go to walk Cookie, like mine is always on. Right. Will they know about your neighbor that you don't wanna talk to though? I don't, I don't think that's something we can ask for. But I, in this day and age, that's the kind of technology that for a dollar a day you're getting a bargain. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash f aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Goodbye. Let's Start. Okay. Starts the podcast. Well, you know what we're gonna do This week? Everybody Skippers, come Back. Very special episode. Today's a very special episode because we have a Gmail inbox filled with hundreds of hometown murders. Hundreds. Hundreds, Hundreds. So we've, we decided we're gonna dig in as we have been promising to do for a long time, and just start reading some of them. Yeah. So This is a long form hometown murder episode. And it's good because there's a lot of good murders in there. We're just gonna, you're just gonna get a bunch of minis Yeah. At once for your buck.


Yeah. And we absolutely didn't text each other this morning and say, I can't, I don't have time to find a murder. And The other one, I can't do this homework. I have A job today. Yeah. For one day of my life, It's a hundred degrees outside. It's, I can't be expected to look on Wikipedia For 10 minutes, find our murder. Oh, no. What about all the people who are finding us? And this is their first episode they listed. Guys, hang in there. Don't give up. Yeah. Start from the beginning. Yeah. Start from the beginning and then let, let the love build a little bit. Yeah. Before you get to this kind of, what is this episode? 27. 27? Yeah. Last was 26. Six. Six. Yeah, that's right. 27. That's weird.


It's just Weird. I, I like that. We always know what episode, how many episodes we've done based on just because that's what we call them. Yeah, that's right. So I, I got a bunch. So people, people who start the podcast from the beginning don't know that. And we didn't have a My favorite murder gmail then. Right. So they're, they send them to my email address So you don't see them. Oh, Okay. These are your private hometown murders. Yeah. Okay. And I know that they are not deep into the podcast when they send that, send them to my account, but Right. I also hide them from you, so we're Good. Okay. I like I to have secrets. You know that about me. I Don we love secrets. We Love them. Do you, why don't you start, okay. Someone said, someone on the Facebook page is like, I love the way you guys don't know who's supposed to go first.


You're so off every week. Yes. When I'm like, it's your turn to start. Really? Yeah. We're never right. You're Never right. Guys, as much as we love doing this podcast, it's not like we're that interested in it. There Was a great, there was a Rolling Stone article. Thank you very much. Rolling Stone. Oh, that's right. That said, like, they're not big on facts. There's a, they say themselves, there's a reason they're in the comedy category. Yeah. But hey, guess what? Rolling Stone. You can, you can throw stones at Glasshouse is all you want. But you spelled my name right at the top of the article and misspelled it in the middle. So guess what? You can go fuck yourself. Yeah. Go. Fuck. We, we were way off when we started this podcast by two people who are very complicated for some reason.


Last names. Yeah. Very compound. Sometimes Just two fucking words that everyone uses on a regular goddamn basis. And yet they just don't go next to each other according to everyone in the fucking world. And I understand mine are the combinations of ours. Yeah. There's, it's a question that no one's ever gotten it right. Did you see it once? And you read it and you're like, that's, that's how you read it. It. Well, if you're a copy editor and you check it once, you better get the second one check And they never got covered by Rolling Stone. Bye. That's called biting the Hand that feeds you. That's how this is. How That, that'd be. But All right. My first hometown murder is from someone named Charlotte and she says, hi George and Karen, I absolutely love the show.


I have told my sister about your podcast and she is now a huge fan also. Thank you. Thank you. If you have a sister and you haven't told her yet, oh, come on. It'll bring You guys together. Yeah. Instead of being mad at her for throwing a barbie at your head when you were six Lee. Lee Hard stark Lee, hard stark. That's going out To you. Then everything's fine. Instead of being mad at her for, for chasing you down the hallway and beating you with a brush. Laura killed Gareth all my life. We Should have our sisters do an episode one one week. My sister does not listen to this. And every time she's like, people keep telling me like she went to her high school reunion. She's like, Oh my God. People were telling me they like your podcast, but I don't even understand what you're doing.


Like she brings a, a level of disdain to everything. If they Can't, if your family can't watch it on TV and see your name on television, they don't think you're succeeding. Yeah. Doesn't in The industry doesn't, Doesn't count. No. However, You guys who listen and love, Hopefully Yeah. Thanks guys. Or listen and judge, I'll take anything. Love and judge. Same thing, Whatever. All right. So she said, many of the things you say are thoughts I have, but nobody but nobody to really tell them to. Yeah. That would understand. In parentheses. So when I first listened to your podcast, I was like, Oh my God, there are others out there. That's exactly right. Charlotte. I grew up in a small town of about 4,200 south of Kansas City, Missouri.


My sister babysat for a wonderful family. And when she went to college, I then filled in for her. So this would've been in 1979 or 1980. I was 13 or 14 years old. Oh, she'd like Stranger things. That's, that's her jam for sure. Sometimes my mom would come over and visit while I was babysitting. Just swing by and say hi, chat for a bit. This particular night my mom came over and by the time she left to go home, it was dark. Around 10 30 or so, I thought I heard a car door and thinking it was the couple I was babysitting for. I went and turned the front porch light on for them. They didn't come in. And so I thought, okay, I guess that was just another car in the neighborhood. It was around 1130 or 12 when they got home. And the husband of the couple took me home around 2:00 AM My dad Creepy.


Now that's creepy. No, that's creepy. Around 2:00 AM My dad comes in my room and wakes me up and says that there are two highway patrol officers downstairs and they want to talk to me. Describe my face right now, what The fuck George's eyes are as wide as they possibly could be. And she looks legitimately scared. I'm so excited. My first thought was, Oh my God. Something happened to one of the kids in their sleep or something like that. They told us that the next door neighbor, Lyle Norman. And then in parentheses, is it okay to give names? Yes. But yes. 'cause this is now a case. The next door neighbor, Lyle Norman of the house I was babysitting at, she means next door to the house she was babysitting at, had just been murdered in his house.


The same time I was babysitting next door That wasn't a car door, And asked if I heard or saw anything strange. Come to find out the man Lyle had just been on a cruise and stopped by a bar or a casino or something and picked up a guy and brought him home. Sorry. Trying to type this with two cats, trancing back and forth on my computer. I Get it. All right. Well, it doesn't. Anyway, this guy stabbed Lyle killing him and probably robbed him. And they think he left around the 10 30 ish time when I heard the car door. Aw. Thinking it was the couple I was babysitting for when I turned the frontward Lyle. I'm really glad I didn't go outside and see if it was the couple or not.


And I was just so thankful my mom hadn't run into the crazy guy when she went out to her car and that the kids were okay. That was so sad to hear Lyle been murdered. I think they ended up catching the guy. But if you search Lyle Norman Butler, Missouri, the story should pop up. That's un murderer's name. No, wait, that's, he's The guy I got Killed. No, he's, he's victim. Anyways, that's what I meant. Sounds like a victim. And then she's got a second one. You want me to read it? May I don't. Yes. One other quick story. My husband at the time, and I and my daughter lived out in the country in an old house, in an area where a battle occurred during the Civil War time. And my husband worked nights, so I let my daughter sleep with me in the middle of the night.


I hear one of her music boxes fucking playing. Nope, that's what she wrote. Fucking playing. I, it had been played long enough that it woke me up and I was pretty heavy sleeper back then. I'm flipping out, but laid really still in case it was someone robbing us or something. But then I thought, why would somebody wind up a music box? A minute or two later, I hear something fall on the ground in the other room. I laid awake forever, didn't wanna leave my daughter alone in bed and had my hand on this heavy lamp in case I needed it to protect me. And she with it. The next morning, I slowly walk into the next room where there's st. A sturdy coat rack that had a shelf above it that had books and heavy flower pot on it. The books were on the ground. The flower pot was still on the shelf.


No, there wasn't any way the cat could have gotten on the shelf. Then I go to my daughter's bedroom and see where her music boxes were that were all on a shelf that went along one wall and the shelf was up near the ceiling and an adult could reach it with a chair, but she couldn't have reached it and hadn't played with them in forever. Then we find a piece of raw chicken on a paper plate on the kitchen counter, and none of us put it there. What? No, I'm going to say ghost a friend built a house down the road years later and said they walked in their living room one evening and an old woman who was sitting in the rock chair. Nope. Bye Karen. It was nice knowing you. No, no doubt. The area is haunted. Raw Chicken though. That's like that suddenly took a turn for the eight.


Yeah. Raw chicken is, yeah. I'm not, maybe it was a cat. Maybe it was a really, really, really smart cat that loved music. Do you know, oh, go on. Sorry. Oh, the, She just ends it by saying last crazy thing. If you Google people in the 18 hundreds posing with dead bodies. Oh Yeah. Holy shit. That's fucked up. Anyway, take care. Stay sa safe. Thanks for letting me share Charlotte. She's good. Good job. Charlotte. Did, Did I ever tell you so I totally don't believe in ghosts. If they exist, fine. I'm not gonna argue it, but when I was a little kid, I was in bed, I had insomnia. It was like I woke up like three in the morning. I was lying there in bed and I saw, and we had like a, we had like a closet that like on roller doors.


Yes. And one just opened, one of the closets just opened While you were lying there looking at it. And I didn't have cats yet because my parents were still married and that wasn't a thing yet. So like, I just got all the courage in my life and ran to my parents' room. But I totally saw the, I saw it open. Oh My God. Okay, we're back. No updates on Charlotte's story. Charlotte, if you're listening, that's on you. You should have dropped us a line. Keep us posted. Now, if you have anything else to tell us about your story, We need updates. But thank you Charlotte. 'cause you were one of the early people that were like, oh, you want a story? I'll, I'll take some time and send it in.


This Is exactly what you want. You heard a sound, it meant nothing at the time, and then it turned out it meant fucking everything. And here's the story behind it. Like that is exactly what we want. Yeah. Any sound stories. What Do the sound mean? Okay, now here's George's first hometown from Samantha. M Okay, now you go. Okay, I'm gonna start, I'm gonna, here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna start, I'm gonna start mellow to keep you motherfuckers just stay around, because sometimes I'll read, I'll like tune into these podcasts. It's like I'll listener shit. And I'm like, oh, that's gonna be boring. Right? I came here to listen to you guys talk. Right. So no, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go slow. So wait, so you're starting, you're in fear that people think it's boring.


You're starting mellow. Is that true? That just make you wanna, you wanna catch 'em and they're all good. Okay. All right. I'm gonna, I'm gonna start. Good. I'm not questioning you, I'm just clarifying. You Are. But you are correct. Okay. Okay. Okay. I just wanna say that it's correct. So Samantha m says, so I have one of the creepiest hometown murder stories. At first, it never occurred to me. Then I remembered this horrible, quadruple murder that happened while growing up. I went to elementary, elementary junior in high school with these identical twins. Oh. They were grade older than me, so I never had a class with them. But it wouldn't have mattered anyway. They didn't associate with anyone from school, didn't go to parties, weren't allowed to go to dances, and didn't even speak to anyone besides each other.


Ew. They ate lunch alone at a table to themselves. Identical twins. Identical Twins. Oh, they were of Middle Eastern descent. So I assume their parents were simply strict. The odd thing about them, however, is that they dressed, and this is in all caps, identical every single day. The entire time I knew them. Oh, this beginning from kindergarten to graduation. And when I say identical, I mean everything from their hair bar to their watches. Socks and shoes match. Never missed a day. We know where this is going. Yeah. It was a golden retriever. They were both glue retrievers, You know, golden retrievers love to match. It was two golden Retrievers on each other's shoulders with a trench coat.


Anyways, we all graduated and never saw 'em again. Their parents were very wealthy. They lived in this gated community of, in the mansions of San Clemente. That's Orange County where I'm from. Very rich people where their mom's best friend lives. I actually, where my mom's best friend lives. Okay. I actually did my pictures for my wedding and got ready at her house, the mom's house, because it's so beautiful and overlooks the ocean. The girls were still living at home and attending college when this happened, family members approached police saying that they hadn't heard from the girls and their parents for a while. And it was unusual. The police did a per a per perimeter search and stated that maybe they had gone on vacation. Yeah. Wrong per protocol. They were not allowed to break in yet.


The next week, the family pester the police again, say, stating that this was highly unusual for them not to let anyone know. They had left, I believe it was two or more perimeter checks before police finally broke in. At which time the smell was so bad. They had, they had to have people come in with scuba masks. Oh No. The bodies were so badly decomposed. It took a while to find the cause of death. But they were able to determine that the entire family was wearing black. No evidence of a struggle was present. The girls were lying next to each other in bed. The grandmother was on a lounge chair and the parents were in their closet. Eventually they determined the girls and grandmother died of a prescription drug overdose. And the parents went in the closet where their mother shot the husband, where the mother shot the husband and then killed herself.


Oh my God. The whole thing was super creepy and made me realize how you never really know what goes on in a person's life behind closed doors. I feel bad for what kind of lives these girls must have had in spite of their outward facade of money and privilege. Hope to hear more of you guys. Thank You, Samantha. That's so sad, Samantha. That's intense. Although I have to say I understand what she means by saying, you never know what goes on behind closed doors. Yeah. But I think you had a slight indication with people who dressed exactly like each other. Yeah. From kindergarten to high through high school. And if I had twins, one of their heads would be shaved their entire life. That's the other, that's a good idea.


I would never cut their hair. That's A good idea. Right. Make sure it's the girl. Yeah. And then they psychologically be fine from then on out. If you scar them early Right. Nothing else can hurt them. Right. 'cause they don't know any different. All you is Scarred that it's, it was like a mini heaven's gate. Yeah. That's so intense. It is weird. You know, and you think, I I, I do this a lot or I think back to kids I went to elementary school with and I'm like, oh man, I bet you had so fucked. Like your shit was real fucked Up. And you, I just thank God that I was so ignorant. Yeah. And just I thought, well, back then I thought everyone had the life I had. I remember asking my teacher, our Ellen Lecher, who was my grammar school teacher.


Oh, that's right. And family, friends. That's so sad. I, she put me to bed one night when she was over having dinner with my parents and I wanted her to come and tuck me in. And so she said, you like, she asked me if I had any question I, I could ask. She told me I could ask her anything. She did an ama with me. She did an analog ama. Oh my God. And, and I asked her, I said, there's a little girl in my class. Let's just say her name was Sarah Jane. And I said, why is Sarah Jane's face always dirty? And I was saying it like, 'cause I thought, you know Yeah. She was gonna gimme some answer. And she said, because she doesn't have anybody to clean it for her. Aw. And as a fourth grader Yeah.


I, I just started crying in my bed. I had no idea. I had no idea that anybody would live that way. No. And that, I mean, that's how intensely privileged and totally like, and you know, sheltered O Olivia was Yes. Yes. I know that Robert, this kid in my class, like everyone made fun of him. 'cause he smelled bad nor the same clothes all the time. And now I'm like, oh, your mom was a hoarder and couldn't have her. Like, I clearly understand now that, that like, it wasn't your fucking choice No. To Be like that. And you got made fun of. And that's, I hope he's okay. Well that's, yeah. And kids don't have a choice. Like, that's, that's the one good thing I always make jokes about. Like, we need to bring bullying back. But I am totally joking in that way that like, kids don't, kids get Attacked Yeah.


By other kids for things that they, that are not their fault. Yeah. And it really sucks 'cause it's a thing they're already suffering by. Yeah. Yeah. I got it. I got it. And I did it to other people. Like, as much as I wanna be, like, I was a nerd and made fun of a lot. Like, well, I deflected my, my shit by making fun of other people. Like Yes. I wasn't better than the popular kids making fun of me. Like, Then you shouldn't have a podcast. Well, no. I was I same here. And that's because it's mob rules. Yeah. You don't wanna be the target. You have to make sure someone else stays the target. So it's not you. I Wish I'm, I was like Matilda or like those kids in movies where you're like, they stand up for, for kids who are underdogs and make friends with them. And it's like, no, I was kind of a dick too.


I mean, that's the majority of people. Yeah. I think All we can do now is have a great podcast. That's the only thing we can do. All We can do now is Podcast of the world. Oh Yeah. This one was so sad. Yeah. It's horrible and heartbreaking. Yeah. And, and so true about not knowing what goes on behind closed doors in people's lives. No matter what facade they put up, you just never know. Yeah. It's, I mean, I was just thinking it's bad. It may get worse on this next one. Yeah. That we go into. Okay. This is Karen's second hometown from Teresa. Wow.


Growing up, Melissa had what looked like a perfect life loving family, great friends Until the day it all came crashing down. When she discovered her father's dark secret. He was the notorious happy face


killer. On March 20th, paramount Plus presents the thrilling new original series Happy Face, inspired by a true life story. After years without contact, Melissa's father reaches out to confess another murder. But there's a twist. Another man is already on death row for the same crime. Now Melissa must choose between keeping her secret and protecting her perfect life, or unraveling an unsolved mystery to save an innocent man and decide how far she'll go to uncover the truth. Anna Lee Ashford and Dennis Quaid star in Happy Face New series now streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus,


You may love the finer things in life like soft, cashmere, silk, and effortlessly chic fashion. But your bank account probably doesn't always agree.


Fortunately, We have Quince. With Quince, you can get quality luxury essentials without the hefty price tag. Like their Mongolian cashmere sweaters starting at $50. When you're looking at a piece on the Quince website, you can scroll down to see how other people have styled it and if they thought the fit was true to size or not. I feel like I need to apologize to people. 'cause I have a one of those Quince Mongolian sweaters and the dark gray, and I think I wear it every day or every other day. It's just like such a simple, perfect looking piece. But then it is the Coziest sweater, especially through winter, where you're like, this is the layer I want to have on me at all times. And I feel like that level of quality and being able to get it for $50, Quince cares about us. It feels like, it's like they want us to be dressed nice and look cool and not go broke. We Should get seven of the same color for you so you can wear different ones every day of the week. I mean, I absolutely will Give yourself the luxury you deserve with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air fresh flowers, crisp mornings, that first warm breeze through an open window. It's the time of year when everything smells amazing. And thanks to Pretty Litter Your Home Can Too.


Pretty Litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight, low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. And the best part, pretty litter ships free right to your door so you'll never run out. I mean, a huge thing if kitty litter shipped to your door alone is an amazing convenience and perk. But then the fact that Pretty Litter helps you track your cat's health and make sure that your cat is doing okay as it like takes care of odor in your home. What more do you want? Yeah. As someone with an older kitty cat and looking at you Mimi, it is like such peace of mind to know that if something's going on with her kidneys, I'll know immediately instead of like months in the future when she shows me some other sign. Pretty litter helps. Keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try it and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy Pretty litter.com/mfm. Terms and conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye.


Okay, Karen, you go, Issa sent us this. It says hello ladies. I started listening. I have very sibil and s's. I've noticed this lately on the podcast. You what? You went in the Where. This is not Issa. This is me talking. Yeah, my S's are very sharp. S Is it? 'cause mine are soft. Soft. No, no, I think it's because my teeth are floating and moving around in my mouth. That's a creepy. So there's some kind of like I keep, anyway, there's there's a new Corner, there's A new level of self-consciousness. Oh, For sure. That I need to get rid of. 'cause who gives a fuck? Oh my God. At the end of the day, it's just you and I. I know. And nobody listens. It's just you And I and my asses. Hello ladies.


I just started listening to your podcast This week and I haven't gotten all the way through the episodes yet, so I hope this isn't a duplicate. So do IC Clarissa. Anyway, I have not one but two hometown murders for you. The first one is just plain horrifying. It happened in a house that is almost directly across the street from me. And the killer was Megan Huntsman. She has been charged with killing and hiding six newborn babies in her garage. Oh fuck. Somehow, and I'm still trying to figure this out, she managed to hide seven pregnancies over a decade. She never went to the hospital. No one knew what was going on. Apparently she would give birth strangler or suffocate the baby wrap bodies and garbage bags.


Store the box in her garage. She left the corpses when she moved away. What in the shit? The police found seven dead babies, but only six had been murdered. The last one was born stillborn. Her husband is the one who found the corpses. Oh, he didn't even know two. He had spent eight years in prison for drugs. And when he got out, he went to the house to clear it out and get ready for the rent, get it ready for rental. And he said the garbage smelled garage smelled horrible. And he had a friend to help him clean out the the garage to figure out what, where the smell was coming from. What I don't get is the fact that he was there in the house with her during the times those babies were born and subsequently murdered.


Well, it doesn't sound like he was, if he was in Ja Yeah. In prison for eight years. Whose babies Were they? Well, yeah, I mean, that might be why she had to kill 'em. Yeah. But Jesus Christ, he claims he had no idea she was pregnant or had babies. And the police decided not to charge him with anything. She pled guilty to six counts of murder and has been sentenced to life in prison. Ah, she has three surviving children. Oh, no. No. Oh, that's the scariest thing I ever read. Intense therapy. Immediately Please. And claimed she was too addicted to meth. Oh, meth. To take care of more. Isn't it funny how many like fucking together people are trying so hard to have a goddamn baby. Yeah. And then these fucking people who have meth and kill the babies.


Oh, Yoi. It's like six in a row. Anyway, that's my hometown murder story. Hope you enjoyed it. Thanks Clarissa. Bye. I'm sorry, I keep saying Clarissa. It's Issa. Issa Issa with an H. That was intense. That was crazy. Mm. Did do you know anyone? She, she didn't include two stories. It was just one. That's That's enough. Perfect. We love you Therea. Okay, we're back. Karen, any updates on this case? There actually is one. Megan Huntsman's first parole hearing is slated for April of 2064. Oh, wow. Wow. So I guess keep, keep an eye here. Yeah. Watch this space.


Sure. We're gonna be so old. Okay, so now we're gonna do some back to backs. Georgia's going to tell Leonard's hometown about the killer dentist. And then I tell Cody's hometown. Wow. All right. This is from Leonard. Leonard. What's up, Leonard? So my hometown murder story happened in my high school days. I was coming home from a basketball practice later than I normally would've. And as I came to the corner to walk to my block, I see half a dozen cop cars surrounding my best friend's house. Oh, lights are flashing everywhere. And I see my friend in the back of, of one car, his brother in another car, I'm assuming he needs cop cars. And on the stairs leading up to the house on the opposite corner, a female body, not fucking moving.


I'm like, what the fuck is going on? So later I come to find out that my friend's dad eventually got, evidently got into an argument with his wife and began all stabbing her over and over. Oh, my friend was home and tried to save her and fought off his father. I repeat, fought off his father after stabbing his mother, and he took off in his car and escaped. Meanwhile, the mom is still fucking alive and gets outta the house and staggers to the neighbor's house, but collapses before reaching the door and all caps dies. Dies at the neighbor's stairs. Jesus. So yeah, first and only time seeing a dead body, not at a funeral.


Aw. So my friend and his brother eventually get cleared and released and the media picks up on the murder and calls him the killer dentist. And then he says, guess what his job was. And he is a fugitive for like three to four days. So dad is fucking gone. Then news breaks that he was found in the next state over committed suicide in a motel and left a note. Oh, no. Memory is fuzzy. But he and his wife were separating and he had been sleeping on the couch for some time. And what I clearly remember though was me, my friend and his dad, soon to be murdered murderer, eating at fucking Chili's like a week before it went down. And to be a goddamn cliche, I honestly did not see it coming.


He was the nicest guy, et cetera, et cetera. Oh Man. He wrote, et cetera, et cetera. So yeah, friend and his brother moved to Florida to live with extended family, and it's nearly a decade before they moved back home. That story was legit true. Feel free to check it out. Late nineties, early two thousands. Leonard, I believe you, I'd love to know what you guys, what you think. Even if you don't read it on your show. Exclamation mark. Well, guess what, Leonard, but if you do, gimme a heads up. I'm weird. And I'm listening to your old shows from episode one on again thanks to reading and don't get murdered. Wow. Thanks Leonard. Leonard sat at chilies with a Fucking murder. He wouldn't know what he ate. Is that weird? Well, bloom and onion is that there Is bloom and onion, Outback steakhouse.


Well, because that reminds me the the dentist, The killer dentist. Guess what his, guess What his profession, what his profession was. Oh, one of us. Oh, this is a good one. Okay, this is from Cody and the, the title, the subject line is All the Way from Australia. Oh, hello Governor. That's not how they're talking there. Sorry, Sorry, sorry. There Cody. Everyone. Hi ladies. Hey ladies. I love your podcast. In Australia during the sixties, we had a lot of child murders. Hello? Australia's legit with murders. Yeah. I said that to someone recently that was from Australia. I was like, you guys have a lot of great murders. And they were like, what? They were like, Goodbye.


Bye. On the day Neil Armstrong took a step on the moon. Well, the TV aired. A man walking on the moon could be a sound studio, could be real life. I'm not making any claims. This Is not that podcast. Awesome. Two children, Shane Spiller and Yvonne Tuy went on a picnic. A man jumped out, grabbed Chewy Spiller, was able to fight him off with a hatchet and run away to get help. Why did he have A hatchet? They were on an ax picnic. I don't know. He was able to describe the car and a naval sticker on the car. It was too late though. As they had found toy's, body horrifically murdered.


The cops then drove to the naval base with Spiller in the car, and Spiller IDed the car. The police entered the naval base and found Derek Percy, literally red handed washing his bloody clothes. This guy is linked to multiple child murders and he is considered one of Australia's worst serial killers. Holy shit. Derek Percy. Gotta look him up. D-E-R-E-C-K. Any who flash forward to 2002 Faint line And thousands of kilometers away, whatever that means, thousands of kilometers away. Spiller had been living close to my home in a very small, close-knit community for ages then.


And he then suddenly disappeared in 2002. It's not been heard of since. And this, and this is the witness That, it's the survivor of those two children. I think she Was fucked Up. Yeah. And he probably just got discovered there and was like, see you later. Bye. Google search Derek Percy. He is linked to so many child murders. Most notably he had a notebook with the beach that the three Beaumont siblings went missing at circled. I've always wanted to do the Beaumont siblings, but it's so, it goes nowhere. It goes nowhere. It's they, it's three kids who walked to the beach very close to their house. Something they did all the time. Yeah. And it was in the seventies. Right. But They, they were seen talking to like a young surfer guy.


Yeah. And then they dis fucking off the face of the earth, disappeared And never heard from no traces. All three of them. Like a girl and two boys. I, I don't Know. I think it Was, there was a girl and there were boys. I don't know. Yes. Yes. Somewhere. I had the same exact feeling about that case where I, I think that podcast that has a girl and two guys. Oh, not gener. I always think it's generation Y, but it's, shoot, fuck, They're, I think they're outta Portland. They did a really good one. Yeah. On this. I'm pretty sure. Anyway, sorry guys. I think We need to look this up to like give them a shout out. It's Like what in the, what do you know? It's like a question phrase Is totally, and that's why I think it's generation Y all the time, but it's not.


I'll read the rest of this while you look that up. Okay. Go for Also, it came out that his mother is an upstanding citizen who destroyed evidence for him. Oh, that mother and son bond. Cute parentheses, fucking douche bag. Love you guys. PS Yes. I'm a girl, even though my name sounds like a dude's name. Thank you, Dude. Cody, that was an awesome email. Very awesome. Very awesome. I love that. Derek. I'm looking up Derek Percy. I'm looking up. That's a Really good one. I'm looking at. I'm here. I am looking at things. Here I am here. I'm Son of a cunt. What is it? Son of a cunt. That's a new one everyone's yelling at at home.


And I'm so sorry. You know what? We'll find it by the end. Okay. What if we do that Way? We'll Instagram it. Yes. So you read yours and then I'll, I'll keep Looking. Okay. It's your turn, Karen. Yeah. No, no, I just read it. I just read. No, it's your turn to look. Oh, okay. And ignore me. You're like, no, I was just, I'm drinking too much. Bole. It's your turn. Okay, we're back. I don't know how we have not covered this murderer yet. Like we need to do this one. I know there's been a couple of these where I'm like looking back where I'm like, oh, can't we just pull things out of old episodes where we were like talking about it once and then putting it aside. Yeah. There's Two in this episode that I'm like, these need thra Christensen.


That's coming up. We need to do that one too. I did It. Well then, there you go. Well, you know what's funny is I was looking at that and I was like, that seems familiar. I did it on my favorite weekend when we, we were in Santa Barbara. Oh, that makes complete sense. Yeah. 'cause it was a Solvang murder. Okay. Yeah. If it was live, that means, I don't remember a moment from that because the adrenaline was just like so high. But Remember how fun that my favorite weekend was so fun. It was the coolest. Like that was the coolest. I Felt so chill. Yeah. Just like we were hanging out with friends. Yeah. All our friends who agreed to come and take buses everywhere to get, I Know. To get from place to place. Oh, the podcast we were trying to think of during that episode is called Thinking Sideways.


It ended in 2019, but their catalog is still up. And you can listen to their episode on the Beaumont Children, which, yeah, like we have to do that story. It's fascinating. Yeah. Okay, here's, next up. Georgia's gonna tell Angie's hometown. All right. It really does. I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do a long one. Okay. This is from Angie. She says, in my hometown, when I was 16, there was an entire family murdered by the 17-year-old son. He went to my high school, rode the bus with me when he went to my neighbor's house. Neighbor is loose where I'm from, from country. He lives about two miles away. And the sister he murdered used to hang out in the band hallway every day, which is why I knew her.


My mom was a cop for the city of Grand Rapids, grand Rapids. And on her way home that night, she came upon the murder and called me to see if I knew anyone who lived in the house. It wa I was, it was about four miles away from our home and on a very busy road. The murder wasn't in her jurisdiction, but she was a prominent police officer and knew county officers who were, she stopped to help. Naturally. She wouldn't tell me any of the details because she fiercely protected her daughters from the horrible things she saw that they desperately wanted to know about. Upon reflection, maybe this is why I became obsessed with true crime. Lucky for me, I lived in a small enough town that rumors spread and details leaked out about the murders from other people who knew the cops That worked the case.


The story goes like this. John Seling, 17 years old, got into a fight with his mother and his sister, Caitlyn 14. He claims he blacked out, and when he woke up, they were all murdered, including his 8-year-old sister in her bed. And he was covered in blood. He called the police and said that, oh Jesus, here we go. He said, two black guys robbed them and murdered his family, but he was able to get away. And then she, Angie writes those, those pesky black guys always committing those mass murders. Yeah. I mean, come the fuck on. Then he confessed that the killings, once the police arrived, however, apparently he beat his mother in Caitlin with baseball bats and stabbed them with large kitchen knives.


He also apparently, oh fuck, ready for this. He also apparently raped his 14-year-old sister with Oh no. Oh. Said baseball bat. Oh, cops who worked the murder apparently vomited when they got there and said that it was the worst crime scene they had ever come upon. Ugh. Blood everywhere. The worst part, and she says maybe it's all pretty horrible, is that he made his youngest sister go lay in her. I don't. And then he did things. He slit her throat. Oh. Another pretty awful part is that we heard Kaitlyn got away from him and ran out into the street, but he dragged her back in. Oh. They found blood streaks across the ground. The most horrible part about this is that the road they lived on was right by the highway and nearly always busy.


No one saw this. Somehow. He used to have a weird, he used to have weirdo fantasies about coming upon the scene and saving her. I, no, wait, I'm sorry. I used to have weirdo fantasies about coming upon the scene and saving Her. That's not weirdo. That makes sense. No, that's, those are my fantasies and why I am going to therapy. Yeah. The murder stayed with me a while. Yeah. School the next day was so eerie and quiet. Everyone knew what happened, and everyone had stories about John and Caitlin. John was weird. That much I knew. And in the weeks after the murder, when we all talked about it, I couldn't remember if I actually ever talked to John or not in my memory. Now, he used to say weird shit to me on the bus. But honestly, lots of dude in my dudes in my small pod town were weirdos.


We still all talk about the murder, and I will still hear new rumors about what he did and why. He always claimed he was abused by both his mother and father, and his mother and sister. Just made him angry. Some people thought it was because he was a satanist when he admitted to being Wiccan. And other people talked about hearing him say he wanted to kill his family, but no one took him seriously. Oh, just awful. I recently heard 12 years later about the cops vomiting everywhere. Oh, Yeah. The last line in that article is upsetting. He had some advice for people don't abuse your children, or they might kill you. Well, I mean, he's right. But did they But did they abuse him? Well, Yeah. I feel like They had abused him.


He wouldn't have, he would've just killed them. You mean instead of like raping the sister and Stuff? Yeah. I feel like the raising your sister and slitting the throat of an 8-year-old is you're, something's wrong with you For sure. Yeah. 'cause they didn't abuse him. No. And it has nothing to do with, It's not revenge. It's not Revenge. Yeah. It's, it's you Just, or at least it's not revenge in the story you're telling. It's, it doesn't line up. It doesn't Fuck. That's intense. Did You find it? I did. It's thinking sideways. Thinking sideways. It's Steve, Devin, and Joe's podcast, thinking Sideways. It's a really good, if you like, here's the thing. If you like facts, if you like really well research stories and deeply research stories, this is your podcast, thinking sideways, but, But also opinions.


Yes. They all have opinions, which is fun. Well, It's a really good discussion. Yeah. Because it ki they, it seems like they do it the way we do it. Where like the, I listen to a couple and it's like people, they ask each other questions. Yeah. As they talk through the case. The One guy who sounds like a radio host from the forties Yeah. Is amazing. I don't know who's who. I don't either. It's a really good podcast though. I'm Georgia. And that's Karen, in case you don't know who's whom. Okay. You wanna go? Why don't, should we both do one more? Sure. We're at 50 minutes. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We'll each do one more. Okay. All right. We're out of that. Do you have a case update on this one?


I Actually do. So in 2022, the State Supreme Court ruled that sentencing minors to life without parole violates the state constitution. And since John was 17, when he was convicted, he became eligible for re-sentencing. So in 2023, he was re-sentenced to spend 40 to 60 years behind bars, which means the earliest he'll be eligible for release is 2043. Okay. So here are the final stories from this episode, starting with Karen, sharing Molly's hometown, as well as my story telling Colleen's hometown. All right. Ready? Yeah. Molly, subject line Acts murders. Yay. Okay. So I literally started listening this morning.


The show is amazing. I love true crime. Oh, thanks. I think you guys are really funny. I wanted to share my hometown murder with you two. So in 1988 in Rochester, Minnesota, that's Mn, right? Oh, God. You know, I didn't say the, I didn't say the initials of the, the last Grand Rapids. Michigan. Michigan. Yeah. 'cause I wasn't sure. Because you were afraid. That's where my husband's from. Anyways. Come on. The worst. It's the fear that's keeping us from it's Fear. It's, it's All it is. I'm pretty man. Is Minnesota. Minnesota. Minnesota, yeah. In Ro Rochester, Minnesota. This 16-year-old named David Bram killed his mom, dad, little sister and little brother.


Fuck man. He got in a fight with his dad over the music he listened to. David was a goth kid going to Catholic school. What was he listening? It was like something stupid. We were like, they're not even that good. What Was it? 8 0 8 State. His dad told him not to listen to whatever music he was listening to. And David got pissed when most of his family was sleeping. His older brother, Joe, wasn't home that night. He took an axe from the basement and attacked his family. If I remember correctly, he killed his dad first. His mom woke up at one point. His mom had defensive wounds on her arms from the ax. David went to school the next day, bragging to his friends about what he did. What the fuck, when no one could find him. Later on, his friends went to school, administration.


They, they in turn called the cops who went into the home, found the dead bodies. They didn't find David until the evening, two miles from the school in a phone booth at the post office. Less than a mile from the house I grew up in. Was it Just hanging out? I, it doesn't say, I bet He was dead. I wasn't alive during this time. But my dad, my dad called my mom at least a couple times to make sure she was okay. During the manna. Wait, he was Just in the phone booth? He what? I thought he killed himself in the Phone booth. No, no, no, no. He was just, he was trying to make calls or something. They basically found him there. Okay. So it was a manhunt, huh. And the last thing in there was, it was terrifying. David is still in prison and is eligible for parole in 2041.


His brother Joe has passed away in the past couple years. So he doesn't have any family left, huh? I honestly don't think he'll be released from prison. But stranger things have happened. Sorry, this was so long. Wanted to share. Love the show, Molly. That Wasn't long, Molly. It was not long. No, that's, what is it with these, that's, there's a couple of these kind of stories of like, teenage boys. Teenage boys trying to deal with all their chemicals. Chemicals Outside and in hormones, Anger. Especially back in the, I feel like there was such a switch from the baby baby boomers to like the Gen Xers and that there was like, there was a not, they didn't understand each other.


No, not at all. And they didn't tolerate each other. And I will say, as a person growing up in the eighties, boys, at least at my school, got the shit beaten out of them every single day. Yeah. It Was Like, there were some bullies at my school that were downright terrifying. And It w And like hitting your spankings and belt whippings were like, you being a good parent. Yeah. I got fucking spanked with wooden spoons. Did You really? Yeah. It sucked. And now I look at my nephews and I'm like, that a fucking, beating them up with an ob, like hitting them. Yeah. Violence against children to teach them not to do something is insane. But Were your parents spanked? Because a lot of times that's what normalizes it.


My Dad was definitely abused by his father. Oh. Le left the home after he, by punching his father in the face, and then walked out at 16. Wow. And never came back. Wow. But my mom, I don No, my mom wasn't. Wow. But she was the one who spanked us. Yeah. It's all coming out on My favorite murder. I'm happened to A lot. My mom and I are friends. Good. Yeah. It happened to so many people. Yeah. I think because my mom had a super rotten childhood herself. Yeah. She was, she was like, there's, there was never any hitting. Yeah. And there was always like a, you know, discourse, but, you know. All right.


Let's do, wait. Okay. Okay. This one's good. Okay. Kileen writes, this story makes the hair on my arm stand up. Rarely are we confronted with the realization that we so easily could never have been born. Oh. When she was 20 years old, my mother went on a date with a serial killer. His name was Thor Nil Christensen. And he murdered several women in solving an Isla Vista, California. Between 1976 and 79. What again? Fucking central California. Northern California. Get the fuck out. Solving Is up like wine country. Right? It's like two hours from Los Angeles.


Yeah. Like right outside of Santa Barbara. It's a, it's, it's a Dutch Disneyland, basically. Yeah. It looks like it's for tourists. Basically. It's for tourists and Oh my God. An alpaca farm. And Ila Vista is like the shitty part of Santa Barbara where all the kids go to college. Oh, okay. Right. All right. So the way she tells the story, and to be honest, she's only told me twice. So once as a warning, as a teenager, and then just a few months ago after plowing her with several classes of Pinot Grigio. So some details are hazy is that she was a sorority girl at UCSB in Santa Barbara, living in a studio apartment one night at a bar, a surfer looking guy with blonde hair hid on her, and she agreed to leave with him.


Nope. Her bartender friend pleaded with her not to leave, but she didn't listen. The, the surfer, hold on. The surfer at the bar drove a quote, super creepy van, and they climbed in Oh, oh, the seventies after driving around and making out, he suddenly turned down a way she didn't recognize. Eventually he pulled into a cemetery. Oh, it was there. He parked, went back, went to the back of the van and pulled out a suitcase full of women's clothing. He told my mom to put on the clothes and get out of the van. My mother put on the clothes and developed a plan and a stunning stroke of genius. She said, oh, this is hot.


This is so turning me on and shaking. She led him back to her apartment where she lived alone. Admittedly, this was the flaw in my mother's plan, but thank God she got out of the fucking cemetery. Yes. She said a hundred percent. Once back to her studio, she had led him to her bed and started kissing him, still wearing the creepy clothes. No idea. She picked up a lamp, smashed it over his head and screamed, get the fuck outta my house. And he ran away. Her neighbors all came outta their apartments to see if she was okay. And she said she was. And then she said with her sorority sister for, for a few nights. Oh, I don't even know if my dad knows the story, let alone the police. My mother said she never went to anyone and then moved back home to San Diego.


So missed when he was captured. She didn't know his name or that he was a serial killer. So in May, when I plowed her with wine to get her to spill the details, I think she means plied her with wine. Okay. But please don't, it's not me. Okay. Okay. I'm just saying she broke, Plowed. You're Right. You get plowed on wine. You apply people with wine. I think Kyleen and I are like similar people, because I swear to God it says plowed. I believe I believed it the whole time and I'm, I'm fine with it. Implied her with wine to get her to spill the details because I'm a terrible daughter. I researched it. Oh, I'm so embarrassed now. Karen, I'm sorry. Applied. No, it's applied. We're just reading it. Okay. Alright. Originally, I thought It just plowed makes it sound like she fucked her own mom.


Sorry. But that's, No, I get it. You're right. You're right. You're right. Okay. Originally, I thought this quote surfer dude was the original night stalker. But the dates and story don't add up. Love this girl that she's like researching this. Yes. She's like, what? Which serial killer could it be? Yeah. When I stumbled across Christensen, I showed her his picture and she wrote, which was a mistake, and she confirmed. I'm not sure what kind of information you need to confirm the story, but I'm happy to help in any way I can. Like, we're questioning this girl's story. Oh, I know. I saw the photo She did. You Karen's Showing me this photo. He looks like he looks like he'd be a wrestl, like a wrestler from the seventies. That's exactly right. Who is like, he was called the original night stalker wrestler. Like, So he looks, But he also has that look on his face.


Like, I'm chill. Everything's chill. Yeah. Think it's German or something. Yeah. He Definitely looks like, like macho man. Randy Savage or here's Oh, is that, is she done? Yeah, that's it. Because here's the good news to the end of that story. Yeah. He was stabbed to death in Folsom Prison. Yay. If anyone's worried. Yeah. The man who killed four women. Wow. That's so intense. I wanna, I wanna investigate the story more and know if like putting him in women's clothes was a thing. Or like the, were those the clothing of the women who he had killed before her? This bitch almost got killed. That is, yeah. She was in it. She, that's so crazy. I Know, right?


Yeah. Fuck man. I'm trying, I'm trying to scan really quickly, but yeah, I don't see, I don't see anything about clothes. Whoa. That one's good. I'm Sweating profusely. I smell kind of bad. Pretty sure. Yeah. I'm, I'm definitely sweating. Sorry. I love those. I like those fast ones. I do too. I mean, it's, it's very satisfying to just go, not have to dive and pretend to be an expert on a topic. Yeah. I like that. Here's what, here's what happened. Yes. According To me who experienced it. Right. Exactly. Those are fun. There was a couple, and we are, we're still gonna keep doing these, so Yeah. If we didn't get to yours, hopefully we'll soon. But we, there's hundreds. I mean's so many, so many. But there's a couple who are like, my mom went on a date with Ted Bun.


There's A Ted Bundy date one. Yeah. Like, you're not even making that up. There's a Ted Bundy date. Yes. There's there's more than one Ted Bundy date. Yes. Like, there's people who are like, I knew Ted Bundy, who are like, he was a friend of the family. It's just Crazy how many, like my next door neighbor killed his wife. Like there's so many of those Yes. Little ones that you've never heard of and never will. Yeah. But People knew them and were like, no, they were nice guys. They're always normal, nice guys. Right. And then they just snap and then they snap. And there's a lot of, there's a lot of the son of the family Right. Ones. Well, you know, that's the Amityville horror story. Right? That's the, that's the real story behind that. Totally. Or at least that's the original story.


Right. I mean, it's hard to be the eldest son and whatever that, whatever comes with that. I feel like it's hard to be the eldest son when the dad is a dick. For sure. I Feel like a lot of that the dad has so many expectations, especially back then where it's like, you know, it's so important to be popular Yeah. And big time. Yep. You have to be like the quarterback or whatever. And the dad is trying to, trying to, what's the Word? Live vicariously through the sun. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. If you have that combined with like, say a weak mom or a mom that lets the dad do whatever he wants. Right. And doesn't have, you know, any, any kind of handle on anything. And maybe the Mom, the, the, the kid loves the mom so much and he's pissed at her for never having stood up for him, but He can't be pissed at her.


'cause she is as abused as he is. Right. I mean, And the sister's just like kind of a popular cunt. What are we writing right now? It's the, we're basically talking through the am Go horse. But You're literally talking Origin story. Yeah. Oh Yeah. But I mean, we're talking through a thing that we've all seen on 20, 21 million times. Totally. It's a, it's a typical American setup. You guys, if you're a guy, please don't kill your family. Listen, you don't listen. I can't solve your problem for you. It's just a podcast. But Listen to your mothers Karen in Georgia, I play the Guitar Girls love shit like that. Yeah. Be Artie. Be Artie. Grow your hair long and just be like, sorry, I'm Artie.


Yeah. Too bad. And then jump on the next train. I Know a woman named Artie, so I was like, what are you talking about? Be like her. She's great. She is a darling person. Read a book, man. Don't read. Catch her in the Rye. Just stop yourself right there. Yeah. Is that it for us? Elvis. Elvis will let, Elvis will let us know when that's it. What do you think, Elvis? Are we done Elvis? Thank God. Thank God. One day we're gonna talk to him and he's gonna be like, ladies, let's wrap it up. The, The Gods have spoken. Yeah. Thank you for listening. Go to My favorite murder on, on fucking Instagram.


Twitter. There's a Twitter. There's all kind of course. The Facebook page. Yeah. There's all kinds of ways that you can participate. Thank you for listening. Yeah. Tell a friend And tell a sister. Elvis, do you want a cookie? You want a cookie? Yeah. Stay Sexy. Don't get murdered. Bye Bye. All right. Well, I mean, there was our brilliant, I feel very proud for some reason of us thinking of doing this episode of like all the things that we didn't know and all the things that we were innocent of. Yeah. And just kind of hanging out. I feel like this was great producing on our, on our part. Definitely. And really what it came down to, probably it was neither of us had our homework done and we were tired, scrambling and sweating.


Yep. And I'm really good at excuses. Yeah. And were like good at figuring out like how to get around things. Yeah. A workaround, a workaround, a work, a fix, a a kind of like, it's the same. It's the reason that Guy Brandham came on and answered legal questions. That's right. I forgot because we, it was like, I was like, I it is nighttime. There's no way I am finishing this document. Yeah. And I don't know what to do. I Feel like when you're the little sister of the family, you figure out, you get like squirrely and you are in a maze your entire life. Yeah. And you figure out the right turns and if they're not the right turns, you fucking scratch through the wall and make them the right turns. Yeah. Because if you don't, you'll get left behind and Made fun of And you can hear everybody on the rest of the maze having the best fucking time without you making Fun of you.


So you better get over there, gal. Get your ass over there. And that's what My favorite murder is. It's a fucking scratching through the wall of the maze to get to the finish line first, to get to The, the party that actually isn't there. And you just imagined it, but hey, you got outta the maze. You sure did. Good job. Yeah. Alright. So let's see. We are gonna rename this. If we had to rename this episode from basically just an episode that says what it is. Yeah. Which I, you know, why rename it? But if we had to, the suggestion was when I say listen and judge Yeah. That's it. Listen and love or listen and judge. That's Pretty good. That sounds like us. Yeah. I mean that's, yeah.


That's What you guys do. All right, well that's, that's all. We can squeeze outta that old rock. Thank you so much. You guys have been bringing the goods for us and making mini episodes and hometown episodes possible for nine years. Yeah. We really appreciate It. We really do. Thank you for listening to this episode. Rewind. We'll keep doing them if you keep listening. Yeah. And stay sex And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality, and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive, giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Give your kids a summer full of fun and learning. Give them ID tech. ID Tech camps are all about high energy, fun, meeting new friends and our top by elite instructors. Located at 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country. Id tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, coding, game design, and more. There's something for every kid, ages seven to 17 at ID tech. Sign up@idtech.com and Use code ID tech to save $150 on a week of a lifetime.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.