
This is exactly right.


It took a lifetime to find the person you wanna marry. Finding the perfect engagement ring is a lot easier. At Blue nile.com, you can find or design the ring you've always dreamed of. With help from Blue Nile jewelry experts who are on hand 24 7 to answer questions and the ease and convenience of shopping online. For a limited time, get $50 off your purchase of $500 or more with code spotify@bluenile.com. That's $50 off with code spotify@bluenile.com.


Hello. Hello. Welcome back to Rewind with Karen in Georgia. This is Our series where we re-listen to the best moments from old episodes and share our feelings about them and discuss everything that's so different now. And also, we have case updates on the cases that need to be updated. We talk about what was going on behind the scenes. It is just a real pullback. The old curtain. Yeah. And see what's going on back there Because we don't fucking remember I mean. It has been a real jolt to the memory. Some of the stuff that's coming up on these pages. Yeah. We're like, we're getting into it now. And this project itself is nerve wracking to get off the ground, but you guys have been so positive about your feedback and your reviews wherever you get your podcasts.


So, we are gonna just keep doing them until we can't handle it anymore. Yes. We're so excited that you like it. We appreciate you being here for truly what is some of the most intense naval gazing of all time. It's like, let's talk about us talking. Yeah. And then comment on that talking. And hopefully in five years we can do a spinoff of this podcast. The talking about our, talking about our talking, Talking about it. So today we're rewinding to episode seven, which first aired on Friday, March 11th, 2016. So It's time for everybody to be a day one listener right now. Grab your sister-in-Law, grab your mail carrier. And of course all those single cat ladies, We love you.


Get up here please. You've given us a career. All right. So should we get into it? Let's do it. So let's get into episode seven of my favorite murder. It came out again on March 11th, 2016. Hmm. Where Were you? Where were we? Here We are. Here we are. Hey You guys. Hi. We're back. Hey, we're back from a a week long hiatus and now we're here to deliver your favorite, to give you nightmares and anxiety. Your favorite. Your favorite. my favorite murder. Everyone's favorite. My favorite murder.


I didn't get that. Sorry. We should have rehearsed that. We should have. That's Karen and that's Georgia. And yes, we've been on a, a slight hiatus. Yeah. We had life. Things happen to us. Very large life things. Not murder, thank God. No. But nice things. Yeah. Georgia got married in a beautiful ceremony on the coast. Thank you. Karen's mom died. She died. Oh, that's after a long illness. Yeah. I'm sorry. It's okay. It was actually really lovely. Yeah. It was kind for me. It was a big about two week period though of stress?


Yeah. Or just like big feelings of waiting between her passing and having to do the and the memorial. Yeah. Which is rare, right? Yeah. I think my dad was waiting. He put a little time in there so that people could come. Yeah. And plan it out and make sure they were there. And then it turned out to be a brilliant idea because there was tons of people. Aw. It was really lovely. That's great. I'm so glad. Yeah. It was nice when I drove back home, the front end of my car fell off. What? Didn't I tell you that? No. I drove six hours back from San Francisco, took the Riverside exit, came to a stop and my, the front bumper, like everything under the lights and down just went into the street.


Oh shit. And. I had, this is my favorite part. I had to pick it up and stick it into my car, which is very small. And there was a guy in the car next to me. He's like, you need my help. And I was like, yes. And so he helped me put it in the car and as he came around the side to help me, he looked at all the other cars around us and goes, you can help people, you know? And started yelling at everybody else for not helping me. Oh, I. love it. Which was beautiful. And how I think many of us feel. Yeah. Yeah. That's so nice. Yeah. There's this like, do I help or is that weird if I help? Right. And can I be of help? Like, if it was me, I'd be like, can I even lift that thing or whatever. Do you need anything? Yeah. Yeah. Do you want me to park in front of your car with my lights on?


So if they hit me, they won't hit you because out of her car, should I use myself as a human shield? Exactly. To make sure no more damage comes to your car. Exactly. Or do you want me to play some really good music so you can like do this with get it done? Yeah. Yeah. And how do you feel after your big weekend? I feel great. The wedding, the whole fucking weekend was like, I'm gonna cry if I start talking about it was like perfect and wonderful and like this outpouring of love. And Vince said this really sweet thing of like, you know when you go to weddings and you're really, you can tell a wedding. People believe that you're gonna, you're a good couple when they have a really good time at your wedding. Yes.


You know what I mean? Like, you don't wanna fucking dance to like booy on down when you're like, well I'm pretty sure he's going to die of a heroin. Nobody else Or cheat on her. Yes. Or she's like, I know she's fucked. Or, you know. No, everybody would, everybody had like hearts in their own eyes. Yeah. About your guys' marriage. It was nice. And I. I mean, And I. Everybody cried at the ceremony because you did, they, you started having a little bit of a cry voice, but like you were trying to cover it. I was. So your voice just kept getting higher and higher. And I. It was my favorite. You were like, hi Georgia. Really? It was so cute. There was this moment that when I first got up there, like I just had immediately started crying, but I didn't want tears because I didn't want my makeup to get ruined.


So it just came out of my nose. Instead, And I, I gestured towards Vince's pocket square. Yeah. And he like thought I, he fixed it. 'cause he thought I was like in the middle of our ceremony going like, fix your pocket square. And. I was, I was fortified. And I was like, no, can I have that? And he gave it to me. And I just snotted all over his pocket square. But what kind of a human being would I be if I was like, fix your pocket square? I think he was just like, whatever you need. Yeah. This is what I'm, I'm doing what you need. That was a really hilarious moment though, because No, I didn't see the fix it. Okay, good. Or any of that. I literally saw you point toward it and then him flick out. Yeah. Like a magician. A big, huge red handkerchief.


Yeah. It was very, very cute. Okay, good. And that's what I'm all about these days. Real feelings. Real time. Yep. Real feelings. Here they are. They're just out there and you can grab 'em and work Well. 'cause and it's like, of course you're crying. Of course. It's like these are, you know, these are the peak experiences of all of our lives. These are the days to hold onto these because they will not last forever. No. Right. They wanna something. 'cause I want to, I'm doing Billy Joel. Yeah. Which one are you doing? I think I'm doing that too. Is it the, hold onto that one. This has been my favorite murder.


Goodbye Pepper. About people are like, I got nothing that I came here for. No. We mean we're murdering it at life, not murders. Yeah. We're, we're murdering emotions. Before we talk about our favorite murders, I wanna ask you And I haven't watched This week, but did you watch this People versus OJ Simpson last week? Oh yeah. How did you feel about Dominic Dunn's character? Okay. Wait, are you talking about last week? Or, I just watched one last night. No, I didn't watch that one yet. Okay. The one where he first makes an appearance and everyone knows who he is, he is like a famous crime journalist. I felt good about his character. Like I felt like it was accurate to who Dominic Dunn was. Yes. And it was amazing.


But he was like, he reminded me his character Remind is so outlandish and insane as a human being. He he is. Yeah. That he, it reminded me of like in Cold Blood, what's his name? Truman Cap. Truman Capote's character. You know, it's just so outlandish and it's really not necessary in the show. Right. But I loved it. Well, but he is I mean. I bet you part of the reason he is there is 'cause he wrote so much on that trial in real time. Yes. And kind of contributed to probably what they're researching. Like they might be reading some of his stuff. Yeah. No, you're totally right. Is he still alive? Do Dun? I don't think so.


I don't, I'm not sure possible. And of course, We all know his daughter Dominique Dun. Yeah. Got shot by a, a rabid fan of her stalker. Yeah. A stalker. Pretty amazing. I mean he's kind of one of the original and he had a great power privilege and justice. Oh, that was a, was such a good show. Really good show. But you can find it online. Yeah. And he, but he's not a good narrator 'cause he talks too slow. Right. And he has a lot of gravitas that he doesn't he that he adds on that he doesn't need. Yeah. Where it's like, you already have tiny glasses. We know that. You know what you're talking about. Well, what's so great about the people versus OJ Simpson is there's so many moments in it, including his gravitas and his, you know, cadence that you have to, we've stopped so many times during the show to be like, did that really happen?


And look it up. And it fucking really happened. You mean like the Faye Resnick thing? Yes. That was amazing. A fucking Brentwood. Hello. A Brentwood. Hello. Is that even There's no way that was a thing They did. I bet it was. Are you serious? Yes. I bet it was in the book, right? I be someone research the book. No, no, for sure. But I mean, do you think her book was totally true? Because Oh, I see what you're saying. But she she seemed like a boozy Yeah. Fool. No, then no, I don't think it was true. I mean, like, it just seemed like she was talking. Yeah. She's like, we did coke all the time. We were crazy. Which is like Sure. Probably. But to, to act like you did that Yeah. Every morning in random homes. Right. And that was like the lifestyle and not like they had children that they had to raise and take to school and stuff.


Yeah. I mean, but I mean that part. I actually did look up fa what Faye Resnick's role was because I didn't remember her from me neither when it happened in real life. And it, well, all that stuff was true. Oh, My, God. Someone posted on our, our Facebook group, their photo, their copy of that book that they've had, like, it's like an original copy or something. Oh. It's like, this is a, this is a good group of people. Man. If, if I get murdered terribly, I will, you can spill it. You know what, you know, you have my official digital permission Okay. To just say whatever you think would work best and make you the most money. What do you think the Burbank goodbye is? Something really gross.


That's, that'd be like slightly dinging the side of your minivan out of a Trader Joe's parking lot. Bye. Yeah. All right. So today our, we, our theme is Unsolved murders. Yes. It's an easy one because, because we've been busy. And I. Think, didn't I make it up while we were standing in the parking lot? Yes. At the end of your wedding. Yeah. So, we like weekend. You know what, let's just, here's a nice open one that won't, that we'll have lots of choices for. Yeah. But I feel like throughout like as, as we go on, they'll be easier and then they're gonna get harder and harder. Do you think they're gonna get easier then Get harder and then get easier again? Yeah. Like I think there'll be be a point where we're like, we're just getting too specific. We need to get, you know what I mean, where we like, like try to make it easier on ourselves.


Yes. Over like sandwiches. We're gonna, we're gonna be, we're gonna work all the way down to two shots to the back of the head. Yeah. At midnight. And then we'll be like, murders That happened in 1936 in January, 1936. The Pantaloon murders. Yeah. Do you wanna go first? Do you, whatever you think. I have a theory. We were just talking about this. George And I both think that there's a chance we may have picked the same unsolved murder. Yeah. Let me tell you what my original one was gonna be. Okay. But I ended up changing. 'cause I was like, because first of all, it was, it's like near your hometown. Oh, okay. So there's no way you didn't know it. And then I looked it up and it was like, I had liked it because there was like, it was just so random.


But that meant there really wasn't that much interesting stuff about it. Right. And then also it also meant that I, I also looked it up and it was like the, this, this is who probably did it. And so it was like, not that, oh. It seemed kind of a, like an obvious answer. Exactly. So it was the 2000, mine was gonna be the Genitor California Dublin murder in 2004, where those, those kids were camping out on a beach and just got shot with a fucking rare weird gun. Yep. You know what I'm talking about? Yes. Because it didn't just happen there. It also happened in San Francisco. Yes. Yeah. So I hadn't realized that had happened. I hadn't realized that they had a couple obvious sub suspects.


And so I was gonna do that. I like that one though, because me too. And also weren't they like, when I like the story when you're reading it and it's like, these were two children from a Christian camp. Oh they, yeah. They were like as squeaky clean as you could possibly be. Yeah. They were. And out in the middle Jenner is like a big grassy open field of nothing. Yeah. The idea that you would get murdered in Jenners, like someone was going way out of their way. Right. Or knew the area so well. Right. And was I, and my, the first thing that came to my mind was that they piss, they it was, they pissed someone off earlier the day. Yeah. They may be road rage and they saw their fucking car parked out there in the middle of the night.


You know, something's really simple. Yeah. There's also that, that rando serial killer that just traveled all across the whole United States. I think his first name was Israel. Holy shit. You know that guy? No. And he looks like, he looks like a guy that would work at REI when I saw his picture, I got super freaked out. I don't know. I don't think I've ever been in an R-E-I-R-E i's like, you know, like Patagonia. It's a north face. I know who works. I don't know who looks Oh. Just like a dude who would have like medium length, sandy, blonde, curly hair necklace. Yes. A rope necklace. That's what this guy looked like. And he was randomly killing people all across the country.


Everywhere he ran went. And then when they caught him, he committed suicide. So he never, no one knows if like what he did. It's just so interesting that the gun was, it was from like 1896. Oh, is that right? It was like a shotgun from 1896. That's probably wrong, but like an really old vintage. Yeah. You shouldn't kill someone with a gun. So rare. Everyone take note if you're gonna kill someone, make it a really obvious gun. Or not obvious gun. Yeah. Because the No, the antique gun's obvious. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. What was he like loading a musket on the beach? Yeah. Four. They were saying it was one of those fucking guns. No. Yeah. That's terrible. And he, that would mean that there's a delay between killing one and killing the other.


Yeah. And he must have been a good shot if it was at night. Oh, y And he grabbed the shell casings too. So there's no shell casings left. Which means he must have known where they went because if he was in the sand, he grabbed them outta the air. Or had like a Oh, he had a metal detector. Do we both have colds? Does my voice sound so much more froggy then than now? Did you were, did you used to be a frog and you've grown out of it through money and success. Oh, you've been able to get it removed. Oh, My, God. I don't look. It's just different. It's different. We're Not supposed to be listening. It's Really gross. It's this like, it, there's a, this is really gross of me, but there's an element to this of like squatting over a mirror where it's just like, what are you doing?


Don't look in there. It, it Goes against nature. It for us to listen to a podcast that we did from 2016, it goes against nature. Oh God. So. we were just like, I think there's an anxiety piece around it because we had no fucking idea what was coming And. we were just like, ha ha. Isn't this funny? You and me talking like It wasn't there. I, I don't remember exactly when, but I think it was like the summer that things started to kind of go crazy. Yeah. Right. So we're now in spring in nice early spring. Yeah. And. we don't think anything of it. Also, we don't think anything of recording with light colds. And how many times did I hit the microphone in one short clip? How Much was Canada?


I had before you came over is a good Question. Hey look, you got a pre-game. I'm coming over. That's the vibe. Okay. So in this seventh episode called Seven Murders in Heaven. Mm. Love that one. Yeah. We are back from a week long hiatus for two reasons. I get married, which is fucking wild. You remember, remember I remember my wedding. Remember the Madonna Inn? The Madonna Inn. It was a great wedding. I am so happy. You know, such good memories there. And you're now eight and a half years into that marriage. Yeah. How's it going? It's so far so good. I don't, haven't decided yet. What sweatpants are you wearing right now? Fuck you. I'm married.


Oh yeah. Fuck you. I'm divorced. No, no. We're I'm, I'm hardcore married. It's, it's fun. It turns out. Are you a trad wife? Is that what you're, is this how we learn it? Can you imagine? Is that what Hardcore Married. Hardcore Married. Hardcore. Married, hardcore trad wife. Married. I washed my bangs in the sink before I came to the office. So no, I am definitely not a trad wife. Okay. Good to know. Vince makes dinner most of the time. Like That's very much against the rules. It is. Yeah. It's, it's crazy. And then also, and this is another thing that was going on at the time, And I feel like when I think about it, you And I didn't know each other that well or for that long. Really? No, barely At All.


So the other thing that happened was your mom passed away. And I. Don't think I like, I just, I didn't like talk about it with you. And I didn't like ask. I didn't know how much you wanted to share on the podcast. You know, I, I didn't know what I should say exactly. So it was just kind of breezed over And I. I've always regretted that. Oh yeah. Well that's very nice of you to say. And overlapping with my wedding. That's like kind of not fair. Seriously. You know, it's, first of all, it's the kind of thing that like, I think something like that where someone's been ill for a long time. Yeah. And it's very kind of like oppressive and life changing. You don't know what to say. Right. That is one of the hardest kind of things to navigate.


Meanwhile we're like riffing. Yeah. So when were you supposed to, you know, were you supposed to kick off the podcast with the right condolences or you supposed to break in? Like I get that completely. Also, I think people who have loved ones who get Alzheimer's and suffer through it, it is such a long, terrible, arduous nightmare. Yeah. There's a part of it that's, you have a lot of guilt at the end because you're so relieved. Which seems so unfair. It's just, well, the whole fucking thing's unfair. Yeah. And it's like, it just keeps coming. So like at that point, I guess I'm just trying to say this to you, to comfort you in this way at that point. Anybody that's gone through it for any meaningful length of time, no one gives a shit about, it's not, no one's counting up.


Did you say sorry to me? Right. It just is so far past the, the point of manners. Really. Yeah. And like grief, it's like not how you're sup how the rules go for grief. Right. Either. So it's just kind confusing for you Of course. And confusing for everyone wanting to support you and like, what's the best way to do that? You know what I mean? Yeah. So I think that we've actually talked about this because I have the same thing happen in the beginning of this podcast when I made this weird senior decision, I won't say victims' names. That will be Hmm. Like the most respectful And. it is absolutely. Kind of a self-serving logic or it's like this logic of like, I'll just not do anything.


And that's the solution. Yeah. Which is very common and very understandable. And I think it's like in general, if somebody dies, just say anything. It's just like, I'm, I know you are going through something And I know anything I say isn't gonna fucking solve it. Right. Like I think I definitely do that where I'm like, I need to say the perfect thing. Right. And you, how do I become, how am I the perfect friend here? No Way. It's just mess. It's messier than that. Imagine if you could friend me out of mom, dead mom grief. That would've been who miraculous. Who do I think I am if I were trying to do that? Listen, you make a tuna noodle casserole, you fucking bring that shit over and Then slap, slap someone on the back two times and give them a shot of vodka and you're done.


Done. They're, they've grieved. Solved. Solved. Well I, but I do love that Pat has become a person in the podcast in our lives here. She's talked about Yes. Her incredible nursing career is talked about because there's so much to mine from that. Yes. And just her personality and stuff. So that's really nice. And We've talked about like both the advantage we both have of having therapy normalized so early that shame isn't even. It's like we understand that people really felt a lot of shame about therapy. Yeah. Especially 10, you know, eight, eight and a half years ago. But the gift of never having to feel that way tricked us into talking about a thing that people were like, why aren't you embarrassed?


And it's like, 'cause we just aren't, It's like, oh, you're being so vulnerable. It's like, no, I just fucking talk about this at like a, this is chitchat for me. I will Talk about this at a bus stop. It'ss connected to the other trauma from the other parts of My Right. Right. Oversharing. It all goes together. But that's a really lovely thought. Thank you for saying that. 'cause I do, I still have someone made me make Pat proud in this beautiful calligraphy Yeah. That I have on my kitchen counter. Beautiful. Yeah. I think that our listeners, many of them have been through it. Many of them have talked to me about it. Yeah. Like it is such a kind of a bonding experience. It's just kind of a lovely thing to have that you wouldn't think would be lovely.


Right. And That No, I've seen it when we do live shows, And, we do the meet and greet after and there's at least one or two amazing women who are saying, my mom went through this too. And there's this like immediate understanding between the two of you. Yeah. That I don't think anyone else would ever get. Yeah. Yeah. Unless, unless they qualify for the worst fucking situation. Right. It's like, get in here. It's like a, it's A, it's a club no one wants to be part of. Completely. All right. So today we were doing themes still. So this episode is Unsolved Murders. It's so funny 'cause we were really afraid in this episode that we picked the same murder. Yes. And that was a fear of mine. It's been a fear of mine for so long and it's just never happened.


And Don don't think it's ever going to happen. And, Don don't know how that's possible Because people kill people all the time. 'cause there's so many of 'em. It's crazy. Yeah. And horrible. You're right. That's like people in the earlier days being like, well how long can you do that? I'm like, EB, I've got some terrible news for you sir. Usually. Right, Right. Oh God, we don't want, we wanna run out of stories. Please. Yeah. We'd love that. Well also, you know, since 2016 we definitely had to shift away from the constant Yeah. Where it's like true crime as a trend was peaking at that time because we were coming out of some really golden years. Yeah. Where a lot of people had the privilege of being able to entertain that kind of thing.


And as our realities have changed so severely. Right. And things have gotten so intense, it's not the same valve for some people anymore. Okay. So I'm gonna be doing the unsolved murder at the Black Dahlia for my case. Amazing. I'm on this one. I'm doing Elisa Lamb, I believe. I know, I know. So this might be your origin episode. Yeah. Yeah. Where you're like, I'm just trying to get back to that. Yeah. Unsolved cases. I wanna know so bad. Let's start with the, the one that everyone wants to know. God. The Black Dahlia. The Black Dahlia. Okay. So Let's get into it. I mentioned it in the episode, but my source for this was a blog called deranged la crimes.com.


It's written by Joan Renner, a writer, a lecturer, and social historian with an expertise in historic Los Angeles crime. Nice source. I know, right? Yeah, you were actually doing it.


Hey Karen, did you know that less than 1% of applicants are accepted into NASA's astronaut program? Wait, are you telling me I should stop filling out this application? Well, Probably. But if you have Miracle Made Bedding, you'll be as close to NASA as most people can get. And That's because Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by nasa. They use silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating. Traditional bedsheets can harbor more bacteria than a toilet seat. Ew. That can lead to things like acne and allergies. Miracle Made offers a whole line of antibacterial bedding that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth. And if you're worried about sacrifice and comfort or quality Miracle made has bedding, that's as luxurious as a five star hotel without the hefty price tag. I love Miracle Made Sheets because youdon't have to worry about all those disgusting things we just talked about. So the fact that they're antibacterial is kind of incredible when you think of how much time you spend in sheets and how much time you spend in between washing your sheets. Well, not sacrificing having lovely sheets that like feel good on your skin. You know what I mean. Like you don't have to sacrifice that, which is just huge. So go to try miracle.com/murder to try Miracle Made Sheets today. Whether, you buy them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one. If you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use Code Murder at checkout, you'll get three free towels and Save an extra 20%. Miracle Made is so confident in their product that they offer a 30 day money back guarantee. If you aren't a hundred percent satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade Your Sleep With Miracle Made. Go To try miracle.com/murder and use code murder to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40%. Again, that's try miracle.com/murder to treat yourself. Thank You. Miracle Made for sponsoring this episode. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Alright, well what's your real, what's your real one? If that was your fake one. Okay, so then I changed it to a kind of one that everyone knows and loves, but I, this is gonna be my favorite and like, I think the most realistic answer too. Okay. So your favorite unsolved murder. My favorite unsolved murder is the Black Dahlia. Yes. Is that yours? Oh My. God. She was in my top three. Was she? Yep. What was the other one that you didn't do? Well, JonBenet, but I knew we'd already discussed her at length. She, JonBenet is the one that I want to know the answer the most. Yeah. And then the black Dahlia's second. Okay. So, alright, so everyone knows the story of Elizabeth Smart Short, where am I?


Elizabeth Short, the Black Dahlia. She was found in a vacant lot in Los Angeles, 39th. And Norton, if anyone is in LA and wants to go find it I, think it was a house or a school there. Now she was naked cut in half. She was severely mutilated posed in the grass. She had no blood left on her. Of course, the detective said it looked like someone, a medical man. They said that. Or a man with the vast medical knowledge had had mutilated her. And so, okay. Recently I, I watched the James Elroy documentary about, it's called Feast of Death. It's basically a bunch of men sitting around a table eating dinner, talking about murder and death.


All men, because why would a woman know anything? Well, like if there's no woman, they can really be themselves. Right. Okay. So I found that psychologist, Alicia Lare was a Herald Express writer, and she did a series of co columns profiling the whole case. And she profiled, she identified the person as a possible older woman who had either committed the crime or inspired the person who killed her. Huh. And all these reasons, it was like a psychological profile of why it could be a woman. Is that person you're talking about that wrote those columns from back then or now? She, it was from back then. Okay. And then John E.


Douglas retired. There's a thing called the FBI Behavioral Analysis Unit, which like I'll intern, like, you don't have to pay me. Yes. You know, the, where they find where they're sitting there going, it's a single man right between 30 and 35 hates his mom. Yeah. That kind of thing. Love it. Love it. He probably works at this, at this job For that job. Yeah. Awesome. So he created a profile that kind of backed up her theory. Oh. That it could have been an older woman who would've done this or inspired it. Okay. Then finally, researcher Harry, I'm sorry. Larry Harnish had a theory that, and he had written an article in the LA Times on the 50th anniversary. And he, he uncovered a connection between the dump site on 39th and Norton Street.


And one of the suspects who's now a suspect, And I think this is what James Roy's thing was about. That there was a 67-year-old doctor, have you heard this theory before? I think. Well, tell me about it and you love it. 67-year-old doctor named Walter Alonzo Bailey. He used to live in his estranged life. Wife currently lived one block away from the dump site. Whoa. Okay. That's like, interesting. What's more interesting is that Bailey's daughter, adopted daughter was friends with Elizabeth's shorts. Why do I keep wanting to say Elizabeth Smart? 'cause Elizabeth Smarts that girl that got kidnapped.


Yeah, yeah. Elizabeth Schwartz's sister So Oh Bailey's 7-year-old doctor's daughter. They were so close that this, that the daughter was a witness in Elizabeth Short's wedding. Wow. So that's pretty, but there's no evidence that they ever met. But you're kind of like they had to know other lives. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So he was estranged from his wife who lived a block away. He left his wife for a mistress named Alexandria Partica, who was also a doctor. And after Bailey's death in 1948, again, the, the murder took place in 1947.


It came out that, oh, so he left, he left this mistress all his money. And the estranged wife said it was because he had quote terrible secrets that could have ruined him. Oh. And people are guessing that, that maybe he was, he gave secret abortions, which were illegal at the time. And there was another theory a long time ago that a doctor who gave abortions had accidentally killed Elizabeth Short, perhaps. And that's where the murder had, you know, that's why he had to get rid of her body and not report it, is that he was giving abortions, which were illegal, but there's no evidence to support that she was ever pregnant. So, we don't know that for sure. But we do know that Elizabeth Short used to tell men maybe for sympathy, that she had a son who had died.


And it turns out that Bailey did have a son who had died, and he died years earlier, but it was January 13th and her body was found on the 15th. Oh. So I mean pure speculation. Clearly. But he, she's pleading with him to help her with whatever it is. This person that her sister knows, her sister doesn't live in town. She doesn't have anyone else who lives in town, goes to the doctor or her sister's friend or father of her sister's friend. And then if it was a woman, then maybe, maybe she got jealous and killed. This girl killed Elizabeth. Short. Maybe, I don't know. You know what I mean? Yeah. Okay. Let's see. And so, so he was 67.


He, when he died, they found a, a degenerative brain disease he had, and it was known to produce violent behavior in otherwise passive individuals. And then one of the things was like, well, how would he have moved her body? Well, the body was fucking sliced in half. Yeah. Maybe the body was sliced in half for an older man or a woman to be able to move, to carry one piece at a time. Yeah. Why was the drain of blood? Who knows? So I mean, there's little pieces of it that I really, really love. You Should Feast of Death is on, I think it's on Amazon. It's definitely on YouTube. It's a little, you know, fucking James Elroy is like, he's a bit of a drama queen.


Yeah. He's, he's too, he's too dramatic for his own good. Well he has his thing with his own mother, which is amazing. Like, it's amazing. He can talk about it. Totally. But then it does add this, he's very intense. It's very intense. So you kind of like, it's already an intense subject. Seriously. Yeah. So his mom got kidnapped and did they find her body? Or they never find her? I think they did find it. Oh, she was on the side of the road. Yeah. Str murdered. Yeah. And they think, who knows what The murderer was never found. Yeah. So he's clearly, and he was a little kid when this happened. He psychologically fucked up from it. I, I've read a lot of his books up until a point where they like got too silly.


Right. Where like the vernacular was just too like beat poet. Yes. But before that, I fucking loved his books. And I read all of them. They're great. Yeah. But this I mean it's still a good, this is a good program to watch by yourself at night. I remember watching something And I, it's, this is bad to bring up, especially for our research heads, but there was something I was reading and it was the theory, and maybe this was a dramatized version, but it was like the theory that they took her to a place to murder her and torture her. Because clearly she was tortured. What I read when I was looking to see if I was gonna do the Black Dahlia, one of the things I read really quickly was that she died from an injury to the head, but also those cuts on her face because she had a smile cut into her face, ear to ear.


And the bleed bleeding out, blood loss from those cuts could kill you. Yeah. Wow. So she like, just because it was so much bleeding. Wow. So she was somewhere for an extended period of time just bleeding and Jesus being tortured. Yeah. Because head injuries bleed a lot. Yeah. I think so. But then, but also like, you know, cutting into your cheeks. Right. I mean that thing. And also just to find that. Yeah. The, when I, I remember first, very first reading that story and it's that picture of her upper body in the, you know, in the, in the grass. In the grass. The angles of those are so disturbing. It's so disturbing. And to think, 'cause wasn't it a mother and a child? Yeah.


It was a mom I think with a stroller walking up on that thing. Yep. And I thought it was a mannequin. Yeah. And like there's a photo of it, of the scene with her body covered with a just her body covered with a blanket. And it's like so obvious that the bottom part of her body is too long to be part, you know what I mean? Yes. It's like they're not, something isn't right with the length of her body. And it's because her fucking tors, her lower body is like, and did you see I I'd never seen really the cut really well until today. Yeah. It's pretty exact. Yes. Yeah. And And I think, I wonder if, if like cops today would immediately assume it was like a doctor or medical man that did it.


Because, because I guess these days people can do much more and not have any training. But Well you have to think of like, oh, a butcher could do that. Like a, a barber could probably cut like that with a straight razor pretty well. Like I think there's a lot of Yeah. Professions that could do that. Not necessarily, but could they lead someone that well, right. Well, a butcher could. A butcher could. Can I tell you that one of my grandfathers was a butcher in LA and one of my grandfathers was a barber in la So it's probably one of them. Whoa. During that time. And there's also, there's a guy that thinks his father did it. Yeah. That guy. And so that's the thing is that James Elroy backed his story too. And, and now isn't, which, you know, that house is just down the street from here.


Really? So this guy, this guy found photographs in his like evil fucked up father's possessions after he died. And one of them was a photo of what he thought was the Black Dahlia. If you look at it, it's clearly not Oh, it's not her I mean, but it's, there's similarities. And then so the, this house that he had lived in then, which is in Los Fila, there's a gorgeous art deco house. It's incredible. Had a secret room where this, this father guy would actually give abortions. Oh. And they had put, he had like hired someone to bring cadaver dogs in when he was like investigating it and they honed in on that area.


But this guy's a little full of shit. I think he thinks his dad is also the zodiac killer. And like, he's since gone on to be so incredible. Oh. But the, but however, the father did rape his daughter as did a, he like let other people do it. She took him to court and he got exonerated. So he's a piece of shit either way. Yes. His guy isn't wrong about his dad being terrible. Well, and it's probably very easy for him to see and connect, you know, connect dots to things when it's like, and it would probably be very vindicating Yeah. To be like, he didn't just screw up our family. He's, he's what everyone fears. See what, he's a monster. Everyone.


Yeah. He's a monster. But also I think it's, I think that's a whole story is fascinating because everybody talks about like, oh, come to Hollywood. Take the bus from Iowa. Yeah. And, and find your dreams. And it's that, see the underside, this very real like, and here's the other thing that happens. Women are exploited. Yeah. Constantly. And you, you get into a system of being beautiful and hoping that men, you know, you're appealing to men and then men will give you money and all these things that are like that. The culture kind of, you know, encourages or supports. And, but then if you get into that, you are the one that gets punished for it. And you maybe you deserve to die and like you deserve it.


You know, she wasn't a prostitute, which is what they, they said in the beginning, she absolutely wasn't right. But she did go out with a lot of men because she didn't, she would go out with them to eat because she didn't have enough money for dinner. Yeah. Like that's what, you know, that's what it's like when you come to LA to be an actress. Really? So that's not prostitution, but it's almost like, do you, do you, it's the thing of like, do you live the kind of lifestyle that would put you at risk? And that's, that's one of them. And if you do, then it's your own fault for eventually happening upon someone. I also didn't know that her luggage, she had her luggage had been checked at the Biltmore Hotel. Oh really? And she's missing for five days.


Like there's no, there's no, the last trace of her that anyone can, can confirm is on January 9th. And her body isn't discovered until the 15th. Oh. So her getting kidnapped would make sense. That's so creepy. Yeah. That's her favorite. That's classic Unsolved murder. Unsolved murder. And isn't there a movie with Josh Hartnett and like Scar Joe? It's based on his, on James Roy's book, the Black Dahlia. Oh. Which is a really good book. The movie was stupid, but I liked the book a lot. Yeah. So go read that And we're back.


Do we have good news? Are there any case updates about the most frustrating cold case? What if I was like, yes. And like, didn't you hear Karen and like a turn? Yes. Oh no, I don't pay attention to that stuff. It was Paul Newman. Everyone. You didn't get the Google alert that the Black Dahlia was solved. He Has been distracting everybody with salad dressing. Oh. And charity and His own death for so long. So Yeah. No major obviously case updates. This case is now 77 years old. Wow. It remains open. And the FBI says, given how much time has passed, Elizabeth Schwartz murder will probably never be solved. And also the Los Felix mansion that I mentioned in the episode, also known as the John Soden house designed by Frank Lloyd.


Wright's son. Lloyd Wright. And where some people suspected Elizabeth Short might have been killed, was last sold in 2022 for around $6 million. Which was down the street from where we were recording at the time. That's right. It was like around the corner. It was on Franklin right there. And Also that's the same house that we went to. We did when he, we did a live episode that was for The TV show about this kind of, about, about this case and the doctor who lived there, The, the people that they suspected kind of Chris Pine was in it. Yeah. It was really exciting to do. It was like one of our first big integrations. Yeah. And it was And. We go to that house that's like a once in a lifetime thing. We were At that party.


You and me and Lizzie went to that party. Right. And I think it was just the three of us. Yeah. And. we were just kind of skulking around. We Were so uncomfortable. Like, because There was a full cast of this TV series was there and a bunch of other people. Yeah. And then there was a woman who was from TNT and she was very high up and she was talking to us and being like, we really liked working with you. We'd love to do more stuff. She was telling me about stuff and the whole time she was talking to me, there was like a juggler guy who was no joke directly next to my face trying to get me to like, interact with him. Oh My God And I. Just pretend like it wasn't there. 'cause I'm like, this lady it sounds like is important. She wants to do more of this with us.


Yeah. Like this would be the coolest thing ever. But he wouldn't Stop. He, he's trying to harsh your mellow so fucking hard. It was one of the weirdest things where he was, it was like a mime thing. Yeah, yeah. But I just wouldn't acknowledge it Was there. Who No. Sold the juggler mime. And I. Think I freaked the lady out who was talking to me. 'cause she's like, oh, she just will not acknowledge this person. Oh My God My God. Oh, I'm, so that's just what happens at parties. Like why does it happen? And again, making this decision of like, I'm just gonna act like if he's not there, that'll work. Right. You could have pushed him in the pool or like taken some other step. I could have said, sir, I'm, this is an important business conversation. Well, you think he would've gotten that, but no. After Fucking five seconds. Yeah. But he Just dug in.


It was Wild. Who is he? Is he listening? What if he's listening? If you're listening, Juggler. Mime. I love you Mary. Karen, You really, you really made, made a moment in my life where I was just like, what a strange position to be in right now. And. we never heard from her again. We truly did not. They were like, thanks for nothing. Oops. Bye. All right. So now it's your turn to do your unsolved case. This is the death of Elisa Lamb. In 2013


Summer expenses can really add up from vacations to concert tickets. And your tube top budget goes up at least 400%. Am I right? You are so right. It's tough. But when you bank with Chime, you can manage your budget and still enjoy all the fun. Join millions of Chime members who are working to make their financial goals a reality. Because banking should be about building your wealth, not paying unnecessary fees. Chimes not about overcharging you. There are no monthly or maintenance fees. And that's thanks to their Spot Me feature, which allows you to overdraft up to $200 with no fees. Oh, My, God. Where was this for real? Chime has spotted its members over 20 billion to date. And that's a lot of support to help people stay on top of their finances. Man, that used to ding me so hard every month at the end of the month, I'd be overdrawn with like three or four different purchases and that'd be like half my paycheck. Well, And also it's the kind of thing where are they allowed to do that? Are you gonna fight with your bank every single time you already feel bad and like you're in the wrong instead of just that you need help actually budgeting and managing your money. Totally. So live it up this summer and make progress towards your financial goals with Chime. Open your account in minutes at chime.com/murder. That's Chime.com/murder. Chime feels like progress banking Services and debit cards provided by the Ban Corp Bank, NA or Stride Bank. NA members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Boosts are available to eligible Chime members enrolled in SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits terms and conditions. Apply For more details, visit chime.com/disclosures. Goodbye. Goodbye.


So Karen, I had a question. Well, mine is also takes place in Los Angeles. I'm gonna settle in a cozy first story. I went on a real rollercoaster ride with this one because there's of course when you look at anything, you know, like I know what I, I knew what I had known about it, but I swear to God this second. You go on to Reddit. Oh, Reddit. There's just a world of people who have already done so much research. I, I love you guys who are obsessed. Yeah. I I forgot to credit where I got a lot of this info. Oh yeah, yeah. Go ahead. Can I do it real quick? Yeah. Deranged la crimes.com, which is like, that's the best fucking deranged la crimes do com com made me think of that because of Reddit, which is like deranged and I.


love it. Yes. Okay. Sorry. Yeah. So wait, that's a good website to go to for stuff like that. It seems like it's a fun like blog. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay, cool. Yeah, no, this is, I just, I had my assumptions. And I was kind of writing what I thought was going on and then I, a link led me to Reddit and then it's just all these people are like, I already looked at that and dah, dah dah. And it's just the, and here's why it couldn't be this and here's Yeah. It's fascinating. That's so good. This is the story of Elisa Lamb. Oh. And she is the one who, she is the 21-year-old Canadian student who took a trip to, she called it her West Coast tour. She had been in San Diego, she was stopping over in LA before she was going up north.


And she checked in at the Cecil Hotel, which is a hotel downtown near Skid Row that used to be fancy. So she, she checks into the, the Cecil Hotel. And so her, she is by, she's traveling by herself. And so she checked in with her family every day. And so the last day that the day she disappeared, basically she had gone to the last, the last bookstore and had a conversation with somebody there talking about books she was bringing home, hoping they could fit in her suitcase.


So basically when the cops talked to that person, it was like they, no one thought that she wanted to commit suicide or Right. It wasn't anything like that. And she was supposed to check out on February 1st, and she never did. And so her family, her family calls LAPD on February 1st and says, we haven't heard from her in days, there's something very wrong. You have to check this out. So they start looking into it and they, on February 6th, they have a press conference where they say, if you've seen this person and they release, or no, they have a, they basically show pictures and they say, if you've seen this person let us know she's missing.


And then on February 14th, they end up releasing this now very famous footage of her in the elevator at the Cecil Hotel. Now this is what I remember because I saw this real time. Yeah. And this footage was on the news. I wasn't even, I think the sound was down and there's nothing creepier, there's no sound. Oh, because you were just watching it. I was watching the news. But there is no sound anyway because, but you, yeah, it's like closed circuit. I see. So you look up and this thing is happening and this is on, and it's, it's like, have you seen this girl? And this is the last known footage of her Oh My God. And she is in this elevator and she looks, she looks like she's, it's halfway somewhere between her playing hide and seek with somebody and, and her running from somebody because she's, she gets in the elevator, she presses all the buttons, she puts her back up against the wall, then she peeks out, then she jumps out, then she does a little thing, then she comes back in.


It's playful and it's not, it's Yeah. Go on. Yeah. It's just hard to it when, when it's presented on the news, it's freaky because it looks like someone's chasing her and she's trying to get the elevator to go. Totally. It's chilling. And then it already looks like a Japanese horror movie without the rest of the story. Exactly. We've seen this movie before. Yes. Dark waters. So then Yes, exactly. So then five days later after they re they released that footage. They had been, the, the people working in the CISO hotel had been getting complaints from everybody that was staying there. This is the most factor that the water wa smelled weird and had a weird color and that the water pressure was really low.


So a maintenance worker goes up onto the roof and checks the water cisterns that are on the roof. And Eliza lambs dead bodies floating in one of the cisterns. Elisa what? Sorry? Elisa. Elisa, yeah. Is that Yeah, yeah. Isn't it Elise or Elisa? Elisa. Okay. Did I say Eliza? I did. You did. Sorry. I said Elizabeth Smart. So clearly we're gonna get yelled at by fucking so many people. We mean Well, it's El it's Elisa Lamb. Okay. So, so it turns out, so as they're, as the cops are trying to put this story together, one of the first things that they learned was she was bipolar and she was on like four different medications for her bipolar.


So the tape from the elevator immediate immediately puts into everybody's mind. She's being chased, she's being pursued. She's scared, she's freaking out because it's so weird. Well then, then you find out that she's bipolar and she's on this medicine. And the day that she disappeared, she had been staying in a, like a youth hostile style shared room. And she got moved out of that room and into her own room because the other women staying in that room with her were complaining of her odd behavior. Oh, I didn't know that part. Yeah, so, so she got moved into a private room because of odd behavior. So there was a theory that she stopped taking some of her medication. Yeah. But she kept taking others and she was taking Sudafed.


And that combination, like there's some antidepressants or mood stabilizers, if you mess around with the levels and add in like Sudafed, you can have a psychotic holy shit break. So there's people who think that that is what happened. She basically was having a psychotic break, was seeing, you know, 'cause you can have auditory hallucinations. Yeah. Visual hallucinations. And she basically got herself up onto the roof. Having all that happen in a manic episode, you have all the synergy. You don't stop moving and, and it would make sense if she was messing around in the elevator. So that, that's one very strong theory on Reddit. There's a person who absolutely is like this case is closed. Yeah.


Because the coroner said it, that the death was drowning with this special circumstance of bipolar. Like being the reason. Yeah. But the thing is, the way she's acting in that elevator, you can only see one angle, which is inside the elevator in a little bit of the hallway. But when she turns one time she jumps out. And this is like two minutes or more. It looks like she's talking to somebody up the hallway. Yeah. And she's not in the lobby. Sorry, I'm dying of consumption. She's actually on the 14th floor of this hotel.


Now, as We all know, the 14th floor is the 13th floor. Oh, Jesus. They just change it. Yeah. And the, and the Cecil Hotel also is a hotel that over the years, has had so many jumper suicides that they stopped counting over a hundred. Jesus people have jumped off of the Cecil Hotel. The 14th floor is also the top floor. Okay. So it's basically a 13th floor hotel. Holy shit. And it's the, it's the hotel where Richard Ramirez, the Night Stalker stayed in the, in the middle of his, you know, in killing spree in between San Francisco and la He stayed there for a little while also. So it's a nice little cozy little, a nice little place family hotel.


And there was another serial killer who was Austrian, who stayed there for a little while in the nineties. So yeah. There's bad, bad vibes and bad juju. And also, so, and so they were saying there were theories that she had to be with somebody because there was a lock, there was no access to the roof. And it was alarmed. So people would've known if she had gone up there. Right. But then there's a footage, and this is the, this is why I love Reddit. 'cause it's like so thoroughly researched. Yeah. There's a Chinese tourist who posted footage where he walks from the 14th floor up to the roof, up to the cisterns, and there's no alarm.


Yeah. There's no lock, there's no anything. I actually, I feel like that, that had to be for the hotel to not be liable. They said that exactly right. Yeah. Because the parents were suing the hotel. Totally. But the, just the weird thing is I mean, like, so there's lots of people on Reddit who are saying, you know, like that they had had manic episodes. And when you, when you're there, you get these ideas in your head and you have a lot of, you know, you have a lot of energy and strength and you, you know, you don't think, obviously it's, it's, you know, you're, it's mania. So it made a lot of sense to them that she would like suddenly see those sisters Yeah. And be like, I'm gonna get in there and swim around.


Or whatever idea that she may have had. Plus, I think, like, I think just because there's something as alarmed doesn't mean that whoever turns off the alarm or notices it is gonna then go check and make sure everything's okay. Like, those are Right. You know, in a fucking shitty hotel where it's probably understaffed, the alarm goes off, person in the lobby does the thing to turn it off and that's it. Right. And but more likely that's where, 'cause they were saying that's where a lot of people went. Like employees went up to smoke, that there was no alarm in the first place. I bet there, I bet even if there was, that there was a prop opening the door. Yeah. Like holding the door open for people who smoked. Sure. The other thing is, when you see these cisterns, it, like, it's not like how I first imagined it, which is like one of those big wooden ones you see in New York on roofs.


Yeah. It's four metal, like 10 foot tall containers that are like, they almost look like, they look like something from, from the war, whatever, where they're, they almost look big bullets. Yeah. So the idea that you would look at that and be like, I'm gonna get into that. There's water in there. Like, that's weird to me. Yeah. You wouldn't look at it and be like, I'm gonna go swimming. It just looks like a big, it's a bunch of tanks. You wouldn't know what was in there. Yeah. Unless you had knowledge of that somehow. One thing I thought was interesting that I found on Reddit was that she, in the video, she's wearing someone's shorts. Did you see that? Yes. Or someone was like, those, it looks like she's wearing a skirt, but they're clearly like board shorts or like cargo shorts and those, and they clearly weren't hers or what the kind of clothes she wore because she was like a fashion blogger and really into fashion.


Oh. And did they find her clothes outside of the tank? No, the but she was naked in the tank, but everything that was in there was with her in the tank. Okay. So I guess I mean, who knows? That could have been explained. Maybe she stole them from the hostel she was at. But the shorts that she has on in the video are a guy a guy's shorts. Yeah. So yeah. Maybe she met someone staying at the hotel also. And fuck. I know. And there's definitely no drugs in her system. Right. No drugs in her system and Yeah. And, and yeah. And all the, all the things that would explain that, like alcohol, drugs, she went to a bar that night. But all the things that people, all the theories of people saying maybe someone drugged her.


That's why she was acting so weird. It doesn't, it's they're not in her system. Yeah. They would've clearly done tests for that. And here's the really irritating part. They took a rape kit, but they never processed it. What? Because they just figured, what's the point? Since we, since we know it's, she did it basically. Fuck So. we kind of never know. It's, it's a little bit the perfect murder in that way, if that's what happened. Because she's in the water, not, there will be no evidence on her body. And, and did it, can they tell exactly how long she was in there? Was she in there from the night of the video? Yeah. Until they found her. She was in there for like three weeks. So you probably can't find a ton of evidence after the body's been in the water that long.


No, there's, there was some tuberculosis drug. Did you see that? What is it that is the same as her initials? It's, it's the, it's called the lamb EIA test. Right. Elise. Lisa, E-L-I-S-A. It's an S not a z, that there was an outbreak of tuberculosis on skid row. Yeah. That's just a weird coincidence though. That's just like the weirdest coincidence I've ever heard of in my life. That there was a, a test or something called the A lamb elisa. Yeah. Test. It's just her name. It's her fucking name. Yeah. What in the fuck is the world's? There's a couple of other alleyways that I'm not gonna go down now because I don't know them well enough.


Yeah. But you can, all you have to do is go onto to Reddit. Or go onto YouTube. Yeah. And people have like, talked through all of them. Yeah. That are like, there's about an like invisible cloaking. What? And like, all this different stuff, just theories. Do you ever, did you I watched the video with my face so close to the screen to like try to see any abnormalities or anything weird. Well, but here's what is interesting that the, the, the numbers on the tape, whatever that's called, the time code on the tape is distorted. Mm. And they don't know if the cops distorted it or the hotel distorted it, but there is a full minute missing in the tape.


What the fuck? People have studied the time, the, the like messed up time code enough to see when it clicks over to another minute. But like, no, whatever. So they, it's this, the tape itself is really, really weird. You know what, as another thing about the tape being weird that I thought was really interesting was that she's pressing all the buttons and the ho the elevator never leaves or closes the door because she's pressing the elevator hold button. Oh, she is. Which people have gone there and tested it. It will hold it open for two minutes. Oh. So she presses, she's on 14, so she presses 14, 10, 7, 4 or whatever. She goes right down the center and elevator hold. Oh.


So it's, you can't figure out if she's playing a game, if she's trying to get out of there as quickly as possible. Yeah. There some people say that's what you're supposed to do. If you are afraid, somebody's following you. Oh. 'cause then they won't know what, what floor you get on. They don't know where floor you're on. And every, it'll open every time. So you'll have every chance of seeing somebody else. I've never heard that. Yeah. That is fucked up. And the other thing is they sped they, they slowed the tape down when they released it to the public. Oh. It's actually a 125% slower than it should have been. So when you speed it up, I don't know. Yeah. It looks creepier when she does like the hand movements and stuff. Totally. I And they don't know if it's just to make, get people's attention.


Yeah. Or to make it look weirder than it is. Or what, or maybe like if there's some splicing in it, you wouldn't notice it as much if it was slower. Exactly. If there's a minute missing, then you wouldn't notice it. Right. Does it, like, okay, on your, do you think that she looks scared or that she's playing a game? Like in your heart of hearts? Well, I think I also read my initial reaction was fear. Yeah. Only because she does that thing where she puts her back up against the wall. Yeah. But then there was an, there's a website who that's like based on body language. Oh yeah. Breaks down where it, she's very calm. Her like, her body is relaxed and everything she's doing is playful and relaxed and, and looks like there's a lot of flirting body language within the movements.


Or that she's playing with a kid. Like, almost like to me it was like she's playing with a little kid. Yeah. And trying to amuse a child. It's very childlike. Although there is one part where they specifically say, this is like a flirting, this is definitely a flirting movement of like, she puts her hands up and, but then she like reveals her armpits and it's like a whole thing that's very, it's like sexual preening. Oh my goodness. Is what they call it. Whatever. So they, and it's the, and she's looking up the hallway. So it's exactly where you can't see the person. Is she looking where the door to the water tower is? Or is she looking the other way? I wonder. I don't know. That would be good to like go and stand there and look. But I think in the Chinese guys, I mean it literally is all in Chinese.


I have no idea what he's actually saying, but when he does it, he just walks you out the elevator and up. So it looks like there's another, you have to walk up more stairs to get up to That exit's like a floor that the elevator doesn't go up to. Right. Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. It's not like right there. I mean those places are never locked and they never have fucking alarms To me. I think ultimately there is a good theory with the, the messed up videotape is so overt and it's so weird. And like, why would you, why is it edited? Why is it slowed down? What's happening? Why can't we see what's in that other minute? Yeah. They, they tacked on just the elevator opening and closing right at the end to nothing.


So they left on footage that no one needs at all. But then they took out a minute in the middle. That doesn't make sense. Do you think that's one of those things that they do where it's like they take something out that only the person involved would know in case there's ever any, any person comes forward with information and they can be like, well, I mean maybe she threw something. Or maybe she like maybe, you know, she did another, an extra thing that only the person she was doing it to or with would know. Maybe. But then why, why not just use 15 seconds? Like why? Yeah. It's, it's, it's being sold or presented as if it's continuous. And that's what's weird. Yeah. Oh right. Like something else. Something the thing is gonna happen.


Yes. That and to me it just, it adds up to, or to me it points a finger. I believe it could have been a manic episode where she just found herself up there and that's it. Definitely possible. But it doesn't seem that probable to me, it seems probable that there's another person involved and that that person works at the hotel. Totally. So he doesn't have to be around her at any point during the day, but he sees her at that one point in in night and does something and then puts her body where no one would find it. Oh, okay. So yeah, possibly I get it. Or lures her in there. Was she able to get out on her own when she got in there? Maybe lured her in there and then she couldn't get out.


So she did drown technically, but it's foul play. Well, but it's like he would like he he would already be in it, you mean? No. Or have been like, let's go swimming in here. Oh, like it was his idea? Yeah. Yes, possibly. But then why would she throw all her stuff in there? Oh God. Like why wouldn't, if if it's like a skinny dipping thing, just leave it. So all of her shit was just in there. In her, in there with her. Yeah. I don't know. Maybe he threw it in after her fucking closed the door. And later could have been that. And also could have been, if it was her idea by herself to go in. 'cause she wanted to be in water. Once she's in there, it's hard to tread water with clothes on. Right. Take your clothes off.


Yeah. Okay. So to be extra clear, 'cause I did not state this explicitly in the episode, the Los Angeles County coroner's office ruled Elisa Lamb's death and accidental drowning with bipolar disorder being a significant contributing factor. And then in 2021, Netflix had that series Crime scene, the vanishing at the Cecil Hotel. And that brought more attention to that case. So very important kind of clarity where it's like in retrospect being salacious about essentially a mental health issue where no one helped and no one could help in that moment.


And that's an important factor is that ultimately at the end of the day, this is a story about a young woman who is having a mental health crisis. And so, in retrospect, in any way, being salacious about that feels really bad. And that is the kind of, you know, 2020 vision that we get to look back on. Although I do think in talking about this case, it kind of opened the door for us to start talking about the importance of taking care of your mental health and the importance of not feeling shame about being on medication. Yeah, definitely. It's funny, the thing you were talking about earlier about how open we are about therapy and how not a big deal it is. I feel the same way about medication.


So it's like, it's so funny that it became a big part of this podcasters how open you are about mental health. And it's like, no, we're from la Yeah. We, I've been gonna therapy since I was 10. I'm Jewish. Which is like, you have to be in therapy and on medication. Yeah. I'm, there's no vulnerability for me with No, What you're saying is you're a visionary is really what It's, I'm pro big pharma. Well also it is a strange thing the way that therapy has come into, just into the culture in a way that's obviously just acceptable. Yeah. Thank God. Oh My, God I mean what's, what are you, What are we doing?


Why are we pretending that we don't need it? Why is anyone pretending that this isn't the hardest life you've ever lived? Seriously. Like, come on. For you, for all of us in context, it's pretty hard. It doesn't matter if you didn't have, you know, a fucked up childhood or you did, you know, things didn't happen to you. Everyone is traumatized by this world. Yes, that's right. You know, post-Industrial revolution. It's been a mess. I will say this since I was And I, believe I was eight years old, but I could have been nine or 10. And I was standing on the street corner in Petaluma wearing a T-shirt that said Super Kid on the front of it in the Superman logo because that movie had come out.


And two teen in my mind, teenage girls who were like smoking and drinking Yeah. But I'm sure that they were 12 or 13. Right. Looked at me and went, the one girl goes super kid and then they crossed the street. Devastating. That Alone, that alone has haunted me. There are difficulties that I've had to face. Yeah. It's in context. It doesn't compare. You take anyone else's life and you go, Karen, shut the fuck up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you well you should. But in the context of my life, Devastating, I Shutter when I'm on that street corner, And I am in my mid fifties. Oh Man. And that's life. That's how life punches your brain. Yeah. Your brain accepts and rejects and sometimes it's not the right thing and it's got a little bit of a hiccup in there.


And you gotta fix it. You gotta try to not hold on. Right. Fix it. Yeah. Don't Hook in. Don't believe the story. Yeah. Yeah. But I am a super kid. You're a super kid. Karen. I believe in you. I believe in you. Okay. So Elisa Lamb And, we say this a lot, but this is one of those stories. It is not a mystery ultimately. Yeah. But I think about it all the time because what I think about is people being alone in this world with having to deal with stuff like that. Being alone downtown. Yeah. Having to deal with anything at all. There's, there's elements of this story that, that just stay with me and hurt my feelings.


Yeah. And make me, yeah. That just, it's, it's heartbreaking. It's so heartbreaking. And it also is, you know, a lot of people that like to comment on true crime commentary when they talk about stuff like this, it's like, there's nothing that happened. She was just, you know what, they try to like oversimplify whatever. Right. Where it's like Right. There's, nobody really knows what happened to a person in this horrible hotel that like so many horrible things have happened. Yeah. Inside of, and she is vulnerable and you don't need a ghost. Yeah. Or ghost hunters or a person standing there with a knife because mental illness is its own haunting is its own threat.


Yeah. And so a person that vulnerable watching the elevator video or whatever. Yeah. All the theories aside. Yeah. The pure story of it is awful. Just as awful and scary. So. we have a hometown story in this episode. It's from a listener named Lauren and she wrote in about the Boy in the Box story. Yeah. Which is, you know, famous And I covered it in episode 360 2. And if you listen, there are updates on the case. So here's the hometown You wanna go? You want me to go? You go. Okay. So this girl's name is Lauren. We also told you guys we would stop saying your full names.


I totally didn't even think about that. Sorry. Sorry. I didn't, I did not think about that at all. I'm like, doesn't everyone wanna be fucking loud and famous and shit? For real? Yeah. Just 'cause we're famous doesn't mean everyone else is. People are like, could I have a little bit of privacy? Yeah. We've talked about your stalker and then we, okay. I like though that a lot of people have adjusted in like in it they're, they're signing it like just with their last initial where it's like Oh, My God. Oh, thank you. You're helping me. my God. Sorry guys. We won't do that again. Yeah, we won't. We do that. So Lauren s she says, the one that gets me is the boy in the box. Oh yes. In 1957, a boy believed to be at five years, about five years old, was found on the side of the road, wrapped at a blanket inside of a bassinet box, having been killed by blunt force trauma.


Worst way to go. He was freshly bathed, fingernails clipped, and his hair was crudely cut. He had an old medical related scar. He had old medical related scars in addition to fresh bruising and signs of past trauma. He appeared to be malnourished. No one to ever come forward to claim him or with any plausible explanation of who he may have been. He's also known as America's unknown child. Fucked up, sad shit. No. Didn't you tell me, I thought we talked about it on here. That they found right. DNA evidence to figure out who he was. Did I do that when we were It was like at the beginning. It was at the beginning of the show update. Right. So And I just saw this one because I was looking up unsolved murders and he came up, there was illustrations of what he looked like when he was found in that box.


I mean clearly. He was either in a foster situation, it was in Chicago, right? It was in, I thought it was Baltimore. Okay. Or Phil I mean or Philadelphia. Okay. Somewhere we can get just lost in the system. But also two different people found him and didn't report it before the final person did. The fuck you guys, I think that like a hunter found it and then didn't say anything and then the second person waited a full day. Oh My God. The thing about him being found in a bassinet box is that, that makes me think either at a home for children or a foster. Yeah. Like crowded foster house. Crowded. Yeah. Where they, yeah. Yes.


Television. Hi Karen in Georgia. First of all, I love your show. I love true crime. And I. Wish I had friends like you to talk about it with. Well now you do. This is from Alex h So, okay. So this is secondhand story my mom told me recently. She grew up in the Rochester, Spencer Port, New York area. And she lived there when the three alphabet murders happened. Just a little background info, in case you weren't familiar. Three young girls were raped and strangled in Rochester, New York, and they all had double initials and their bodies were all left in towns that started with the same letter as their first and last names. What the three girls are. Carmen Colon 10 disappeared November 16th, 1971.


She was found two days later in Riga, New York near Churchville, 12 mile, 12 miles from where she was last seen Michelle Manza 11 disappeared November 26th, 1973. She was found two days later in Macedon, New York, 15 miles from Rochester and Wanda Walowitz 11 disappeared April 2nd, 1973. She was found the next day at arrest area off of state Route 1 0 4 in Webster, New York, seven miles from Rochester. These cases were also connected to another set of double initial murders in California. One of the victims there was also named Carmen Colon. I don't know much about these in parentheses. Same name. Yeah. There were a few suspects over the years, including Kenneth Bianchi who was ice cream vendor in Rochester, and who later became one of the two Hillside Stranglers.


Yes. Another suspect was Carmen Colon's uncle. My mom was in third grade at Holy Redeemer Catholic School when she, when the first murder in New York happened in 1971. And she was in the same class as the New York. Carmen Colon's younger sister Angela. And she had been at Carmen and Angela's house just a couple weeks before the murder for a birthday party. Even if you don't read this on the show, you should totally talk. Oh. Even if you don't read this on your show, you should totally talk about it on your show because it is some really freaky shit. You're exactly right, Alex. That is do nuts. I would Karen, go change your fucking name. Karen Kilgar would've been later days. How many people changed their name in Rochester around that time?


Do you think they've had fucking double little girls with double con A double letter? Because that meant research. That guy was, that was like, what? Did he work at a school? Did he work at a school? Yeah. Maybe he was like a a worked at a school may. And you know, and the weird thing is the towns that he left them in. Yes. That's some fucking OCD shit. It's weird. And it's, you know what that is? That is the kind I'm the most interested in. Is that tricky? Hooked in like that's that seven Oh for sure. Kind of stuff where there's theories and whole, there's whole storylines going on that no one even understands or knows about. Well, that's what you want the murders to have because then it is so much more interesting then there's just some fucking creepy gross dude Yeah.


Doing this. And so it's like, okay, here's, we just need to solve this. And it's a really smart person doing all these things. I mean, it sounds, it sounds like an obsessive thing that maybe the person doing it doesn't even want to be doing it, but feels like a compulsion to do it. Yeah. You know, like, it's like, you know how OCD people are. It's like you're, you're setting things right by doing these things over and over again. You're like, or you know how sometimes it turns out where it's like their sibling who was, who died, had double the double letters. You know what I mean? Yeah. There's some weird their, they're acting out something else that had already happened, but their mom was abusive and had double letters or Jesus double letters.


Don't do it. It's so random. It's so random. And, and yet very specific I mean what if it is, it sounds I mean if there was a serial killer, a now known serial killer living in that time, in that area at that time, I mean it's probably him. Bianchi. Is it Bianchi? I mean? That's a very strange thing that that would happen there. Although he didn't. They did like teenage girls and older. Yeah. But maybe these are little kids separately. They did that. Maybe it was the other one's inclination. Oh, right. It was Anton Anthony Bono's preference. Yeah. To do the older ladies. So he went along with it. But like, oh guys, guys, this has been heavy. We really want, you know, what I want more than anything is not to have any more topics to cover on this podcast.


Like, I just want this to turn into like a, we start talking about like tea. Let's never do that because we run out of murder. Talk about, you know what I mean. Like they just stop murdering. We're like, have you ever had Moroccan mint? Yeah. Oh, it's delicious. It's great to sip while crime rates go down. So This one does have a case update. On November 30th, 2022, the Philadelphia Police Department announced that they determined the boy's identity using DNA evidence. And the boy in the box's name is Joseph Augustus Elli And I Do that whole story on episode 360 2. Yeah. Which, which is called a generous number of apples for some reason. Yeah. That's when we really got, we really got into the naming.


Yeah. The naming really, really found its stride. It Did. And that's why we like to, on this rewind episode, kind of review all the things that we said in this episode and then try to find the new modern day version of the Title. Right. Not trying to use numbers, which just quickly, quickly went downhill. I mean ultimately I'm right about puns. Ultimately we all regret them. Fair. But I do think it's just so funny that's, that's like now part of the, my favorite murder universe is just people come and say, I've been listening since the pun days. I've been listening since the number pun days. And they're like, I, I know what you're talking about. I've been listening since you set yourself up at the very beginning for a devastating fall.


Okay. So if we were to name it after something that was said during this episode, which is what we do nowadays, here are some options. I literally remember this. So Alejandra picked these out for us. You can help people you know, which is what the guy said when I came off the freeway driving home from Petaluma, the entire front end of the car fell off at the light. I can remember what's so funny about that story is that it literally is a little mini movie in my mind. It's beautiful. It was such a distinctive experience of like, I was getting help, but I also was a little bit in Trouble. You know what I'd love is for this guy to teach some life lessons to the juggler mime about how to treat people when they're going through something.


How About a little consideration where you and your miming isn't the only thing that's taking place at this Party. Right. And like, you gotta ask yourself, am I helping people right now? Yes. And I bet this guy would say, no, you're not. You're not helping. And you know you can help people. You Can help people. I do remember, 'cause we were watching the people versus OJ Simpsons, but We did call it The Simpsons. We did call it The Simpsons. Yeah, yeah. The Burbank goodbye. Because remember And, we said about, we talked about in this episode, the Brentwood hello. Which is what Faye Resnick talked about. So what would the Burbank goodbye be? We mentioned that. So Burbank goodbye is pretty good. That is a great one. Oh, real time. Real feelings.


Definitely. That's You and your feelings about your wedding. Yeah. And fix your pocket square, which is, you know, it snot, That's you setting out the rules of your relationship with your husband very early. This is about presentation, it's about photos, it's about squaring it all off. That's right. Well thanks for listening to this episode of Rewind. We hope you like them. If you do, or please, you know, rate where you subscribe, whatever the Fuck. That's right. And we appreciate you walking down memory lane with us and letting us process eight and a half years worth of feelings. Yeah, We'll keep doing it if you keep listening to it. Yeah. You have to show up for it though. We're juggle in your face with it. We are not gonna just stand here silently while you juggle.


God damn. Are we the jugglers or are they the jugglers? What if that was supposed to be my second husband? And? I just wouldn't turn my head. Oh, well stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.