
This is exactly right.


You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with code space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


Hello And welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. It is Wednesday, which can only mean one thing. That Means we're trapped in your phone, in your ears. And we're forced to recap our old shows with all new commentary, updates, and insights. Forced. We have the privilege of being forced. Today we're recapping episode 40, which at the time we named Squad Gords. Oh my God. Iconic. So iconic. Just FYI. This episode came out on October 26th, 2016. That's the same day Marty McFly traveled back in time. That's fun, right? Whoa. 'cause we're about to travel back in time. But although he traveled back to 1955, we're going back to 2016 and it also doesn't work because we're going back to October 26th and he was traveling from the, you're Overthinking.


You're overthinking this. Let's just listen to the intro of episode 40. Okay. Let's start with a prayer. Yes. Good idea. Dear Oprah, can you help us please? Please. Oprah. Oprah. We just need 1,000 thousand dollars. What if we were like Oprah's our guest in our at the Chicago Podcast Festival? What? Someone asked us that on Twitter. That's Right. That's Right. I thought that they about that. They were like, is the guest gonna be Oprah? And I immediately wrote no because I just didn't want her to be sad or have any big feelings. I don't wonder If she would talk about murder.


I feel like she's like not in that head space anymore. Oh. But I feel like that's what that show was. I mean like in the beginning that show was like, this man live his child on fire. Like they, let's give Him a makeover. For real. That show was like, oh really? Sally, Jesse Raphael. Well we're gonna take a one step lower. Yeah. However, there is one episode where club kids are on one of those shows and it's like fucking epic On Sally, Jesse. I think So. I feel like I've seen like screen grabs from that. Yeah. Anyways, Like, go ahead. No, right. I'm gonna fight. No, I won't. No. And I just, yeah, I just know.


And did you So hard. Okay, the first thing I would like to talk about is how we, although it is not our birthday, nor is it yet Christmas, you and I. Yes. We got a surprise gift from Steven. I Know. And you guys, if you ever wanna get me a gift, don't bother. 'cause this is the only gift I've ever wanted. Stephen brought Georgia and I the book Mysteries of the Unknown, the Time Life series. We each have that We talked about last week and then he went on eBay. He must have had to overnight these on eBay. I mean, here's the problem. Spend All the money in the world. The problem is you're so, like he brought over a bot like we were drink, we drink my whiskey and he brought up a bottle and like Steven No, you're like, we're supposed to be buying you all the shit.


Yes. You're our unpaid intern. It's so thoughtful also. But I get College credit At the Sat Scientology. You've got me Phantom Encounters. I mean we've some good, we're we're gonna co-own these though, right? Because I immediate the second he handed you yours, I was like, but wait, what's that one? We share these with the universe. That's true. Mine is, except for you guys can't borrow 'em. Mine is Mystic Places, which was The one in the Google image search. Yeah, That's right. With the pyramid in the eye and the Hinx some Illuminati shit. It Is some crazy. This is beautiful. I mean I just can't stop staring at it. It's the best Gift. Here's one, here's an article. Here's this a page titled Banishing Gainful Ghosts. Nice. What? Yeah. Who came up with that?


Just some bullshit time writer who was Like, Oh my God. So unhappy. Yeah. They were like, I'm so sick of talk of like writing about Nixon and Shakespeare's haunted stage. I'm getting a paycheck. Mine's tracking the Earth's energies. And look at this guy who has like those crazy sticks that go in different directions. I like it. Looks like he has one of those hats on that have like a pinwheel at the hat on the top. Oh, Steven, thank you. You're welcome. Yeah. This is amazing. Steven Ray Morris from the Per Cast podcast. Thank you. We should actually put these down. 'cause now we're reading books On our podcast. Oh my God. That's how good they are. Like you can't Oh that was terrifying. These are, I feel like these were on every coffee table in the eighties. Yeah. Where like if you went to your boring aunt's house and got stuck.


What my, my mom's classic thing was, sorry. It's adult time. So we would get like banished into the TV room and then if nothing good was on tv. 'cause there were only four channels. 'cause I'm 67. They, God bless the house that you went to that had a time life series book on the coffee table. But do you remember those people's houses you used to go to like friends or boyfriend's families when you were like staying for Christmas or whatever And it was like you had memorized the one magazine that they had in the bathroom because you went to the toilet to fucking escape. Just get away. Yeah. And so you knew that fucking the fucking US Weekly from 10 years ago. Not 10. Like it's more like four. So, but it's still maybe four still somehow crazy outdated. Yes. That that like I would've memorized every word of these books as a kid.


Yeah. Because I would've just read them over and over again at my aunt's house. That's right. And nothing when I was a child was catered to us. Yeah. There was a box of toys that were entertaining when we were under three and under. And then it was like, and if something good's on tv. Yeah. Or even if something, my boyfriend's here. Bye. Cool rider. We, we played, I remember this as a kid, like here's what it was like we played with kitchen utensils under my grandma's grand piano. And you need to shut the fuck up and play with this ladle from 1960 and like, pretend it's something. Yes. Just use your imagination. Ours was Potato mash. Ours was always just go outside.


'cause we would like, yeah, we were on a farm. There was all kinds of shit you could be doing outside. And now everyone has lime. Yeah. God, these children are tired. So thank you Steven. You're the greatest. Yeah. Steven, we really appreciate You're an angel human Couple. Should I just do some Twitter corners? Hell Yeah. Because there's been some great stuff happening on our Twitter page. First of all, Krista tweeted at us because Gary Conde is gonna appear on Dr. Phil. Shut up. He's gonna discuss the Chandra Levy murder on Dr. Phil. It took me a minute because I'm so bad with names, but now that all makes sense. Yeah. Sorry, I I should have included both. No, I'm just trying to open this link so I can tell you exactly when's gonna happen.


But I can also ask my friend. Oh yeah. 'cause it may have already been taped. Well, so we know that now the person who got, who was suspected of killing Chandra Levy was let go. That's right. And so they're starting to open up that maybe it was Gary Condon, the former senator. Well they're, they're basically, they exonerated the person who is in jail for the murder. Right. And they're, they have reopened the investigation. No one's named Gary Kdi specifically, but we do know that they've gone back in. They're looking into like basically people who gave him, what do you call that? Like I was there alibi. Oh, Alibis.


Alibis stuff. They're called. I was There. They're called the I was theirs. They were The best. I was there when he wasn't killing her. I believe it was the thing. Oh, alibis. Man. Those things get shaky after a fucking couple years. That's Right. And it's been quite some time. Oh man. And you know, he is had another affair and so his wife is like, you know what? Fuck this. Right. He wasn't at home with me watching fucking Matlock. Yeah. I feel that's kind of the, kind of the key to like an old cold case. Totally. Is. You get those people who are like, oh yeah, remember your awesome boyfriend that you would've done anything for in 1985, who is a murderer? Yeah. And it turns out wasn't all that cool To you. He actually wasn't with me that night. It turned out he also loved to give me the back of his hand across the face often.


So I Do have tell you. And he came home that night, covered in blood. He was just, he looked like a tomato. So anyhow, that's gonna be on Dr. Phil. I can't find the date. No. Doesn't Matter. That's Exciting. That's amazing. The link is on our Twitter feed also. The other thing I, I just wanted to give a shout out because we had been talking last week about how we hate carving pumpkins. Oh no. What happened? Well, Caroline sent us a picture of the most perfect Halloween jacko lantern goals for us. And this is it. It's the tiniest face carved into a pumpkin. And it made, when I saw it, it made me laugh so hard. It's, it's, It's like a, it's like an emoji. It's like the size of an emoji and the face of an emoji, like the Happy Face emoji.


It's, that's all I want in life. Give People more wine. But then on the hugest pumpkin, so it's basically like this person took a pen and stuck it into a pumpkin. It's so funny. And then they were like, where's my wine? And where are my Ritz crackers? I'm done. You can laugh out loud, Steven. That's good stuff. So that's beautiful. Beautiful. Thank you so much, Caroline. 'cause I really loved that. Can I have a quick, I quick pun corner, Please do. Squad Gourds set of goals. Squad Gourds, because It's pumpkin is a Gord. Lemme explain this. My comedy is like, kind of, you know, like it's intellectual. It's written Squad Gourds. It's written, it's reader comedy. You Gotta Squad Gourds. Let's really good. Like, gimme a hot minute.


Yeah. Mimi loves it. Oh my God. Mimi's crying laughing right now. You can't see it. But trust, She looks so bored. That's amazing. It's really good. Thank you. Uhuh. Oh, and then the, we got that super awesome for somebody. I'll find her name right now. Her name is Jessica Hollinger and she wrote an article for the week called Why I Am a Murder. Now. That was, and I love when people write article, it's been, you know, there hasn't been a lot, but when they write them and they post photos that other people of, of, of like marino's fan art. Yes. Because it makes, it's so great to get other people's art out there.


It's very cool. It's like, it's one huge communal effort kind of. Yeah. Love that. Also, the name of the article is I Am a Marto. I I added the why because I can't not do that. What, What did you say? Why? I Am a Murder. Oh, That's weird. Well, you know what? So I wanna go ahead and give someone that we need to find on the Facebook group credit for making up the word Marino. Yes. Who, who is That person? It's a dude and he's like, Hey, I came up with that. So we need to find him. Oh, yes. But someone, people are like, not people. Some people are like, let's get that fucking word and Webster's dictionary. Okay. I mean, if too Much for you. I hate stuff like that. But I don't mean for us. I mean that, I mean that the word, that that word means people who are really into true crime.


I don't mean like from the My favorite Murder podcast. I mean like the people who are into true crime. Like who are, who are you? What did you I'm a murder reino. I like that. I just feel like whenever we say the words, like, let's get this going. Yeah. Then there's gonna be like, you know, a bunch of people are like, they want us to do it, so let's do it. Which I can, that's, I know kind of stuff is of all the things we should be putting our effort behind, let's get Trump in the White House. Yeah. That's the thing that I want everybody to really get feet on the sidewalks about. Karen. People are gonna think you're, I posted something today of like, Hitler is Trump and like, look at all these photos. And someone was like, oh, thank God that I, I thought I heard you last week say that you were voting for Trump. And I'm, and I got scared and I Was, you know, what if you're scared, goodbye.


Because that means you don't have a sense of humor. Yeah. Please. Fair. I would say 75% of the things I'm saying are either sarcastic or lying. It's, that's the kind of the jungle of a personality that I have. That's Why I love you, man. Squad Gords. Fucking squad. Gords girl. Okay. I have something to talk about. Okay. From Instagram. You had Twitter corner. I have Instagram corner. That's right. All right. I'm sitting at a bar as I do on Saturday Night The Roost, which is one of my favorite bars in la. Very cool place. Dive as fuck. Hanging out with my friends. And then I like scroll to Instagram and someone tagged me in something and I open it and almost started crying and just turned it to my friend and showed her.


And she looked to me like, you know, like one of those dude looks. Yeah. Have you seen this? Oh yeah, you sent that to me. Oh, Right. Okay. Well, so Pill worm on Instagram motherfucking got a gorgeous tattoo that says Stay sexy, don't get murdered. And am I wrong to say that? It looks like I'm assuming that's a woman. Yeah. I just, 'cause that's the usual, I think it's on her like back shoulder. Yeah. But it's like across her back Shoulder's big, old big. I just wonder like, what if it turns out, oh yeah, no, we were serious about Trump. And she's like, oh fuck, I have the statue in this. These awful people are like, oh no, we're racist as fuck.


And she's like, wait a second, I just write as the tattoo machine is like zing. Yeah. There you go. $75. It's a beautiful tattoo. And it's by a girl named her under jaw tattoos. JIW tattoos made it, it's like really well done and gorgeous tattoo. And I'm like in awe Of it. It's beautiful. And I have to say, you sent me that picture. My sister sent it to me. Adrian sent it to me and April sent it to me. Like I got, it was like ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. There's another one too that I just, we can't, I have, I feel like we have to give credit to because it's like this tattoo that she, that pil worm, God is me in my twenties. This tattoo that this other girl is me in my like teens.


Yeah. And it's a poke, it's a pokey tattoo that you do when you just un I underneath this beautiful tattoo on my leg are the initials of my best friend from when I was 14. Yeah. With Indian Ink. Yeah. And so this girl did that. I'm just gonna keep talking until I find it. It says Fuck politeness. She, and she said a, it's a stick and poke. Yeah. I guess it's called. Yeah. And she wrote Fuck Politeness and stick and poke. And her name is Paulina with three As in an underscore at the end. And you can see her tattoo. It's on our, it's on Twitter up there. On Instagram. Yeah. Yeah. It's, man, it's very cool. I fucking dig it. It's, I mean, it's nice that it's, there are things that people really, that, that's resonating.


Yeah. And making people feel good and things that they like and that are enhancing their lives. Considering the, just the amount of shit that comes out of our mouth that we just don't think twice about. And then like, you know what I'm saying? My Trump Material. Is that what you're talking about again? It comes outta Karen's mouth. No, I was at the bar and I almost started crying and I'm so fucking honored and it's amazing. It's Awesome. Okay. This is a, this is like, we'll call this Laura corner because my sister, the lurker, we'll Call it the other kil. Garra, The other white K Guera. She loves the Facebook page and goes on there all the time. She's so touched by the fact that there's all these rad people talking to each other, supporting each other.


You know about Your her sister? What's that About? Her sister, right? No, no. Yeah, she's my sister. Yeah, that's what I meant. Yeah. But yes, but also talking other to each other. She's like, they're all so nice. They're So fucking nice. I mean, everyone's just cool and chill. So, but she found this, and it's her favorite, it's a guy named Dylan who's in the army and he wrote and said, I'm in the army. And I always give a short, semi-serious statement to the service personnel I supervise on Friday before we leave for the weekend. Usually I end with something like, be safe or don't die. But today I said, stay sexy, don't get murdered. And then just walked away to a bunch of guys in the military. The funny looks I got made it totally worth it. Just wanted to share that.


Love you. Oh my God. Thank you for your service. Oh my God, thank you. Thank you for all the people you freaked out for their service. But also the idea that we crossed over into a military. Military. Oh, Who? What Do you know me? Hi. Hi. That is the coolest. It's so crazy. And oh, I also wanna give a shout out, speaking of everyone being cool and awesome on the Facebook group, the moderators are fucking, they're, you know, amazing. And they best, they Bust their asses. They fuck gang school of everyone. And it's the best. Thank you guys. Yeah. What else? Let me look at my list. I made a list in a font that looks like it's, if there is a four or two font, that's what I did. 'cause it's tiny and I can't see, you Can't see anything.


What Uhoh. Here it is. Go. And we got, lots of people reached out to tell us about this because it happened in Sacramento. The woman who was walking up the street with a head on a stick. Did you hear about this story? You didn't, am I the one telling you first A head on a stick? Girl? What the fuck? Sacramento. You guys have some fucking ether in the Air. It's a flood plane. And e no one has anything to do. Everyone's just huffing shit. They're Just hot. You know what I mean? It's like, there's, there's fumes coming up from melting assholes. Do you know what else, what? Everyone has fucking lime there. I promise you. Why?


'cause you run through a full, you run through a field, a corn field, lime, lime, lime, lime, lime. And then your, your brain goes crazy. It's true. I mean, I can't argue this. Right. But then, then you put a fucking head on a, so Apparently apparently this woman had found a dead body in a abandoned homeless encampment. What that somewhere. And I, I actually looked it up on a map because I was like, where, where did this happen? Like I, I, all I could picture was myself In the late eighties, early nineties, driving all hot and bummed out in Sacramento and then looking over on the sidewalk and a woman with a head on it now. Or Would you, and here's what my problem is, is I would be the person who would, who would come upon that abandoned a homeless encampment and wanna search through it.


Well, yeah, I mean, yeah, you would. If, if you're like out in the woods or something and then all of a sudden it's like, oh, people lived here but they're not here anymore. Why? It's Like detective. Yes. You're like, well, there's gotta be a note or receipts that show when they were, you know, There, the story, the article I read was limited information. I feel like more, more to come. But it seems like this woman herself is homeless. And the, the first article I read said Head on a Stick. But then when I looked into it, it was a skull on a stick. Oh. So it's not gonna be Oh Man. As Totally nightmare town as it seemed like as they were kind of selling it. Yeah. But still the media was making something seem more.


That's crazy. I don't even, but They, in the picture it was pixelated. So there's a chance that there was some bad action on that skull. So anyway, I'm very interested to see what the next phase of like, so obviously they took her, she that everybody saw her walking down the street. Why did she do That? Well, here's my theory is either maybe she was mute or she knew that there would be a communication problem. If she said, I found a dead body, she wouldn't be able to express herself correctly. Do You think she was mentally disabled? Well, I don't know. I mean, she's a homeless person. Oh. And her choice was to put a head on a stick and walk up The street with it. She didn't wanna leave it there, but Also she decided to put a head on a stick and walk up the street with it.


So I think she probably was like, this is going to be the quickest way to get health Get, and I don't wanna touch it. And I'm gonna put it on a stick. I'm not gonna put it on the top of my head. I'm not gonna put it on my fist and like use it as a puppet. Oh no. I'm being disrespectful Now. No, it's all so bad. I'm sorry. Well, anyway, so we will, I'm gonna keep my eye out for that story and what, even what all of that is, You know what's so bananas to me and like of these stories that you hear and then you'll never hear about it again. I know. It's these like, this person got killed in the hit and run accident and then you just never hear about it again. Well the bummer too is like if this, this was an abandoned homeless encampment and somebody died there and who knows what the circumstances were, but the bo they said the body was, had been there for a while.


So they, you know, they probably won't be able to get a lot of information. Nothing. And then it's just gonna be like, yeah. And that's what happened. Okay. And like someone hasn't heard from their brother in fucking 15 years. Oh my God. I'm making myself wanna Cry. I know. So anyway, there's crime all around us, but especially in Sacramento, Everything's the worst. Just look for the best things in life. Get cats, be Stay positive. Get a dog. The dogs are good too. Should we do our podcast and we are back? Okay. Can I explain squad gords because I've been thinking about it since this episode for eight years. For eight or nine years. Yes. Absolutely.


I was thinking of Squad Gourds, which was a big like hashtag saying at the time. Yep. I should and could have said squash goals, which would've been, I still am. Like, why didn't you say? Well, I made it harder for myself by saying squad instead of squash goals, I said Squad gords. Yep. Squad Gourds. Which is just like how my, like I think to me that's like ex great example of how my brain works because Your brain doesn't work like the hashtag gals. Yes. It's very different. It's a Little harder. It's gonna take a longer route and it's gonna get there. And then the people who are there when it gets there, those are my people. Yes. Right. Also, it's the thing, you always say a thing as a standup comedian, you get trained to guess the joke.


Right? Right. So when someone is in a setup, you're like, I know what you're gonna say. Yeah. And that is basically what you do. And that's why comics are so insufferable. 'cause they always have that kind of attitude. Like, and that you can't make me laugh because I already get the joke. Yes, exactly. I just knew you were gonna say that. Oh. And I never know what the fuck you're gonna say. And in the biggest compliment way, and same with my friend Kevin Christie one time texting me. 'cause he was like binging our show. And he goes, I swear to God, I just never know what she's gonna say. And I was like, Oh my God. I know. That's the Thing. Oh my God, I might cry. You know the thi that, Oh my God, that's really touching. Because as a kid I was like that. And it made my life really fucking difficult. Yeah. And hard and like made me got get teased a lot and bullied because I was exactly like that.


And I couldn't fucking control it. No. And I still can't. Yeah. But now it works. Exactly. I'm So happy. That makes me So happy. You found your people. Oh my God. You found your calling if I may. Yeah. Yeah. And also that is like a creative brain never works in fifth grade. Right. A creative brain is despised in fifth grade. Wow. Because that's ultimately like when you're supposed to start really fitting in. Yeah. And my brain always was like, Karen, stand over there and say this really loud. And it's like, no quiet. We're trying to be shy. Oh my God. It's like, nope, you're not going to be Oh my God. Yeah. Be like, be cute and timid now. No. Just be fucking weird.


Not an option. I love it. I love it. I'm so happy about that. Yeah. Okay. What else did we talk about? I still have Steven's book that he gave me. Do you have yours? Oh yes. And prominently displayed. Yeah. I mean, that was, first of all, Steven. Steven. It's been so long. I know we miss him. But that was that kind of thing where I was like, this is the loveliest gift. Yeah. It was, it was like a gift where it was someone like went into my mind and went, what do you want? You don't even know what you want. So thoughtful. Totally. Like, you wouldn't know that you want this. And I found it. I put effort and time into it. And you're like, what are you doing? Also? 'cause when Steven, and maybe even when you were Growing up, did you see those infomercials for mysteries in the Unknown?


Yeah. Oh, okay. Obsessed. Yeah. Oh, I thought we were gonna get abducted by aliens. Yeah. I was so obsessed with that. Stuff's like Ghost A woman. A woman in Ohio cuts her hand. Yes. And It crossed the country. Her twin sisters starts to bleed or whatever. This, That truly was the monoculture back then. It was like we all saw one commercial. Yeah. Freaked Out shit. Oh, they're the alien in the barn. That's, man, it's fucking happening. It's happening right now. It all Over. All right, well let's get into Karen's story, which is one I had never heard. This is so fascinating. When I think about a lot, this is the My Way killings. Ugh. Yeah.


You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with code space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


Alright. It's my turn to go first This week. It's absolutely not. It is. No it isn't. But I don't care. No, no, no. You went first last week. No, I didn't. I went first. I had the eyeball killer. And you went, you're right. Oh, no. Right up to the second. You were positive. I'm telling you, man, I can argue anything, even though I don't know or believe it. I can just, I Was totally, I was like, shit. Okay. Me too. This is this one. The Let's go. Oh yeah.


Everybody calm down. The reason that I, this is my murder This week, is because Guy Branham, a friend of the show, hilarious comedian, asked me if I'd heard of these killings. And it was, he's good. He's so good. And when he said what they were, I was like, my brain wrote an entire thing of what it meant. Oh, It's one of those names. Yeah. And then so takes place in the Philippines and they're called the My Way killings. Okay. So let me paint the picture for you a little bit.


It will be a little bit confusing at the beginning, but I'm just gonna run down a little information for you. And then it'll all become clear. Get addict, get outta town, get addict. Get up into that attic. Okay. So I don't know if you guys know this. I didn't until I started looking into this, that Filipinos love karaoke. They fucking love it as a nation. It's basically their national pastime. Okay. Almost every Philippine home has a karaoke machine. Whoa. They would hate me. It's why could you? Why? Because I can't sing for shit and I'm scared of karaoke.


It's, I, I'm scared of karaoke. Well, we'll talk about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's, so let's pick this About us. Menie me Menie. So they, every, every birthday party, every holiday party, and they have so many karaoke and voke, which is a different version of karaoke where you get scored against other people that are doing karaoke that night. Who Scores you The machine. Holy shit. So it's how many, there's another thing that's like that. Maybe it's banned. Jesus Christ. Sorry, I just hit my microphone. Man. Machines are fucking taking over and judging us now and storing us.


Oh, Guitar Hero. It's a little bit like guitar here where it knows if you're hitting the right notes or not. Right. That makes Sense. And so you get a score for video. So it actually gets very competitive in the bar. So if you're singing like it's whoever's getting the best score on their song, can We all just chill? Please. I mean, so in, in the Philippines there's kts, which is, stands for karaoke television. And that bar is wholesome. It's like your whole family can go there. People have parties there or whatever. Okay. They cater to all ages. They serve food. There's private rooms, then there's regular karaoke bars that are laid back. You, you have a drink, you embarrass yourself publicly. That's the whole idea of it.


Good times don't Go there. If you wanna just chill, it's like there's singing. It's fine. Yeah, exactly. Or it's funny and you're gonna get drunk and whatever. Sometimes there's even a live band to do vocals with that is awesome. But then there's nightclubs and they're nightclub. The thing that are called nightclubs in the Philippines are basically strip clubs with karaoke. And there's exotic dancing. There's backroom that feature more than just singing That's direct directly from an article that I was Reading. What is more than just saying? Well, so basically they have women who work there that they're called guest service.


Yes. Officers. GI think Guest service officers. And they're basically like strippers that are paid to sit with the guys at the tables. They have those in Japan. I, they're not strippers for sure. They're, you know, but they are sit and have a conversation like Hosts. Yes. They're hostesses. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're gonna get, so I feel like it the, basically they're trying to get a bunch of things done at once at their nightclub. So they kind of offer all these different things, like To get people in. Exactly. Yeah. Even in remote villages, families living in bamboo huts will have a karaoke machine in their house. Wow. Yeah. Which is because it's amazing. And so the, the world's first karaoke machine was invented.


It was called the Duke eight. And it was in, built by a Japanese inventor and musician named Dki II in 1971. But the current patent holder is the Filipino inventor, Roberto del Rosario. Hmm. And he developed the karaoke sing-along system in 1975. So it's basically like, it's their hometown invention. That's awesome. So I was looking into like, it's why is singing this popular in the Philippines? And just a little background, nearly 50% of the people who live in the Philippines, and that's estimated 87 million people live on less than $2 a day. Wow.


And many are forced to eke out a living, selling scrap brick, a brack or begging lot of impoverished neighborhoods. The karaoke machine is the one luxury that the whole community gets to enjoy and, and doesn't do without. So basically that's their only entertainment and it's the closest a lot of them get to come to escape besides drinking and whatever. Wow. It's like you have a little moment where, you know, you can kind of be good. And also, I looked it up, research is, there's a time, medical Time magazine article that was written in 2013 about the positive effects of singing in a way.


And they research researchers just, I'm just reading from this article thing, but they research researchers discovered singing is like an infusion of the perfect tranquilizer. That kind, that both soothes your nerves and elevates your spirits. You feel elated when you sing, which comes from an endorphins, a hormone released by singing, which is associated with feelings of pleasure. And it, they, you also release oxytocin, which is a chemical that's found to alleviate anxiety and stress. And it, it enhances feelings of trust and bonding. Bonding. Which is explains why more studies have found that singing lessens feelings of depression and loneliness.


A very recent study, even attempts to make the case that music evolved as a tool of social living. Holy shit. And the pleasure that comes from singing together is our evolutionary reward for coming together cooperatively instead of hiding alone in a cave by yourself. Oh, wow. Yeah. Wow. That is fucking heavy and intense. I know. And crazy and like, makes me wanna sing a lot more to myself. It's also m make, when I read that, I was like, oh, that's why I'm immediately start crying when I hear like gospel music, when like amazing or amazing choral music or like musicals. Well, when I go to like Temple, the rare times I go to Temple and we sing these songs in a language I don't understand, but I know what it means.


And we all know the words in Hebrew, which is fucking crazy because I don't speak Hebrew. Yeah. It's this beautiful, like, it feels Yeah. It feels like community. Yes. Yeah. And that feeling, it's like it's doing the work for you. Yeah. Where being there and being submerged in that sound connection is bonding you to those people that you're doing it with. Fuck. It's very cool. I'm gonna not, I'm gonna not hide my voice next time Vince and I are driving and he puts a song on that. I know. 'cause I'm like, sing really quietly. No, Go for It. Yeah. Who cares? Yeah. I mean, because that's the other thing is I, I've always been like a big loud, I came up on like, the Annie cast album. Yeah. So like, just big, loud nose singing has always been my thing.


But it's very, it's a also, I think part of, for me, singing is so embarrassing 'cause it's so personal. Yeah. That once you do it, I think people respond to it because they know how hard it is. It's like public speaking or anything else. I'm amazed. And I've seen you sing and I'm ama I can't, I'm so in awe of people who can draw things that don't look like the nothing close to what it's supposed to be, and people who can sing. It's just, it's, it's amazing to me. Yeah. When I first started singing though, doing like, doing songs on stage, the fir I would say the first 15 times I did it, IC it was very quiet. Like I couldn't breathe very well. Yeah. And it was just so, but I just kept doing it anyway.


Yeah. Somehow, I don't know why. That's life. Anyway, sorry. Yeah. But off of me, unfortunately, I'm gonna change the subject off of myself. And so Anyway, Right. All these factors are part of that cultural phenomenon. It's basically these people are figuring out how to self-soothe. And it's like, life is really hard. There's, you know, a lot of people like have it hard and, you know, live. It's, it's also a very violent place. There's a ton of illegal guns there. There's a lot of machismo, culturally. A lot of fighting. And it's so, so there's the need for that kind of release valve.


Yeah. And that's where they find it, which is actually really beautiful. Totally. So all of these factors contribute to a disturbing phenomenon that's taken place in the past decade. There have been over a dozen murders of people singing the song My Way. Stop your fucking face. Are you fucking kidding me? I swear to God to that song. Oh my God. To That, that song Losing My mind. Like you said that, that everything leading up to this was beautiful. I really led you down the Stony path. You Really, I thought I was like, and then Inventor got killed. I did not expect the craziest thing I've ever heard in my life.


I'm so excited. Isn't it so good? So it's so good. When Guy said that to me, he was like, have you heard of the My Way murders in the Philippines? I was just like, immediately like, please let there be a serial killer that goes around to karaoke bars and only kills people in their car after the thing. Whatever story. Well, you Know what I, I was gonna say, I was gonna say, I didn't know what was gonna be. And I was like, oh, My Way must be a place in fucking the Philippines, My Way Phil. You know, it's like, that's how you say it. M ei My Way and it's gonna be that. No, It, this is so much more intriguing. It's so good because, so, I mean, it sucks. I'm so sorry for everybody. You type Yeah. Tell me everything. It's, it's Rough. So on May 29th, 2007, a 29-year-old karaoke singer of the song My Way, and it's, if you haven't heard it, it's the Frank Sinatra hit from 1969.


It was written by Paul Lanka. And it's basically a biographical song. It was written for Frank Sinatra. It's just basically like, my career's been like this 'cause I fucking did it My Way. Yes. It's been hard. But also I kicked ass. And it's super braggy braggadocio. It's Basically a go fuck yourself to everyone. It's a go fuck yourself. I did it My Way. Right. Yeah. It's a bit self-explanatory. But also, fuck you Frank Lacher. He's a dick. I hate that guy. Do you hate Frank? Fucking hate? I think he's a dick. Well, I love him. And so now we're in a fight. Congratulations. Read what he did to fucking Mia Pharaoh. Oh no, I know. Yeah. It's, that's rough stuff. Okay. Sorry, go ahead. No, no, it's okay. So a 29-year-old karaoke singer of the song, My Way at a Bar in San Mateo Resolve was shot Dead as he sang the tune by the barge, security guard who was arrested after the incident.


According to reports, the guard complained that the young man's rendition was off key. And when the victim refused to stop singing, the Guard pulled out a 38 caliber pistol and shot him dead. So this, this is the other thing about the song My Way, it's pretty hard to sing because it's in this weird key where it's low, it goes up high. But there's, when you're in the low part, especially if you're drunk, is like, But there is a casual drunkness to it too, the way Frank Sinatra sings it. That it's just like an, I actually don't care that much about the, you know? Yeah. It's almost talk singing In certain parts. Yeah. And it's, it's very Dr It's like a long song. Yeah.


It gets, it's draggy And it's sad. It could be like depressing if you're in a bar drinking and you just wanna fucking hang out. Right. Exactly. So it's actually become such a problem that it, that song has been taken off of most karaoke bar song lists because people don't want the problem. They don't want Ch I'm freaked. I thought it was one guy. It's going around doing this. It's just like a Okay. It's, It's a, it's basically, it's a thing that causes people to fight and murder. Dude, Dude, I'm gonna lose My mind so fucking crazy. Okay. So there was actually an article in the New York Times about it, and the writer asked, are the killings the natural byproduct of the country's culture of violence, drinking and machismo?


No. Or is there something, or is there something inherently sinister about the song, which is kind of funny. Like it's a cursed song that you will die at the end. No. Or, you know, it Was one, the first person who was mentally unstable, who brought his 38 to work and killed a guy. And then everyone else is copying him. Yes. So next. So anyways, moving. Sorry. Well, But no, that's a Think It's a good theory there. Most of those karaoke bars that I was describing to earlier are really violent places anyway. It's like, people are going there to blow off steam. They're going there to get shitfaced. Yeah. There's a lot of steam to be blown off. Okay. And so there's, there's lots of fights.


Anyway. So there's nefarious people who have, who are there anyways. Yes. But they often fight over bad singing and the singing of boring songs. I Could see that. And they, so they're saying it could just reflect the popularity of the song combined with the popularity of karaoke, combined with the violent and Culture and the competitive nature too Of it. That's exactly right. Because that one video or whatever, it literally scores you. Yeah. So you're in a bar, you're trying to have a good time on a Friday night. You've got the hired gals here and the real gals over here, and you're going up there and you're trying to be cool. You don't wanna suck. And in your drunk mind, I mean, how many times have you been to karaoke where someone's like, I'm gonna sing.


Like, what if God Was one of us? Or something where you're like, Please don't that to us. Fuck you. You, I know you're showing off. Sing something with your fucking friends. Don't Sing Nora Jones at a karaoke Bar. Oh my God. You're making me, You can s You can't seem like Nora Jones. Yeah. Just get, get some. Should I stay or should I go Let people have a good time? The car's always good. Cars Blondie's probably always good Blondie cars. Just shut the fuck up. Don't do fucking Fiona Apple. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Don't bring that, don't bring that sadness to your own Door. No, don't bring me down. No. Another great song. All right. So I lost my spot.


I can keep talking and naming songs. People should sing if You want now. Shit, this is all repetitive. What was the second murder? Tell me the second murder. Shit. I'm gonna first tell, I'm gonna tell everyone in the meantime. Yeah. About I, I did the thing where I click and it flicks me back to the top and then I lose my spot. The only time I've done karaoke where I was like, that was the fucking coolest, is I did it at a bowling alley in Eagle Rock. And they happen to fucking have Dead Kennedys on there. Ooh. They happen. It was Kill the Poor. Which is like not, it wasn't like the Song guys that sarcasm just in case. Yeah. It was No, no, no. It was a song called Kill the Poor. No, I know. It's Like, okay, I'm sorry. I fucking killed it. Like, I already knew those songs.


'cause I was 14 and obsessed with De Kennedys. Yes. And I, I was just fucking, I had a couple beers already, But people went crazy. My three friends that were there and the rest of the empty bar Yes. Were like, yeah, Georgia. They were like high five. Yeah. That's the opposite of the, one of the few times I've done karaoke is my friend put my name in without telling me, oh, fuck you. You know what song she picked for me? Oh no. Nothing compares to you. That's Kind of cute Though. No, it isn't. Because talk about My Way. It's a dirge. It's just like, you're right. Yeah. No one could you Sound No, it doesn't matter.


You can be Like, I'm sorry, everyone's gonna tweet at us right now and be like, yeah, but Karen, that was better than I've ever sounded in my life. Stop. Be. Here's the thing. You can, you can. No, I agree. You can have the best singing voice in the world. Don't do it to us. Yeah. It's that she, that was basically like a prank song. It's, I am You Have Bad Crime should be able to murder people if they put your name down without you knowing it on back. That is unacceptable. Yeah. That's, yeah. Actually, I just shouldn't have gone. But it was one of those things where there were so few people in the room. Yeah. They're like, Karen, Karen, kill Karen. And then they're like, Baha, get up there now. Get up there, girl. Wait. You're comedian. You're supposed to have a sense of humor. And then I'm all there. You we're not. You can't trust us. Here's the thing. There's such a problem with violence in karaoke bars that they actually hire gay men or transsexual men.


They call them balas. And they're, they are there to diffuse the undercurrent of tension with the male patrons of karaoke bars because they're not seen as rivals for the women. Oh. And they're not seen as rivals for the singing. So they're, that's beautiful. And, and they're there and they, it's basically like drag queen comedy. Like, they come in and make jokes and like it all, it basically keeps the tension down. That's, That was poor. That's beautiful. It really is nice. But it also is kind of funny that that's the amount of competition and tension in those bars is so extreme. Yeah. That, that happens. You Know, in the very beginning of the story, they sounded so chill and it sounded like families were there.


Well, yeah, but No, But there are places in this world, there's gotta be Chuck E. Cheeses that are fucking dangerous, man. That, that fucking, and somewhere in, In the Inland Empire, New Jersey or the Inland Empire. Fucking, that's where mobsters meet. Yeah. You Don't wanna, you one bad drunk dad near the pizza station. Oh. And you're like, oh, this is a ruined Saturday. And then he gets fucking cement shoes and gets thrown to the ball pit. Oh, the mafia guy. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. Here's a really good quote and I will wrap it up here. No, I love it. This guy Is, this guy that got interviewed for that New York Times article, said in the Philippines, life is Difficult. Difficult. And he is a man who repairs watches at a street kiosk.


There's government corruption. It's a weak economy that's driven a lot of Filipinos to work overseas. His own wife is a maid in Lebanon. Mm. And so he says, but you know, we have a saying, don't worry about your problems. Let your problems worry about you. Aw. Yeah. That's right. So that's, they're just trying to deal. I also, there's just a couple on the Wikipedia page. They had other video karaoke rage incidents in other countries, which is kind of funny. Oh my God. Just saying it's not, some people get really competitive about karaoke. There have been several reported cases of singers being assaulted, shot or stabbed, mid performance, usually over how the songs are sung in Malaysia.


A man in 2008 in a coffee shop was performing and he hugged the karaoke microphone so long that he was stabbed to death by other patrons, plural. Oh. And everyone had a knife on them. Yeah. Or what if It was like butter knives. Butter knives. So it's like, took forever to Stab him. Dude. And this is rough in Thailand, a man was arrested because he shot eight of his neighbors to death. One of whom was his own brother-in-law. Because they were singing Take Me Home Country roads repeatedly and terribly. We've talked about my ex roommate who just sang Moon Shadows, played the bass in sang moon Shadows just into the Night.


I'm being followed by a moon shadow. That Song, wait, what's the other one? Yeah, that one. That over. And, and, and she was a bass player, so she was playing it on bass like it wasn't even guitar. Oh my God. So I get it. Yeah. I murdered her. A man hacked two other men to death with a meat cleaver over a fight, over a karaoke microphone in China one time. Who the fuck knew? I mean, it's, it's pretty intense. I mean, I get it. I get angry at karaoke when I get an evite to a friend, a friend's birthday party at a karaoke like private room. Yes. Like, I don't want to, I wanna go sit at the bar and talk to you.


Yeah. And You don't see, I don't wanna watch you sing Abba bad And like drink so much sake that I have a headache. Yeah. And, and pay $18 for chicken wings. Well be grateful that you live in a country where you basically don't have to sing karaoke all the time. 'cause it sounds like that's kind of just what people do. Oh, that's true. It's like, you can't be like, no, I'd rather go bowling. Nope. Everyone's like bowling. That's not a thing Here. Are you crazy? We don't do that. I mean, can we start ski balling instead of karaoke? Do you know how happy that would make me? Do You know how shot you would get? Anyway? I really, yeah. That's my murder. I'm done That. I love that.


It's Pretty good. Right? I would've never known about that. I know me either. But I really, I have to admit, I really did want it to be just one guy in like a trench coat. Sure. Who would watch you sing My Way and then kill you in the parking Lot? Well, we're gonna write this Nicholas Cage. Are you available? I feel like you might be Nick. I have a sinking sensation. You are going to be a gritty cop. A gritty ex-cop. Hired as a security guard. Get a karaoke bar. Where's, where's William Defoe come in? Where Is he? He's doing a lot of Snickers commercials right now, but I think we could get him on this project. Okay. We're back. Wow. Karen, any updates?


I mean, not specifically, just the update of me being reminded by going back to this story that when I first heard about the My Way killings, I truly thought there was a singular serial killer killing anyone at a karaoke bar that was singing that song. I, We still need to write it. I mean, we absolutely Should. It still needs to be wr, But also the amount of work that would take Oh yeah. Like it's so specific. Yeah. But we could get, we have our own media company now. We could fund it. We could film it. Remember we could we A green screen. Oh my God. We'd shoot it right in there. Yeah. I thought you meant we could fund a person that would do that. Oh. It's like, I don't really wanna invest in that. I think that's wrong. Here's the updates I can give you. Okay.


Since 2016, there have been no widely reported incidents, specifically linked to the singing of Frank Sinatra's My Way in karaoke settings. However, karaoke related violence, of course, continues to occur globally. Usually stemming from disputes over performances. And then parenthetically, I would add And too much liquor. Yeah. 'cause one, they're one and the same. They, you know, you get there, you think you have it. Yeah. You know the pride, the beer, Ugh. Maybe a couple whiskey shots. Sure. Someone sings way better than you. You get up and your dream dies. What was the last karaoke song you sang? It Was the one my friend made me sing. Nothing compares to you. Oh, that's good.


It's just like a Never doing this again. No, I won't do it again. I might, I won't. I should. I should. I mean, I feel like it would be really freeing. Depends on who's there Care. Yeah. I won't never do it in front of strangers again, like at a bar night. But I'll do it with friends if it struck me. You know what I mean? Yes. Because actually the last time I really did karaoke, I just didn't think of it. 'cause it wasn't a karaoke bar. It was those individual booths. And I was in New York City. Oh, there's, oh, those are the best. And this was my favorite because my friend Hailey was kind of drunk and she kept, she wanted to do an entrance for her song. So she took the mic and the mic cord and walked out into the hallway and then kept missing the intro. Oh my God. Because she couldn't hear the beginning of the song. Oh, that's such A drunk thing to do like Four times.


Yeah. Where I was crying. I was like, please stop. I'm laughing so hard. Like it was the best bit and she was not doing it on purpose at all. That's like, it reminds me of the cat, like something a cat would do. Yeah. You know what I mean? Where they're just like, no, I've got this. They're Like, I start it over, I'll do it this time. And it's like, if you can't hear it out there, yeah, you'll miss it every time. Always. You can't knock to start Whatever Abba song she was trying to sing. Oh my God. So there have been Alison Nagai, our writer, went through and found us some karaoke violence stories. Oh, they're notable. For example, in Parks Australia. Elvis Presley impersonator, Bernie Perry was found dead in his home after a karaoke night at the Royal Hotel, and a fellow musician was charged with his murder.


Wow. Yes. So, you know, I think the, the drama around karaoke continues, Always will tell us your karaoke stories for hometowns. Guys, Good One. We wanna hear your fucking horrible, wonderful, worst, best karaoke stories. Yes. Send them to my favorite murder at Gmail, please. Have you been discovered at karaoke? Did you did you get broken up with because of your karaoke performance? That would be amazing. Please let us know. God, my fantasy is that I'm a with friends, a karaoke night starts. I don't wanna do it. Everyone makes me do it. And then I sing some awesome like Rihanna song. Ugh. Like something genuinely cool. Yeah. And that's why it'll never happen, right?


Is 'cause that's not how karaoke works. Last time I thought about this when I was drunk, and I'm like, what is gonna be my karaoke song? I think it needs to be Doja Cat Paint the Town Red. But I can't sing like her. So it's, I like, I thought of that. Not even at karaoke. So that's like a terrible idea. Right? But one time Vince and his friend Jesse, did. I put your picture away by Kid Rock and Cheryl Crow, which I just think is the funniest. I don't think I could fucking, I think I would just piss myself laughing. Also, those two dudes are the most dude dudes of all time. They're mid Western dudes through and through. Just like beer in hand. Yeah. How's it going? Yeah. Types of dudes. Sheryl Crow and Kid Rock. God. That's funny. Yeah. All right. Well, now it's time for Georgia's story.


This is the murder of Scott Amme.


You know, when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus, Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to Talkspace dot com. Match with a licensed therapist today at Talkspace dot com. Save $80 with code space 80 at Talkspace dot com.


Girl, just hard workers. It's Your time to shine. All right. Mine's, I think this, this episode is a pop culture episode. Okay. And we actually touched on this, and I didn't, I didn't go as deep into this earlier as I wanted to because I was like, we're getting into my murder territory. All right, Karen? Yes. 1995. I remember. Do you remember what you used to do when you'd come home from school? Or when you'd wake up at 3:00 PM and you'd sit down with a bowl of cereal? Karen, would you watch daytime talk shows like Maury Povich? Yes. And like Jenny Jones.


Thank you. Yeah. And for example, Yep. Jenny Jones. Yeah. All right. So this, this one, I, I wanna, I feel like we have a lot of young listeners who don't know what it was like back then. Before we did reality TV shows. We had daytime talk shows that were introducing us to interesting characters and fucked up things. And it was all salacious and shitty and tawdry. But it was fascinating and amazing. And sometimes great. Some of the things, and then Sometimes they'd just be makeovers Some, yeah, I was gonna say, so there would be, I wrote like a couple things. Lie detector cheating. Yes. So like a, a guy would come out and they like, are you cheating on me?


Lie detector. Yeah. Out of control teens. Just all love That. Send 'em that bootcamp. Send 'em boot camp right in their face. Yes. Yeah. Scream in their face. And then I wrote Fucked up makeovers. Yeah. Because They're always like, you don't dress like a mom 'cause you are wrong. Yeah. And they always rhymed. They Always rhymed. Oh, shit. And then there would be a weird entrance where they would walk down like a fake catwalk at the end. Oh, yeah. But to me, I was always like, I liked you better when you had that weird leopard print tank top on. You Look so boring now. Yeah. Yeah. That And then the audience would just scream shit. It was just like a free for all. Yeah. And it was fun. Good times. And we watched the shit out of that. Yeah. So one of those people that had a show, because everyone was getting them at the time, but I actually liked the show a lot, was the Jenny Jones show.


And Jenny Jones had been, I don't know, an actress, singer. Singer. She was a standup comic singer. Was She really? Jenny Jones was a standup comic. I will just slide this one in, please. Who was on, she, and she always wore a tiny blue sequin dress for her sets. She had really big blonde hair. She was basically kind of like the cheesecake, standup comic girl that was like, I look like this, but now I'm gonna, now I'm gonna get real and tell you stuff like this. Wow. So it was like she would be quote unquote playing against her own type. Sure. In her standup comedy. Well, thank you for doing my research. 'cause I totally meant to do that. No problem. And so, all right. A lot of fucked up sh a lot of fucked up episodes.


Let's catch on March 6th, 1995, when an episode was taped. That was pre, the premise was people revealing their crushes. All right. So one guy named Jonathan Schmitz, who's 26, he's brought in under the guise of someone has a big secret crush on you, and the crush will be revealed on stage. Okay. I just have to say, in a setup like this, I feel like this is everyone's dream come true. Like, isn't that We all wanted to be on these? It's The stuff of like, but even aside from being on tv, the idea of someone going, yeah, someone likes You. I've been obsessed with you, and I'm, and I'm crazy about you. Like when your friend goes, Oh my God, you know who likes you?


Yes. Isn't that like basically a high point of life that's kind of like totally what we all Live for when you find out, and it's like, and I don't know, I, I feel like this is so nineties and, and such a, like, we passed notes. We didn't have writing on people's message boards and texting. That's Pretty social media. Yeah. We, we passed notes and we passed rumors and gossip through our friends, and there was no other way of fucking handling it. Exactly. You couldn't find out what anybody was doing or where anyone was going. It was all gossip, All gossip. What the producers didn't tell Jonathan was that the actual name of the show was Same Sex Crushes revealed.


They didn't tell him that Jonathan was straight. So he goes on the show, as he says, out of curiosity, he later claims that the producers implied that the, that the admirer was a woman. So they didn't, they didn't keep him in the dark. They told him as a woman, although they claimed they didn't tell him that. And they told him that he would meet the girl of his dreams. Oh. So he's on stage and they're like building it up as they do. I mean, these shows were great at doing this kind of thing. Yeah. And the Secret Admire comes out, and it's Scott Bernard and, oh, God, I meant to look this up.


Amdu. And he was acquaintance of Schmitz. They had lived near each other in Lake Orion, Michigan. And when Scott comes out, he reveal, he reveals his crush to Jonathan. Jonathan is visibly shaken and embarrassed apparently, and states that he's heterosexual. And, but he laughs it off, and he is amiable. And then Scott goes on to tell the audience about a fantasy that involved Jonathan and whipped cream and strawberries and champagne. And then that's when Jonathan becomes enraged. Mm. On camera, I think, in his heart.


Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Not on camera. So this, and, and so another thing for like 1995 for people to understand is that the, that homophobia was fucking, I know it seems like we're in a different place now, but homophobia was hard fucking core Also. It was, it, it was completely Okay culturally for people to be homophobic. Yeah. It was crazy actually. Even If you weren't homophobic, making gay jokes was okay. It happened constantly. Yeah. And there was no, there were no voices to say, Hey, go fuck yourself, or You are in the wrong, or anything like that. Yeah. This isn't Okay. This is The, you don't understand.


The prevailing attitude was like, that's funny. Or that's, that's something to mock, or that's something disgusting. Or it's, you know, it's, it's a very different time now. And that's not that long ago, which is so troubling. And so that, you know, in 1991, Paul Rashard, who is a, a 27-year-old Houston area banker, died after a gay bashing incident outside of Houston Nightclub, where nine high schoolers beat and stabbed him to death. Oh. And this was what life was like back then. You can't not mention Matthew Shepherd in 98, 19 98, that Was 98. 98. Fuck. He was beaten, tortured, and left to ultimately die in Laramie, Wyoming.


Yeah. So this was, this wasn't a, like, you know, we will make fun of gay people time. This was a, if you're in certain parts of the country and certain people wanna fuck with you, and you're gay, you know? Yeah. I mean, and, and not to say that it doesn't happen now as well, But there's such, it, it's just a totally different Yeah. There are people who will speak up against it everywhere you go. Yeah. There's a shift of understanding that, that, that, You know, and a shift of identity Yeah. Of like, of people that are saying all those, all the prevailing attitudes of like, this is a deviance, as opposed to, no, I am your relative. Yeah. I'm your brother, your friend. I'm, it's people that, you know, this isn't some aberration that it's like, It's not an affliction.


It's who you, it's a, it's an identity. And also it's the majority of the popul, not the majority of the population, but it's an even amount. There used to be a, like, there was a government, an old, old government projection that said 10% of the population was gay. Right. When it's way, way higher. Yeah. So it's just that thing of like, you know, it's, it's an educational process that's taken us forever. And it's great. I mean, as much as I fucking hate the internet, it's like there's, you would never have known what a huge population of people who are way fucking different than you in every way are out there. Unless, you know you had that, the internet. Right. And people have a voice now.


Yeah. Yeah. Fuck yeah. So, Hmm. Let's cut back to three days after the taping. And Scott leaves a suggestive note on Jonathan's at Jonathan's house. Jonathan finds the note and withdraws money from the bank, purchases a shotgun, and then went over to Scott's mobile home. He questions Scott about the note, and then Jonathan goes back to his car, gets his gun, and goes back to the trailer. He shoots Scott twice in the chest with a 12 gauge buckshot at such close range.


That paper wadding from the shotgun shell ended up on Scott's heart. Oh. While a fragment of the other shell's casing entered his left lung. So, like, this is a Look at me while I'm fucking killing you. Situation. After killing Scott, Jonathan leaves the residence and he calls 9 1 1 and confesses. Wow. Yeah. Okay. So let's see. Okay. During the trial, he's arrested during the trial, it's stated that Scott's friend, Scott's friend, says that after the taping of the Jenny Jones show, Scott and Jonathan actually went out drinking together and had an alleged sexual encounter.


So it's possible, this whole thing, I mean, that's, that's a weird element to it. They don't talk about a lot in a lot of these articles. It's Alleged. 'cause it's hearsay. Yeah. Yeah. It's totally hearsay. But a It's hearsay. That that's, yeah. It, It kind of, it puts the, it puts the level of anger into, in it makes a little more sense to me, you know? Yeah. Or it could be a lie. It could be a lie to justify. No, no, no. But this is, this is Scott's friend. This is the guy who got killed friend said that, that they went out together that night. But you're right. Okay. Okay. No, no. I'm just, I'm just saying, yeah. Alleged is a big word. Yeah. So he's found guilty of secondary murder in 1996, sentenced to 25 to 50 years in prison.


Convictions overturned upon retrial, found guilty of the same charge once again, sentenced, reinstated. Oh. In 1999, Scott's family sues the Jenny Jones show tele pictures and Warner Brothers for the ambush T tactics and their negligent role that led to the death of Scott. The jury found that the Jenny Jones show was irresponsible and negligent, and that the show intentionally created an explosive situation without due concern for the possible consequences, which is like fucking every reality show right now, too. The Michigan jury found the Jenny Jones show negligent and responsible for the events.


They gave Scott's family over 25000006.5 in funeral costs and burial, 5 million for the pain and suffering, and 10 million each for loss of comp, companionship, and compensation. But the judgment was later overturned by the Michigan Court of Appeals in a two to one judgment. And the Michigan Supreme Court declined to hear the case. So then they never had to pay that money. No, it wasn't Jenny Jones'. And it wasn't their fault, you know, although there was apparently a letter saying that that was, I don't know.


It, it seems like they didn't fucking tell him what, what he was expecting. And, you know, so it's, so they're at fault. And the producers decided not to air the show, but you can see it on court TV's coverage of the trial. And it's also featured in an HBO documentary called Talked to Death. Ooh. But man, Wow. So fucking sad, isn't it? Well, also it makes me think, 'cause you you said like that I could happen again, but I bet you after that a shit ton of rules were put into place Oh, yeah. By production companies that were like, and if you do this, you have to do this. Like, like say something like, on Maury Povich or whatever, like, I'm sure all those other really exploitive Sally Jessy Remember cheaters recently.


Yeah. Yeah. Cheaters was crazy. Oh, Oh my God. I used to watch that all the time. But I mean, that's kind of, the host Got Stabbed. Yeah. Yeah. The host got stabbed, remember? Yes, that's right. You know what I've always had a problem with is, so you, when you're on a TV show, or you're gonna be in an area where there's a taping, you have to sign a, you know, a waiver saying you're okay with your, your, you know, your image. But, you know, I bet they had him sign that before this happened. No, here's the thing. Tell me everything, you know, Here's what I know Yeah. Is that it's only in certain states that you have to do that. Oh. And 'cause there's certain states where, like in New York City, you can film, you can walk down the street and film and you're, and you're fine.


In California, you can't do that. Okay. So in California, like when we would, like on jobs, I've had, you have to stick signs up. Right? Now you, in New York, you have to do the same thing. You have to put up a sign that says you're about to walk past a rolling camera or whatever. Due process, Basically. Exactly. But in California, you have to have waivers. So if you Right, if we would do Man on the street stuff, and there'd be a lady that would walk behind the interview and then go, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. It was something great that you wanted to use. You'd have to have PAs run polish down to get that lady to make sure she signed. Or you could not use the footage, because basically the footage then becomes the proof. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like you, they have a a, a open and shut case that like Yeah. You film me and I didn't say you could, and I, you don't have the paper that says, I said you could, so you can't use it.


So what about when you worked on, like, talk shows and you had guests that would come in, like they signed shit beforehand, like that Anything you say can be aired. You can't go back and be like, you, I didn't expect this question to be asked of me. And I don't want this on, on Tv. Oh, well, no, you, they do do that. Yeah. Like, ask questions that they, they weren't either prepped for or whatever. But that's more that goes into like a more of a celebrity thing. Yeah. They would, I don't think they do that to like human interest guests that much. Right. But in the celebrity world where they're like, okay, this is the person that just had the affair and it's in the news, and everyone knows this person just had the affair. And so the publicist is like, you will not be talking about the affair if you If you ask the question, we're fucking leaving.


Exactly. And then the producer goes, of course we won't. Of course we won't. Yeah. And then when they're sitting there, everybody makes that call. They literally make that call where they're just like, ask the question. The question, get a gets asked The celebrity answers the question because they're in that situation. Yeah. Where, what they're, what are they gonna do? And They don't wanna be rude. And the publicist goes, bat chip bananas backstage. I've seen this. I mean, like that. I haven't, it's not like I've been in those gotcha situations. Yeah. I've never worked on gotcha. Shows like that. But that is a thing that's done where then it becomes a political thing. But usually between the publicist and the show where it's like, I will never come back. None of my clients will come here. Yeah. I will pull this. I, and it, it becomes like A thing.


But they're like, this is this worth losing all those clients? Because Angelina Jolie said, whatever the fuck about marriage. Exactly. It's worth It. Let's just fucking do it. But they, it's worth do. They're, it's worth the ratings. We will be the first people to have had the word on this. And then the publicist see that the movie that they're making gets way more fucking people watching because they saw this thing at the, which is, I can't deal With it. It's crazy. Because that it, it really is that thing where that whole world of like bad publicity is, is Yeah. There's no such thing as bad publicity, because it really is true with the way social media is and the way the digital world has changing entertainment. Yeah. That kind of stuff is like, there are people that plant their own Gotcha stuff. Right. 'cause they know it's the same thing of like how the Kardashians call the paparazzi on themselves.


Yeah. We're gonna be here. It's That thing where people, when you, people have learned over time that being in that victim stance actually can be good for your career. Yeah. And so they'll do it, or they'll set it up, Like if they feel that this is a question they weren't expecting, and they're being suddenly open and honest when really they fucking knew was going to happen, and then they get played as the victim, But they magically handle it so Well. Right. That suddenly the public who, you know, it's kind of that thing a moment. I know it wasn't, I don't think, I shouldn't say, I know, I do not know for a fact, but I'm pretty sure when Hugh Grant went on Leno to talk about when he got caught with Divine Brown and he was married and all that stuff, the way he handled that, Let's go back to 95, Right?


Yeah. Was it around then? He handled that so beautifully Perf because it was like, he basically went, Ugh, I did It. And he's like, blushing and like, yeah, I'm sorry and bad, whatever. And it's the thing that up up until that point, any publicist would tell an actor in that position, you can't go on a talk show. Or if you do, they will not talk about this thing. Whatever. And instead, suddenly we see how it can, this situation can be handled in a different way. And, and you can turn an entire Yeah. Culture back onto your side. And so basically, this is just one more Karen ruining TV for everybody. But it, but it's that thing where it's like these things are strategized and planned out so much more than anybody thinks. It makes me ill.


And it's the reason why I yell at the TV all the time. Yeah. I can't, I cannot watch late night talk shows. I can't watch those interviews. It makes me wanna scream. Hey Karen, I heard you went to the fucking beach lately. Oh my God, that's so funny. You bring that up because it's weird. Yeah. And the weirdest, creepiest part, I'm not acting anymore. Yeah, no, we're done. The weirdest creepiest part is there are people that are so good. Like you, you can watch people who have done the same story on more than One talk show. And they look like, they're just like, Oh my God. I'm just thi I'm just remembering this. Oh, That's right. That birthday was so crazy. Yeah. Where you're just like, oh, this is just what, this is a, the completely orchestrated conversation.


Nothing is real. Nothing is real. Speak for yourself. Question. Authority. I'm Timothy Leary. Goodbye. No, I'm on acid right now. No, I just can't. I just can't. It's not reality. It's not real. And it's scares me. And like, it's not Tv. It's HBO. What? 95? Why Are they get a plug? We've been plugging so much shit that like time, time magazine, fucking books. Hey, Check out Time Magazine, everybody Boards. They don't fucking, they haven't paid us to plug them Fucking pumpkins. Man. Guys, that was, you know what? I like that. 'cause it was like kind of different still on theme.


But then we, we both took it in a little bit of a different direction This week. No children got killed this episode. That's right. That's rare. Could we just aim for that? Once a month? Sorry. Yeah. Just, I'm sorry. Once a month in a fucking child. Did you see somebody made an, I'm sorry. Where they made the, I'm really small. It was basically like the visual. Ugh. And it was perfect. 'cause it it, that's exactly what, sorry. Yeah. That's good stuff. All right. We've done it again. We've done It. Yeah. Wait, this is episode 40, high five. Shut the fuck up. Is it? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, sorry. Episode 40. Yeah. Oh My God. Look at us. Go. That's crazy, Karen. I'm proud of us.


I'm proud of us too. We've been friends for 40 weeks. Here's tow 20 more. Oh, No, no, no, no. There's the one week I got married and your mom died. Oh, that's right. I'm Sorry. So 30. I'm sorry. I got married. We've been friends for 39 weeks. That was the realest week of all though. And we we're so casual about it. Sorry you guys we're not 'cause we didn't have any, there was nobody March, man. Nobody cared in March. And I was like, this is a thing. Yeah. No one cared. You're like, I like that girl from that and that girl from that thing. Yeah. Oh, listen, we have to tell, tell each other one good thing from This week. Oh, good Idea. You go first. 'cause I can't think of anything. We always forget that part.


My, my thing is that I really reconnected with Mimi, my cat. Mimi. What? I know. It's so stupid. But like, suddenly I like, I'm obsessed with Elvis. He's my fucking, why are you laughing at me? It's true. But, 'cause you're, you're as you're telling me you're petting Mimi like an ex, but you're, it's a little Doctor Evilly where you're like, my cat. I connected with Mimi. We got eye two, eye and Brain, two Brain. Can I plug my, their Instagram? It's Elvis and Mimi, she Instagram. And she's just, I, I've always been scared to love her because I thought Elvis wouldn't love me anymore for it. Wow. I know. I'm fucking insane. I have a, what's it called that when your cats, that I have worms in my head.


Toxoplasmosis. Toxoplasmosis. Thank you. Steven. Feline Aids. And then suddenly I realized what a sweet angel she is. And Elvis gives zero shits about anything but cookies. So It's very true. We're Good. So it was, it was nice to like, it's been nice to I love cats. Go on. They're pretty great. Yeah. These ones are sweet. They like you guys, which is rare for them. Not not for people to like you, but yeah. That's pretty rare. I'm sorry. Okay. This whole time I've been scrambling in my head. Okay. This fine. I'll just do it. Anything. This is honest. This is, at least I'm being honest. The shirt I'm wearing right now is my favorite shirt I've ever owned in my life.


It looks amazing. Thanks. It's just a salmon and navy striped shirt that I got at Crossroads. Steven, You look like a, like a hot pirate. Hey. But with a pocket, I, there's something about it. It like reminds me of high school. It reminds me of all these things. It's really weird. The thin I like, I appreciate the thinness of it. Yeah. And yet it's Super comfortable. Substantial. Yeah. And It's a little tiny bit blossy, but then it also, it's just, it's working for me in every way. To the point where I noticed your boobs earlier. It's a thing I do as an aup Drapey. It's like they, you know, it's like, oh, she is womanly, but she's not trying to throw it in my face.


That's Right. I actually covered up to make you want it more. It's a very Victorian of me. The more layers she put on, the more I'm like, what could be under there I Am. I'm gonna start wrapping a scarf around my neck and then you're going to be so into me. And then I'd be like, is does her neck fall off when I unwrap that Script at one? You mean that Halloween Story? Scary stories to tell Steven. What is it? Scary stories to tell in the Dark stop. Sarah's having a nervous breakdown. You know what, what Steven's saying right now to us with this laughing, this is Derek Laughing is end this fucking podcast. You guys are out of your mind. Stop talking about everything. Scary stories to tell in the dark. Don't even look it up, Steven. I This you take off the necklace and Never take my scarf Off. Never take my necklace Off.


And then her, and then her head falls off and she says, I told you not to take it. And then he puts it on a stick And he walks down the street of Sacramento with it. You guys, Thank you so much for listening. We Love you. We're totally insane. Stay sexy, Please. Oh, don't get murdered. Rate review. Subscribe on on Instagram. I mean, where? Oh my God. Elvis. Elvis. Save us. Do you Want a cookie? You want a cookie? A cookie. Oh Yeah. Bye. We both get shot. Sorry. Oh my God. So we're back. Do you have any updates on this story?


I actually do. So in August, 2017, Jonathan Schmitz was granted parole and released from prison after serving 22 years of his sentence. Scott Ed's brother, Frank Amme, said to the Associated Press at the time, I'd like to know that he learned something, that he's a changed man is no longer homophobic and has gotten psychological care. End quote, a Michigan Department of Corrections spokesman told people he was released because of good behavior. Credit Schmitz has kept a low profile since his release and is still in Michigan. So that's that. I mean, yeah. It's Such a sad story. It's a terrible Story. Yeah. And I know a ton about it because my old boss was there when it happened.


That's so wild. And they used to talk about how horrible it was all the time. Just like that thing of, you go from, that was very like eighties, nineties Yeah. Television that they used to try to produce and like, you know, daytime wars and trying to get numbers and so shows like that. Yeah. It was Ricky Lake and Jenny Jones and Oh my God, all the Sally, Jesse, Rafael. I was like, for some reason they came on at like three 30. Yes. So you'd get home from school. Why did they come on when children got home from school? I was traumatized. We Binged that shit. It was like, there was an episode of Donahue where basically the K, KK comes to like speak on their own behalf. Yeah. And it is the most upsetting. I was just sitting there as a 12-year-old, like bawling.


Yeah. And then this amazing black woman stood up and was like, y'all need to sit down. You're in New York City now. And the whole audience is like, I'm Donahue. That's amazing. It was great. Yeah. Those, I mean that, that transformed our childhoods somehow. Yes. And somehow we're still successful people. I mean it's Really, or maybe we're, maybe it's because of, I don't know, It opened the door to reality. I mean, that was like Yeah. The beginning of true reality television. Even though it was very produced. Yes. And often fake. Yeah. But it's, some of it started and was very real. Yeah. Yeah. So crazy. Yeah. The Characters. Okay, just really quick. I forgot about that Navy and salmon striped shirt that I was talking about was my favorite shirt I would kill for that shirt these days.


Where is it? Oh, is that long gone. I can't keep anything that I like is gone in like three months. Why could you Wear it so much? It falls apart. I, no, it's like I bring it places and then, oh no, I've left it somewhere. Or I don't know. It's so irritating. But like that shirt, when I was, when I was reading this, I was just like, oh, Like bring it back. So stupid. Someone find that shirt, please on. What's it called? One of those sites. All right. So we would hate to change squad Gords as this moment of Georgia's, you know, organic and natural brain genius. Thank you so much. But maybe we would call this episode if we were to change the title today, we would call it, let's start with a prayer.


Yep. Oh, Georgia's always going religious at the beginning of the show. It's Just me. It's who I am. I'm weird like that. And the beginning of my prayer was Dear Oprah, so we could name it. Dear Oprah. We should, we always should. Oh wow. Yeah. Good. One episode. Episode 40. Episode 40. We're really, we're really getting into our podcasting. Yeah. Chops. Just 900 more to go. Fuck. Thank you guys for listening and we'll keep doing it if you keep listening on Wednesdays. We got, we got Mondays, we got Wednesdays, we've got Thursdays. We have so many options for you and we'd appreciate whichever you listen to. Yes, That's right. We appreciate everything you do and we'd also appreciate it if you'd stay sexy And don't get murdered.


Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?