
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear, and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row, all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


When your to-do list feels endless, let Audible turn it into a mini adventure. You'll Be the Robinson Cruso of vacuuming. You Can dive in to never Flinch by Stephen King. Or you can get hooked on Mad Love an audible original that keeps you guessing with every chapter with Thousands of titles and originals. Audible keeps your brain entertained while you tackle real life. Start listening and discover what's beyond the edge of your seat. New members can try Audible now free for 30 days and dive into a world of new thrills. Visit Audible.com/murder or text murder to 500 dash 500. That's Audible.com/murder. Or text murder to 500 dash 500. Goodbye.


Did You know an American Home Shield warranty helps protect items in your home that you use every day? If Covered parts of your hvac, electrical, plumbing, or appliances break, American Home Shield will fix or replace them no matter their age. You can save on a new plan today. Our Listeners get 20% off any plan. Visit Ahs.com/mfm to sign up and see promo details. See ahs.com/contracts for coverage details, including limit amounts, fees, limitations, and exclusions. Goodbye.


Hello And welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia to Rewind. Shit. It's Wednesday And that means we're recapping one of our old episodes with all new commentary, with case updates, perhaps some vision on our past and some lessons for the future. Hey, today we're rewinding to episode 38, which we named Sidebar Nation. So please listen now as we take you back to October 13th, 2016. You remember you went as Harley Quinn for Halloween that Yeah. Oh my God, You looked great. Aw, That's so cute and scary. So scary. Let's listen to the intro of episode 38.


Hey, Steven, do you wanna turn off the, that thing? I just realized it was loud. Thank you. Oh my God. Shit's breaking down. We're keeping this in, right? Oh, dear. She just turned it higher. There goes me And you lost your fucking mime. All Right. Yeah, right. Everybody, here we go. Welcome to my favorite murder, episode 38. I feel like hurricane episode H. Hi. Hi. We have Steven back. Steven was gone last week. Steven, welcome back. Thank you. Thanks for watching my cats while I was outta town. They Kept me busy, but I Love them. Yes. Save it for the Cat. Podcast.


Podcast everyone. I have a story to tell about being outta town. Speaking of, Oh, this is my favorite murder, by the way. Did we say that part? I Don Dunno. You're Karen. I'm Georgia. That's Right. That's right. And we're back in our normal seats. Yes. Which to me makes all the difference. You came in tonight and like sat in my seat. Oh, yeah. And then I was like, are we gonna, we're not doing this right? And I was like, no. Yeah, no, absolutely Not. So wait, Georgia went to San Francisco. Yeah. For, was it for unique Suites? No, it was just for like a real life, normal trip of a thing. Oh. You know, I went on vacation. Yeah. Oh my God. How was it? You're gonna cry for me? Yes. I'm So jealous on your Argentina right now. Oh, I leave this goddamn town so bad. Oh, It was nice.


Can I tell you honestly? Yes. I like staying home. You do a lot like, as a staycation as opposed to going somewhere for vacation. Yeah, I'm not. Yeah. I like being home. I hear you. You know, I like that excuse to like eat and drink whatever I want when I'm outta town. But like, I also like hanging out at home. Did you guys drive or fly? We flew. I feel like at this point in my life, I've got this, I've like gotten to this place where like, I'm not gonna fly to San Francisco. I'm not gonna fly to Vegas. I'm gonna valet park most, most of the time. Wait, You mean drive, right? You were saying fly. Fuck yes. Yeah. That's what I mean. You're you're gonna do the most convenient thing. Yeah. Because you're an adult And you can't, I'm an adult. Like, that to me was like, when I realized that I can now afford valet parking and, and like, not even, not, I could afford it for a long time, but I was like, fuck you.


I'm not paying to like, to like pay you Right. To eat at your place. But that's not it. It's, you're paying for the convenience of pulling up and walking away from your car. Yeah. And not being in a dangerous neighborhood walking down the street. Right. Anyways, yeah. San Francisco and then I'm walking down Haight Street, That great street And That great street hate with Vince during the day we're like doing touristy things. And I hear someone scream at me from a moving car and I go to Vince, what, what was that? And he said, she said, my favorite murder. What? Yes. As she drove by my favorite murder, I lost my mind.


And I went, I like waved my hands in the, like I went, ah, I totally like lost my mind. That's awesome. I know. I didn't play it cool when I wasn't being cool. 'cause it was like the coolest thing. Cools for fools. Who cares? Yeah. It was exciting. I lo oh my God, I'm smiling so much. First of all, I used to live Were you in the upper hate where like all the shops Are, we were in the upper hate. Yeah. Yeah. That's where, that's my old neighborhood from when I used to live there before the.com boom. When you could live in the upper hate as a young poor Person. It's so dangerous there. Or it was, It wasn't that. Well, you know what though, that back then I craved danger. Yeah, I get it. I lived in Koreatown for a little while, You know, so that it's like even more touching.


Yeah. I just love that. But I think also that's, I love that someone recognized you from, like, it must have, it had to have been a block away. Yeah. Well, they were driving by and it's like, okay. I mean, Vince is like a tall dude with like blonde shaved head and like always wears a flannel. And I'm like a short, you know, like, and, and I had been posting on my Instagram that I was in town. Oh, okay. So a person like probably were, was like, knew that I was Theres a follower. Yeah. Like there's this person, but it still was like, and I didn't get it at first. And then I was like, what? Yeah. What Vince, what'd you say? She's like my favorite murder. Ah. And then just, but they're like, get out of town narc. Oh wait, yeah. I was, that's Fuck you. I was about to yell. Fuck you. And then I realized it was a good thing. You Go kick their bumper, Georgia.


Wait, I love that. I went to see Jimmy Pardo and Matt Belnap have the, of course, the very famous podcast. Never Not Funny. And our friend April Richardson was on it the other night. So I went with her because we're two old Crohn's that go everywhere together. And 'cause she was the guest And it was over at Flappers. And during the show Jimmy referenced me No. And did it in his very Jimmy Parta way of going, oh sure. Start a podcast. And, and then you're number one, we've been here for 10 years, whatever. Which is the highest compliment from a comedian Like putting you down by com, complimenting you by putting you down.


Exactly. That's the nice, that's the only way they can do, it's only, it's very hard for us as standup comedians to really express ourselves, but it was a lovely shout out really is what it was. And afterwards when we went to leave, two different girls came up and we're like, I'm a Reno. It's the funniest thing when people say it that way too. Yeah. Like, I'm a mur. It's, it's me. I'm a murder reno. Just like, Hi. It was Really fun. There's another girl who message, who like put in a message on my Instagram photo and was like, I saw you on the Bart train in San Francisco and I recognized you. And I looked at her photo and I was like, oh my God. I was, and she's like, I was too scared to say anything. And I was like, I was staring at you because your hair was so cute.


Why? What was her hair like? Her Hair was like a pixie cut. And I was looking at her being like, fuck, I wish I could pull that off. That girl pulls it off really? Well. What pixie? Like a boy, a boycott. Like, Like Tinkerbell? Yeah. Tinkerbell has a bun. Oh shit. I'm thinking Tinkerbell from Hook. Oh, Julia Roberts. Yeah. She her up in the nineties. Julia Roberts in a wig. Yes. I've always wanted that hair too. Well, like Julia Roberts in, in a wig. She looked adorable. She was rocking boy hair. Yeah. That you have to be so pretty to be able to pull off that hair. Oh Yeah. I was like, fuck shit. And I've done, I've done that hair and been like, oh my God, what did I do Dude, in high school?


I did the ghost haircut. What's The ghost haircut? It's a bowl cut. It's like a, it's a big round. Demi Moore and Ghost Bowl cut. Did you go in and be like, gimme the ghost? I, I think it may have been before Ghost. No Bragg. And I know that I had also sunned my hair, so I basically had orange hair in a bowl cut. I looked like I had, it was kind of like, as, as if I was trying to look like a Japanese rock star is what I looked like, but not, but then everything else, like A male Japanese rock star, It was like, basically what are you doing? Is what is what I looked like. I mean, we have so many Throwback Thursday photos that just horrifying. We'll never see the Life Day Horrifying. No people.


No. Last week on the show I work on, yeah, it was my episode. And in the middle of it, the director of the episode, who is this super badass, Peter Atencio, who directed Keanu the Kian Peele movie who's Directed and all Kian Peele. All of Kan Peele. He's done a ton of shit. I think he did The Last Man on Earth. Yeah, he that lot. But he's done a bunch of stuff. He's, he's the shit right now. He walks up to me and goes, you know, my friend Georgia. And I was like, what is happening? And he directed your Tini video? He Did. He did that. We were just friends with him and he was like, Hey, I'll do this like for like for free as a friend did that and my grandma's kitchen. And then from that we got a web series with Cooking Channel and he directed those too, and like, no way.


Yeah. He was just like a buddy of ours. Like, that's So awesome. And Now he's like this Huge guy. Now he's the shit and everybody on my episode, which was very involved and like, should We plug the show early? I don't think we can. Okay. I mean, like, I don't, yeah, he interrupt. Think we should wait until I always think I'm gonna get Sued. I get it. I wanna sue people and I wanna get sued. But that was an awesome connection. And then love it. I told you this already, but I wanna tell other people while I was leaving. It's that kind of thing where, this is like a real TV show I've worked on. Obviously I've worked on TV for a while, but this is like an exciting show that I really love and believe in and think is great. And it feels like other people that are working on it feel that way too. Which is normally when you work with crew people and stuff, they're all like checking their watch.


Yeah. Like, I need to get outta here. But everybody in this whole crew is so good. They're really good at what they do. That it's amazing to watch it. These are obviously kind of a-list people in all these different departments. Nice. And when we went to leave, everyone was kind of thanking each other, saying goodbye or whatever. And it was like, you know, midnight on Friday, it sucked. So I went to leave and then I, as I, I saw the prop master, so I went to say thank you to him. And as we were shaking hands, he was like, great to work with you. And then he goes, don't get murdered and walked away. You didn't tell me this. I didn't. No. I Thought I called you. Oh yeah, I know. I didn't. No shit it, maybe it was my sister.


That's where we've become, I'm kind of losing my mind right now. I'm so fucking tired. Oh, I'm so tired. I feel like I have 50,000 emails. I know Karen. And I'm not doing, I, I feel like I'm, I have 19 plates spinning. I'm dropping all of them. Everything's still, everything's working out. I know. Like the other day we were like both freaking out about like social media on this and it's like, it's not, it's not gonna implode if we don't retweet someone. I know. Everything's okay. You're getting, you're honest, your job and you're doing your, your big job. Yes. Everything else is still working out. We're okay, right? We're Fine. Like, we're good. This is anxiety, like at at work. Yes. Well, it's just a lot. I mean, it's just look no complaints.


That's the worst thing in the world to complain about. But anyway. Yeah, I know. But it's, It's, it's nice. There's some fun things happening. I guess that the fun thing about that story is I'm sitting there going like, oh, everyone's so awesome or whatever. And then like, when someone comes up Yeah. It's such an intimate thing. Yeah. Like, oh my God, did you listen? What do I think it's good. What if I just immediately, I started asking him for compliments the second after he told me not to get Marcus. You'd sound like me. Oh. We sold out the Chicago podcast festival show that we're doing. Chicago. Chicago. Chicago. I Don't know how I can think. I don't know. 950 people. Is it? That's too many people. Yeah. We gotta let's cut that in half for sure.


Okay. I'll call the, we'll one of those. I'll call the guy tomorrow at work. You can put that wall up. What's, You know, like edit. Yeah. We'll hang the improv curtain. He's like only half the room sold out. No, we just, we'll bring our own big huge black curtain. Yeah. But there'll be, the rest of the people will be behind that curtain, But we just don't have to deal with it. Oh, We can't see them. Yeah. I'm trying. Your sister's coming. I'm trying to bring my mom. We're It's so exciting. Yeah. Because my, these are the people that never paid attention to anything I did. Yeah. Until I was about 27 And now you're a big deal And all of a sudden. But a I think Adrian and Audrey were the first who started and these are basically child, our childhood friends. I get it from way back. Petaluma. Petaluma hardcore. What's up?


And we have a, we have a, a text thread that's been going for like a year where we're just constantly sending each other terrible. And we love threads, cat photos and whatever. Shit. I remind me to send you the rock and roll elf photo gif. Rock and roll elf. Okay. I Will. Okay. Sorry. Go on. Oh, someone at work mentioned the other day, do You know Elf ended with him being taken away by the government? Is that the truth? Or was someone fucking with me? We're getting A nod from Dustin. I mean, oh my God. Sar Is it true? Same thing. It's very true here. Young enough to like have absorbed that. No, Somebody talked about it recently though. Will you briefly run it down? How is that, how Ending? I don't know. I just heard that that's how it ended.


I can't so, so unless somebody's lying to me And you Can I be honest, that motherfucker ate cats so I don't give a shit what happened to him. Okay. Fuck. Hell Fuck Al. Maybe it was Katz dressed up in government clothes. Oh, that took them away. This is fan fiction. We have to, right. Where Were we? Oh, your sister, your friends. They're gonna, Oh, so then in this text they, I, one of them said, you're gonna go to the Chicago to do your podcast. And I was like, yeah. Oh, they were mad that they didn't, they weren't here for our first one. Oh. Because they, I didn't even invite my mom, even though it's down the street from her house. And now I'm like, I'm gonna fly her to Chicago. You you're gonna do a little makeup work for Chicago. Yeah. But anyway, they got excited and then they're like, we could go, we can afford to go.


Oh my God, we can fly out. And then they basically made the plans on the text thread and I was just laying on my couch like all bitchy and tired and like it was of course 10 o'clock at night and I was like, I don't wanna take my mascara off. And then off my sister and my old friends just start making this plan in front of me to come and be there for when we do Chicago. You're gonna cry. It, it made me cry at the time. And then I was like, you guys, I'm crying. And they just didn't even pay attention. They were For such a hard ass. You cry so easily. I will cry. Well, especially these days. The other day I had a stressed out brief passing thought in the room. And then I pretend I had to pretend to sneeze so that it, you would understand why my eyes were the way they were.


You're the Most hard ass and then you just fucking lose It. That's how it always is. If you, if someone's a real hardass, they're the soft, biggest softie. Right. That makes sense. We have to put our Duke's way up 'cause we have, we we're like the, a prickly pair with a gooey center. Aw, That sounds I'm hungry. You just bite into a prickly pair. Why is this gooey? Okay, I have a thank you. We have a BA several. Thank you. So at our live show in Los Angeles at the la Pod Fest, we afterwards, like a bunch of people just like handed us shit and like didn't even want money for it handed. They walked away and did. There's no cards. No, we don't, no names. They Didn't want anything for it, which is like bananas. Oh.


It's the way to do it actually. So the I Respect it. I I agree. Like it's legit. Just add a card because some of it, we don't know who it's from. Yeah. We do wanna know your name. Yeah. Okay. So this, someone just handed me this, like the, these this gift bag with two cat toys in it that Elvis and Mimi have fucking lost their shit over. Elvis was laying on one of them like a pillow. Yeah. Just earlier. There's little, it's one's a goldfish and one's an elephant and they're filled with catnip and they, and it's, it's called Beco family. BECO. And you can get 'em at, I think it's oh dear. BECO pets. BECO pet.com.


And they're these like adorable and it looks like natural and like not bad for you cat toys. And they've held up, which usually when catnip toys they get apart are chewed on, they fall apart immediately and they've like fought each other over them. So thankfully they gave us two, but thank you. That's so awesome. They're so sweet. I'm gonna post a photo of, of Elvis and Mimi fighting over them on, on their Instagram. And we got the, we got mugs from the coroner's office. I I like to think the coroner brought them him or herself. Yeah, but we don't really know. I feel Like I wish the person had given us a card. I feel like they probably bought those at the Museum of Death. Oh yeah, that makes sense. Do you know what I mean? They seem like something that you could buy at the Museum of Death.


I just like it because in the morning it's a nice tall mug. Right. And then it's a skeleton with a, with a Sherlock Holmes hat on. And I think he's smoking a pipe. Mine Has a, mine was a chalk outline, A body chalk outline. Nice with that on it. They're really good quality mugs. They they are. So thank you. Whoever was the, the gift giver in that scenario, You could probably bash someone over the head with it And that wouldn't even break. They're might Wait what? I'm sorry. There might be a little knife in the bottom. I don I was trying to riff, Steven also showed me his tote bag, which is actually really cute. I haven't seen it. Steven, look at this thing. It's the original Oh my god. Logo. And it's, it's my favorite Murder logo.


Tote bag is, this Is good. It's good. It's like a book bag. It reminds me of like my fourth grade book bag. Steven, any comments, thoughts on it? I mean, it holds the gear that records this podcast. So. Holy shit. Meta dude. It's in good hands. This is holistic. Listen. Go to Farmer's Market with a shirt, with a tote bag that says fuck politeness. Yeah. I tell everyone to fuck off And get some SA berries. What are sa berries? Well, they'll give you a discount 'cause they love our body. Oh, it's like on sale berries. Yeah. I thought that was a berry. I didn't know about Saal berries. You know, they taste like, Say it, sail it. I can't, I Can't do Are you tired?


Are I'm so tight. Tie Leafy Karen drinking a diet, ginger a what's happening here? That's the other thing too. I haven't had anything I like to eat in six months. Aw. So you look Amazing. Thank you. You look miserable, but amazing. I'm miserably amazing. Thank you. It's just so much. Also, we're in the LA Oh, whatever. All right. Anyways, let's move on to murders. There's so much going on. Hey, let's take a quick What? Oh, I was just gonna say, somebody was telling my friend Nick, who listens, hi, Nick Bernstein, who listens to us and is a big fan and is a big podcast person in general. Kind of like listens to all of them.


He was talking about, I can't remember what he was talking about specifically, but then I was, I just mentioned the skippers and the people who actually message us to complain. And I said there, I basically said there are some people who are just like, come on, get to the murder. And he could not stop laughing at that sentence. He's like, that's your poll quote. That has to be your poll quote. Get to the murder. And I was like, oh, you know what? You're right. That's exactly right. Oh My God. Like this is the You've said it before. This is the podcast. This is the podcast to quote Jimmy Pardo. Listen or don't. And we're back.


I still remember it was the first time I ever got yelled at Stay Sexy. Like Out of a car. Yeah. In the Upper Hate. I'll remember it forever. Right in front of the McDonald's. There it was. So I remember jumping up and down. It was so exciting. I think the first time anyone recognized me, I was getting my nails done. I Remember that. Yeah. It Was super quiet and the girl walked up and she's like, I'm really sorry, just I love this show. And ran away. And I was like, stuck getting my nails done. So I was like, bye bye. Goodbye. Oh my God. So funny. That was so fun. This is the beginning of that time, which was like the fucking best. It Was hilarious to us. And just like hearing us have that conversation Yeah. Where we're still just like, this is what's happening.


Can You believe it? Yeah. Also, can you believe 950 seats? That, that's actually a lot. I'm actually like, holy shit. Like we do more now or we've done more in the past, but that is sizable for like what our second show. Yes. That's Pretty fucking awesome. Yeah, It was really good. Well, we had the numbers and that's all that matters. That's right. So if you could please just now that we've listened to that top of show Okay. Can you just give us the behind the scenes background on the Nini? And really just like a little bit of like where it came from. Oh my God. Where it got you, what that kind of like internet of virality felt like. Just give us a an example. Okay. Well, yeah, the McNugget changed my life completely.


My friend Ally Ward and I created it in a bar because we were going out late all every night And we wanted dinner, drink, and dessert in one cup. We were like, I don't wanna stop for dinner. I wanna drink, I need a drink, I want dessert. And so we just, And we loved McNuggets and so we created this ridiculous drink. It's a martini glass. You rim it in McDonald's barbecue sauce. Yes. You put vodka and chocolate shake together and pour it into the, pour it into the cup, and then you garnish it with a McNugget. And so you drink it, you have to get through the barbecue sauce. You have to drink through the barbecue sauce rim to to a vodka milkshake. To a vodka milkshake. And then when you're done, you swipe the McNugget around the rim.


There's a McNugget video, highly Recommend, which was made by Peter Atencio, who That's right. Became your director later. The Director of the episode of tv. I did, yeah. Starring Tim Robinson. That's from last episode. That's from last episode. Yeah. So that, that changed my life completely. It like, It's so funny because I've heard you talk about it for a long time. I've actually never watched the video. I didn't know it was Chocolate Shake, so I just was assuming it was a, a martini with a McNugget in it. No, it's dinner dessert and a cocktail all in one. It's so, it's So much grosser than I ever imagined. I know. And then Ally and I, we were on Messenger. I was at my boring desk job And we both were like, Hey, did you get a weird message on Facebook from someone claiming to work for Food Network? And like Yeah.


And like, it's gotta be fake, right? Nope. It was someone being like, do you wanna make more cocktail videos? And my entire fucking life changed. You're Like, did you stand up from that desk and walk out? Like without a work? Flipped my computer kind of, I kind of bailed on that job pretty hard pretty Soon. Yeah. I I would hope you would. My whole goal was like, okay, I'm gonna try this and see if I can never have to work a desk job again. And that's literally all I've been trying to do for the past 14 years is just working hard enough to not have to go back to a desk job. Same. That minds the gap. I mean, the music's great, but I can't go back. Oh, I feel you. Okay, let's get into our stories. Here's Karen covering the 1980 murder of Sister Margaret and Paul.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris, the cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful Iion nine rear wheel drive s trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ionic nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And That's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay after pay and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster With squarespace's builtin SEO tools. With meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher and search results globally. Go to squarespace.com/murder for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code Murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Temperatures are starting to rise, which means you're setting your baseline level of sweaty right now and it only gets worse from here. That's exactly why you need clothes that breathe look good. And we'll keep you together until September. That's Quince. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen shorts and dresses starting at $30 plus Luck, swimwear and Italian leather platform sandals The Best part. Everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, Quince gives you luxury without the markup. Quince Only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. It's that time of year where the weather's changing. And I realize how few short sleeve shirts I have and I truly logged on to Quince this morning. They have all these beautiful linen shirts, all these beautiful cotton shirts stuff where you're like, I don't wanna be hot and this is gonna help me so much. Beautiful linen in the summer is my favorite. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye.


And What if my eye fell out? I just had this weird nerve pain in my left eye. I'm actually really bummed because one of my like murders on my future list is the eyeball killer. Like what if I did that tonight? And it just so happened If that happened, that would be like, what was that Time Life book series where they're like, A mother in Ohio's has pain in her hand at the same time that her daughters gets stabbed in the hand. I Loved those. Yeah. What was the one those were called Mysteries of the Unknown or something like that. That Was definitely, that was one of them. It wasn't, it was like there was that, there was Unsolved Mysteries.


There was like the, the like new generation of Twilight Zone. Yeah, that was super scary. And the movie also in the eighties. Yeah. They just basically wanted to scar us and scare the shit out of us. And then they ended up making the coolest people. That's Right. Any generation, because we're Like, we can back and take it. Yeah. But also, I wish, was it called Mysteries of the Unknown or No, it was Called Time Life Books series. Time Life books Presents. Come on, we got this. The, the paranormal or something. I Bet you're right about Mr. Stephen. And there was also like, like tombs that they would open Yes. In Egypt. And they like contained things. I fucking love Egypt tombs.


Yeah. I love dude. Did you know that there's a, there's a there. Okay. Global warming is causing these glaciers to melt. Yes. In the Alps. Yes. And do you know what they're finding underneath them? What they're finding the bodies of World War I Soldiers that died in a ba a crazy battle up at the top. No. Yeah, that is, I love that. I know archeology is like the best, But also what if that happens and they, it's they start finding stuff that like they didn't know was there. That's why I thought you were gonna go. They, there's pyramids in the Alps or something thought Like that. Oh, I she meant like this World War I Soldiers had iPhones.


They, they all had. Oh, you found it. No, not Mysteries of the criminal Mind. Steven. No. Steven. Goddam Gonna Stephen was steam Dom brand. I was gonna give that your podcast a shout out. But now you don't deserve the per cast. Doesn't deserve it. Do you know what you can do to make up for this? Buy me this book. What is it called? It Time Well 'cause Time. Like Mystery of the Criminal Mind. Criminal Mind. I think mine is Mysteries of the Unknown. I think I might be right. It had like a, it, I think you're right. The Picture was like a pyramid with light being or something on the front. And then I remember all those ones of like, you can see like the, in the dollar bill, you can see that someone's head and it's like a thing. I think it is Mysteries of The Unknown Mystic Places.


Yes. Ooh. Mystery of the Un Unknown. There's a whole series. Yes. That's it. There. It's there it is. Well done. Look. And with that Stephen immediately wins us back over to his favor. Listen to the per cast. That's three Rs Per cast. Per cast. Stephen Ray Morris. I'm having the best time right now. So are you Steven, Should we start in? Yeah, I think you're first Is Me. Is it murder time? And I'm also first because I could just keep going like this by the Way. I know where we just never talk about murder. We just kind of go hysterical, Peripherally talk about murder, but not really, But not really ever get to anything specific. Yeah. This week time life series presents a murder that I'm positive.


IIII must have found on, on either through somebody who tweeted it at us or somebody on the Facebook page. But it's really good because as being a, an ex-Catholic or I guess a lapsed Catholic. Yeah. I'm not, I haven't turned my back on the church. Sure. The last couple experiences I've had at the church in my hometown were great. Oh. Oh. 'cause you went with your niece. Yep. My niece goes to Catholic school, goes to the same school I went to and the church, the way they do things is really different than the way it was done in in the eighties Yeah. Was like obviously, which was a hundred years ago. You have To be mean and enough to make you Pay attention.


Right. Or like love God or something. Where these days it's totally like we're all just here to support each other. Where I'm like, what are these words? They changed the words. There's a lot of handholding and shit. Oh my god. Stuff that was never even, it wasn't done when I was growing. Girl, Today's a Jewish holiday and I didn't fucking do shit. What is it? Purum. It's Yom Kippur. And I absolutely did nothing. Don't ask me the meaning of it. Okay. It's about atonement, I think, right? Yes. I am the, I am a terrible, I'm the jest non-Jew that's ever lived. That's Really true. You play good Jew. Thank y'all. But you don't do any of the like, Nope. Homework part.


Nope. I think it's enjoyable. And I also think it's what in Los Angeles I would say it's like what 98% of people are doing. Yeah. Let's make this about me. Go. I'm sorry. Keep Going. Just get to the murder. Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry. No, I'm not yelling. No, I know, I know. You're right. You're right. So, but I say all this because my, my murder This week is about a priest named Gerald Robinson. Now, normally I love a serial killer. I love a process killer. I love somebody who maybe one of his eyes got poked out and he is upset and oh, there was a really good Ted Talk. Somebody posted on the Facebook page, sorry. Sidebar.


There's a really good Ted talk where a guy talks about how people become the, like the mind of a serial killer. And he talks about violence, experiencing violence at a young age and head trauma. Fuck yeah, he Does. And that, I love that. So anyway, this episode's Called Sidebar Nation. This is Become a citizen of Sidebar Nation. Don't fight us anymore. We know you like Murder Who everybody does. Join the religion of Sidebar Nation because It's fun to have a DD Well Hold hands and we'll talk about it And there will be crying. So normally one-off murders do not interest me.


Sure. There ha There has to be insane extenuating circumstances for me to be like, oh. Because I have that feeling like, well, that's just a thing that happens. Somebody loses their shit and all of a sudden attacks another person or somebody pushes someone over and they they hit we're very fragile, delicate. Yeah. People Like that happens. It happens. But this is like, but you like the shit that's like Planned. Right? I like the, the stuff that's from a movie that's, but actually happened in real life. See I think I'm the opposite where I'm fascinated by the, like you, you did these things without even realizing you were gonna murder someone or like you were going to it. This was going to happen. This thing was building up inside you. That's what You like. No, it wasn't even building up.


It just this fucking snap decision you made ended up in the, in these circumstances. And you had, And you murdered someone without even fucking under. Like, if you could go back and be like, I was murdering this person and I, I just wanted to, I just wanted to show them how angry I was or I just wanted to, I just reacted in a way that I'm not, 'cause I'm not good at, at controlling my anger. Yeah. I wouldn't have done them, but I did them. So you like, that's why I like one-offs. You like. Okay. That makes sense. Well then you, Georgia, this one is dedicated to you. Thank you. This one's going out to Georgia tonight. Hey Georgia. Karen just wants you to know I'm the lady from coast local jokes get local work. All right.


This is priest Gerald Robinson. So this is fucked. It's a one-off. I love it. But it's crazy fucked. It has all these elements to it where I'm like, I, I couldn't find let's, let's be honest, Karen, I didn't find, I'm sure that it's possible to find all the super detailed parts. The correction corner. Next Week many of you will. Yes. This will go on and on, but I'll just give you what I know. So on April 5th, 1980, what a time. Got music. Yeah. Tv. We had All of Them. There was so much great stuff happening in our culture.


But in Toledo, Ohio, at the Toledo Mercy Hospital in the sacristy of the chapel, which is up where they keep the body of Christ. Amen. I believe. I think that's where like up on near the altar. I think that's the sacristy. Or maybe the sacristy is backstage Happy. Yum Kippur. Everyone They find a fellow nun finds the body of Sister Margaret and Paul and she had been stabbed 31 times. Holy Shit. That's a lot. She, well she had, she had initially been attacked from behind. She was hard of hearing. So her killer snuck up on her, took a piece of cloth, wrapped it around her neck, and choked her so hard that he broke two bones in her neck.


Holy shit. Then she was placed on the floor while she was dying. She was covered with an altar cloth and then she was stabbed nine times over the heart in an inverted cross shape. No, that's right. And then the cloth was removed and she was stabbed in the chest, neck and face 22 more times. What The fuck? Why take the cloth off? That doesn't make any sense. I mean, then the killer smudged blood on her forehead as if he was anointing her. Holy shit with that blood, which is so creepy to me. That's the Catholic, that's so creepy. Then he pulled her dress above her chest, not cool.


Then he pulled her girdle and hose down, not cool and pulled it, pulled her legs apart and they say he penetrated her with either the murder weapon across or a finger. I hate the murder weapon. I hate that detail in murders. It's, yeah, that's a, that's hideous. Yeah. And it's also a, especially in this case, the police were like, well this was a person, this was a person who intimately knew Catholic Ritual and who was trying to degrade this woman in front of God and degrade the church. Wow. If she had lived one more day, which was, If She had lived one more day, she would've been 72 years old.


Aw. And I believe the next day was what I was thinking there just then is the next day was Easter. So she was Born on Easter. Oh honey. So four days later they have her funeral and Father Gerald Robinson presides over the funeral. He was the hosp, the chaplain of the hospital chapel. And she was the caretaker of the hospital chapel. I Remember his name from when you introduced the story. Do you remember I, maybe I shouldn't have done that. Yeah. And then this would be more of a reveal, but look too late. If I had days and days to do this shit and I was unemployed and stuff Oh, oh. The presentation I would give you. Wait, then you're making me feel bad because I have days and days in my, I'm unemployed yet.


I don't care. No. Well Then we're both doing great. Two weeks later, father Robinson is brought in for questioning because they put it together that if it's somebody who knows Catholic Ritual and it's somebody who's trying to demean her, they work together and she's known as a task master. There's in these, it's so funny 'cause these articles are clearly from a while ago where they're just right, right up top. They're talking about what a bitch she is. Yeah. They're like, I'm none is a fucking cunt. What a bitch. And it's like, first of all, he murdered her. So I think he's the bigger cunt. I'm sorry. Ultimate. I'm Sorry. Sorry.


The the headline is sorry. The I'm is tiny. Is it like font eight? Yeah. And everything else is a font 32. Can we get That? She amanda@sheamanda.com. I mean at Instagram. Yeah. So, but they talk about did she was, she was tough old bird and maybe that made him mad and maybe he couldn't handle that or didn't like it or took it for years and years and years. But basically, Well he tried so hard to take it. He tried, You know, to think it, oh. And then, But he was a man of the Lord. So I guess he just had to kill and instead kill her. So he's brought in for questioning. But he told the police in 1980 when he is brought in for questioning, that somebody else had confessed to the murder.


Oh. But he couldn't, he didn't know who it was and he couldn't say anything else. That's because of the bond. That's smart. They gave him two polygraph tests, which were inconclusive and then they let him go. And within the year he's transferred to a different fuck area. How convenient. Well, 23 years later. Fuck. So this is the coldest of cold cases. Yeah. What year is that? That it's At Ritual murder of a nun? Yeah. In a chapel. It wasn't just like a passionate murder. Like the fact that he did the upside down cross and then the, and then anointed did the smudge. Yes.


Like that's evil. It's super evil. And what's weird to me is this, and this is the part where I do wanna get into this more and learn more about it. I bet you there's a book about this because this was during the time, during Satanic panic. Oh, right. In the eighties when like the McMartin daycare thing, where all of a sudden this weird thing, and maybe this was before it. And so it didn't catch that in the way that it would've other places. But in the eighties, there's a fascinating, there's definitely books about it. Last podcast on the left did an episode about it of Satanic panic where all of a sudden people were being accused, accused of At Ritual serial murder of, of like occult groups and satanic groups and killing children and sacrificing children and raping children in this whole thing.


Yeah. That they, They like legitimately leaped in Satan that there were, You know, album like music albums that you could play backwards that were telling people to kill children. And it was just like this insane, It was a whole Thing. Insane Thing. It was like a cultural phenomenon. Yeah. Much like the evil clown phenomenon we're all experiencing now, Which I fucking think is hilarious. It's the greatest. It's Like, it makes me happy in my heart. And I don't think that they're actually trying to hurt anyone. Like I think there's, I would say there's 97% of it is bored high school teenage boys. Yes. Who find old Halloween costumes and they're like, now we have something to do tonight. Totally. But there was that one story where there was someone that there was a clown on the edge of a forest trying to offer children candy.


Yeah. But At what, what point is that built up by like terrified fucking, you know, parents who were like, he tried to lure my kid and the kid was like, yeah, he totally tried. Like, I just don't believe it. But that's even true. I would love to know. I Think it's Hilarious. There's, I I say at the center of all this, there's one evil clown. Yeah. And everybody else is just B bandwagoning on his shit. Yeah. And they're like, don't fuck our shit up man. This is like good for us. But one of 'em is gonna get shot by some fucking angry soccer dad and It's gonna ruin it. And then it'll be over. Yeah. No, it's gonna ruin it for all the rest of Us, for all of us who wanna laugh at this because it's hilarious. They were actually doing that in Kern County like two years ago and people were taking video of it. Oh my God.


And it was, it's 'cause Kern County is up north of Los Angeles and it's basically the forest. Yeah. It's the bottom of the, The wilderness times. Yeah. And it's the creep there. People would drive by and there'd just be a guy with a clown dressed as a clown, but like an evil clown. Yeah. Holding balloons. I love it. Just standing around by the road out in the forest area. I feel like if I saw that I would crack up, I would scream, scream, I would laugh, scream. But I would laugh, scream out of, out of fear. But in the way of like, I wouldn't be able to control myself. You'd scream sneeze. Yes. And then you would, which by the way, people are pissed at us for talking about scream sneers badly. Who scream sneers or pissed. Yeah. Oh really? Well I've been pissed at you guys for a really long Time.


And also we talked about it in a way where you could see it coming And we spoke in normal tones. Yeah. We didn't all of a sudden scream at the top of our lungs out of the blue for seemingly no reason. So who cares what they think? Fair enough. Anyway, back to this murderous priest. Go On. Alright. 23 years later, a woman tells the Toledo Catholic diocese diocese that she suffered years At Ritual sex abuse by a diocesan, I don't know if I'm pronouncing that right. And religious order of priests during her childhood. Holy shit. And she named Gerald Robinson in particular.


Motherfucker. Now these, those accu accusations were never substantiated because Come on though. Because why would she lie? Well, A, why would she lie? B, it it's the, it go takes me straight to the Lincoln Credit Union. Yeah. Thing of that, that pedophile rings happen. They are crazy and upsetting and nobody wants to admit it, but it has happened. They do happen. Definitely. Whether that is happening because people wanna dedicate their life to Satan. I don't know. Or think so. No. And if they, and if that's what they say, it's an excuse for bad behavior. Right. They're not religious people. No.


And you know, with her, with it being unsu absent un unsubstantiated. Yes. The intimidation that you must receive when you give, have any allegation of this going on is so intense that why would you then move forward with trying to substantiate it? Does that make Sense? Yes, exactly. Why would you put yourself in the hot water? Yeah. You'd Be like, you know what? Fuck this. I'm, I'm moving on. Yeah. Now I will just say this, for even keel sake, there is a possibility that the reason that she would make an accusation like that, and it would be unfounded and untrue is because she had mental health issues. Okay. That is a possibility.


In no way am I accusing her of that. I don't even know who this person is. Yeah. There's no name. And that's ex of course, the first thing that gets thrown back at a person like that, that then negates a victim's story. Right. And so I am in no way doing that. The other Thing is maybe she does have mental health issues and also isn't lying. Yeah. You know what I mean? Maybe her mental health issues are because she fucking are stemm from it went through this thing for her. You know what I mean? Yes. Insane. People are still fucking saying some things that are like the truth And Yes, they're exper. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's just so frustrating. Yes. And the, and the idea that things don't get substantiated doesn't mean it's right that they didn't happen. Right. It's that the police cannot find proof 20 years later.


Right. Or don't want to find proof Because maybe there's this, They're all fucking involved. They're all conspiracies to The roof. Listen, my favorite murder is cracking the fucking case right now. Get with it by Post postulating postulating a lot, by repeatedly postulating, vaguely Hardcore, vague postulating. That's, that's our tagline. Now that's our, that's the new shirt. That's Our hook. Hardcore vague postulating. Okay. But then the authorities in December of the same year, so it was like six months later, they receive a letter about the woman's allegations and they reopen the investigation into Sister Margaret Ann's death.


Sure. So basically, somebody, some, she, somebody at the Catholic diocese heard this woman's story and believed her enough, or felt enough about it to send a letter to the cops to say, I think this needs to be looked into in some way. And they did. Yay. And that's why that sister Margaret Ann's death got the case, got reopened. And the name that they find is Father Gerald Robinson. That's the, they, there's a, there's a man named in this crazy quote unquote crazy story of pol Ritual pol priest molestation. And then when they go to open this 20-year-old murder case, he's the, he's the one guy that works there.


Yeah. And he's there and he, yeah. So then they start looking into it and they start, they look at, I think, I'm not sure exactly how they hook this up, but I love this. There was a very light indentation on that altar cloth that got put on her that had a little picture of the US capitol, and it was the medallion on a letter opener that they found on his desk. Oh my God. And then they took that letter opener and they put it and compared it to No, her wounds, it didn't match. Right. It matched, not only did it match, it matched like a key in a lock, quote, unquote.


Holy shit. So then they go and talk to him, and it said that when they brought him in for questioning, again, this is, you know, in now in 2000, 2004, I think he's, he's brought in for questioning. They talk to him a little bit. He denies everything. And when they, when he leaves the camera catches him, he's whispering to himself and saying things it like panic word, you know, like, he's clearly praying. Oh my God. He's saying like, holy Jesus. And it's little things that you, they can't pick up. Yeah.


The whole thing. But it's, I can't, I can't it. I wanna watch it. I wanna watch it. That's crazy. I know. So basically it's a, it's a bit of a Robert Durst moment. Yeah. Where he doesn't realize he's still being filmed. Oh my gosh. And he's alone freaking the fuck out, dude. No, freak out, freak the fuck out to yourself, everyone. Yeah, exactly. Just stare straight ahead. Yeah. Try to keep your eyes open as wide as possible. Don't blink. Do not blink. Don't blink no matter what. Yeah. But I feel like that's the thing of if you were, look, if you were looked at for a murder and you were not guilty of that murder Yeah. And then they brought you back in 20 years later.


Yeah. Excuse. There's no need to pray in a panicked manner. No. After the cops leave. No. I mean, you might be upset or whatever, but you don't, what are you freaking out about? Yeah. I demand to know. You have to tell me. So essentially they figure out that Father Robinson was angry about Sister Paul's domineering ways that they'd worked together for a long time. And that that, that he basically snapped also the fact they were having Easter services at that chapel. So maybe something specific happened, or like the pressure was building or they had to work together more than often.


Yeah. More than usual. I mean, to me though, the level of overkill, Oh my god. Building up so Crazy. Yeah. And it also indicates, it's like if you're a priest, I mean, I understand that you would be very familiar with things like inverted crosses. Yeah. Oh yeah. To stab, to stab an in inverted cross into an old woman's heart is pretty fucking extreme. But was It, what if he was stabbing her from her head down? Like maybe it wasn't inverted in his mind. You know what I'm Saying? No, it's the shape of an inverted cross.


Okay. They think one of the theories is that he was trying to make it look like totally. Some outside total creep, which Means he thought about it beforehand. Yeah. Like, that's what's crazy is like those little aspects of like, that he means he thought about it beforehand. Yeah. And also that doesn't sound like someone who's first and it was his first and only kill. No, it really doesn't. No, it doesn't. I mean, for, for things that I've read, it absolutely doesn't because if, if you kill someone, if you snap and kill someone and stab them a bunch of times, but you don't, you don't have the presence of mind to do shapes. Shapes and the designs. Designs and shapes the thing on the forehead.


Also putting the cloth on and then taking it off like you would do one or the other, it means something, right? Yes. And you, it's, it has meaning to you. Yeah. And it is At Ritual to you. Yeah. You, this priest, Like he can't see her while she's still alive, but he's fine seeing her and stabbing her when she's dead. You know what I mean? But he, it was, the cloth was on when he did the inverted cross. Yeah. So she was probably alive during that, and then she was dead, and so he could take it off and kill her. Oh. Like, and stab her more, which is creepy. So then he, So then he's Yes. Then he knows he's stabbing a dead body. And Then a priest 22 times takes her Clothing off, is like, oh. You know, like if you just wanted to kill her, then just do that.


But then going through this like to make it look sexual and like people who try to make it look sexual so that they think it's someone else are still doing this fucking crazy sexual thing. Yes. That's right. Right. Yes. It's, there's all, there's so many questions that I have. Yeah. And, and I'm the one that looked up the story. Thank God. That's No, no, no. I mean, these are questions that like only he can answer. Right. You know, these are not questions that we can Yeah. I mean, because they didn't, he, he is filed appeals. He, he pled not guilty. He filed appeals. They, the jury convicted him in like six hours.


Yeah. He was convicted of, they, they reduced the charge from aggravated murder to just regular murder. But then he just was, he just was in jail for the rest of his life and died there. And they convicted him on my birthday in 2006. Happy Birthday. Was that a good birthday for you? Let's see. I swear to God, like these last, I would say eight birthdays I have almost no memory of. That's probably good. I mean, it's all the same when you get to my age, girls, guys, when you get to my age, I'm taking a photo of you right now because Ellis is like sitting next to you, just listening to you intently watching. He's my good friend.


Yeah. So that's, that's cute. Do I have any makeup on? That's cute. No, you look great. I have work face priest Gerald Robinson. Probably not in heaven right now. Might be in purgatory. Good chance. He's in hell Most likely. Oh, Jews don't believe in hell. Oh, well, depends on which Jew you ask. He's, he's, you know where he is. Hmm. For all the Jews out there, he's waiting in line, in line at the Cheesecake Factory and he cannot get seated. That sounds antisemitic. I just can't figure out how is it, is it racist? No, I Don't care. No, no. I don't care. No, I deem it. I don it. Un anti, anti-Semitic.


All right. That was good. Thanks. That was fucked up. I know. That was good. That was fucked up. So it was Good. Okay, good. Okay, we're back. Happy Yom Kippur. Hey To everybody And happy Purim when that is relevant. Okay. Do you have any updates, Karen? There are no updates on this case. It's one of those, it's old. It's done. Yeah. It's just the kind of thing that gets reported on. I do have information that's equally as important. I know what the sacristy of a chapel is now, and it is what I thought it was. It's the dressing room of the church. It's the backstage area, like the green room. Yeah. I think I called it the backstage. Backstage where all the vestments and the sacred items and the liturgical supplies are stored and when, where the priests get ready before church, basically.


Me, me, me, me, me. Like God got God. Got God. I love New York. I need New York. I love, I need unique New York. Also, I wanna talk about this and thank you Alice Nago for including this piece of information. We talked about this clown panic that actually happened during 2016. That's right. Very real. Just A person standing on a corner in a clown costume at night. Right. Holding An axe. That's the part That sucks. There was an element to it that was very intentionally threatening. And once one, it was like, it would happen in one state and then it would start happening in others. So it was, someone Was like, some teenager was like, great idea. And they would go do it Themselves. And because it would go on the news and then they would show the video of like someone in a car passing a clown, holding an ax just standing on the side of the road.


Now, Do you think that's legal? Like without the acts fucking fine, whatever. Sure. Loitering. But with the ax, is that like threatening someone's life? I don't know, with a deadly weapon kind of thing? Is it about like how high up you're holding that ax, right. An angle, Right. Are you a smiling clown? Are you a crying clown? Are you just picking your nails with that ax? No big deal. Trying to get some broccoli outta your teeth. You're fine. Oh my God. So let me just tell you a little bit about this very real evil clown panic of 2016. Okay. So the president of the World Clown Association, Randy Christiansen, actually had to come out and condemn this trend, noting the negative effects on legitimate clown performers and related businesses.


Okay. He said, we're full of people that love children, bring smiles and wanna help people laugh and bring comic relief. The people dressing up are trying to scare people. No professional clown would ever take part in anything like that. Hmm. At this time, McDonald's even limited Ronald McDonald appearances at any kind of live event. Wow. That's how scared people were of clowns. That's when you have influence over at McDonald's. Like, good, good job. Good job. And then it came back briefly in 2017. 'cause the IT chapter one came out, right, which is kind of hilarious. And then it just went away, And then it just went away. So weird. What were they distracting us from? Oh, this is how it's all working. People Who was behind the mask. That's A circus.


Stop eating your bread. Okay, now it's time for Georgia's story about the Gage Park stabbings.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris, the cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap, or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally, space, even in an ev, the Ioni nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No battery's dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful IO nine rear wheel drive. S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ionic nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


If your idea of spring cleaning cleaning means getting rid of every single piece of furniture that you swore was temporary four years ago, article is here to help. Article makes it easy to create a stylish, long lasting home at an unbeatable price. And thanks to their online only model, they have some unbeatable prices too. Article offers a curated range of mid-century modern, coastal and scandy inspired pieces that not only shine on their own, but also pair seamlessly with other article products. This thoughtful approach to design makes it incredibly easy to mix and match, helping you create a space that feels cohesive and stylish. Article takes great care and curating its collection, focusing solely on high quality, meaningful pieces that will stand the test of time. There's no filler. Every item is chosen for its craftsmanship, design, and lasting value. An article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get a choose your delivery time, and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. Articles offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/murder and the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder. To get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more, goodbye


spring is in the air, And that means open Windows outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard Outdoor Protection, simply say it's monitoring agents closely. Watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I Get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady, or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


So, all right, since we're gonna be at the Chicago Podcast Festival. Ooh, I wanted to give a big UPS to Chicago by doing Chicago murder. Is it? No. What is it? The torso murders? No. Oh, wait, No, that's Ohio. Also, I wanna apologize for it to Indianapolis. Oh, they were hurt. Like, no, but they were so funny about it then it makes me wanna go there. I know last week I said the, I never wanna go to Indianapolis. And everyone was just like, yeah, we get it. They were like, really cool about it. And I'm like, oh, they sound cool. I know I'll go to Indianapolis. But also to me, when you said that you clearly were just pulling a city name out of your, it wasn't like you've been there and you're all bummed. No, I mean, real realistically, it's Cincinnati, ev what of every episode.


I just name a city and piss the entire country off. No, you just, but always keep it in that area, like that very contained area in the Midwest That realistically we're never gonna go to. We are So going to go on a train tour that is Indianapolis. Let's go to the, the, the, the places Georgia todo is kind of meh on Up to Peoria, Illinois. But then right back down Pittsburgh, you're on that list. Pittsburgh, pa, Pittsburgh parties. Yeah. Pittsburgh's good times. Is it? Yeah. I Okay. Yeah. I'll be there. Come on. I've done some colleges. It's true. I, I stayed at some of the best days in around this country.


I can tell you all Congratulations. Thank you so much. I saw the highway and the Bye way The throughway. Can I go please? Okay. I'm kidding. I don't care. So this is, I don't wanna, I wanna stop laughing while I say what this is. Good idea. Okay. This is the Gage Park stabbings. Yeah, exactly. Stabbings, plural, Stabbings. Multiple, What city did You say? Chicago. Yeah. Okay. So February 4th, 2016. That's recent. Oh shit. That's right after we started this podcast. Okay.


Police were called to perform a wellbeing check at the Martinez Family Home, which is Gage Park, which is a quiet working class neighborhood in the southwest side of Chicago. No one from the family had been seen since February 2nd, two days before. And a coworker of one of the family members had like, been to the police, like, what's up? So the police go, and the doors to the Martinez family house are locked and there's no signs of forced entry. But once the police get inside, they discover the bodies of the entire Martinez family. How many People, Molly, are you ready for this? So, knowing Martinez senior, he, he's 62, he's found just inside the front door with blood all over his head and arms.


And he had had 10 stab wounds to the chest. Oh, no's wife, 58-year-old Rosario Rosaro Martinez was found inside the back porch, step 45 times. Oh no. In her head, neck, chest, abdomen, including more than two dozen times in her head. Head stab, wound span. I can't fucking deal with these. Mm. Those are like, you gotta like stab hard. That's rage. Yeah. It's, that's crazy rage. Yeah. They're daughter, 3-year-old Maria Martinez had died of four gunshot wounds to the head Fuck. And their son, no, Martinez Jr. Who's 38, was found next to his sister.


They were both in an upstairs bedroom. He had 16 blunt force injuries to his head. And another 13 stab wounds to add. So here's the real sad part. I mean, that's a bummer. But the sons of Maria, Alexis Cruz, who was 10, was discovered in the basement and he had 11 stab wounds to the torso and 16 defensive wounds to his arms and hands. And then 13-year-old Leonardo Cruz is found on the front porch with 11 stab wounds to the head, shoulder, and chest. Who the Oh my God. So it was believed that all six were killed within about a three hour period.


And the doors, this is a nightmare. Yeah. The doors are locked. You know, no one's been heard from since the second. Oh, the family dog palooza, which is Spanish for fuzzy, was found alive inside, covered in blood, and visibly shaken. Ugh, that poor dog. So I mean, Jesus Christ. Yeah. And this is like a few fucking, like less than a year ago in Chicago, like a nice family. So police originally thought it was a murder suicide, but the autopsy proved otherwise. And there were three types of knives used, and none of them were there. So they were like clearly this and, and a gun.


Then a month after the family was killed, they still hadn't found anyone. And people were like freaking out that there were some crazy killer on the loose. So the police kind of started looking into the theory that maybe the killer or killers had, it was like a hit and they had hit the wrong home. Oh. 'cause the family had no ties to drugs and no, you know, nothing criminal at all. So they were starting to think that maybe because all the houses looked similar in that area, that they, that these criminals had hit the wrong home, which is fucking terrifying. Horrifying. Also horrifying. The cop said it's possible they targeted the wrong home for whatever reasons they were trying to get into a residence there, the family was targeted, but whether it was domestic related or possibly a Mexican cartel remains unclear.


They said, let's see. Okay. So those were the initial theories. Then eventually they started thinking that the family had been specifically targeted because Maria Martinez, who they thought was the main target, had been shot rather than stabbed. So they were like, that's fucking weird. So around three months later, while the whole neighborhood's freaking out, the detectives get a tip that the 22-year-old nephew of Maria's ex ex-husband had shown out the day after with noticeable injuries. His name is Diego Uribe. And detectives get a DNA sample of him from him. A few weeks later, his DNA matched the blood under Maria's fingernails and phone records also placed Diego Uribe in the area when the murders occurred.


Mm. 22-year-old fucking nephew. What the fuck? Yeah. Yeah. So on May 19th, 2016, the Chicago police announced first degree murder charges against Reba saying he had killed all six of them, including the two children in a robbery that had turned into a massacre. Although it seems like he had wanted to kill them in addition to rob them. Yeah, You don't, no, no. That's, you don't kill six people. You don't kill two fucking children. No, because it's like a robbery gone wrong. No. And his girlfriend, Jafe Ramos, who was 19, was also charged. Oh. So it seems like Martinez, who was close to the boys and close to the family, they let him into the house because they knew him and he was there a lot.


And he had gotten into an argument with Maria upstairs and had shot her first, and then her brother, no, junior goes upstairs after hearing the shots, and he beats him to death, death with the gun. Then the mom, ro ra Martinez goes upstairs, she gets killed next. And then he found the, the boys and he made them get cash and Xbox and other valuables from various rooms in the house after he had killed these fucking, his fam, their family. And then he took the boys to the Alexis to the basement, stabs him to death and murders the other boy while he begs for his life.


He's a fucking animal. Yeah. And he's admitting, like they admitted to all of this. Oh my God. And then he waits for the grandfather to get home and kills him on the porch. So they areba Areba and Ramos mad off with an Xbox about 550 in cash in jewelry. And then they pawn for about 150 bucks. And they said it was because they needed money for milk and diapers for their son as well as a car. And so she's not being, she, they don't think she actually killed anyone, but they think she was a quote active participant. So she was there like fucking cheering him on, holding People down and Shit.


Yeah, probably. But they both confess, they're both charged with first degree murder held without bail. But so he, they said they needed it for money, but apparently there was tension between Uribe and Maria Martinez. Because when Maria divorced Reba's uncle, he had a, a quote, lot of anger over how she had treated him. But another family member said that the uncle was super controlling of Maria and didn't allow her to take showers, put on makeup, or leave the house without his permission. Whoa. So he hates her, but meanwhile she's in this crazy controlling relationship and finally gets out of it. So yeah, they're, they're being charged with first degree murder.


All the victims are gonna be buried in Mexico. The Mexican consulate of Chicago is assisting in moving the bodies back to Mexico. That's fucking Chicago in February. And I'd never heard of it. I've never heard that. That's huge. Also, it's fascinating. You kill six people of your family. Yeah. And you have the foresight to like lock the door when you leave. So it, like, that tiny detail is so confusing. Yeah. That you're, that they would assume all these weird things Of Oh my God. Well The weird detail to me too is that, that he waited for the grandfather to come home because he wanted there to be a couple days in between the bodies being found.


And he knew that if he just left without killing the grandfather who was probably home every night. Yeah. Then he would come home to these bodies and, and it would be a quicker fucking discovery. I mean, so he Kill waits for him, kills him and locks the doors. Also, what brand of Psycho are you when you can kill all those people? Like, I mean, it's just, it's upsetting to hear about it. Yeah. Much less he did it and then like, took a break and then did a little bit more so that he could fucking have what? Yeah. $500. It doesn't Make, it clearly isn't about that because it doesn't make any sense.


Like, you can rob the family without murdering them all. Yes. But I think he went over there with the intention of killing them so he could rob them. Which if he, he kills her first by shooting her. And then you, you would think he would stab her because he's so angry with her and then shoot the others. Wait, did they say anything about drugs? There was no drugs involved. What the fuck? Neither of Hi. Neither of them had a record. The girlfriend had been arrested once for shoplifting or something like minor shoplifting. Wow. But It's just, yeah. It's like you don't even, you don't even rob strangers. You rob these two kids that you used to go over and play video games with and, and be and befriended Yeah.


That were younger than you And you can kill them. Like that's psychopath. That's to me. Yeah. It's like these, it's just these crazy circumstances that you become this or are always a psychopath and nobody knows about it. Yes, exactly. That family's like, come on in. Yeah. Oh, it's Cousin Ricky, whatever the fuck his name is. Yeah. Oh yeah. We're gonna do Good things. Yeah. We need a good things moment. Really. We need like a good themes theme song episode so we can both lay down for a minute. Podcast. Fuck.


I guess my good thing is being yelled outside. Well, being in San Francisco was so much fun. Wait, did it rain while you were up there? No, It was gor It was actually too hot. I know. That's hilarious. It was like 90 something. Oh shit. But people must have been naked when pe when the sun comes out and it's like 78. Oh in San Francisco people are like, my shorts. Like, it's the funniest thing in the World. Yes. The first thing we did was get Falafels from Truly Mediterranean and sit in, what's that park called? The, is it the one that's in Up near The Hate? Yeah. Yeah. No, not Golden Gate Park anyways. No, no, no. But there's a park, there's a small park. Yeah. That's like, if you go down toward the lower Hate.


Yeah. It was just full of like college kids and, and not no clothes. And like everyone was getting high and it was just like super sweet. Yeah. Yeah. So fun. So I think that the highlight of my week was that getting, that was my first time like getting yelled at by a stranger about the podcast. I That's the Best. Yeah. It was really nice out A car. I know. Thank you to whoever that was. What Was, how about your, the best moment of your week, Karen? I mean, I have to say they going to watch Never Not Funny. Live was awesome because those guys are so hilarious and it was, and Edie Cleric was there. She was just there to watch the show.


Wow. She's legendary from, you may know her as the high, the school secretary from Ferris Bueller's Day off. Yeah. She's, I just, dude, My God, she's so Cute. She's been in over a thousand movies. They were looking at her I mdd and talking About Her. Shut up. And, and so is she the cutest though? She, yes. And she got up to walk to the stage 'cause they heard she was there and then they invited her up to say hi and she couldn't see because she was up in the back and it was super dark. So I went and got, grabbed her hand and walked her up. And that's when Jimmy gave us the shout out. Did he give us the shout or just say something about it? No, he doesn't, you know, he's like, he talks like he's, You know, like he's always talks like he's a professional radio man. Oh, right. So he actually was like Karen Coger from the, my favorite Birder podcast.


And then he started pretending he was mad about it. Riffing on you. It was really awesome. That's so sweet. Yeah, that was good. But it, it also made me happy. 'cause like after a long day of work, sometimes going to a comedy show is like the best thing in the world. Yeah. Instead of just going home and being like, I'm tired, I'm gonna try to watch some show that I will fall asleep no matter what in five minutes going and watching my friends be hilarious. That's amazing. And say the best things and riff shit. It like, it's, it's life affirming. Plus I know that you're a quick makeup in the car person and I feel like sometimes being forced to put makeup on makes you feel better. You know what I mean? Yes. Like, that's what I do in the, like when I go work at Ca Cafes during the day, now I make my, like I, I have eyelash extensions.


I make myself put on makeup because I will immediately have a better day. Like feel better about myself. Yes. There was for like five years when I was in my, what I like to call now the hermit phase and whi which is infuriating. 'cause anytime I did a podcast or anything, I would remember when I got there. Oh, I'm gonna have to, they're gonna make me take a fucking picture at the end of this. I always forgot. Yeah. I That for a long time. I just wouldn't, I'd be like, what for? Who cares? Like, whom's gonna see me. It doesn't matter. Yeah. And, and then just recently, yeah. Just to, just to go and be somewhere and just kind of feel like I'm out and I'm in the world and I'm of the world. Like Yeah. Putting on some fucking a nice liquid eyeliner. Yeah. A nice rosy like, like tint lip tint.


A lip tint that will stay for a couple hours. Yeah. Keep you young and fresh looking. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good Glossier. Can we get another ad please? Glossier, how about you represent us as we represent you all Goddamn day long. Chilling our package. Chilling. Chilling it, chilling, chilling. Minding our business. Thanks for listening to my favorite Murder. We love you for loving murder like we do. Ah, you guys are the best. Thank you. Marinos. Thank you for your support. And stay sexy. Don't get Murdered. Elvis. You want a cookie? Cookie? Want a cookie?


Elvis? You want a cookie? Cookie? Come on Cookie Boy. Elvis. There he, he's he Is. Oh, he's fucking like, pay me bitches. Bye bye. Okay, we are back. Do you have updates on this case? I have a few updates. When I covered this case, the murders had taken place earlier that same year. So the trial hadn't happened yet. So in November, 2022, a jury found Diego ibe guilty of six counts of murder. He was sentenced to life in prison and provided no further explanation for why he targeted the poor members of his own family for robbery and murder.


God, which is just so confounding. Jfe Ramos, or by Hiss girlfriend ended up testifying against him and she made a deal with prosecutors for a lesser charge of armed robbery in the hope that she would one day be able to be with her son, who was barely a toddler at the time. Like what a waste of Heartbreaking. Yeah. In December, 2022, she was sentenced to 25 years in prison. Ugh. That's the end Man. Well, we should put the photo of you. It's so cute. Of you and Elvis. Oh, me and Elvis Really being best friends. You've Got this, this like Welp look on your face. Yeah. That's me being like, oh, do I have another job to go to now? I love that.


Let's, we're gonna post it on Instagram. So check that out. That's the real crossover of what I started to realize. You can't ever not wear makeup. Oh yeah. You, you can't. That's Just not No, you look so cute in the long hair. Elvis looks a little like disappointed enough. Elvis Is, here's what I loved about Elvis and his company. That's how he would just come and be like, I'll be near you now. Yeah. I'll give you the present, my presence. And you could feel it, but he wouldn't. It's like he doesn't really want you to pet him. No. Doesn't, I don't sit on your lap. I don't need to pet me in. Like I just wanna be part of this. Yeah. He really was such a part of it. Oh my. For so long. My good boy. Alright, so I like that episode. Yeah, those are good. I understand. So it was originally titled Sidebar Nation.


It's just because we can't stop going off topic. Off topic, off topic. The whole podcast should be called Sidebar Nation. Yeah, it should actually, there should be like a, what's it called? Spinoff. It'll be a spinoff where the, where two young women play us. We sync it. Two drag queens. Lip sync it, call it Sidebar Nation. I'd love that. But if we were naming it today, maybe we would call it the hurricane episode. Just 'cause of everything happening quickly at the top of the episode. Yeah. There's a bunch of action, or we could call it Cools for Fools, which Georgia tried to tell the story of what happened to her in front of McDonald's and saying that she tried to play it cool, but couldn't play it. Cool. You were jumping up and down. I was. I'll never play it. Cool. That's just not me.


No. Cool's for Fools baby. Yeah. Well thank you guys. You're cool. Thanks for listening to Rewind. Yeah, Thanks for being here with us and continuing on. We do this every week on Wednesdays, just looking at old shows and I don't know, I guess we're just podcasting forever. So join us please and stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah,


This July 4th, celebrate Freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces, you can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees, every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Think An EV can't fit your family, your gear and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Go by.


Taking care of yourself is hard enough without adding a blunder and a bucket of spinach to the mix. Groons makes it simple to get your greens. No chopping, mixing, or pretending you like Kale Required just eight daily delicious gummies packed. Packed with over 20 vitamins, minerals, and 60 whole food ingredients. They're vegan, gluten-free, and tastes like fruit snacks. Plus there's Groons kids for the little ones, whether you're already into wellness or still figuring it out. Groons fits right into your routine. You've got nutrition gaps and Groons fills them. Use code MFM for up to 45% off. That's code MFM for up to 45% off Groons. Get your greens the easiest way possible. Goodbye.