
This is exactly right.


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy. Heinous Crimes Unsettle, a small community, and the local detective feels these atrocities are eerily personal, as if someone or something is taunting her. Starring Niecy Nash Betts, Courtney b Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey FXs. Grotesquery premier's September 25th on FX Stream on Hulu.


This episode is brought to you by CarMax, boldly searching for your next used vehicle. With CarMax, you don't have to settle on anything when it comes Steer. Ride instead, steer clear of the ordinary and buy the car that's right for you because CarMax makes it easy to stop settling and find a car you'll love today. Start shopping now@carmax.com. CarMax the way car buying should be.


Hello, Welcome. back to Rewind with Karen in Georgia. Thought That was always my line. I Did too. But we can switch. This is our Series. You know it, we've told you all about it. We are going back and we're revisiting our favorite moments from the oldest episodes all the way back. And then we're discussing them, talking about feelings, what it makes us think of now. Basically therapy, right? Just continual talking about ourselves. And whenever we can, we'll add updates to the cases that we covered in the episode, and we'll try to recall what we were up to at that moment in 2016. It was a While ago. It was a long time though. But we can, we can do it together. So today we're rewinding back to episode eight.


There's a lot of firsts on this episode, and it first aired on Thursday, March 17th, 2016. And it's called Eight. is Enough. Murders Man. So gather your favorite coworker, your coolest roommate, and any metalhead in your life, and bring them to this listening party, because now we can all be day one listeners with a Rewind, with Karen and Georgia. So let's get into the intro of episode eight And begin. Here we go. Here we Are You ready to talk about murder? Because we are. Because we were murderers. Hey, this. Hi everybody. Hey this. Hi guys. Karen in Georgia. This is my favorite.


My favorite. murder. Murder. That's probably the most uncomfortable part for me. Yeah. This is the worst when we're talking not to each other, but to the audience. Yeah. It's very unnatural. It's so, or like introducing something and like, clearly we haven't rehearsed this at all and have No, we don't have any Radio experience. We're not professionals in that way. Hello everyone. Yeah. Word. Like you say a word and then I say a word and we'll go back and forth. Please. My Saying Menon. Yes, exactly. Did you say by Menon? No, that's how good we are at this. We don't have any kind of instinct toward what the other person's doing. And, we always guess wrong. Yeah. And. we talk over each other. It's perfect. There We are. And yet, And yet we have A thousand people in the Facebook group.


1000 I know. And this Is episode eight. That's a very high number. And None of them are sexist, racist jerks yet. I hear, now I'm not on Facebook. Brag, brag, brag, I know. But from what I hear from Georgia, everyone is the coolest on our Facebook page. They're all like, there's all these people that feel like they've come home and they can finally talk to someone about murder and like, 'cause like their, their husbands and siblings and everyone thinks they're fucking weirdos for being into murder. And then suddenly they found their people. God bless you all. Someone Even said, Hey, and does anyone in the New York area wanna have a a murder meetup? And I'm like, that's how you get murdered. Don't do that. But that's very sweet of you. Yeah. That's that's easy to misinterpret for, for in any direction.


Yeah. It can either be murder everybody or have a murder meetup and then just murders. You're gonna get murdered. I would just be super clear with the wording in that meetup. Yeah. I'd also like to say that we have nothing to do with anyone who gets murdered because of this podcast. We deserve the right to To not be culpable. Yep. Into perpetuity. Exactly. Those are two legal words that I know that was legal As fuck. It felt pretty great. We have a, we had a murder meetup today. We totally, we ate lunch before this recording. We both had eggs. It was pretty nice. And talked about, like, about the Simpson Show, which we're calling The Simpsons, The New Simpsons, OJ The People versus OJ Simpson And. we talked about that extensively.


I feel like I could talk about it forever. I do Too. I mean, they are killing it literally. It's so great. It's so great. And I was telling Georgia that Pat Oswalt, everyone's favorite standout comedian is now on Twitter actively praising Sarah Paulson for her performance as Marsha Clark. Nothing makes me happier. Do You think his wife is a little bit like, get off of my fucking, this is my, my hair murder is my thing. Yes. And you're kind of stepping on my toes right now. Like if she were gonna be having a standup comedian, All of a sudden. I, I, you know what I picture Michelle McNamara is just always in the other room with her sleeves rolled up trying to solve crime in real life. And that's why she's my hero. She Is such a badass. She's like, you can tweet whatever you want.


Yeah. 'cause I'm in the real world. That's adorable. Yeah. I'm being a fucking investigative journalist over here. Go talk about Your murder show that happened 25 years Ago. Right. That people from American Horror Story are acting out now. Yeah. It's adorable. Yeah. Okay. Is there any little part of your brain that is like open to the idea that OJ didn't do it? No. Okay. Just making sure I understand why people think that and want to believe it, but I don't think that you can beat your wife up for years and years. And I think he beat his first wife up too. Yeah. Like you, that as a pattern and as a, as a, you having explosive anger and violent reactions to things.


Plus as we all are starting to learn the concussion elements in football Sure. That lots of football players have these problems that could truly stem back to like mental issues, rage Issues. I don't think that that just kind of stops at a certain point. Like Yeah. I don't, I don't think that's a controllable thing Or All of those things happen and then just some stranger comes and kills these two people that Yeah. It doesn't, it wouldn't make sense. Right. And Also, especially With all the evidence, There would be blood evidence that would have they, I honestly believe that that defense team Yeah. That was just going to town would've found other blood and been like, what about this guy? Yeah.


Yeah. 'cause that's, they were doing, they were scrambling and they got him off. I mean, like, it's incredible. It's an, it's amazing. So if they, if there was another person I trust that, that dream team would have been like, here's the person. Yeah. Here's their name, here's their blood. Like, Here's why we think that. Yeah. That's, that's a very good point. Yeah. Okay. But also I know there's just bias because I really love the fact that I lived through it and now I'm watching it on tv. I know, Isn't it? It's funny when then like, they'll be like a dramatic turn and you're like, oh. And you're like, wait, no. He still gets off. Like, you know the outcome, You know the ending. Yeah. But yet it's still a great, that's, that's the testament to the show is that it's so good.


Yeah. And they're telling you the things you don't know about it. Right. Which I love. The only part of it that I am not into is, is OJ Simpson. Like, what's his name? Cuba Good. And Junior As OJ Simpson. Yeah. He doesn't look right. He doesn't, I can't picture OJ Simpson when I look at him. Right. For so many reasons. Someone just texted me that they saw Tracy Morgan when he talked, when Cuba Good and junior dog, like, Like Cuba is playing Tracy Morgan. Who's Playing oj. Yeah. Oh, oh. You know what I mean? But, but somewhere in there. Tracy Morgan is, Well, very few men look like OJ Simpson. That Yeah. That would've been a really hard thing to cast, I think. Yeah. I guess, I guess I wish someone was, he was bigger.


You know who should have played it? Who? Shamar Moore. Who's that? Criminal minds. Oh. He used to be on a soap opera. And the reason I know him so well is because when I worked on the Ellen DeGeneres talk show, anytime there would be somebody would drop out, like if there was an emergency, they would always call Shamar Moore because he was an amazing guest. He was usually available. 'cause he was on Criminal minds. So he was always in town. Oh, yeah. And because he was on a soap opera, he had the crazy high Q rating, so we'd get spikes in our ratings. Holy shit. Even though he wasn't like famous. Famous. Yeah. He was like, beloved. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I, I like to see who was on that like audition list and if Cuba good and Jordan just got picked because for what?


Whatever reason. Well, 'cause he is a good actor. Yes. And like those times where he's in jail and like Yeah. There's great, he's pathetic moments, but Yeah. He just doesn't look right. Yeah. He has this great, you feel bad for him because he clearly doesn't understand what's going on. Yeah. I like that character. He's playing. But it doesn't feel like OJ Simpson to me. Right. Well, because there's too much. Yeah. He seems bewildered and confused, which might be an act that like there's a reveal later. Right. But it's, I wanna see someone that's a little more going with the story he's being given. Yeah. Knowing that he's, he has an out after having killed two people. Yeah. Jesus. But maybe that's just my agenda.


No, I think that's true. And I feel like this, this weekend, the Simpsons like, we open every episode now with, because it's so good. I hope everyone's watching. Exactly. And the idea that you decided to call it the Simpson is my favorite thing of all time. Should we talk about our favorite murder? Yes. So this week we were doing strange ways to die. Yeah. Originally we were gonna, we just shot out the idea we weird murder weapons. Yes. And I just like, look, I, I googled that and it's just like really boring stories. Lots of one-offs, which I'm not interested in. Like crime's a passion where a woman kills a man with the stiletto heel.


Yeah. Where it's like, well, yeah, but that's just crimes of passion. Exactly. There was a good, one of a, of a guy who was like clearly grooming a 10-year-old boy to be like his, he's gonna child molest him. Yeah. And the guy, the kid one day was like, fuck this. And took a pickle jar and smashed him over the head with it, but then he stabbed him to death. So it's not like the pickle jar killed him. Right. You know, it Just stopped him for a Second. Yeah. And that's the amount of the story I could, like, that's the story. So I would've had no story to tell. Well, yeah. There's, when it comes down to it, I was thinking, oh, I bet I could find a serial killer. Kill people with like a bow and arrow or something. Right. That's just in the movies, but Yes. Exactly. And when you're, when you're reverse researching stuff like that.


Yeah. Just stuff comes up. I was also thinking of hope. There's gonna be, there's a person I want to talk about in the future who is the Sacramento Vampire Killer. Oh, Right. He's so creepy. But when he actually killed people, he just killed them with guns. Exactly. So it all boils down to boring weapons. Listen, if you're a killer out there, you gotta get a little more creative. If, you wanna make it onto the show. Yeah. How about you do one of those? Like in, Do You know what I'm talking about? I know in the line of fire, John? No, I always do that when I think I know the end of a story. Yes. John Malkovich makes a gun out of wood so that he can, he gets the metal detector and he can Kill the president. Oh. Like really? Makes a gun gun.


Yes. That's cool. No, I was gonna say in, in, oh, the one where he, he, oh, I can't remember. He kills people with the the cow air gun. Yes. Oh, no. Country for men. No Country for old men. Thank you. The best. That's, yeah. Something like that. Someone needs to not do to us. That movie is so fucking perfect. I've seen that so many times. It was gorgeous and I don't like movies. Gorgeous. And the idea that you would Kill someone that way Yeah. Is so fucked up. It's so fucked up. And it's like not necessary because guns. Because guns, yeah. Oh wait, do you want me to go first since you went First last? Sure. But what if we have the same one?


Well, I would be Shocked because here's what I Did. Okay. Excuse me. Oh, wait, so, so the topic is now weird ways people have been killed or died. Yes. Okay. So we have to immediately point out that it was said that the Facebook group has a thousand members and quote, none of them are sexist, racist jerks yet. It's like, I knew It is the example of how we've all been here before. We've all done this before. Yeah. And you are absolutely prognosticating because that Facebook group doesn't exist anymore because there was a racist asshole that showed up there and said something that once we knew what was going on Yeah.


Was so disappointing and so shitty. And then we just shut the whole thing down, which pissed a bunch of people off. Yeah. It was like such an online problem that we did not know how to solve. It's like we said, okay, well we're taking our toy and going home then because you guys can't play nice with this. Yes. You know? And I think that was our panic and our, our gut reaction immediately. Yes. Completely. So, yep. We knew can't have nice things. As Marcus Parks said, when I called him to ask for his help in that controversy, and he went, oh, you still have a Facebook page? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You can't do that. Like, thanks Marcus. Oh yeah, That's True. Thanks for the business advice. Okay. So in this episode, we do the theme Strange Ways to Die.


And it's time for Karen's story about cursed movie sets, which is just such a great idea. So I guess the one thing I need to say about my story is that it wasn't an official source, but I do mention an article from a website called cursed.com where I got some of the information about The Exorcist. Although Erin Brown tried to look it up and she couldn't find the article, so she couldn't like get I know it doesn't Exist. I imagine the whole thing, it's cursed. But it was that kind of thing where I, I really wonder if there's a second source. So that the things that I was saying, like is any of this proven? Did somebody just throw up an article and go like, here's some stuff Right.


And just made shit up. No, it's like legend. Right? There's like some legendary stuff from that. Right. Legend versus fact. Okay. Right. That's yes. Is what we're talking about. I see that and I see the words have meanings. Right. All right. So let's, let's listen.


This podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health. As I've Gotten older, one of the biggest lessons I've learned is to speak up when something is wrong. That's right. It's all about advocating for yourself. This is especially true as you navigate your health during menopause or perimenopause. Hormonal transition is a normal part of aging. But that doesn't mean you have to suffer through symptoms like insomnia or hot flashes. MIDI Health understands what you're going through and connects you to experts in menopausal Care. If you've never heard of Menopausal Care, that might be because 75% of women who seek clinical support don't receive treatment. Ugh. Committee Health is the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. MIDI Health provides the support you need and deserve from FDA approved medications to lifestyle coaching and health guidance. All MIDI Health services are covered by insurance and can be accessed through telehealth visits and 24 7 direct messaging. Your body changes in midlife and so should your healthcare. If you're over 40, you deserve to feel great. So visit MIDI Health Book, your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's Join mi d.com. Goodbye.


This episode is supported by FXs Grotesquery, a new series from executive producer Ryan Murphy, heinous Crimes Unsettle, a small community. And the local detective feels these atrocities are eerily personal, as if someone or something is taunting her. Starring Niecy Nash Betz, Courtney v Vance, Leslie Manville, and Travis Kelsey f Ex's. Grotesquery premier's September 25th on FX Stream on Hulu. I'll just take you down my thought process. Murder journey. Okay. Love it. On this week, so last week when we were talking about OJ Simpson, we started talking about Dominic Dunn. Right. Which I fucked up and said she got killed The wrong way. We both did.


'cause I immediately agreed with you. But here's the thing. So I And, we once talked about this, we were gonna have a correction section where we go with True because a bunch of people tweeted us at us to say, yeah, Dominic Dunn was killed by her ex-boyfriend who was stalking her, but she wasn't killed by a fan. You are thinking of Rebecca Schaeffer from my sister Sam. We exact That's exactly true. It's what we were, but I thought of the exact same thing and I was right there with you now. So I went to look it up to be like, okay, here's gonna be our correction. Well it turns out that it was, they were very, very similar murders. They were both actresses. Dominique Dunn was 22. Rebecca Schafer was 21. Oh my God. Both murdered at their homes. Dominique Dunn was murdered by her ex-boyfriend who was stalking her and who she was trying to be like reasonable with.


And she actually, the creepy thing to me about her murder is that she was doing everything she could to like stay safe. And there was a guy, she had her friend over watching TV with her when the ex-boyfriend showed up wanting to quote unquote talk to her and made her come out on the porch. And so the guy was like waiting inside thinking everything was fine. Yeah. 'cause they're outside, They're outside talking. Then he doesn't see them. Then he goes out around back to see if they went into the backyard. Finally comes around front and sees the ex-boyfriend standing over her str. He has strangled her to death. How are you, how do you know if someone's gonna be like a stalker light or is it a murderer? I mean, I think the lesson we're slowly learning is that like If, you have an abusive boyfriend, you have to break up with him and not get back together with him.


Not like you have to cut him out of your life Completely. Because that's, it's the, that's the mistake. I mean, not to say that she made a mistake, but she did get back together with him once. And then you gives, You give the idea and an opening to be back to think that he's back in your life and has a way to do it. And he's just Yeah. That he can convince you over that and He doesn't stop. Which is clearly not the woman's fault. No. But we need to be able to not let them come back in our lives at All. Well, and in both of these cases, it's that thing of women being polite. Oh my God, it's women. Yes. Thinking they're afraid to be a bitch or they're afraid to make a strong stand. So in Rebecca Schaffer's case, it was a stalker, had been stalking her for three years and who ended up hiring a private investigator to find her home address.


And so that was actually after her murder. Between that and the Theresa Salana attack, which she didn't die. That was the woman who's the co star of Raging Bull who ended up getting attacked by her stalker. That's both of those. It ended up changing. They, they created the first anti stalking law in California, 1990, I believe, because of those two things. That's amazing. But those two things were totally parallel. They were just seven years apart. But they were almost exactly the same. So I was, 'cause I was like, we both made the exact same mistake. That's weird. And so I wanted to like look into it and that brought me down the road Uhoh, because Dominique Dunn is most famous for being a part of cursed movies.


Is She Poltergeist? Yes. She was the teenage sister and Pulter guy. Fuck When she flips off the fucking construction workers in her backyard. And I was a kid. I was like, I'm wanna be like that when I grow up. Yes. And both of those girls were very like ho. There were girls that when you watch them on TV and movies, you're like, I know that girl. Yeah. Like total girl next door girls. Yeah. So I went into cursed movies, cursed movie thing. So that's my thing. That's That. What I, that's badass. Okay. So Poltergeist, the trilogy of movies, they've had all these deaths and tragedies associated with the movie. Love this show. So I'm just gonna walk you on through and then I have two other ones.


Okay. They get shorter As they go. No, I dig it. But we start with Pol Poltergeist. So Dominique Dun was murdered five months after the release of Poltergeist one. The original Poltergeist. Okay. And then Poltergeist two, Julian Beck was the guy that played Cane, that super creepy preacher. And he died of stomach cancer at age 60, right after that movie came out. Two. That was in 1983. That was Poltergeist two. I came in 83. Yeah. How Did I watch that? Okay. What do you mean? Because I just remember, I feel like I remember seeing it in the theater, but I must not have because I was That's too young for me to have.


You would've been too young. Yeah. Well there was three of them. Yeah. You may have seen part three where they were in the apartment building building. No, maybe I, maybe we got it on VHS. Oh, okay. Okay. Go on. Then in 1987, will Sampson, who played in, in Poltergeist two, played Taylor, the medicine man, the big, who was the big silent Indian in one floor over the CCUs nose. Oh yeah. He's incredible. Yeah. He died of Sclero scleroderma, which is a degenerative, chronic, degenerative condition that basically he ended up like had having kidney failure and all this stuff. So he died and he was only 53. Oh man. There's just like so many ways you can die. Like If, you If, you want to think about it a lot.


There's just, there's All these things. There's All these things. If it's not murder, then it could be a disease. It could be some weird gene just clicks on. It's, It not, it's not. Could have. It's gonna Well, yeah. Gonna, There's gonna be something. That's really what it's, We're all ticking time off. Okay, go on. Then the one that that got this idea of this movie is Cursed Going is Heather O'Rourke. 'cause she died when she was 12 years old. It was 1987, the same year as Will Sampson. And it was before the release. And they, some people say before the ending of the shooting of Poltergeist three. So she Was the little girl, but she's like the main character in Poltergeist. She's in the middle of shooting Anne. Yeah.


Anne Lactose. She's halfway through shooting the third one. Yes. Okay. They, I think more than halfway through. Okay. But they, some people say they can't Get it confirmed that there's a body double for the rest of the Shooting. Whoa. Because she died and it was, they had diagnosed her as having Crohn's disease, but what she actually really had was a bowel obstruction. So she got the flu, went into septic shock, and then cardiac arrest, they rush her to, I think it was Cedar-Sinai Holy shit. And she died on the operating table. So, so that's like a simple thing that could have been fixed. Yes. And she was just misdiagnosed. So that's, and she was only 12. So that's when everyone started freaking out that there's something wrong with this.


Yeah. Like Cursed. This whole movie is cursed. Yeah. Then a guy named Lou Perryman who played a small part in the first pollster, guy's Pugsley, he was in 2009. He was murdered by an ax wielding Excon who broke into his apartment. Oh my God. Just flat out horribly murdered. Why Him specifically? Or it just happened that way. They think it was just somebody trying to rob him, but he, like the guy had an axe and then just ended up killing him. Or it was a cousin At home movie, or it was a curse Movie and it was just a, I didn't man possessed by a demon. That's Crazy. Okay. Then Richard Lawson, who played the Para Parapsychologists Ryan in the original, I liked him.


Yeah. He's, and he's been in, when I looked on his Wikipedia page, it just went on and on. He has been in a million things and he still is like, up until like 2016, like release pending, like he's been in Everything. Wow. Yeah. And he was on, he was in a commercial airline crash where there were 51 people passengers on the plane. 27 of them died and he walked away. So more than half the people on the plane died and miraculously he walked away. So, fuck. That kind of is like, you know, it's, you know, say a tragedy associated, but it almost this kind of like, well that it's A freak accident. It's A freak accident that he didn't die in. Yeah. So it's almost like, well, maybe he ended the curse, but if I were him, I would never leave the house.


Well, but, oh. Or would it be that thing where I survived a fucking Yeah. Plane crash that other people didn't. That's true. I'm invincible or whatever. That's true. That's true. But also turned out, and Joe Beth Williams talked about this in an interview she did once that she found out after. So, you know that huge crazy scene at the end where they fall, that they fall into the pool and there's all the skeletons. Those Were real human skeletons. No. That they used. Why? 'cause apparently they, a rubber skeleton remake is more expensive than just using real ones who gave Them skeletons. I am, they probably bought them from Prop House or whatever, but a lot of people think that that has something to do. Sure. With it.


But then also they say that the, the remake that they just came out with, right. My boyfriend Sam Rockwell, that they, they shot it on a house that had a big field behind it so they could kind of like recreate all that stuff. And apparently they couldn't get any of the electronic stuff to work in this field. They couldn't get, they, they were using drones to shoot overhead shots and the drones wouldn't work. They wouldn't register the field. Oh my God. I'm getting chills. Yeah. So there was like, there was a thing where there, there was all kinds of problems and weird shit going on on that set too. Oh My God. I'm like gonna throw up right now.


Well then that brought me around. That brought me to a cracked article. Which If, you don't go onto cracks.com, you're crazy. Oh my God. It's the best website. It gives you listicles, but they're written so hilariously so well, and it's like Buzzfeed for smart, funny people. Yeah. And it's like, the topics I do are just absolutely incredible. Like the, the 10 scariest mysteries that are cannot be explained or like, Ugh, I love cracks. Or like 10, 10 YouTube videos that are actually what they say they are like. Right. Truly scary and crazy. Right. Yeah. Cracked is amazing. So that's, that led me to this list. And they had, it was like six cursed movie Yes. Sets, but I only did, 'cause the next one that that turned me onto was The Exorcist.


Oh shit. Which it makes, you know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, oh, it makes sense that this is Cursed. Yeah. It's not like, it's not like my Fair Lady was cursed. It's like fucked up movies like The Exorcist And this one's crazy. Oh my God. I wanna hear, I don't know this. So it's Exorcist was shot in 1973 or came out in 1973. It was shot the year before. Okay. I'll just start here. The shooting was delayed after the set caught fire. So there's a set of their house. Yeah. If you've seen the movie If, you haven't seen the movie. You have to. It's the scariest movie. It's so seventies and it's so like, it's not scary because things are popping out. Yeah. You like, it gets scary obviously later when she's possessed. But yeah, in the beginning it's just all tone and feel where you're Justifying lighting.


Lighting and music and Yeah. Tone. It's like, And when they bring Reagan to the hospital to see what's wrong with her, there's a part where she's in like this MRI machine thing, that is one of the scariest things. And it's just medical equipment. Yeah. Like, there's nothing actually happening. But it's like, you know, they just did it Perfectly. You know, man, they don't need drones to make a fucking movie cool anymore. Right. I mean, back then, So this set caught on fire. Oh my God. For no reason. The only thing that they can figure out was they thought maybe a pigeon landed in like the breaker boxes, like the electrical boxes. Oh my God. But other than that, they couldn't figure out a reason why it would catch on fire. And the only room that didn't burn was Reagan's room. No.


Which is where all the possession demonic shit takes place at the end of the movie. I quit the movie at that point. It Didn't, didn't burn. Yeah. Everything else in the house burned. That's, which is insane. Terrifying. So shooting was delayed because of that. Okay. Then, and I read a couple, a couple different versions of this story, but the one that seemed the most consistent was that it happened to Ellen Burston. So there's a scene where when Reagan is totally possessed, she throws her mother against the wall. And in the movie she gets thrown against, the wall falls down and there's this blood curdling scream. Well, it's because Ellen Burston, the way it happened, she like broke her spine. Yeah. And the scream is real. Oh, I hate, I feel like there's, so, there's like a, a scene in Jaws too.


I feel like in the seventies and eighties they were like, let's just use it. We, we like didn't do that. Right? Yes, exactly. The person is screaming 'cause they're in pain. Exactly. And it's like, what better kind of blood curdling scream as opposed to like somebody standing in a se recording gate. Yeah. Like screaming. It's when they're like real scream of her spine breaking And they're like, it's realistic because it's real. Because it Happens. My god, that's Awful. And also, this was one of the first movies that ever used Subliminal message. Subliminal recordings. That's fucking Awesome. So part of the other reason that it's such a freaky movie is because subliminally they're playing tapes of bees. Of swarms of bees. No buzzing bees and lions growling, like before they eat something. So Like in your, in your, like your brain, in your old brain, yes.


You like understand you Can hear these like emergency, emergency get out. So you, but it's like in the, in their lead up parts. I love that. It's not even like subliminally like a baby crying or like subliminally someone getting stabbed. It's like subliminally shit that way. Back when, when we were fucking animals. Yes. We needed to be afraid of Run away. Run away. There's bees. Yeah. Love It. And also, there's that part where when Kara sees his mother coming up out of the, of, out of the sidewalk, out of the subway, it's that part where she had died and he didn't see her. And he has all this guilt and he keeps dreaming about her coming and, and like crying for her, him across the street or whatever in that scene. And I've actually watched it and paused it.


They just flick in for half a second. This horrifying face. No. Yeah. And it, you can look it up online. It's great. It's like, it looks like a really white face with dark black circles underneath and red, red in the eyes and red in the mouth. I gonna cry. It's horrifying. Gonna cry. I wanna start crying right now. It's crazy. Creepy. Okay, so, so, okay then let's see. Oh, so the actor who played the director, so the plot of the movie said Ellen Burson's an actress and she's in this movie and so all the shit starts happening while she's in this movie and she has to quit the movie, whatever. Well, the director of the movie is played by an actor named Jack McOwen who died days after completing his scenes of the flu.


What? And he was 54. What the fuck? So just kind of strangely, randomly just dies of the flu. What is This fucking the, The woman who plays car's mother, who is in that thing of like, she's an 89-year-old Greek woman who literally got cast like I think out of a restaurant, a Greek restaurant or something. She died of natural causes like days after Jack McGowan died. Wow. They died within like six days of each other. And they're the two characters in the movie who die. Oh fuck. So Oh God. So then, Then there's the, these are the other like tragedies and deaths. Okay. Linda Blair's grandfather died while shooting Maxon STOs brother died.


On the first day he started shooting Holy shit. And he plays the old priest that comes to Father Caras, Jason Miller, who plays Father Caras. His son was hit and almost killed by a motorcycle during shooting. Jesus fucking Mercedes McCambridge. I think that's how you pronounce her last name. Did The voice of the demon. When, when Linda Blair is, you know, possessed. Yeah. In 1987, her son murdered his wife and children and then killed himself. Whoa. Which is, you know, 10, 15 years after All of it. Yeah. Still like it's just the curse thing. Yeah. Whereas like, how many movies can you say had this many like a crazy fucked tragedies fucked and hideous things happen.


Yeah. And this is the best at the premier in Rome. They're at this theater and across the street is a 16th century church. And as the people are filing in to the movie premiere Yeah. A rainstorm and lightning storm starts going, no, everyone's in the theater and before the movie starts, they hear this crazy noise outside Lightning had struck the cross on top of this church. No. It had been there for 400 years and this eight foot cross falls off the church and into the plaza across from the Theater Holy shit. Yeah. That's not God being like, Nope. Yeah. Or the devil being like, how dare you.


Yeah. How dare you try to fight me. So that, so the last one is Rosemary's Baby. Oh, I knew it. 'cause I was gonna say it sounds like the plot of Rosemary's Baby, which is that like, you know, the actor gets stricken with blindness to Get it. The role. Okay. Yes. So Yeah. Okay. And this is, and If, you look it up and there's, you can find plenty of websites 'cause there's a bunch of other ones and the, there's a really good one, but it's not even cursed. It's just, there's that movie. I, I think it's Genis Khan. I don't remember what the title is, but it's the John Wayne movie where they ended up, they shot like five miles downwind from where they were testing a bombs in the desert. So Everyone got cancer. Yeah. Yeah. Every fucking buddy got cancer and they took dirt from the set where they shot like on a location and tested it.


And then they took it back and used it in the, in the studio set. So like everybody got cancer. Oh my fucking, I love shit like that. Yes. I mean, it's, you know what I mean? It's so terrible. The Worst mistake anyone's ever made. Yeah. Like that. That is the most toxic dirt. Yeah. You don't want that sugar. I thought you were gonna say they tested it and they found that they found that it was Nope. They used it. Nope. They brought it back and used it. Yeah. Jesus. Yeah. And also the, also the, the female lead in that movie was attacked by a black panther. Sure. The real animal. Yeah. Not the, not a political actress. I figured, I figured you would. I figured you wouldn't. I figured something would be different in that saying. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. A real got attacked by a panther. And that, the funniest thing to me was that that was like a one line thing where I'm like, I would like to know more about this.


Like, where was she, what happened? What had the Black Panther had for breakfast? Like, I wanna know everything so insane. So in on Rosemary's Baby, and this is a short one, but just the man who was the composer died of a brain clot a year after filming, which is the same way a character in the movie dies. Didn't he die that way in the movie? Yes. Oh. The composer of the, the real Composer of the movie in real life died of a brain clot the way the guy in the movie died Holy shit. And then of course we all know Roman Polanski. Yeah. Who bought the house from Terry Melcher, who was a music producer who would not record Charles Manson's music. And so Charles Manson sent his death hippies up to murder everybody thinking he was gonna kill Terry Melcher.


And he ended up killing Roman Polanski's wife, Sharon Tate, her unborn baby and four other people. Jay Seing, she's a famous hairdresser. Yeah. And Polanski was in London at the time. Yeah. So he just by chance missed that. I didn't realize that there was a reason they went to that house. Yeah. I think I thought they just went there because wasn't it the heir to the, the, what was it, the coffee fortune that lived there? Folgers? Oh yeah. I don't, I mean it was Roman Polanski's house though, I think. Yeah. She was there. She was there. But I thought they went there to like, 'cause it was rich people. I didn't realize they went there because Manson was like, you wouldn't me. You wouldn't, this is how he talks. You wouldn't record my music.


Hey Man. Amen. Yeah. Oh, I didn't know that he had a reason. But then once they were there, there was, they didn't care. Yeah. They were just like, we're killing all these people. Right. But here's what I find interesting about that is that, that they call the Manson family called that helter skelter, that murder spree, which of course was a Beatles song. And then John in 1980, John Lennon was shot in front of the Dakota. This same apartment building used No. As the exterior. No. Of the apartment building. No. For Rosemary's Baby. No. The end of my thing. I'm Just gonna kick my glass of water over right now because I can't even handle any of this. I'm just gonna, I just wanna kick it. There's so many good things like that. But that's, I mean, I kind of went way off our theme.


No, but there was a line, there was a, it was a linear narrative al that started with a murder Yes. That we had talked about before. Exactly. So I deemed that. Okay. Thank You. Good And. also, it it makes me just wanna say we love it when you tell us if we make mistakes. Yeah. Because this conversation can be so dense. Yeah. Shit. We're talking about sometimes that, obviously I definitely make those mistakes all the time. We wanna hear it if you're like, oh wait, no, that's not right. And we're only, I mean, Karen and I really only research the ones we're gonna talk about. So if we're just randomly going off on a tangent about something else, we're not gonna have like, be looking it up at the moment. In the moment. Yes. It's called Research And. We're not doing it. So you're, so We, so we want you to Yeah, definitely help us and add, because yeah, once I, I saw a couple people be like, I remember very specifically when she was murdered and stuff.


So then I was like, oh yeah, we should tell that story accurately. Yeah. That then led me down that path. Just don't be mean about it because we are, we have very fragile self-esteem And. we will just fall apart because you're mean. So during your story, you talk about needing a corrections corner because we already have listeners providing feedback to the mistakes we started to make. Well, yeah. How could we not make mistakes when we were doing stuff like reading one article and then trying to Yeah. Retell stories. It's like, How can we not make mistakes when we're living life? And it's so fucking complicated And we're all we're doing is talking to each other on Yeah. On mic. Yeah. I'm not, it's It's, it's for mistakes.


It's, But it is interesting that Corrections Corner then became a thing where like, then Corrections Corner generated this idea. So it really is that thing of like, don't be afraid to make mistakes. Yeah. And don't be afraid to be wrong. It's what gets you to your next thing. Totally. And, and no one cares except for You pay attention to your mistakes and you know, work on them. And you're not as bad of a person as you were before. Use the creative ideas that are inside of them. That's right. They're like beautiful marbles. You know, every mistake you make That's right. That you could look at as, you know, trash Or you could put in a big tall glass and stick some lilies into, and Then have someone at the fair count how many marbles they're in.


And then win that jar of marbles. Then you win marbles. That's life. That's life, isn't it, kid? What the fuck are we talking about? Okay, now we're going on to Georgia's story. I feel like we're saying this every episode of Rewind, but man is this, is this one, one that sticks with You. This one sticks with you. It's so frustrating. Yeah. It's really frustrating. My research is sparse, but I looked at a lot of Reddit posts, so that's great. Yeah. And listened to the Generation Y podcast about the case and had just Yeah, I had been reading about it for so long. So here's the story of the death of Rebecca Zaha.


So this is the murder of, hold on. Rebecca Za. Zaha. Zaha, I'm gonna say, what's the spelling? Z-A-H-A-U. Yeah. Zaha. Zaha. I'd say Rebecca Zaha. And it's also called the Coronado House murder. Have you heard of this one? No. Okay. I'm gonna start from the, the, the very beginning. I'm gonna start from, I love the house murder. Yeah. This one's fucked up. This one. I've, I think I followed it as, as it was happening because this is what happens. First, the morning of July 11th, 2001, 6-year-old Max Shaq. Now Max Shaq now six years old, takes a fatal fall from the staircase banister in his, in his historic San Diego Mount Mansion called Sp Freckles beach House in Coronado, California in San Diego.


His father is a pharmac pharmaceutical, CEO named Jonah Sha now. And the nine one one call comes in from Jonah's 3-year-old live-in girlfriend Rebecca Zaha, 32 years old. Burmese, she's, she's a live-in, she lives there. She calls 9 1 1 to say that Max was running down the hallway above the lobby, like entrance to the house. When he went over the banister, he suffered spinal cord injuries and head trauma and was in a coma. Ultimately, he dies 10 days later from swelling and cardiac arrest. And the medical examiner determined that the cause of death was accidental. And there's If, you go online, there's actually this like, drawing of what, how he must have fallen.


And it's like, it's, you know, like a, a mansion, spiral staircase, fucking lots of, you know, marble and wood. And he went over the side. Yeah. Okay. Accidental. Okay, well here's, so while he's in a coma, Rebecca goes to pick up Shaq. Now's brother Adam at the airport who's there to like, you know, sit by his nephew's bedside. He flies in from Memphis. And Adam, who's the CEO's brother is staying in the house in the, in the back house while he's there. And that night there, there was reports of really loud music coming from the house that night. And while Jonah, the father is supposedly keeping a visual at Max's bedside with Max's mom, Dina Romano and her sister, Nina, Dina and Nina.


Adam is staying at the house and Rebecca is as well. Okay. Cut to the next morning tension. Yeah. So the next morning at like 6:00 AM 6:45 AM Adam finds Rebecca's body. She's nude hanging by her neck from an outdoor back balcony. She, her wrists and ankles are bound. And she has a, she's gagged with a blue long sleeve T-shirt wrapped around her head with the sleeves double knotted and stuffed into her mouth. There's like a residue on her, on her legs that looks to be like tape residue. And she's bound, she's hanging by her neck.


And her, let's see, on the bedroom door where she had jumped out of supposedly, because here's the thing, the coroner ruled us a fucking suicide. What? Yeah, that's, this is the, this is the thing. Like this is the murder. I really think that Max, it was accidental. And then this was vengeance. This might have been vengeance. Fuck a suicide. And on the, on the, the bedroom door, someone had written in black paint, she saved him. You can save her or can you save her? She saved him. Can you save her? No. What does that mean? Nobody knows There were four instances of head trauma, but ultimately she died from hanging.


So he deemed it a suicide. And the, in addressing the blood on her legs, 'cause there was also blood on her legs. The forensic pathologist identified the cause as either menstrual period or a intrauterine device, which is like the most insulting. But that's also, yeah. I mean, what are the odds? Yeah. Right, right. Although, you know, if it's a really bad period, you might just wanna kill yourself. Sorry. Terrible. Yeah. Or if you're raped, I'm like baffled. Right. Yeah. It's, this is a baffling case. Okay. Which is why I love it so much. Okay. And I remember, I remember the kid, I remember the news reporter, the kid falling, and then two days later, this girl, this woman, so Dr.


Maurice Godwin, a private forensic consultant and told a reporter that Z zha death had all the earmarks of our quote, ritualistic killing and that the suicide had been staged. Duh. She's fucking bound and gagged. And Dr. Godwin's opinion, someone had dazed Zaha with a blow to the head and then tossed her off the balcony. So, and of course, remember I said that they had heard loud, the neighbors had heard loud music coming from the house that night. Yeah. So maybe covering up Screams. Screams. Which they also, the neighbor also heard. Oh, really? Yeah. So that night, the night that she died at 10:48 PM the how received a text message from Nina Romano, the sister of the mother of Max.


And Nina stated that she wanted to stop by the house and speak with Zaha about Max's accident. And Zaha didn't reply to that message, but police said that, that she checked her voicemail a few hours later and listened to a message, deleted it, or it got deleted somehow. And, we have no idea what was on that message. So according of All the things they can do, why can't they find deleted messages? It seems like a simple, you, you can find a deleted email. Right. This is this, this is like the making of a murderer thing. Yeah. That drives me crazy. Yeah. Okay. Which part? Like why didn't they find out what was on th and those kids deleted the, the brother. Yes. And the ex-boyfriend deleted, they Broke into her voicemail and then deleted stuff and they're like, oh, well I guess it's gone forever.


Where it's like, how is that Possible? It's impossible. Especially if if someone is missing, you're not gonna, everything could be a clue. Why would you know, to find this? You're missing loved one unless you know what's going on. Right. And you deleted it on purpose. Right? Yeah, totally. But everyone's not a true crime fanatic like we are those too. So according to a, you know, forensic analysis, the expert, he determined, or a forensic expert, the note what was written on the door was written by a right-handed male. And based on how high the door was, the person was probably six feet tall. Rebecca was only 5, 3, 5 foot three. And Adam, the brother, it's not, was the only man in the mansion at the time of Rebecca's death.


And how is the whole, is he Probably six feet tall? Oh shit. You know, so according to the Generation Y podcast, which They did this on the subject, he had also spent the night, you know, in that back house specifically looking at Asian bondage porn on his phone, which he had admitted to. Oh no. Yeah. And she was Burmese. Yeah. Beautiful. By the way, she's, I'm sure. I mean, it goes without saying, but gorgeous woman. So here's some stuff from Reddit. So the Zha family is suing over a wrongful death because It's, that's the official report. Like she committed the end. They've, They've tried to reopen it and have them put a different, both, both deaths have they have tried to get a different cause of death.


Like Ruling. Yeah. Yeah. And neither of them have done have, it's happened. Okay. So they're suing over wrongful death. And so here's some of the stuff from the lawsuit. The clothes she'd been wearing before being stripped and killed were never found. Oh. Which is like, if you're gonna kill yourself and why would you strip naked to kill yourself? That's For real. And then hang yourself in view of your neighbors, which there's photos, you can see photos of her body on the front lawn after this guy Adam supposedly cut her down before he called 9 1 1. Oh no. Which, why would you fucking do that? Also, Why would you bind your own legs and arms before you hang yourself? Yeah. Well they, they said that it's, it's been done before. It's not out of the question.


They had a, they had a reenactment to see if that's something they could do. And technically, yeah, you can do it, it can be Done. They Had a woman bind herself, do All of these things and hang herself. But why the, you know, it doesn't make any fucking sense. Unless, Unless she was like into that specific kind of bondage and this was some kind of like, yeah, here's my thing and now I'm on my way Out. Well maybe it was, I mean maybe it's like, here's my thing and it was accidental. Maybe she was trying to set up her ex her her boyfriend or the brother. But why would she kill herself? Because ultimately she's in question for this child's death. Right. So Why would she be suddenly trying to set other people up for murder?


Totally. Doesn't she have hideous guilt? A 6-year-old died. Yeah. And she was or was in a coma. She Was supposed to be watching him for sure. So she probably does feel a lot of guilt over it. And it sounds like the mom and the sister were kind of crazy and like hounding her about it. Yeah. I'm sure no one believed it was an accident. But then so then you stripped down, bind Yourself And. yes. So then you take a handful of pills and you're dead. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And also, I feel like she was also a Christian, which doesn't mean that she wouldn't kill herself, but it also, there's some sort of shame there that you wouldn't be naked in front of everyone. I feel like there's kind of a, a bit of a, what's the word? Well, You know, not being a naked person.


You mean like body shame or like No, just being demure. A little more demure. Oh Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So Well 'cause then it makes it about a whole different thing. It's, It's perverted All of a sudden. Yeah. If, you're killing yourself 'cause you're so Sorry. Yeah. Then you wouldn't be naked and bound. Right. In a sexual manner It seems like. And there's, so there's four, there's four blunt force wounds to her head, which they argued on her way down, she hit her head on the the wall, which is like, I post-mortem post. No. Like right as she's dying. Oh, as she's hanging herself. Oh. Her body flings into the wall four times and hard enough to give her blunt force trauma. That's not gonna happen.


So the ties that bound her were nautical ties. And Adam, the brother in the lawsuit, it says he is referred to as being a sailor. Oh. This is all from Reddit. So I didn't read this from, directly from the case. And the ties binding her are the same paint from the message on the door as did her nipples. Oh, the black paint. Okay. So the other thing is when she, if she had to jump out of the window with her full force, the bed that she had tied the rope to should have moved. Yeah. And it didn't move enough, which means either someone was sitting on the bed holding it in place, someone moved the bed back to where it should have been for some reason, if she had actually jumped, it would've been heavier.


She had mud on her feet, but there were no footprints on the balcony. Mm. Why did she have mud on her feet? That means she was outside and the back house Running barefoot. Right. But no fucking, so someone clearly picked her up and threw over the side of the balcony if there was no footprints on the balcony. And then there was a computer in her room that was used af after 3:00 AM which was later than the time she would've already been dead. And no determination was ever made as to who accessed it. So a lot of people are saying that this is like, you know, a wealthy man, they wanna bury this. They don't wanna bring this to trial. The cops are corrupt. It's a really wealthy neighborhood in San Diego.


They determine that her death is a suicide. And they're like, and this is now, this is done. And yeah, anyone else Asks any questions. And not only that, but they keep going. Like when there's questions about how on earth could this have happened? Why would this have happened? Instead of saying like, well we need to look into that more because that doesn't make any sense as suicide. They like give insane excuses as to like, you know, well people have have killed themselves that way in the past. Or see like, this woman was able to do it in a recreation. So it must be how it happened. And you know, no DNA means. And if she was hit over the head, she maybe was stunted and there's no DNA because there was no fighting between them. She never, they, there's no defensive wounds because she was immediately rendered unconscious.


Yeah. You know, and then Tied up and then tie the fuck up. Also, how do you bind yourself? So say let's go with that. Yeah. And she bound herself crazily. Yeah. Before she Threw herself over. So then your legs and arms are bound and then you still have to jump and get over the belt. Yeah. Or the, whatever that thing is that she went over and, but then paints a thing if the paint is on her. Yeah. When she's bound and on the ropes and on her nipples, then she must have done that after she painted the message. Right. Bound, painted a message at five three. That's up really high. That's not really a suicide note. No. That No one really can understand what it means.


So they're saying that people have have bound themselves like that in the past when they commit suicide. But Oh, God, I can't remember what I was gonna say. First of all, how many Yeah. Like One, right. That's crazy, right? Yeah. One person who was probably very interested in that kind of bondage. Yeah. Or it was like a sexual thing gone wrong. Yeah. Or gave them, yeah. Yeah. Pleasure, relief. Something they were connected in some way. Isn't that Insane? And that's just, that's it. Yeah. And that was two days after the kid went over the railing. Well also the kid going over the railing, like in just picturing it in my mind, knowing nothing about the actual setup when you're six, how tall are you?


Yeah. Four feet tall at the most. And if, I mean, So you're not buying it, they say like, well he must have tripped. That's, that is shady too. And they're saying that later, one of the coroners said that he, it looked like he had been, not choked, but that someone had maybe like, tried to stifle his, his mouth so he wasn't yelling or something like that. So there, there could be total foul play going on there too. Yeah. That would, that makes the most sense to me is like some kind of killing of that child, whether it was accidental or not or whatever. And then they come back like 10 times harder of like, you did this. Yeah. So even if that wasn't true, that he, it was accidental, they still would come back that way and they would believe it.


Because this is the new young pretty girlfriend that this kid is living with dies under her fucking supervision. Supervision. And so of course they're pissed and gonna come after her. Yes. She's the ultimate villain. Yeah. Also, she had to go get like in that before she was murdered, after the kid's in the hospital, the brother comes into town and she's the one that's gotta go pick him up. She goes and Gets him and then they go have dinner. Which I, I wanna be like, well who the fuck is having dinner when this kid's in the hospital? But then, I mean, it's true. Who the fuck is having dinner? I wanna know where they had dinner, but I've been at a bedside of someone dying and you like, you have to eat.


So you all go sit at this place and have a quiet, uncomfortable, sad dinner. Yeah. Like that's, that happens. It's not, it does happen. It's not like they went to fucking Chili's, like who knows? But If you. I just think if I was, if there I was babysitting a kid, a 6-year-old who then basically died under my care. I'm not driving to the airport. Most people won't drive to the airport anyway. Yeah. Like I'm not driving to the airport. I'm not going out to dinner. No. Like, I would probably on be on so many pills. I would be in bed permanently. Yeah, me Too. I mean, how you're not wanted at the hospital because the mother is there and she fucking hates your guts And the family hates your guts probably. Anyway. Take A fucking cab from the airport.


Take A cab or some other relative Oh, you know what? I remember, I'm sorry. She, her sister was in town at that moment. And so she had to take her sister to the airport, which still take a cab to the fucking airport. Why is she running errands for people? She must be in like, okay, say she's a sociopath and she killed a child. Yeah. That's the only thing that makes sense to me to be like, sure, I'll be there at eight to pick you up. Or she's in shock and she's doing everything she can to be helpful because she just is like, let me do what I can. Yeah. I guess so. Maybe not. Fuck I know. Yeah. So it's just baffling and it's really frustrating that nobody seems to wanna test for anything. Well, and if it's like pharmaceutical money, that's like the most money, right.


That's All CEO of a pharmaceutical company. That's All of the money in the world. That's all the money. And then he's like basically going around, it's a Coronado. Yeah. Crazy rich part of Yeah. San Diego. Is that right? Yeah. So then it's just like, because people already know those people, She probably gives to the community Yeah. To begin with. So they're just like, I've had a tragedy now she killed herself. Can we let just lay all this to rest? Yeah. Is probably the storyline, right? Yeah. Yeah. Like, no one's gonna come back. This is the tragedy all around. Let's just let it rest. And her poor, like, is she like a first generation Burmese? Yeah. So Her poor parents are just like, can we get a little something?


Yeah. And everyone's like, Nope. And everyone's saying, you know, the family's saying that's not her, not her handwriting. She was not suicidal. Her sister spoke to her that evening. Not suicidal at all. Everyone's saying she wasn't suicidal. Oh, that is sinister. Yeah. And even her ex-husband, who you would think would hate her, because she actually cheated on him with her new boyfriend is like trying to figure out what's happened to her. He's not even like vengeful in any way. I know. It's, I wanna know more about that brother. Like what's his deal? Yeah. No, there's no information about what he does for a living. Who, who he is. He's from, I believe Memphis. Yeah. He's from Memphis. And it's kind of like, I think we all know people who have like the type of person who has a insanely rich older brother.


Yeah. Oh yeah. That's basically like, well now I get to do what I want. Yeah, Totally. Maybe for her All of my life, He, he cut her down at 6:48 AM and sent and then sent a text message to his brother to inform him of the news. I would love to read that text message. Yeah. Hey dude, your, your girlfriend's dead. What If you text Someone to say your wife is dead or Girlfriend. Yeah. You call, you call, You call at minimum. If not drive down to the hospital. What the, what Yeah. Is happening. This brother's sinister. I'm curious about the dad, the boyfriend, if he had anything to do with it. Apparently he was sleeping at the Ronald McDonald house that night because he was, you know, by his kids' bedside the whole time. Needed to sleep a little bit, which is what the Ronald McDonald house is for.


Oh. And so he wasn't even near the house. And then the ex-wife was also at the hospital. Her sister was at the house. Her the wife, ex-wife was at the hospital with the sister. Oh. There's, you know, the speculation is that they came over banging on the door. It'll be let in. Rebecca wouldn't let them in. The message that was deleted might have been from Jonah saying let them in. Oh yeah. That was deleted. Right. So if they had that message saying let them in, then they have proof that the, that the women were there, but there's no proof that they were there. I know how fucking crazy is it? Well, There's no proof that they were there, but no one's looked for Proof. Right, right, right.


Yeah. They looked To, to prove a suicide. It sounds to me like there's no proof that the women were involved. It's just, it sounds it Correct. I think that this guy, the brother is clearly, and it is either, was it sexually motivated or had nothing to do with Max. And maybe she rebuffed his advances and he got angry and killed her Man and Made it look like it was revenge. There's A lot of motives there. There's A lot of motives there. And none of them are being Explored. No. And then, you know, it's one of those things where like in your head it's like, oh, she was so pretty and they were rich and blah, blah, blah.


And then you look at the photos and this kid is like a sweet little kid. This photo of this kid Max who died, the kid who died. Yeah. You, it's like the same thing with JonBenet when you're like, she was a beauty. You see all these beauty pageant photos and then you see a photo of her, like a normal person. You're like, oh, I was such a young person. It was a baby. Well, And also, when children die, people very justifiably go insane. Yeah. It makes sense. Like any reaction, the idea that the cops aren't going, look, there's a massive loss here. Yeah. The reaction off of this loss is understandable. Not Yeah. Not justified. Not, you know, good or anything, but going crazy. It's very clear motive. It's very logical motive.


Yeah. Yeah. And, and getting and hearing, which they hadn't even heard yet. It was accidental. They hadn't been told that yet because that wasn't until after he died that that got ruled. Those, those women and everyone else are probably like, this woman is responsible. How the fuck did this happen? You should have been watching him. She said she was in the bathroom when it happened. Ooh. She's like, you should be able to leave a 6-year-old alone. Yeah. Long enough of them not to do certain things. They say like, he tripped over the dog or he had a, he was on his riding a scooter. Weird shit. I know you don't buy that either. And just that I know. I'm picturing it inaccurately. 'cause I know the truth. But I'm like, when you trip and fall, you and you're six, you're tripping What, at the most two inches.


Yeah. You're not, you know, You don't catch fucking Aaron go over the side of a railing. Totally. But If, you are a little, you know, you're playing around that you in a way you shouldn't be. And you're messing around and you're trying to climb over the railing even. Yes. Because you do stupid shit. Did you forget your head caught between the banister, the railing and I did. It was the most terrifying. I still remember it. I mean yeah. But then I go, how long was she in that bathroom that he's doing so much stuff? Like, it could Have been a minute, But, but when you're babysitting, it makes me think of Nora. Of course, my niece, who's now nine, but I babysitter sat her a ton when it was just her and I and If.


you have to get up to go to the bathroom. You go, you put the TV on. Yeah. And you hypnotize them and just go, stay right there. I'll be right back. Don't touch anything. You don't even close the bathroom door all the way. No way. Yeah. When I'm babysitting my nephew, who's a 6-year-old boy, very rambunctious, 6-year-old boy. I'm like, Mike, you good? Yes. You get Out there constantly. Call out to them. Yeah. But she, but technically she wasn't babysitting him. She was living with this person. And I feel like when you're actually someone's guardian, it's not, you're not, you know, you and I are terrified of killing our siblings. Yes. Like child. And don't understand that kids can be left alone a little bit more than we think they can. Oh, That's true. So, but then again, that's not, you know, who, who knows how long she was living with them.


So, but Was it only the two of them in the house And her younger sister who was visiting? Oh, right. Okay. Oh Man. I know That is, Yeah. If. you guys wanna look up, it's the If. you look up the Coronado murder house, this fucking mansion is so ugly. And you can see it's blurred out. And I'm sure you can find one that's not but her body on the lawn naked. That's not, you know, that they took from the fucking helicopters. That's an unfortunate porn search that he did that night. If he's innocent, How is that possible? Yep. That she's found bound and he looked up not even just bondage porn, Asian, Asian bondage porn. That's Not Yeah. That is quite a, that's too many things.


Yeah. To be just a simple coincidence. Totally. Oh man. And then who was on her computer after 3:00 AM Right After she's fucking hanging. God dammit. Can you imagine being a neighbor and waking up and saying that? Oh my god. Fuck. But he's the one that cut her down. He's the one that found her. So he Quote found her. Yeah. In the morning, Six 30 in the morning. And What was time of death? Do you know? No. Like, was it supposed to be the night before? I think it was supposed to be the night before. But is your first instinct to cut someone down if they're clearly dead? It's To run away and call nine one one. It's to call 9 1 1 in a panic. Not run upstairs, get a knife or whatever, and cut a rope down.


So this person who's, you could tell when someone's dead Yes. And not dead. Yes. Then falls to the ground. Especially if she's, if you'd, let's say he has nothing to do with it and she's bound, your first instinct is this is not a suicide, this is a murder. Why would you then cut them down? Right. Why would you We everybody knows that You don't Yeah. Contaminate a crime scene. Even If, you are not like us. We're obsessed with this shit. You know, not to fucking your fingerprint. It's, it's law and order 1 0 1 oh. And then there was also a knife in the room that supposedly he cut her down with no fingerprints on it. Why are there no fucking fingerprints on that? This is all this very specific stuff I have to say is from Reddit, supposedly from the reports.


Reports Yeah. Of the family suing the Shaq now for the murder. Right. The wrongful death. So this could be bullshit. Well, what's interesting is like when I, when I did the looking up all that stuff on the Elisa Lamb thing from Cecil Hotel last week, it's, most of the information people get ends up being from those wrongful death cases. Yeah. 'cause that's when they release the information and you Get it in court records. Right. The files are open. Because When it, when it's a regular police case, you can't get that information. And yet isn't isn't that fucking, this is a thing that's insane to me that has nothing to do with any of this.


The fact that 9 1 1 calls are a public record. Yeah. Are is absolutely bananas to me. So you can't get all this information, but you can hear a nine one one call just whenever you fucking want. Yeah. Those should be so private. I can't even stand it. Those things bum me out so bad. I know. You can't stand them. I Hate them. I don't think anyone, did you, there's one where a woman gets killed, like on the Phone. No. Nope. There's a whole episode of last podcast. Last podcast on the left where they just do 9 1 1 calls. Oh, I skipped that one. I know. I was like, I've listened to every fucking episode I like to look for. Yeah. I wait for new episodes. But that one, yeah, That one. I was like, I, I, I listened with my finger hovering over the stop button.


'cause I was like, I know, I, and I never finished it because Here's the other, a couple times on like 2020 or like Dateline or whatever, the ones that bum me out the most are those fucking doctors that kill their wives. Oh. And kill 9 1 1 pretending to be upset. I found My wive. And it's, And it's fake and it's so obvi. It's like if you've taken one acting class Yeah. You're like, sir, I'm believing nothing of this right now. And they think they're so smart. They think they are fooling everybody. You know what We should do? I just thought of how fucking cool this would be. Make a fake 9 1 1 call. Just do, just do prank calls to 9 1 1 for the entire show and Then get Arrested and then have the knock at the door of us getting arrested. No, I wonder if, okay, this would be ridiculous. But if we played, let's say we played, we had Dustin pick out 10, 9, 1, 1 calls.


Five of them were real. The person actually had, had not killed the person. Right. Five of them were like, later found out that they, that person killed the person. And Then we'd take a test and then we have to guess, why do we have to do 10? That's so many. Let's Say four. Okay. Torture. How about one of them is fake? Let's do three. Okay. I honestly feel like I could do it right now and, and pass the test. I feel like I'm bartering with you. Okay. Three. We'll just do three And you And one will be fake. One will be fake. But then we have to listen to two real nine. One one. Okay. Two will be fake And one will be real. I think it's because, and I don't know if I've ever talked about this on this. My favorite all time show is I survived. Oh, I don't wanna see survivors.


So let's talk about this. That's Okay. The reason I love it is because it's all the, because it's, instead of being the thing I'm interested in serial killing all the crazy shit, which I want distance from and no relation to and No. So you wanna make it just Personal Understanding. Yeah. And I survived. It's people that go through all that shit and are sitting and most of the, it's like literally 90% women, the men are always there. 'cause they're like, I survived a hike that went wrong. Yeah. Where it's like, fuck you, Fuck you. Yeah. It's always the guy that's like, had his own yacht and he is like, I can't believe. And the storm came. Yeah. Like I'm go in a fucking yacht. Then you, and Then there's four women who are like, just this guy came up behind me. Yeah. Humans Are bigger than I, most male humans are bigger than I am.


Yeah. Can hurt me in broad daylight. And So unfortunately I had a job. Right. And then this man decided I would die for that. Yep. But I, that's why I don't like it. 'cause the, do you know the, the show cold ca Oh, what's the one with the two women Who, God, my ma My memory is awful. Is it a real show or like a fictional Yeah, it's a real show Where they're, they're trying to solve cold Cases. Cold cases. Yeah. I it and it's, is it relatively new? Yeah. I've never watched it. Okay. It's called Cold Justice. Cold Justice. And these, these two badass women. One is a pro a prosecutor. Oh, okay. And one is a crime scene investigator. And they go to these like fucking tiny towns that have no money for, you know, for detectives and people to look up what's going on.


Right. And take and try to solve a cold case. That's cool. Oh, it's incredible. And it's like so feminist. I love it because these chicks are badass. So They did, they started one called Cold, cold, cold Justice. And then, but it's like, it's only rapes and sexual assaults. Oh. So these women are survived and it's just so depressing because their interviews like, make me hurt. But you don't have to get an interview from the person who's dead. Right. So I just, yeah. I Don't like it. Yeah. That's very true. Well, yeah, it's the, I think a key to having this interest is distance. Yeah. It's too much to be involved in like the victim's lives. But, and that's normally how I feel. But I survived. It's produced so well. Yeah.


Because you don't wanna watch a person who survived and can't tell their own story. 'cause they're still so fucked up. Yeah. That's The true, That is too much to take on. We all have enough problems. Too Much. It's also nice too, too when you're like, when you know that the case has been solved and they've caught the guy and he's in prison because they're still trying to find, ugh, the, the guy who raped them. That's too much. Yeah. Like the stress in their life. Yeah. On I survived. It's all women who, most of the time at the very end they're like, and then I started the victim's counseling center. Yes. There are all these amazing women that like, take it, turn it around. There's one girl that like was kidnapped when she was 16 by this crazy serial killer, somehow survived whatever. And she's a cop. Fuck. Yeah.


It's the, everything becomes really amazing and inspirational of like how you can, the worst thing in your life can become like your, basically your destiny. Does it make you think too that you're more equipped to survive something that like, that happens to you because you're, you're never gonna be like, well everyone dies from this. You're gonna be like, remember that girl, she fought this guy and she won and, and here's how to Oh yeah. And once, you know, that's a fact. A true Fact. That can happen. Yes. And also, they all talk about you do whatever it takes to survive. Yeah. So If, you have to play dead If. you have to, you know, like they justi not justify, but they're like, explain like the things that a lot of survivors feel guilty about, which is like, you know, then I got raped for the fourth Time or, and Yeah.


I didn't fight or something. Right. It's No where it's like, no, you don't fight because he would've just slashed your throat. Yeah. There's the thing I always like, this is my big thing is like, just even If, you get stabbed. Don't get in the the truck. Don't get in the car. Don't go somewhere with a person. Right. That's like the big thing is like, you're better off getting shot on the street than not getting shot and getting in the car of the person who's trying to like do whatever you fucking can. Even if it's getting stabbed. Right. To not get in the car. Yeah. I Mean, because as soon as you're in their possession, you're fucked. Yes. It's a good thing to know in your head. Right. But in the situation comes up, who the fuck knows. Yeah. I'm not gonna, It's so crazy because also you go into shock. Totally. I mean there's a totally Lot of Those people that tell the story where you're just kind of like, it all is so surreal that you feel like you're dreaming.


This is bringing up shit. And we're probably gonna ta need to talk to therapist about it. Yeah. Should we? And is there something positive we can talk about? Did you ever I Just snorted like snot in my nose like a fucking third grader. No, I love it. You're sick. It's okay. No, they can go on to other podcasts for Shit. That's true. There's like all kinds. Here let me, Elvis. do you want a cookie? Want a cookie? Okay. That's there. That's a positive. That's okay. Elvis cookie. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well thanks for listening you guys. Sorry. This is, but please tell us everything. You can email us at my favorite murder at Gmail.


Please get onto the Facebook page. My favorite murder group. It's private so people won't be able to read your crazy shit that you write. And it's like such a fun fucking group. And Then on Twitter we're my, my favorite murder. Yeah. Please follow us and then go on iTunes and rate review and subscribe. Have you been reading our reviews? I haven't. We should see if we have any. I did once and I told the story of how I Fixated on the two bad ones. Right. And didn't even pay Attention to the hundreds of good Ones. That's, that's how life is. I know. We shouldn't do that. I'm shame us for doing that. Yeah. Thanks for thanks. We Love you. We love you. Stay sexy.


This would be a nice case to have updates on. Do you have updates on this one? Yeah. But nothing satisfying, which is so disappointing. Investigators, as I said in the episode, ruled Rebecca Zahau case death, a suicide. Her family still disagrees and they're still working so hard to get that changed. They brought a civil wrongful death suit against Adam Shana, the brother of Zaha boyfriend in 2018. The jury in this case decided nine to three that Shaq now was responsible for Za how's death and awarded Saha family over 5 million in damages. Which is just such a message, a clear message. I feel like, you know, basically the family had to settle for $600,000 at the end of the day.


And he has maintained his innocence and says he only settled because they were quote, tired of throwing money at his defense. Wow. Yeah. And Zaha family has since petitioned the San Diego County medical examiner's office to change her manner of death from suicide to either homicide or undetermined. And that would help the case be reexamined by authorities and ultimately investigated as a crime. Because I think the suicide ruling means no one's looking into it and won't. Right. It's just so disappointing. Yeah. That's A final ruling. Yeah. So, but as of 2023 reportings, ahas official manner of death has not been changed. This is one of those cases where I don't want people to forget about it because it's not done.


It's not over. And it needs a resolution still that matches like the evidence. You know, If there was ever a case that kind of invited conspiracy theories this one big time. Definitely. 'cause it's Just, it clearly doesn't make sense. And then when you know that people who have money to burn, right. You just go, okay, that changes the rules. Right. That's not the same rules as regular people abide by. And it's just so disappointing too that the victim in this case and her family are being subjected now to somehow it being her fault that this happened. Which is just so far from the truth in my mind. Yeah. Allegedly. I would just love to see this looked into further and have the evidence examined more thoroughly.


Yeah. Because it doesn't seem to line up with the ruling of suicide. Yeah. Correct. Well, here's a bit of a turn. And it's also kind of bittersweet. Oh my God. This is the episode where you ask Elvis if he wants a cookie for the first time. I know, you say Stay sexy for the first time. And I remember being like, we need to end this on something positive. Yeah. Stay sexy was a good one. Yep. And then I said, well, I thought, why don't I do this thing that I've been doing since I've had Elvis his entire life, which is asking him if he wants a cookie to get him to respond. 'cause it's my favorite thing in the world, And. we do it this first time. And I love that. I love that. We still do it even though he's passed on, we still play his meow at the end of every episode.


Of course. He's the third lead. He he was, he was always there. Yeah. He always said his line. He almost every time. Yeah. Or like, you know, after a little while. Yeah. And so this is very sweet because this was the first episode. And to celebrate that And also to celebrate the fact that in the very beginning, in the early days of this podcast, Georgia was like, we have to make shirts. She just, she just yelled that to me one day where I was like, great, I gotta go to my other jobs, but I will see you later. Let me know how it goes. Well, The reason was because we were already getting incredible art from listeners Yeah. For the show. And it's like, this needs to be merch.


So we have this incredible listener. He's so talented, Michael Ramstead. And right from the beginning he was giving us awesome art. Yeah. He's at Michael Ramstead on Instagram. Such a talent. And so we have a really cool little announcement for this rewind episode. This was Erin Brown's idea and she's like, let's re-release merch from the episodes. Like relevant to the episodes or what you guys were talking about at the time, which we love. Yeah. So limited edition of course there. Elvis rewind merch, pre-order. We'll close at midnight on Wednesday, September 3rd. So go to exactly right.com. And it's a pre-order limited edition el shirt by Michael Ramstead.


Yay. Yay. All right. So now is the time where we end the episode with naming it What we would've named it if we hadn't been doing the number puns, if we had been doing what we do now, which is naming it after some saying from the episode. Right. So this is a classic. You God bless you all. Sure. I mean like why, where's that shirt? Why didn't we go into full Christian merch? God bless you all. Oh, the phrase Law and order 1 0 1, which is essentially that everyone, because law and order has been such a big part of our lives for so many years. Yeah. We all know you're not supposed to touch or go into a crime scene in any way. Keep your Fucking paws off of It. Very basic.


Yeah. Don't pretend. Don't go look. Don't go take anybody's pulse. Right. And of course, also, we could name this Elvis. do you want a cookie? Well, thanks for listening to another episode of Rewind. We've gone back, we've done the thing we said we were gonna do. Yeah. You can count on us for, for now and we're, And then potentially a little bit into the future. Yeah. But not much. Thank you for listening to these. The response has been really lovely, And. we really, really appreciate it. It's so nice. Thank You guys. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. do you want a cookie?