
This Is exactly right.


This episode is brought to you by Hulu, the new Hulu original true crime docuseries, vow of Silence. The assassination of anime examines the murder of anime. Aqua a Mi ma, mother and activist who fought for indigenous rights in the 1970s. The gripping investigation into her mysterious death unsolved for 30 years reveals a web of coverups and betrayal, vow of Silence. The assassination of Anime is now streaming on Hulu.


Listen up. I'm Liza Traeger. And I'm Kara Klink. And we're the hosts of the True Crime Comedy podcast that's messed up. An SVU Podcast. Every Tuesday we break down an episode of Law and Order SVU, the True Crime it's based on, and we chat with an actor from the episode. Over the past few years, we've chatted with series icons like BD Wong Kelly Gish, Danny Pinot, and guest stars like Pageant Brewster and Matthew Lillard. And just like an SVU Marathon. You can jump in anywhere. Don't miss new episodes every Tuesday. Follow? That's messed up. An, SVU Podcast, wherever you get your podcasts. Done. Done.


Hello, And Welcome, To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. That's right. This Is our new Wednesday episode where we travel back in time and we trick you into coming with us, not unlike Back to the Future. Hey, back to the future. It's Back to the Future with a lot more murder. Yeah. That's the movie you've always wanted. We give you some case updates on the stories we covered. Maybe a few apologies and that sense of joy that could only be experienced before the pandemic. Oh, All right. P remember everything. Remember Joy? No. So today we're revisiting episode 22, which we named the Girls with the episode, which we named The Girls with the Episode Twenty Two.


We were doing fine. We were Fine. We were great. It came out on Monday, June 27th, 2016. So hop in Marty's now. We can all be day one listeners, Marty. Okay, let's get into it. We're gonna listen to the intro of episode 22. And just a warning, we do talk about eating disorders, our own eating disorders in this conversation. So please take care. Welcome everybody to My favorite murder, the podcast, the Highly Professional True Crime podcast that asks the question, what if two women who were slightly interested in true crime and had a free time on their hands and like to have conversations and make up facts.


Yeah. And not do a lot of research how to podcast. We need to start this over. No, I love it. I love it. Now you do one. Hey everyone, this is My favorite murder, a podcast where we talk about our favorite murders, which is kind of insulting to people who have been murdered, but we don't mean it that way. We're trying to be fucking cool and interested and like we have so much like empathy. Right. That's our, that whole thing was our tagline. Okay. Are we, are we blowing this? Should we do another one? Are we just gonna keep doing it? Like Welcome To? What the fuck? Starring Mark Marin.


Oh my God. Our listenership just went up so high. Oh my God. We'll steal listeners from Marin. Yep. We'll convert them to our way of thinking about murder. Yep. Which is with very little fact. Right. How are you? Which is just kind of conversational. I'm good. It's nice to see you. I saw you Georgia last night briefly at a comedy show where there was no air conditioning and we both looked like we had, we were crossing paths in a sauna. Yeah. Essentially is what it looked like. Well, if the podcast, I'm not sure. I'm not for sure, but if this is coming out a day late, just because we normally record on Monday, but my apartment was so fucking disgustingly hot.


And I, and I don't, and I have TV money, I have base, I have, I have cooking channel money. Yeah, You have TV money, which is the, which isn't what TV money used to be. It's now radio money. Right. So I live in a one bedroom apartment with no fucking air conditioning. That's what I'm trying to, and Like, and on Monday and Sunday it was like 106. Yeah. It was over a hundred degrees in Los Angeles. And So my, my living room was like a, like a, it was like a jacuzzi. It felt like a jacuzzi. Yeah. So we're doing it instead on Wednesday. And we're sorry, but Yeah, it's this, it, it's a weather delay. It's a legit weather delay. Yeah. And a lot of Los Angeles is being affected this way because this stupid comedy show.


I don't know if their air conditioning broke or if they had some kind of blackout or brown out or something, but they couldn't. So it was like a full on comedy show with a full audience. They had to open the side door when I was on stage, Says nothing Cop cars went by and ruined my Bjork bit. Your Bjork Bit was so Good. It was, people did not laugh at all. And I wonder if it just because it was like two cop cars or an ambulance, whatever it did. You hear Me loudly cackling in the back. Was that You? Yeah. I'm supportive with, I, I learned a long time ago from someone who used to, like I know in comedy, should I say who it is? Sure. Ed Salazar. Oh yeah. Who's like a sweet baby angel. When he, I hated being near him when he would was at a comedy show because he would laugh super loud and clap when he laughed, which like, laugh clapping is my least favorite thing in the world.


And he had this like, ha ha ha like loud laugh. Yep. One day I was like, what the fuck? And he was like, I'm being supportive of my friends. Yes. I want them to know when they're on stage that I am laughing out loud. Yeah. And making people around me laugh too. And I was like, yes. Oh, that's why I do it too. Yeah. You like get trained as a standup that you have to let your friends, you know, the feeling that they're having on stage, which is usually the world hates my guts. And you're kind of trying to earn back Yeah. From that below zero feeling. Yeah. And so when you're, when you are genuinely make your comedian friends laugh in the audience. They know, they have to let you know. Yeah. Because that's basically saying, don't stop doing that Bit. Right. There's no like, there's no under your breath gfa. It's like, no, no.


It's like, haha, I wish I fucking love and I do now. And I'm like, I'll do it so loud and I don't care. Now I'm thinking there were a couple moments where I was laughing at a certain laugh and I'm pretty sure it was you. I echo. Yeah. Is that it? Yeah. 'cause it almost sounded sarcastic, but I was like, don't, don't go into how you think a person is sarcastically laughing at you. Oh, I, when that's probably not happening. I need a change. I'll go. Ha. Well now that I know that he, it's gonna make me laugh instead of being defensive because someone didn't make a weird, I did the first joke I did in the, as the laughter was ebbing. 'cause the first joke went fine, then someone, and it sounded like a drunk dude went.


Yeah. And it was the kind of thing that makes me wanna jump off the stage and strangle someone. Hold on though. Was that in the back? I dunno. Because There was a joke you did about the Yucca corridor Yes. Where you used to live in Hollywood. Right. And you went, you went I lived in the Yucca corridor and there was a guy in front of me who like went Yeah. Genuinely was like used to live there. And I'm from LA almost. And I didn't know what that was. So I think that maybe that's who it was. No, no. I know what you're talking about. And that was like he was trying to support because, but that was the setup of a joke. It wasn't the punchline. Right. Okay. This was after the punchline and it was basically someone making a sarcastic comment. Like, I kind of don't agree with you, is what it sounded like.


Can I tell you one of my, like this moment I go back to, you know, the shammies, like the next day after you were drinking, you're like, this, I did this thing and I'm so ashamed of it. Oh yeah. I have one from like 2007 that I still like think about, about, I was at a comedy show and I went Nope. At something. And I wanna, and it was a friend who was on stage, but it was still like, and I remember a couple comedians that I'm friends with turned around to see who said that. And I, I still think of it and get this like coochie twinge of like, of shame. You know, that like, ooh, can't believe I did that. Oh my god. That sounds, that is ex That in a nutshell is what I was like when I was drinking.


Although I was drunk, I would never have a twinge about it. I would be like, and that's the least I'm gonna say. Right. You're lucky I'm not. Yeah. That's why I kind of try not to get too drunk at comedy shows. 'cause like I don't wanna like fucking say anything. No, I know. It's, it's, it's, for me it was a, a lot of bad behavior would take place. 'cause like at LA at the old Largo, we would stand in the back and then the comedian would be on stage. There would be these people that paid money and waited in line eating dinner, eating dinner to watch the show. And then the comics would stand in the back and talk to each other while Other people stood next to each other back there. I'm sure we did. Right. 'cause my friend and I were like, we don't have dinner. We were like the cool ones who go in the back and stand. Like we Would, you would stand by the sound booth.


Yeah. So here's what I used to do, and maybe you remember this 'cause I, this was, I stopped drinking right when that, that show started. Yeah. We would all be talking and I would of course be laughing at like, not at the comic, but at things my friends were saying. Oh my God. And if anybody would turn around who was standing Yeah. In the audience area, He'd be like, shut the fuck up. I'd literally go turn around like a high school bully. Oh, that's interesting. It was one of my favorite things to do. Imagine how broken I am inside. You Would've hated me. You would've been so mean to me if we had met back then. Are you the kind of person that would turn around and try to give me a dirty look? No. I think if one of my friends are on stage and someone's talking a lot, I'll do it. Yeah. And be like, you know, shut the fuck up.


But I probably would've enjoyed that. Yeah. I think it's the passive aggression. I it was just obnoxious. I don't think you would've liked me. 'cause I was like a hipster, like an anorexic hipster. Mm. I like rode my des but to, I'm not kidding. I rode my Vespa to Largo to watch like alternative comedians. Yeah. I probably wouldn't have liked him. I was like 21. Well, I wouldn't have liked you on the surface. Right. But Also I, but I Wasn't confident enough to like, be cool Right around you the way I was when we met, when I was in not anorexic anymore. And in my thirties. Well you had your, you had your own, you know, identity going. Yeah.


But I, I have a, in my opinion, anorexia and my eating disorder are very similar where it's just a, it's the equal opposite where it's just, it's a, a weird body. Like binge binging. Is that what you think you have? Yeah. Is that what you, is that what you think you have? There's so many. Is that what you think You have? See we have so much in common. This is such a country. Is that what you're claiming? Oh my god. It's A total cat party. It's, Oh God, this is a mess right now. I got a kitten. I'm fostering a kitten and my cats are fucking rebelling. And I'm sorry. And No, it's fine. Alright, so we have some housekeeping. Oh Yeah. You wanna go first? You want me?


Oh, well I just needed to say that in my classic style, when I did the story about the evil nurse from the 18 hundreds that like to kill people last week, did You have correction? Yeah. Okay. Because she used to do a co a combo of mor morphine and atropine. Did you see this? No. I always forget a, that I'm talking to other people besides you and B, that a lot of those people are medical, right. From the medical profession. Right. They have studied and gone to school. That's no problem. I'm just, as I was reading my very light research, I just assumed that atropine would be the opposite of morphine.


Okay. But actually, because of all the genius people that we have on our Facebook page, I learned from a person who I believe is either an RN or a, a medical registered person. I can't remember. They had, it was like three people who were like doctor week, doctor, a nurse, and someone else week. Yeah. I'll correct my correction. But they basically said atropine is the drug that stopped the, what's it called? The death rattle. Which is this, the final sounds that you make that go on and on. That terrible breathing at the end of life. Oh, heard it. I assumed atropine was some kind of an upper, I thought she was giving them uppers and downers.


Like fucking With their uppity and downs. Yeah. Like killing 'em and bringing 'em back. Oof. But, but that was just me assuming. I don't know Why I assume. Wait, so they're also downers. They're also downers. It's, it's just different ways of shutting people's systems down. I literally wouldn't care if you ever corrected that. And I think I know, but I have, I'm correcting it because I have a bad habit of making assumptions. Okay. That are like, I make assumptions about medical knowledge. Right. And stuff like that. So, okay. So you think if you had said, I don't know what they are, you wouldn't have cared. Or is it because you, because you explain a Thing? It's because I, I'm saying it as if I know it for a fact and it's because my mom was a nurse, so I'd hear her. That's true. Yeah.


Use terminology. So I was like, I know what atropine is. Well of course. I fucking dunno what atropine Is. Right. No, that's fair, man. I say Yiddish words that don't mean the right thing all the fucking time because I heard my grandma say it. Well, you can apologize for that on your Yiddish podcast, but I have nothing to do with It's actually Yiddish True Crime podcast. Okay, we're back. Is this the first corrections corner? No, No. I think the episode two we had a corrections Corner. Yeah, yeah, that's right. It's not episode one. And it's such a hilarious, I think this is when I first started realizing this is my Gen X personality that younger people don't understand. We didn't have the internet growing up, so you could say anything you wanted all the time.


Right. And you never got checked unless someone was like a pharmacist that you were talking to. So I have a, that kind of thing of, I really used to love to talk about stuff. Like I knew it because it felt like I knew it. You Mean, and like drugs and stuff? Well, yeah. Like this thing where I said morphine was a downer and atropine was an upper and I was just kind of guessing that. Yeah. It Made sense in the, in the context of the story. Well, but, but you know what? That doesn't matter for shit. Well, you know what the internet said. No, thank you. But you know, this is just, this is us being us, I think. Yeah. And you introducing us as WTF with Mark Marin, us being us Also, you say here that anything pre 1800 is boring as fuck.


And then what's hilarious is we go on to cover old Stories. I know. And I will say, I don't believe that anymore. I you've really changed me when it comes to stories and actually this story that you do. I I I remember just being kind of horrified by it. Yeah. In a way that's like, whoa. The past is more interesting than I realized. Even though it's like, might not even be a true story, the one you cover. Right. It's a little legendary. But it is that kind of thing where it's like there is, you know, history class could have been much more exciting. Yeah. If people told st these kinds of stories. Like found them and then talked about is this an urban legend? Well, maybe. And here's why this urban legend would have been floated.


Right. And here's why it actually, like, there's real, there's bits of real information from it. Yeah. 'cause it's not that, it's not that out of the realm of possibility that something similar like this would've happened. Right. I I think Well, it's, well, you'll Yeah. Listen to it. You know what, How about we listen to Karen's story from episode 22, the legend of Sony Bean.


Between last minute gifts and surprise holiday expenses. There's no room in your budget for forgotten subscriptions. That's right. Most Americans think they spend about $62 a month on subscriptions. And the real number is closer to $300. Makes me so mad. I know. And Rocket Money is here to help. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. You can see all your subscriptions in one place and know exactly where your money's going. And for the ones you don't want, rocket Money can help you cancel 'em with just a few taps. Their dashboard gives you a clear view of your expenses across all of your accounts. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you sometimes by up to 20%. Let them deal with the customer service dude. So Smart Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving numbers up to $740 a year when using all of the app's premium features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/murder. That's Rocket money.com/murder. Rocket money.com/murder. Goodbye.


The holidays can be overwhelming for everyone. Shoppers want convenience and retailers need to stay organized. That's where Shopify point of sale comes in. You can turn your holiday rush into Shopify's point of sale system is a unified command center for your retail business. It Seamlessly integrates in store and online operations even across more than a thousand locations. Imagine being able to guarantee that shopping is always convenient with features like endless aisle shipped to customer buy online and pick up in store. Shopify POS makes it simple for customers to shop how and where they want. Plus, Your staff will have the tools they need to close the sale every time. And let's face it, acquiring new customers is expensive. With Shopify POS you can keep existing shoppers coming back with consistent tailored experiences and first party data that will give your marketing team a competitive edge. Want more? Check out at shopify.com/murder, all lowercase, and learn how to create the best retail experiences without complexity. That's Shopify dot com's slash murder. Goodbye.


Yeah. So last week we had a cha a challenge. We're gonna have a topic and and it's 15 hundreds. 15 hundreds murders. Oh, the, that the reason I called you a tutor is because when you asked that one of the first things that people posted was the one I wanted to do. Right. I went on, okay, here's my problem. I think 1500. I think anything pre 1800 is boring as fuck. I just, I really don't care. I Well, well now we know that. We didn't know that before. Yeah. I didn't even know that where I was like, I don't fucking, who cares? You fucking like you and your corsets and your God. There was so much Latin.


There's a lot of Latin and there was a lot of calling people a witch and then just slowly murdering them. Like if they owed you money or you wanted their seat. Totally. There's then there's just so much, like, so much that is lore at that point. Yes. That isn't in like, to me it's like this thing happened in the 1920s. Like that was so recent. Yeah. And so interesting. And, and also like, he's gonna step all over your computer and ruin your files. It's cats. This is hot cat action. This is what it's like. I'm used To it. I'm just, I really like that I be able to put myself in someone's shoes and if the shoes are like, made of fucking fox skin and they're like, and they haven't invented laces yet and they like, you know, I just don't care.


What About old clogs? Absolutely not. Like Truly wooden. No. Legitimately wouldn't. That Sounds so uncomfortable. Yeah. What if they had nice high arches, like arch support? They don't. So If they do a peasant was Murder. I'm saying dream Clogs. Okay. No, I would never wear clogs. I love clogs. I am sorry. I think it's interesting, but when I went to read about it, there was just a lot of like extra ease at the, on the end of words and stuff where I was like, there's no way I'm reading that. Yeah. 'cause it looks like something and like an old monk wrote in calligraphy. Yeah, That's exactly. And I love a murder where I can be like, oh, that, like, someone will write it and be like, that was my grandfather.


Yeah. And my or my grandfather's from the town that that happened. And I think it's, and he always said this and I mean, that can't happen. And so I wrote on the Facebook page, can someone fucking tell me their favorite 1500 murder? 'cause I really don't know what mine is. Like I just don't have one. And then there was a great one. Yeah. Yeah. And I ended up using the one I kind of originally had thought of this chick that everyone wanted to do, but like had, has been overdone. But the chick who bathed in blood that Ery. Yes. What a fucking cunt. I mean, but, or or was she being persecuted by Right. The whatever Church Kat is probably Catholic who just spread these rumors about her to like get her under there.


Except for there were witnesses. But see that's the thing is like, I was reading that and I'm like, oh no, it is real. They're witnesses. But this was back in the, in those times it was like those, the witch hunt shit went from like the 14 hundreds to the 17 hundreds or something. Yeah. Plus at that time, the people who wrote the history, who wrote the books of what happened could be shady as fuck too. Yeah. It's not like it's journalism the way it is today. Which is sounds pretty fucking shady. It's like, you know. So Wait, did you do her? No. Oh, okay. 'cause I think who just did? Was it someone just did a whole, a whole episode on her. Oh, okay. So I wasn't interested.


Oh, Okay. So fuck them. Fuck Them. You. We've been there. The, the week that I did the nurse some other crime podcast did the nurse too. I was really sad. Sorry. I did not know. I'm fucking sorry. Look. I'm sorry. Yeah. Someone did mine. Yeah. I mean, they're just gonna overlap. Yeah. The end. Yeah. What you gonna do? Yeah. So I think it's me or you. It's either me or you or Elvis. I think it might be me. Okay. Pretty sure. I Don't care. I mean, Who cares? Right? What's the diff, I mean, who gives up, what the fuck? I did the Sony Bean clan.


Do you know those people? Which one were No, I mean, which one were they? Tell me in a story. Why don't I tell you story style? Do it. Okay. Lay your head back. Okay. On a cat. Close your Eyes on a cat. The Sony Bean clan is an infamous Scottish family from either the 14 hundreds or the 17 hundreds. Let's say the 14. They, Why don't we know? Because it's this kind of, it's almost like a Scottish urban legend that they have attributed to several different eras. Mm. And it's because they think this one is definitely a propaganda that the English government used to make Scottish people look like Barbarian Yes.


And deviance. But let's talk about it as if it's real first. Right. And then we'll talk about that part Later. I love it. So if he was real. Okay. This story and, and the details from it are the source of horror films like Texas Chainsaw Massacre, ravenous the Hills. Have I So it's really Yeah. Because it's a family of cannibals. Sure. And it's a family of cannibals who live in a hidden cave who were a huge incestuous, incestuous clan that only came out at night and they were highway robbers.


So people would travel along these roads along the Scottish countryside that was kind of like along the coast. And they would be trying to go between one city and the other. And the Sony bean clan would come out from their cave that was hidden at high tide. So no one knew where they were. And they would go out in the night, hide a, a highway traveler would go by on their horse. And this clan of, of inbred cannibals would jump out, pull them off their horse, murder them. Oh my God. Steal their shit. Kill their horse, drag it all back to the cave.


Which apparently went a mile underground. Sounds Like pretty sweet digs. Yes. And they would eat the meat of the people. And then they had big piles of possessions. So it was almost like a treasure cave, but also filled with horrors and blood Yeah. And whatnot. So, so the head of it was Alexander Bean who was born in the 15 hundreds in East Loath and Scotland, which is a few miles out inside of, outside of Edinburgh on the east coast of Scotland. And they don't know that much about the details of his life. They do know, they kept saying that he was like, he was the son of like a, a ditch digger and a hedge trimmer or something like that.


So basically like his father was a hardworking, you know, working class man. Yeah. And they kept saying that he was lazy. Alexander Bean was lazy. He didn't wanna do hard work. And So, he basically left his family where his only option was to do what his father did. He met h with a woman who also didn't wanna do hard work. And her name was Black Agnes Douglas, which is probably my favorite name to date. Yeah. In the research of this podcast. So black Agnes Douglas and Alexander Bean, Sonny Bean settled into Ball Andre together, which is city somewhere in Scotland.


And then black Agnes, they were both run outta town because they suspected black Agnes was a witch. Of course there's no such fucking Thing. Witches dude. Well, there, but there are such thing as women who are smarter than other people in their village. Right. And so they have to live outside of society, but believe in a different Religion. Religion than every, all the majority of people who Yeah. Yeah. Like a Jew. Yeah. A a smart Jewish lady that wants to live on the edge of town. 'cause you can't amt deal with bullshit. Here I am in fucking little Armenia. Hi, I'm gonna, Dr I'm gonna drive you out of little Armenia. Would You please? 'cause I need to get outta this fucking apartment anyways. Yes. Black Georgia, get out of here.


So they end up in this cave in Benet head, which is between Ger Geron and entre on the west coast of Scotland. Oh, okay. So entre is on the west coast. So, so basically you can't see the, the cave at high tide. That tide goes out and suddenly there's a cave opening. You walk in 200, 200 yards deep and then apparently it goes down. So it's a mile underground. That is so cool. And so they, black Agnes, Sony bean move into this cave. They have 14 kids. Holy shit. Then they end up having nearly 50 grandchildren.


Incestuously. Oh no. So they're this big crazy clan. And I already told you that they had, they'd come out at night. So they were hidden. They would attack people, rob them, murder them, take all their shit back to the caves. So they never left a trace. They never left a survivor. And they ate them. So there was, it was as if these people were just disappearing. I mean, that's fucking off the grid. Right, right. So some say that a there a thousand deaths were attributed to the Sony bean clan and 'cause their reign of terror lasted for 25 years. Holy shit. So it all ended one fateful night when the beans ambushed.


The beans ambushed. A married couple who were coming back from a fair, they were riding on a horse together. And the bean clan attacked them and pulled the woman down off the horse, immediately murdered her, ripped open her stomach, pulled out her end trails, began eating her on the spot blood everywhere. The husband, who was a great fighter, according to these reports, had a, had a sword and a pistol. And he was fighting off the rest of the clan when a big group of fairgoers kind of come around the corner on the road. And so the Sony bean clan runs away. Okay. So they take the dead wife's body.


This husband takes her body to the king and says, this crazy clan of lunatics attacked me and my wife murdered my wife. Here's her body. Holy, you gotta, you gotta help me. So the king and his, sorry, hold on. No, You're good. Can I say Sony beans? Sounds like one of those, like all you create soup and salad restaurants. It, you're exactly right. Sony, interestingly enough, was a derogatory nickname for a Scottish person. Oh. In England. So it'd be like how they called Irish people Patty.


It was the same thing. Hmm. So that's another reason what like all the historians and scholars say, yeah, this is an urban legend because everything about this is, oh, the disgusting old Sony bean Scotsman. You know how they are, how they live in caves, eat human flesh and fuck their own children. Yeah. It's that it has that tone to it, but we're still pretending that it's real. Okay. So they, they go to King James the sixth of Scotland and tell him all about what happened. So, he gets a manhunt going with 400 men and bloodhounds. And they look all around the countryside and they can't find anything until the tide goes back out and the bloodhounds go crazy and find the opening of the cave.


That is So Cool. And then they go into it. And this was the captain Charles Johnson writing his 1742 describes what they found in the cave, legs, arms, thighs, hands and feet of men, women, and children were hung up in rows like dried beef and a great many limbs lay in pickle and a great mass of money, both gold and silver with watches, rings and swords, pistols and a large quantity of clothes, both linen and woolen. And an infinite number of other, infinite number of other things which they had taken from those they had murdered it's murder with an apostrophe d, old fashioned murdered were thrown together in heaps or hung up against the sides of the den.


Wow. And I've seen like a illustrations. So it's basically like candlelight and then just body parts hanging from, oh my god, this from a cave. So they were said to have been all captured alive and taken in chains to the toll booth jail in Edinburgh. Then either transferred to Leh or Glasgow where they were promptly executed without a trial. The men had their genitalia hands and feet cut off and then they let them bleed to death. Oh God. The women were all burned and children Don't, what would you rather have Burned? No, I think it would be relatively faster.


Oh yeah. Okay. I mean, it would be horrible for like five minutes. That's a long Time of horrible. It's a, a long time. But bleeding out with no extremities is rough. But I Think that would be quick. And I think you'd, you'd be almost like numbed in a, in your brain getting burned alive seems like a fucking nightmare to me. Oh wait, we had, did you see the message from the woman on Facebook who is a, there was someone on there that is a registered mortician who said she would answer any questions for us. I wonder if she would know something like that. Yeah, I guess that's not really her department of the, the actual dying.


Right. But she could pro, I mean, Like, what's the pain? That'd be an interesting thing to know. The pain factor and the window. Like how quickly do you go into shock if you are on fire, like immediately. Totally. I wanna know that. How long, Let's, let's, let's see if she'll do a private a MA with us and maybe we can like read them on a, in a mini episode. That's a good idea. So if you have questions for the licensed mortician and perhaps coroner. I don't, I can't remember. I'm definitely making up the coroner part right now. Just for Fun. Do you know I have an ex-boyfriend who's a, what is it called? Name pathological Liar. Like me. A lot of those? No, he's a, he's a, he picks up dead bodies and brings 'em to the mortuary.


Wow. Yeah. And he was like my shitty, like my broken heart ex-boyfriend. When I found that out that he did that, I was like, you fucking dick. You bested me. Like the one that got away. No, I'm like, glad he got away. But he like fucked me up when Lai did it. Oh. And then he got have like the best, he also like had then living his best, like my best life. I was a cute dick. I wanna do that. Fuck whatever. He's Gross. The mortician. Yeah. Anyways. Yeah. Sorry. And I'm jealous of him too. Yeah. Well it's also just interesting because I think there's some people who would be, who'd never be able to do a job like that. Like us probably. No, in reality, yeah. I think it would be a very, very difficult thing to do.


Yeah. That's so interesting. Like I would wanna know all about it. That was my husband Did, but I didn't wanna speak to him anymore. I'd be like, no. Yeah. Not that guy specifically. But yeah, that's like, that's like, there was a, there was a homicide detective that was at the same thing I was at, I think I told you about that. And I wanted to talk to him so bad, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. Yeah. 'cause I don't have any guts in that way of like, I can't do a cold call of like, hi, I'm Karen. Tell me, I just wanted to ask you a couple questions about, but I mean like how hot would that be if you were like going out with a homicide detectives the hot, you'd be like, hottest. Let me make you a casserole and get your goddamn slippers.


Just saying like, how was your day? Yeah. And like, how Was your day? I really want you to tell me you're Not just asking that because you're being a good wife and like, how was your day? Tell me about like accounting. Yeah. It's like what a bitch. She is like, no, how was your fucking day? How was your day when you came up on the perp and shit? Like everything Alright. Okay. Let me wrap this down. I'm almost finished. No, No, It's great. I love it. Okay. So De do do the most suspicious part of the Sony bean story is that no actual proof of him or his numerous victims actually exist. So they're saying if this many people thou that what they say is like thousands over 20 year period were truly disappearing from the Scottish coastline.


Yeah. There would be, it would be written in the newspaper Sure. Or what the whatever, you know, the periodicals of the time. Yeah. There would be reports of it. And they don't have not, they don't have any proof of like him being born or existing and they don't have proof of people disappearing. It's all, all just hearsay that Would that not be his real name then? Do we ha they have his real name Alexander Bean. Oh, I mean nobody named Alexander Bean. Yeah. Okay. Was born. So they say Right. The legend of Sony Bean first appeared in what they called British chatbooks, which were rumor magazines of the day. Hmm. Sounds Like the internet. Yes, exactly.


The old internet. The old, the old internet. Which today leads many to argue that the story was a political propaganda tool to denigrate Scott's after the Jacobite rebellions, which had happened from 1648 to 1746. Which would make sense. Let's see, Scottish historian, Dr. Louise Yeoman said that the later King James, who was the guy that in the story they say they brought that body to and got who got the 400 people up at the search party, said he was a keen hunter, but unlikely to have put himself in danger by leading a perilous truck like this.


And she also said, if James had successfully led an ex expedition to face down a well armed group of blood thirsty cannibals, he would've never, we would've never heard the end of it. So. he was the kind of king that like, definitely bragged about any slight adventure that he ever went on and yet not award was written anywhere about him doing this. To me, that's the biggest, like that to me is the most, like you can be like, well Maybe, it was less victims and maybe his name was something different or spelled differently. But that is, if it's all written record what he said he did. Yeah. And he was the kind of king that was like, lemme let you, lemme tell you a little story about how I, I found the Sony bean club. Right.


So, but maybe that part could have been like, instead of getting 400 people, they got 30 people and they were towns folk, it didn't go all the way to the king. Right. Like, who knows that part. I really don't wanna let it go because I honestly think, well, and this is the other thing too, author Sean Thomas disagrees with the fact that it, it is urban legend. 'cause he says, if the Sony bean story is to be read as deliberate deliberately antis Scottish, how do we explain the equal emphasis on English criminals in those same publications? The British Chatbooks wouldn't such an approach.


Rather blunt the point So. he was saying like, it wasn't just that one story, there was all these stories. But other people say Yeah. Except for the Sony bean story is so bad and extreme that people have been talking about it for hundreds of years. Well, that's the problem is that people have been talking about it. So it constantly becomes more and more gruesome and suddenly the king is involved when really it was just like the fucking locals head of the local township. Right. And yeah, They also said that a lot of the local innkeepers were hanged even though they were innocent because they were always the last people to see those highway travelers alive. But then that, that's another thing where like, well then they would, there would be record of their Yeah.


Death and none, they can't find any of those. So author Fiona Black writes in her book, the Polar Twins, the monstrous figure of Sony Bean as written history was probably an English invention. Cannibalism has a long history as a means of political propaganda used by the dominant culture against those they wanna colonize as an English invention. Sani may be considered a colonial fiction written to demonstrate the savagery and uncivilized nature of the Scots in contrast to the superior qualities of the English nation. Yeah. And also, so whether it's true or not, the one thing as an urban legend, the story of Soni bean represents the extremes humans are forced to go to when famine and poverty drive them to commit terrible deeds to survive.


Which is wow. Something that we all know the British really did do when they were colonizing Scotland and Ireland. You know, the Irish potato famine Right. Was not a famine because the crops failed. The English went in and took all of the crops out of Ireland. Totally. So people were starving while boats filled with food were being shipped over to England. They took all the food and intentionally starved Ireland so that they could take over the land. That's crazy. So this is something England did as a practice. So it also could be the story of like, these were people who were forced in these extreme measures. They didn't have anything else to eat. And then the story kind of came out from there.


Fucking Colonialism, man. It's not cool. It's super not cool. It's, It's kind of not, You kind of ruined, you've just like gone and pissed on a bunch of fucking continents. Yeah. And like marked your shitty. So that's, that's a Sony bean story. I was kind of bummed when I first heard that it was an urban legend because it's such a good, like, you know, it like Texas chainsaw massacre. What better scary thing than the long slow? Like people just disappearing off a road. Yeah. And then the idea that it's in the middle of the night, a a family of inbred lunatics are coming to just pull you off your horse and eat you. Because it's Not even just like one crazy guy.


Right. One wild and crazy guy. It's like, It's 50, it's like 50 Nutters. Scary. Yeah. Yeah. Well, well I hope it's not true. I don't know what to hope anymore. Okay, we're back. Did we ever figure out when in time this is from? 'cause it's 14 hundreds or 17 hundreds in the story. I mean, I know I didn't Did you? Why would I tell my Fucking story? It's, I mean, I didn't, I I'm gonna go 14. I'll do 17 just to cover our bets. How about that?


And I'd like to announce that. Yes. I opened a chain of salad and soup restaurants called the Sony Bean. That is one of my favorite jokes. When that joke came back up in this episode, I was like, yeah, it does. We're doing it. It's always Bothered me that name a little bit Sony Bean is like, there's Something I don't like about it. Yeah. It's, well, it's on par with the soup plantation. It's like, yeah. Hey, maybe we don't celebrate that. Right. Okay. Now it's your turn. Georgia goes second on this one and she is about to tell us a boring as fuck before 1800 story about the princes in the tower. Wow.


This podcast is sponsored in part by mini health. For many women, approaching menopause can be a mystery. If you're feeling moody or struggling to sleep, you might be wondering, is this menopause or something else? Mini's expert clinicians, shout out to Nurse Wendy can help you solve your mystery symptoms. Right now, they're offering prove hormone test kits free to the first 200 My favorite murder listeners who sign up for a mini virtual visit like Georgia clearly did. Your mini clinician will use your prove test results to determine where you are in the menopause journey and support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, plus supplements and lifestyle coaching. And yes, MIDI Health Services are covered by most major insurers. So you can get the expert care you need plus your free prove 15 day hormone test kit from midi. Just tell them it was My favorite murder. Who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


What's your favorite Murder? Okay. My favorite 1500 murder That you hate in general. That I hated? No, actually, I, I had been reading about this like a couple months ago because I had, I had never really, I heard the term, but I had never understood the story because fuck Shakespeare, the princes in the tower. Oh, I saw that on the list, but I didn't read that one. Yeah. So this was, this reminded me of that. And it's a really interesting story. It takes place in 14, around, starts in 1483. It starts in 1483 with the, oh my God, I'll have to do this again. And I meant to look this up.


Oh, you're gonna get in big trouble for pronouncing it wrong. No, this is embarrassing. So one with a V is five, right? No, that's Four. God damnit. When the one is before the V, it's four. And if it's after It's six. Fourth grade was a really hard year for me. Dude, who Gives a fuck about Roman numerals? Seriously. So four. Okay. Wait. Yeah. 'cause X is 10. Okay. Okay. Okay. So Edward the fourth of England, he died unexpectedly on April 9th, 1483. He had two sons. Edward, the V, am I guessing that right? Edward?


The V of England just goes a Matter. Edward V Edward V, what's his last name is V Edward V of, and he was 12. And Richard of Shrewsbury, duke of York, who was nine. That doesn't sound like a nine year old's name. No. And it's almost like you can't be, you can't be the maybe prince one. You can't be the prince, but here you go. You're the Duke of York. Yeah. She's like, Cool. Ricky Shrewbury. Ricky Shrewsbury. Ricky. Yeah. Okay. So, so Edward dies unexpectedly, but right before his death he designates his brother Richard as Lord protector Richard II the third.


No, I don't know. Oh, okay. Richard. I, I, I, I don't see, I I I No Richard as Lord. Protector. Okay. Yes. No, we'll see. Yes. I'll, let's read This. Sorry. Sorry. I just, why would I even ask a Question? No, I just feel stupid. So I wrote down, turns out he was a dick. I wrote that in my notes. So Richard was a fucking dick. It's Richard Duke of Gla g Chester. He sets out for London after, I think it's Gloster. Sure. Sorry, sorry. I I could definitely be be wrong. You're right. I could be wrong. You're Rights. All These, this is the kind of thing like Edinburg, it looks like it's Edinburgh, but it's Edinburgh. Edinburgh, yeah.


And you're supposed to know that even though you're from fucking northern California or southern California, We're Americans We're couldn't be more California. We're merkins. And we're Like, we don't even know what's going on. So Glau glauer, gl gl. I don't know. Anyways, he's, you know what we're gonna hear? We're, we're gonna hear plenty from people who do know. He sets out from for Lume Landon, is that how you say it? Yep. Yep. So, he sets out for London after his bro die. The following morning he arrests Edwards. Oh my God, I can't read any of this. I mentioned his fucking, his unc, the uncles.


So their half brother. So they, he arrest the other kid, like he's just already being like dicking around. Yep. And they were sent to a castle where they were fucking the uncle and the, and the half brother were fucking immediately beheaded in Yorkshire. Wait, the nine and the 12 year olds? No, not yet. Oh, sorry. Sorry. The nine and the 10, 12 year old's, other uncle and half brother. Got it. Were immediately beheaded. So, 'cause 'cause Edward the fifth was the, the heir to the throne. Oh, okay. So. he was supposed to, once his dad unexpectedly died, he was supposed to be fucking king. So then Richard fucking grabs these two kids, these two little ones.


Edward the fifth of England, and Richard of Shrewsbury, New York and Ricky Shrewsbury. Yeah, yeah. Rick Shrewsbury. He takes possession of them. The Elizabeth Woodville, who was the wife of Edward, who just died, takes her other son, Richard Duke of York. Then her daughters into a sanctuary. She's like, fuck this. In like later days. Then Richard, so Edward the fifth and Richard arrive in London together. And then so plans start for Edward's coronation. But the date kept being postponed. So this 12-year-old kid had just lost, his dad was like about to be the king. Yeah. Which is insane. Very Game of Thrones. Very. So on May 19th, 1483, Edward was lodged in the Tower of London.


Scary. It's the traditional re residence of Monarchs. Prior to the coordination So, he's still like, om gonna be king. And then on June 16th, he was joined by his younger brother, this kid Richard Ricky. Good old Ricky who was previously in the sanctuary. But at this point, the date of Edward's coronation was indefinitely postponed by their dick Uncle Richard. Uncle Dick dude. Yeah. Couldn't be more tricky Dick. Tricky dick. Got it. So then on Sunday, June 22nd, a sermon was preached at St. Paul's crossing, claiming Richard to be the only legitimate heir of the House of York. So at this point, there's like this crazy conspiracy to get this guy Richard tricky.


Dick to be the king instead. Yeah. So a group of lords, knights and gentlemen petitioned Rick Richard to take the throne. Both princes were, the two kids were subsequently declared illegitimate by par parliament because Richard like changed the laws. It was an act of parliament known as Ulous. Reggio Reggio. Again, I fucking hate. Yeah. We don't speak Latin. No. So. he said that the marriage between Edward IV and Elizabeth's marriage was invalid because of some contract of a pre-marriage. So like, he made some bullshit law and said that these kids aren't legitimate.


So this one can't be king. So the so rich So, he was Crown King Richard iii. You were correct, ma'am. I was correct. You were correct. A miracle of England on July 3rd. And the declaration of the boys' illegitimacy had been described as an expos facto justification for him getting the fucking throne. And it's re recorded that after he sees the throne, Edward and his little and Ricky were taken to the quote inner apartments of the tower. And they were seen less and less. Sometimes they were seen like playing outside, but less and less. And Edward was regularly visited by a doctor who reported that like a victim prepared for sacrifice.


He sought remission of his sins by daily confession and penance because he believed that death was facing him. Like this kid was like A 12-year-old boy. Yeah. Ugh. This kid was like, I know it's happening. I mean, he's been, he's been raised to be, to be ready to be prince. There's probably a fucking smart kid. Yeah. Right. And knows what happens with monarchies. You know, It happened a bunch. Sure. Pretty standard stuff. Yeah. So there's reports that they're seeing playing around the shower, but no recorded sightings of either of them. After the summer of 1483, there was an attempt to rescue them, but it failed. And it's, it's at this point, the reason it failed is because they were, he, they were already dead.


That's, that's what they think. Oh, is that the reason it failed is that they were already dead other than their disappearance. There's no direct evidence that they were murdered and no quote reliable, well-informed independent or impartial sources for the associated events. So it's a, it's a speculation that they were murdered, but it's, there's a lot of evidence as to it happening and Well yeah. Because there's somebody that has a really good reason to murder them. Very good. Yeah. And they're never seen from again. Right. And also when you're the king, you can get all that shit taken care of and not have any evidence laying around. Right, right. So jump to like more recently, four unidentified bodies have been found, which are considered possibly connected with the events.


Let's see. But okay, so the theory, the theory that I think is the most correct and seems to be the, like this is what everyone thinks it is. So there's this guy named James, sir James Tyrell, who was an English knight who fought for the House of York on many occasions. And he was acting as ri he was the loyal servant of Richard III So. he was arrested by Henry the, Just found out six. How many V one one Seventh Henry the seventh forces in 1502. I'm so this is Dude, please. Okay. In 1502 for supporting another Yorkist claimed the throne So, he is arrested and he was gonna get executed and he was tortured.


And he's like, yeah, it's, I was, I was, I did it because Richard III told me to really, he confesses to this guy named Thomas Moore. And Moore said that the princes, this guy told him they were smothered to death in their beds by two agents, by the guy Tyrell. And were then Terrell and then were, then were buried, quote at the stair foot neatly deep in the ground. Un wonder a great he of stones, but were later disinter and buried in a secret place. Ooh. Yeah. They were under the guard of the Tower of London while they were there, which was controlled by Richard II's men.


And access to them, to the princes was, was strictly limited by his instructions. Which is like that That's a fact. Yeah. He could therefore have dispatched one of his retainers to murder the princes on his behalf, but it's unlikely that they could have been murdered without his knowledge. You know what I mean? Oh, He did it. These little fucking poor kids were, so in 1674, some workmen were remodeling the Tower of London, giving it a little, little makeover. What Year? 16 something 4 16 74. Okay. They dug up a wooden box containing two small human skeletons. Oh, I know. The bo the bones were found buried 10 feet under the staircase leading to the chapel of the white tower.


They were not the first children's skeletons found within the tower. Oh no. Which is like, What are you fucking doing in there? They did whatever they wanted. Sure. Two, the bones of two other children had been found in a chamber that had been walled up. Which, which could have also been them. So like you, you find two sets Two sets of two of two children's bones. Like the chances are that one of them's gonna be Yeah. Except Queen Elizabeth II has not granted the approval for DNA testing. She's like, Nope. Queen Elizabeth, I second is our current one. I think so. And Oh, sorry, I didn't mean no. Yeah. Only why, who, what does she care?


I mean, it's gonna, it's gonna look badly on, on them. Oh, It's too late. I know. Most people think they're lizard people really don't, they realize. Yeah. Have you ever heard that theory? No. David Ike? No. Oh, that's fascinating. What is it? They think that, that There's just that the, basically the most powerful and richest people on the planet are actually lizard people. Oh. There Was a last podcast on the left about that. Yeah, it's, I haven't heard that. But my friend Laura used to read all David Ike books and websites and then tell me what they said. And she started out thinking it was funny. And then after a while it got a little real. And I was like, you need to stop reading that Shit. Oh. Like she believed it. She just was reading a lot of it.


Yeah. She's like submerged herself in the world a little much. Where it's basically, once you suspend disbelief Yeah. A little bit, then you can go, you know, then you can kind of believe what, you know, that everybody's kind of like a, they say that they're like these weird, they have the ability to change from lizards to people. Wow. That's, and that's all like most royalty are actually lizard people. That's stupid. It's a little heavy. Like why lizards? I don't know. Maybe it's 'cause it's like you could see it like they're part alien or something. Okay. That's a thing. I I actually believe alien more than lizard. Yeah. I don't know. Anyways, the ends, the end is that the bones were removed and examined in 1933.


And the, the archivist, the leading anatomist, he said that they concluded that the bo bones belong to two children around the correct ages for the princes. Oh Yeah. That was in the thirties that they did that. Oh, that's cool. But since then they won't, they won't let them test them. That's, That's all, that's the only word they wanna hear about it. Yeah. You know what's funny is we went to the Tower of London, my sister and I, so did I, but we had such bad jet lag Oh. That we were trying to stay up till a normal hour so that when we went to sleep Yeah. Because we landed at like nine in the morning. Yeah. But for us it was like two in the morning. Yeah.


So then it was like, for us, it was like we were trying to stay up all night. So we took all these tours. So we walked through the Tower of London, we did all this stuff, but neither of us can remember it because we were like exhausted. Oh my God. And then we finally went to sleep at four o'clock, and then we woke up at three in the morning and we had jet lag for like four days. I know. While we were in, in England, that tower is, it sucked. I did that in, I did that too. In places, If you don't do it right, you can really screw up like your whole vacation. That's true. One of the only memories I have is like going to the aquarium that they have there really have a really awesome one and petting a little stingray that would, they would come up to the sides of the tank, like little dogs. Oh my God. Cute.


But I was in Lume. I mean, of all the memories to have of Lume, I could have done that in Monterey. That's true. Totally Insane. Anyhow, we were, I'm just saying the Tower of London did not seem to me to be the kind of place any kid would ever want to be. No. Not a fun little hangout. No, not a good summer camp. Well, that's 15 hundreds next year. Next time. Can we do, can we do a like a seventies one? I mean, this was a misstep. Oh, I admit it. A hundred percent was were Those okay. I feel like I, I feel like I'm gonna edit out some of the stupider shit. I said. Look, You can, you can edit whatever you want. Some of the more Stupid, If anyone is coming here to learn, they've made a terrible mistake.


Yeah. And also, yeah. Yeah. I mean, well Let's do like, so you're, the, your po your episode about, or your murder about the chick who's hands got fucking sliced off. Mary Vincent. Mary Vincent fucking crawling her stump way. Yep. That's like the most talked about one. Right. So people like gruesome shit. Well, and also I think it's just, it's, if it's a good story Yeah. It's a survivor story. A survivor story or something so insane. Like for me, what I like is when it's something where you're like, I'm sorry, what the fuck are you talking about?


Like, how is that possible in human experience? Yeah. What depraved fuck upness. Or like crazy planning. Yeah. Should we do survivors next week? We can. Oh my God. I know the one I wanna do. If you wanna do survivors. Yeah. Let's do I survived. I'll tell you, mine will be from an I survived. I'm sure it will. You're obsessed with that show. I, I, this is when I tell people at parties. Have you told me? Don't tell me. I don't know. I just, sure. Sometimes when I can't think, I think part of this obsession is when I can't think of what to say, I'll just go into somebody else's tale of amazing survival. You know, lately when I'm at like a, when I am short of a conversation and I'll ask people their hometown murders.


You will. Yep. Do you get some good ones? Sometimes people see it's funny how much, how people just jump into the conversation. Like it's normal. Yes. Which I really appreciate. I do too. And like I've been at like a, you know, around a whole table of people and it's like awkward chit chat. And then I'll, and then I'll be like, oh, I'm from Arizona. And I'm like, oh, were you there when that this thing happened? Yeah. And then it just starts this like, fun conversation. Well, 'cause and also 'cause people have such extreme reactions to it. Either they're super into it or super repelled by it. Yeah. But it is a fun, like, oh, I can't, if you guys are talk about this, I can't be here. Right. Then that's, well then go away. Yeah. That's exactly what I end up saying.


Okay. This is where it comes out that I just don't do Roman numerals. Yeah. I mean, I don't, and I still can't. And I won't and I don't care. I feel like after high school, this would have been the only situation you would have had Yeah. To use Them. Unless I was like playing the Super Bowl or something. Yeah. You know, which I won't and don't, but Even if you're playing the Super Bowl, you don't have to deal with those Roman new morals. No, I don't have to tell people about what like Super Bowl that is. No. Unless it's like if you're the graphics guy Yeah. For the network that does the Super Bowl. Yeah. But they just give you the information anyways, so I don't have to That's right. So it's not, so don't worry about. So Hey graphics Georgia, don't worry about it. I've Done Okay.


Without knowing, without, with missing that day in class up until this Roman manu, I've done fine until now and I'm still blushing. Let's see. Are there any case updates for this story from the 15 hundreds? No case updates, but I will give some recommendations if people are into the story. Because it turns out that even a person who isn't interested in the past, I find the story fascinating. Yeah. So there's a book called The Princes in the Tower by a woman named Felipa Langley. And she is the like, amateur archeologist who was able to locate the body of Richard iii. Okay. And there's a movie out, it's Called The Lost King. And it's fucking incredible.


So good. Yeah. So this woman who's just like endlessly fascinating, also wrote a book and it's like, kind of like a true crimey book about what happened that makes people still don't know. And there's still all these like theories. So I dunno if you're in a Buried Bones, I think pick up the Princes in the tower by Philippa Langley. Nice. That's a cut. The, I like case updates that just turn into recommendations For Yeah, sure. And now we're gonna listen to how we ended this episode Friday night. Vince and I did nothing and sat at home and watched the OJ Simpsons. Yes. The New Simpsons Yes.


Documentary. The 30 for 30, which I haven't finished yet. Don't even, I'm only on Part four. Haven finished it either. And you I texted and had some funny jokes about it. Yes. And that's like, that was perfect. We had some wine and we had snacks and like that's like my, my perfect moment with cats surrounding us. Yeah. And, and fucked up murder. I love that special. I was talking, I went to a party on Saturday night, last Saturday, and I was talking to my friend about that be, and I just kept saying to her, I'm so embarrassed. It, my reaction in 1995 or when, whenever that Yeah. That verdict came down.


Was it 95 or 94? I wanna, yeah. 94, 9 5. I can't remember. Yeah. But whenever it was, I just very much remember. I remember hearing like on the radio, on talk radio or whatever, black, the black reaction was like, good. Yeah. This is what we deserve. You know, it's only just, and I remember just thinking, this is crazy. I don't understand what these people are talking about. And now it took 25 years practically, and to now understand what they meant, it makes me embarrassed. Yep. That like, that's what they're talking about when they talk about white privilege. That's stories in that documentary I'd never heard before. Totally. I didn't know about that 12-year-old girl that got shot in the back by the Korean store owner.


I didn't know about the woman who got shot on her front lawn over an ener like a gas bill. Yeah. Like there's all this news that I didn't know about that I, like, we just weren't privy. Like the news was so different back then. Totally. And, and Ra I mean, you think like racism, you know, not in my lifetime so much better. We don't, we're not this Yeah. We're fucking horrible. Yes. It's because we, because ultimately it's, you don't know what you don't know. Totally. And a lot of people talk like when people, when there's the Black Lives Matter, you know, campaign, and then there's these other people going all lives matter where it's like you're, you are missing the point. Totally. And what you are saying is as if you understand Yeah.


What these people are going through, you do not. Yeah. Your privilege is such that you have no idea. It made me as, even though I'm not at all racist and no one in my family is, and it's not, you know, it's nothing I've ever encountered on my own in my own life. It made me so embarrassed. Yes. For It's because we shouldn't, because if you don't know, then you shouldn't be going. This is ridiculous. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, it's that judgment of a, of privilege. Yeah. That's embarrassing to me because Yeah. I always thought I was middle class, working class. Totally. My parents are from Irish. Both were raised by Irish immigrants who are poor and bootstrapped and all that kind of stuff.


Yeah. So nobody has that kind of, like, I always look at that as like, oh, the 1% and those people that don't understand, whatever, that's not us. It absolutely is Totally is you if you haven't had the experience. Yeah. And that I that's, but that's the brilliance of that documentary series is people are ha legitimately having their eyes opened. Totally. I can't wait to finish it. And, but it's, it's Heavy. I hear the fifth episode is insanely grizzly because you see the bodies, There's crime scene photos. Is that the first time they've ever been shown? Like legally and publicly? I wonder? I'm not sure. Oh God. I don't wanna See her before that.


It's apparently very graphic and upsetting. I just remember hearing when I was like, when it happened that I, this was the first time I ever heard this and I've unfortunately heard it since that her neck was so slit that it was almost, she was almost beheaded. Yeah. Like, that has stuck with me. I mean, I've seen it, a couple heard it, a couple read it a couple times in other crimes since then. Yeah. And it, it, it gives me the chills. It's so crazy. It's so crazy. And the the weird part is that all of it, like the entire story is really huge. Like, you just wouldn't, anybody who hasn't seen this documentary, you really have to see it. And the beginning, the first episode is really all about OJ and his football career, which I was like, boring.


But then it, it, it makes you understand who he was and why it mattered because I didn't care about football. Right. So I didn't understand what a huge person, I saw him in the naked gun. Right. And I was like, he's that actor, you know? Yeah. But like, even him getting com it was just so interesting what it meant for him to be as huge as he was. Right. And he was one of the first people, he was one of the first black men that was presented as like a commercial aspirational figure. Yeah. Which had never happened before. Yeah. For Neither. For not just for black people Society. No, for everybody. For society. Yeah. At large. It's, it's so fascinating. It's Yeah. Highly recommended.


Crazy. Yeah. Well, I tried to end it on a positive note and then I ended up talking about Fucking Up The Simpsons. Well, no, again, It was this episode as you know, we name these, we name these titles kind of randomly ourselves, wordplay style, which got very exhausting after a while. So these days we just pick a phrase from the episode. Yeah. And name it that people that listen to this podcast are like, we know. Why are you, it's in Case you're listening with your mom and it's her first time listening and you're on your road trip and shit. And she's like, why are we talking about titles that's already got a title?


You have to know. We have to explain your Lost to your Ghost mom every time. So Alejandra pulled some new ones from this episode. One is Crossing Paths in As Sauna. Oh, that Sounds so awkward. We're talking about us seeing each other the night before at a comedy show where there was no air conditioning. It looked like we were crossing paths in Asana. One of my favorite, one of my favorite sayings, I didn't make this up, I got it from a girl I followed on Live journal a million years ago, and Vince actually has someone made shirts of these and Vince has one Coochie twinge of Shame. Yeah. Coochie Twinge is just like, you guys, you know what it means when you cross paths in a sauna? It's awkward. You know what a fucking coochie twinge is when you get so excited about something or horrified by something.


Yeah. If I need to explain it to your mom, I remember when you said it and then you were like, we gotta make sures. And I was like, absolutely not. It's terrible. I don't say it very often anymore, But it's almost like the underground Yeah. You know, phrase. Yeah. And you know, you love it. Also, there's me or you or Elvis, which is you figuring out who goes first. And you said, it's either me or you or Elvis. Good Boy. That would've been a good one. Yeah. Yeah. We can pick that one. Here You are, Elvis. Okay, well thanks you guys for listening to another episode of Rewind. Yeah. And if you want to start listening to this, if you don't wanna go all the way back and listen to all of our old episodes where we, I mean, just a lot of slop around bullshit, but you know, or you just, whatever.


Stay sexy. I don't know. Don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie key? Ah.