
This is exactly right.


We are here to tell you about a terrifying sequel that will have you grinning ear to ear. That's right. Smile two is in theaters. On October 18th, This sequel continues the twisted and terrifying story of the Breakout Horror. Hit Smile. And it's built for the big screen offering even bigger and scarier moments. Imagine watching as the universal gesture of kindness twist itself into something sinister and evil. And once you see the smile, it's already too late. Naomi Scott plays global pop sensations. Sky Riley whose world tour takes a dark and terrifying turn. As the pressures of fan build, she's faced with increasingly horrifying events that are all proceeded by a smile Sky becomes increasingly unhinged as an evil terror takes over her life. Blurring the lines of what is real Writer, director Parker Finn and the original team are back to bring you the same unsettling experience as the original. Don't Miss Smile two in theaters on October 18th, ready to face the fear, Because once you see it, you'll never look at a smile the same way again.


Goodbye. Goodbye, Boo.


I'm Lisa Traeger Woo. I'm m Kara Klink. and we're the host of the True Crime Comedy podcast that's messed up. An, SVU, Podcast. And this fall we're bringing the show on the road for our spooky season tour. You can find us doing tricks and treats in Denver, Phoenix, San Diego, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Portland. Just. like the podcast will cover an episode of Law and Order, SVU, but so much more PowerPoints, games, audience participation, a costume competition go to that's messed up. live.com for tickets, and we'll see you there. Done. Done.


Hello And, welcome To Rewind, right with Terra in Georgia. That's what the show this is. Yep. I don't know how that got split up. This is our new weekly bonus episode where we get in a little time machine and go back to reflect on our very first episodes of this podcast. Today we're gonna revisit episode 13, that's called Thirteen Going on Murdy. It's from Thursday, April 21st, 2016. So this episode was the three month anniversary of the podcast starting. Who fucking knew it would be six months total that we did this podcast? I mean, just, let's go back and whisper in our little 2016 break.


Oh, guess what? Hey girl. Hey. Hey. Guess what? Hey, guess what? It's gonna keep happening. So anyway, we're celebrating. We're looking back. We're viewing, we're discussing. So join us. Go find your favorite goth, your favorite punk and a grandma, and invite them to listen along. 'cause now we all get to be day one listeners. Okay, let's listen to the intro to episode 13, All the way down to the LBC. Are we gonna podcast onto the LBC today? Yeah. This Is Karen on the one, two, that's Karen on the one, two, That, that's Georgia on the three fours. And there we go. Hey, welcome to my favorite murderer.


This is Karen. That's Karen. This is Georgia. Remember our voices. Remember make mental pictures and then listen to horrible things from us and Get ready to party. Party with knives. Guys, there's so much going on. So much going on. This Is, this is gonna be chock full. Yeah. This, so this episode is about 1980s murders. Eighties murders. It's episode Lucky 13. Yay. and we decided that we do we well, when we decide these things, it's so random. We're just trying to interest ourselves. Yeah. And make something that we think will get For me, I was trying to think of something that make us dig deep and go maybe off our, my standard interest is the murder of marginalized people so that I can come back and talk about and shake my finger at society Yeah.


And how society works and How we've wronged And how we've all been so wronged. Yeah. And we've wronged and we've wronged and been wronged. But then I think last week we got a little deep and personal and kind of sad. And so I was trying to think of like eighties murders would be like immediately I'm thinking, come on in the morning. Like, you know, it's a Cyndi Lauper feel. It's a fun Murder. It's a fun triangle. Pink triangles and light blue dots type of feel. Okay. I should let you know that mine isn't fun. Okay. Mine is marginalized people. I mean, I feel I Feel. like there's almost no way that it's not gonna be that way. Well, The eighties just did a number on murder. Yeah. Because I Feel, like, there was just, there was a lot of horrific murders coming out.


Yes. And I. Think when I was researching mine, I found when people talk today about that we live in rape culture in the eighties, it was like that flag was flying high. Well it wa it wasn't a rape culture back then because No one cared about rape. It was like, wasn't it like legal to rape your wife? Yeah. And it was like she wore a short skirt, so she deserved it. And everyone would high five in the courtroom. There Wasn't a rape. It was fucked up guys. It wasn't a rape culture because it was just culture. It was culture. It wasn't rape culture. Yeah. There was no delineation. It was just like, it was, this is culture and too bad. Accept it. There's nothing you can do. Right. Don't wear, you shouldn't have worn that and you shouldn't have talked to this person. Karen, what do you have in front of you?


Oh, guys. Yeah. Before we get into the main course, let's, let's do some apps. Let's have a appetizer. Happy Hour. Yes. Give me some murder consummate. Now, People talked about this on the Facebook page. Of course. There's, there's no way to jump the Facebook page No. When shit comes out, it's going to hit there first. Yeah. But I too, like someone who posted this on our Facebook page bought the InTouch Weekly that had JonBenet's cases finally solved on the cover. Yeah, but what? But they don't, but they're like, but we're not telling you. Right. Well, it can't be for sure. Yeah. 'cause now it's gone into, it's almost like JFK theorists. Yeah. Where it's all just split into these lunatic satellite theories.


The, the reason I think this one has much more weight to it is because it's the original private investigator that they been, that the Ramseys hired. Yeah. But if the Ramseys hired them, are he, is he going to disclose what he knows about the Ramseys? I don't know. I mean, you, you would think not, but then he's no longer on their payroll. He just started investigating independently from, from when they were cleared. But someone made this great point on the Facebook page that made that like rung my bell, which is you cannot clear the Ramseys if the case has not been solved. Right. Somebody came in and was like, don't worry about them. They're fine. Yeah. And it's like, but there's no person, it's not like you're saying that and then you're bringing up this is the actual suspect.


Yeah. Like, and the reason we know they're not guilty is because of so and so because Exactly. There's still, they still haven't cleared all the evidence that points to them. There's so much and there's just so much. It's, it becomes like the, the, it's the Jack the Ripper thing where when you, when you go over the path, over and over, everything gets muddied and crazy and you suddenly don't know where the path is anymore. Well, the thing that's frustrating to me is that anytime someone is like, here, here's the theory and here's why. Every single one of them makes total sense. Sure. And you're like, okay, yeah, I could see that. And and they are like, they pick and choose the evidence that supports that. And it makes sense. Yeah. And then you hear an and you know, the, the evidence is something totally different. And you're like, that makes sense too. Right. So It's Hard. And it's very hard. And in this article itself, this happened to me, which here, I'll say this first.


This is how terrible I am with the digital age. We live in this article was four pages long. And I dipped out on page three. I was like, I can't read that. I don't wanna read this anymore. Yeah. But I'll, I'll tell you why. Because it's this, what's his name? Ali Gray is this private investigator. So he's got a team of people helping him for this investigation. They think it's a guy named Michael Hel Goth who did it. Oh, they say who they think did it. Yeah. And they think he did it with other people. But this guy has killed himself. Right. Quote unquote killed himself since that time. Which the bullet went from left to right.


And the gun was laying on the right hand side. So they're like, they're, that's not, that's not a suicide. Right. So they think that he, he was killed to be silenced as the people that did it with him wanna make sure that he doesn't fuck them up and get them sent to jail. So they think it's one guy or multiple guys. They think that there was multiple guys. It's, it's all different people saying all different things. 'cause then why wouldn't they kill if it was just the two of them? I could see that. But if, if it was three, yeah. Okay. So it's three. Then why didn't whoever killed that one guy killed the other guy too? They Could still do it. Or maybe they have like, we don't know. 'cause we don't know who those other two people are. But apparently this guy Michael Helth, the Ali Ollie Gray, for some reason that name will not stand in my head.


No. Ollie Gray says, this guy is caught on tape admitting to the murder. Where's the tape? What's the tape? Lemme see the tape. It's, yeah, it's, it's, it, it's, let's see it, the tape was removed from Mike's house after he died in 1997. But apparently it was overlooked by the police and returned to Mike's family. So And Why do they think he did it? Because He, he admitted it. Because he admitted it on this tape. Got it. And then there's, there are witnesses who say they saw three men leave the house in a station wagon. There's a girlfriend who says, my boyfriend came back in a stage wagon. And I had never seen before. Changed blood splatter clothes. It's a bunch of that kind of shit. But it's nothing.


Nothing is being reported to the police in a firm factual way. Yeah. As far as I can tell from this very lightly scammed article, here's why I stopped reading this article. Okay. Because one of the people whose picture is next to Ollie Gray's in the article is a guy named John. It looks like Kennedy or Cannady. Okay. And he has a lot to say about this guy and what he's like. And he killed cats when he was little and he's really messed up. And he owned a taser and JonBenet was tased and all this different stuff. Unfortunately, in the second paragraph it says, oh shoot, sorry, I'm on the wrong page. On the, on the third page of this article, it says, Kennedy, who has a questionable past himself after being sentenced to three years supervised per probation in 1979 for sexual assault on a child.


Oh my God. Phoned the Boulder Police Department nearly 20 times. No one would call me back. He says, so immediately. That's when I was like, why am I reading this article? Yeah. This is basic. This is the reason nobody's listening to these theories. Yeah. Is because you now have a child rapist that's like, I know who did it. Yeah. Well that's like criminals, you know? Oh my God. It's not reporting each other. It's Never gonna be solved. It's the messiest fucking thing. Do You think it'll ever, I don't think it'll ever be solved. I mean, I have to say, I don't know, but I had to buy this. Yeah, no, no, you needed to do that. I'm glad you you brought it outta your bag. And I was like, yay. Why didn't I think of that? Yay.


Every page of this magazine is absolute trash, including this article. That's all just like, and of course they have all the pictures of like the Yeah. All Patsy's writing and then the Right. The note and all everything you'd want. I wanna see the writing. But it doesn't help Anything. No, I don't think it'll ever be solved. And I don't. Unless we can do some kind of mind reading in the future. I don't think it's gonna be solved. What's gonna help me though a lot Is that true crime series they're gonna do about this Case? I can't wait for that. I'm gonna watch the shit out of it. But like, will they include things from child rapists? That's what I wanna know. Right. Is like how, who, who's fact checking that Totally script. Totally. I like the idea that I spent this 2 99 so you wouldn't have to Thank You.


Yeah. I'm gonna try to do that for you When it gets solved. Is that gonna be worth something? Yeah, I'm definitely putting it into a Ziploc bag and putting it in file folder. Put it in your vault. That's right. At the bank. You guys will both have vaults. That'd Be, that'd be amazing to have a vault that when you die, you open it up and it's a bunch of old InTouch weeklies. Like, not even that old though. They're like from like mid nineties. Just like pathetic. Yeah. Should we talk about, should we go onto the main course? Oh, the one thing I do wanna say first please do. Our Facebook page is blowing up. Oh my God. So crazy. We love that. People keep joining it.


It's so fun. And we're, we are going to, there we, we had it, it grew so quickly that we had to get some people, I believe their names are Alex and a and Ari and we had to get them to moderate. So we just want to be respectful of the fact that they're actually doing work for us. Yeah. And trying to keep the Facebook page as readable and as fun for everybody as possible. Yeah. So patients as we kind of have weird growing pains because it isn't the original 300 people Right. Who are like, you know, it's almost their own little club. And we're sorry it can't be that way anymore. It's almost 3,500.


It's fucking crazy. It's huge. And also thanks to you guys on the Facebook page, we also made the fucking, we made the top 50 comedy podcasts on iTunes, which Is crazy. How crazy is that? So quickly. Yeah. Thank you guys so much for Yeah. Being participating so much. The Only way we can get on that is if you guys rate review and subscribe. Excuse me. Get it out. Get it out now. So please keep doing that because that was very fucking exciting. Oh, and also, I haven't checked the Gmail for your emailed hometown murder stories in a while because They go, yeah, they went a little crazy there. There's so fucking many. So we'll get back on that and do a mini mini.


So yeah. Of that pretty soon. We'll I, I'm also because of the Facebook page, like I'm really aware of quotes that I'm, that we're saying because people have been making these inspirational posters that Are so hilarious, So funny of stupid. Like, not stupid, but like hilarious quotes we've been saying. Yeah. It's very cool. It's So rad. So now every time I say something I'm like, is this gonna be me? Inspirational quote? I Don't start trying to talk in Quotes. I don't. I'm not going to. I don't want to. I don't want to. But then you pull out a like notes in your pocket. Yeah. But I'm like, but I happen to, and like my hand has writing all over it. But anyways, And we're back.


We're back. The great Aaron Brown, who is our marketing director, but also helps us make these episodes, actually went and found an InTouch weekly magazine so we could actually look at It. The one that we had been looking at, that we Were talking about. I mean that's just dedicated Yeah. Work That she is doing. I think this is from when they exonerated and I'm putting that in quotes, the parents without any actual evidence. Like They were just kind of saying, well, 'cause the headline is finally solved. Oh, that's true. Where it's just kind of like, that's quite a promise that is Like wouldn't Yeah. You gotta deliver something great if you're gonna promise that.


Right. Yeah. You would think. Yeah. But it also kind of shows how this is the kind of thing where it's like, it says their America's biggest murder mystery where it's like, yeah, everyone cared about this little girl just being murdered in her home. Totally. I mean I just, I can't believe it's still not been solved. It's wild. Let's see, the Facebook group's going strong. We have 3,500 members, which is a ton of people and we have a bunch of moderators are being thanked finally. And you know, appreciated them all the hard work they did. Yeah. Alex and Ari, thank you so much. 'cause they were the original moderators on that back when that Facebook page was small and manageable.


It was like, it was like your grandma's kitchen. Yes. You just go in there and have a seat. There'd be like country themed decor. Yeah. You just, it was smelled like cookies and it was just like a place where the other people who are listening to this podcast and there weren't that many Yeah. Could all kind of talk and gather. Yeah. Sit around a four mic a table, have some tea, And essentially build the murder. Like you guys built the murder. No community there and together. That's where it all kind of started. Yeah. Pretty cool. Yeah. To have watched that happen. Yeah, totally. And we're on the top 50 comedy podcast, which I was excited about. You probably weren't. Well, I mean I just, my whole thing was you were getting very excited.


Yeah. And I just didn't want you to be disappointed. I was trying to like, be like, you can be excited, but what if something else happens? Yeah. Be ready for a different thing and you know, I'm happy and proud to say I was wrong. I was very wrong. So our theme for episode 13 is our favorite murders from the eighties. So I remember you telling me this story 'cause I had never heard it before. Oh yeah. The Preppy murders. Sorry. Really quick, before we get into the preppy murders, my friend Owen Eon is the one who suggested Thirteen Going on Murdy. And he, I think he either texted me or sent it. He was my boss on the first scripted show I ever got to write on.


And it was such an honor that he was paying attention at all. Yeah. Or cared. It was just that weird thing where I was like, oh, this is a different thing than anything I've ever worked on before. Where there are people that I know that are paying attention, that are like in it with us, that know what's going on. Yeah. That's not all that common here in big time. Los Angeles. That's So true. Or they, if they are, people don't tell you. Right. Especially if they like it. 'cause then it's like, oh, I'm not gonna give her a big head. Yeah, exactly. Or there's certainly, you know, but I mean, Owen's a great guy, so that made me laugh really hard. And that was, you know, that was it. That's a great title and a great suggestion. It is. Again, thank you for that. I think we thanked him at the time.


Okay. So let's listen to Karen's story about the preppy murders.


This episode is brought to you by no cd. Sometimes you're going about your day and suddenly an intrusive thought hits. Now everyone has these thoughts, but for people with OCD, they stick and cause serious distress. No. OCD is here to help with therapy designed specifically for OCD. No. OCD is a virtual therapy provider for OCD with licensed therapists who specialize in OCD. So they understand intrusive thoughts. These intrusive thoughts might be violent or frightening in nature, so they can seem taboo. But here's the thing, they're more common than you think. In fact, almost everyone has them. But for people with obsessive compulsive disorder or OCD, they tend to feel sticky and cause a lot of distress. That's what makes OCD so debilitating. The thoughts can feel so real that seeking help can seem like a huge risk. If you're feeling this way, having the right kind of care and support can make a huge difference. And that's where no CD can help. Every no CD therapist is trained in exposure and response prevention. It's a type of therapy specifically designed for OCD and it's considered the gold standard treatment. No CD also accepts many major insurance plans and offers always on support between sessions. So you're never alone. To learn more about therapy with no cd, go to no cd.com and schedule a free 15 minute call with their team. That's no cd.com To learn more and book a free 15 minute call. Goodbye.


This podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health. For many women, approaching menopause is a mystery And not a fun mystery like, Hey, who brought in donuts? Yeah. It's more like, what is my body doing and who can I talk to about it? And that's why MIDI Health wants to help you demystify and navigate this time of your life. They're the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. They support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, supplements, lifestyle coaching and preventative health guidance plus MIDI Health services are covered by most major insurers. Menopause is an unavoidable fact of life, but navigating it doesn't have to be a mystery. For my favorite murder listeners, be one of the first 200 people to complete your first MIDI virtual visit and you'll get a free prove 15 day hormone test kit so you can track your daily hormone levels and gain valuable insights about your hormonal health. Just tell them it was my favorite murder. Who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com. That's Join mi d.com. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Do you wanna go first? Should I'll go first. Murder, come home In the morning. Quack That what? That's what makes eighties makes you think of Yeah. Immediately. Cindy Lauper. Yeah. Because I was a total eighties kid. So this murder happened. I completely remember it. It was 1986. I was 16. This was like right, right there when I was starting to go like, oh shit. Like the real world is heavy duty. 16 is realizing that Yeah, Bad things can happen to you. Yeah. And yet was I still a blackout drunk? You bet I was. Lady, Did I still walk alone at night?


Hell, Absolutely. Absolute. Absolutely. It's, I was the queen of the kidnapping in my town. Right. So my murder is the preppy murder. Do you remember that? Preppy murder, Robert Chambers and Jennifer Levin. I don't think New York City, 1986. No. Tell me everything. Okay. So this was big because back then, and this, it's so funny to talk about and to look it up because it now seems like 100 years ago. Right. But in the eighties, the big thing back then was being rich. It, this was like a little bit after Revenge of the Nerds. Yeah. Where people started to acknowledge that there was another way to be besides popular, rich blonde, skinny on Coke and wearing an IZOD shirt.


Right. It's like us against them kind of a thing. Exactly. But up until that point, it was basically like this was the only thing you can be, and if you're anything else, you're just invisible. And No one gives a shit about you. Or you'll get beaten up and thrown into a garbage can. Yeah. So that was, it was very much like the greed is good. Gordon Gecko era of like the poster that had the Porsche with the N Naked lady on it, that was like boys and their toys. It's standard fair. It's Like everyone, everyone, it was assumed to be reaching for the same goal of being wealthy. Exactly. Yeah. And now when you watch American Psycho, which seems totally insane now, it really was like that, that's just like a satirized campy version. Yeah. Of exactly how it was.


So in August 26th, 1986, it was right before people were going back to college or going away to college for the first time. And there was a bar, I believe it was the Upper West Side. I should have written it down. Sorry. It could be the Upper East Side, but I think it was the Upper West Side. And it was called Dorian's Red Hand. And that's where all the rich kids Prep school kids used to go. They could actually go there and drink underage and their parents kind of knew that that's where they went. Yeah. And they liked that they went there as opposed to anywhere else. Oh. Oh, they felt like they knew where they were. Yeah, they knew where they were. It was a little bit of a clubhouse. It was very insidery. And it was like a very specific sect of like, from like 17 to 23 year olds that went to this bar.


And there probably weren't blackout drunks too. It was like, you have a reputation, you need to hold your shit. So it's not like they were gonna some dive bar Or something. Right. It was like networky and kind of clubby. But I think there was a ton of coke back then. Oh my God. All the, the eighties ate all the Coke. They did. They, and all, at the beginning of the eighties, they thought Coke wasn't bad for you. Right. They honestly believed it was like B12, which is the greatest. So anyway, at this bar is a guy named Robert Chambers. And he was as, it's, I found an old People magazine article from 1986. I bet it's worth so much money. Which is, well it was online, but yeah. If the, if I had the real thing. But it talked about, here's how it described him.


Robert Chambers seemed like every teen girl's dream. The son of a record promoter, he grew up in an elegant townhouse next to Carnegie Manchin. And as a child, he belonged to the Knickerbocker Grays, which was an anachronistic, but very upper CROs boys drill team whose members have included Vanderbilts, Roosevelt and Rockefellers. Yes. He was no scholar, but he'd been a debate team member, soccer star at York Preparatory School. He w he, he was a rather charming, pleasant society boy sums up his former headmaster. Every girl had a crush on him. So he would've never dated us, is what you're saying? Oh no. This guy, if I was in the bar with him, he would've looked past me like I was part of the wallpaper. Oh my God.


And but, but he had kind of fallen on a hard times. And the thing is, with the perspective of knowing that this was a world of like Sperry Topsiders people. Like I grew up in a farm town. Yeah. And people tried to pretend like they were preppy. 'cause preppy was basically saying, you go to prep school, you're rich. Yeah. And No one was in my town yet. Right. Tons of people tried to dress like that. That Was like the ma culture and the like the look of Yeah. Of the Day clean cut wealth. Totally. And like influence too, because if you were prep, like Yeah. He went to school with fucking Vanderbilts. You have influence. Exactly. So his parents got divorced and then the money stopped coming in from the dad. Oh. And he also, they saved from age 14, he had a pretty bad drug habit.


Oh shit. So his parents had separated. He got kicked outta Boston University for bad grades. And that was, he was only 19 when this happened. So he'd only been there for a year. So he fucked up there pretty quickly. According to his advisor, he'd been treated the spring before a drug rehab program in Minnesota for Coke. But he came back to New York City and was quote unquote on the circuit. And he was six foot 3, 220 pounds. And he was as popular as ever. When he came back, Did you see a photo of him? Is he super hot? Yes. You know who he looks like? Yeah. He's like kind of a more buffed out. You remember the reporter from Making a Murderer who was, oh God, that good looking guy.


So cute. He looks like that guy. But with a crazier, more cartoony square chin. Wow. So like good jeans, Sharp faced it, the kind of the first guy you would see when you walk into a Bar. Did he have your favorite attribute of a person? High forehead? Did he carry? I think he did. He was perfectly set up. He was like tall football player looking blue eyes, dark hair, big eyebrows. How did None of those children ever turn out? Like just kind of ugly or plain? No, because it's, they're, it's all the breeding. Yeah. It's like those, the rich people don't pick plain people. Totally. It's not like I love this handsome woman for her brain that never fucking happens.


Yeah, That makes sense. Kind of ever. So anyway, Sorry, go On. So he was there and then this girl, Jennifer Levin was there and she was described as a magnet. Everyone seemed to gravitate toward her. She was five seven, a hundred twenty pounds brunette with great style. She was voted best looking and best figure in her senior class yearbook. She, she liked parties better than books, but she had a goal, she had saved $1,600 from working in a restaurant over the summer and she was sending herself to junior college. Wow. So she wasn't a rich wasn't a rich girl. No. But she was like in the mix. Yeah. So I think she was like, she may have gone to those schools, but no, it sounded like she was more, yeah.


She was more of made herself. She's The perfect murder victim, Self made saying. That's right. Well, the thing is, like her, she had an uncle that wrote for Sports Illustrated. I don't remember what her parents did. I do remember very distantly reading a big long article about her either in the New York Times or the New Yorker. But it was all about how her parents were more like the Artie types. Mm. Like someone had money somewhere, but like she had to earn her own. Yeah. And so you'll see this girl gets totally fucking reamed by these, this defense attorney set up. Oh my God. Tell me. Okay, keep going. I'm sorry. Okay. I've never, I don't know this one. I'm so excited. Okay. This was, this was kind of amazing. And actually looking back on it now, I'm amazed of how we all just ingested things.


There was, you know, no internet. Yeah. You just kind of took it as it was given to you. Yeah. So, so this is just a, a quick story. She had charm, her family recalled what happened one day, three weeks ago, three weeks before the murder, when she writing in a taxi told the caveat that she was nervous about her impending driver's exam. Before long, the hack had shut off the meter and was tutoring her in parallel parking. Oh. So that's how charming she was. She never got to take that test because she went to Dorian's Red Hand that night and everyone was there kind of saying goodbye. And like, everyone's going off to college, whatever. And Robert Chambers is there now, they had dated a little bit before that Robert Chamber, chambers current girlfriend breaks up with him in front of everybody by throwing a bag of condoms at him and saying, you're not gonna be using these with me anymore.


And people think that the reason she broke up with him was because of Jennifer Levin. Oh. That she found out that, that he had been cheating on her with Jennifer Levin. Oh, that's a theory. I didn't find anything that was like, this is definitive. Yeah. But the, it is definitive that this girl very publicly humiliated him and broke up with him in the really hideous way. So at four, somewhere, I, there was a couple different times listed in different articles. I read somewhere between 3 45 and four 30 in the morning. Jennifer and Robert Chambers leave this bar and walk across the street into Central Park, which is apparently the common thing is people would, like, they said if Dorian's red hand was the meat market, central Park was the girl.


So you'd like hook, you'd meet somebody and chat with them and everyone would go into the park to have sex. That's sounds, Ugh. Like that was a dangerous park back then, wasn't it? Fuck yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like what? Respectable girl wants to get boned in Central Park. But I guess it was kind of like also Upper West Side if it is west side. Yeah. Which I think it is. I remember walking there when I lived in New York and being shocked at how safe it seemed. Yeah. I was walking home at like 11 o'clock at night. The streets are super busy, well lit. There's a doorman every 500 feet. That's True. And, I think also they lived in a world where they thought nothing could ever happen to them. Right. So two hours later, Jennifer's body is found by a bicyclist in riding through Central Park.


It's found behind the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Her shirt and bra are pushed up around her neck. Her skirt is above her waist, and her underwear are 50 yards away. And her whole body is bruised and battered has cuts and bite marks all over it. Wow. So the police start processing the scene, and they don't say how they know this, but I found this in every article about this. Robert Chambers watch the police process the scene from across the street. Oh, wow. He, he lived like minutes away walking distance. And he watched them as like, they put up the tape and did the whole thing. Probably like the doorman said he was, he was standing outside the door or Something like that. Yeah. Someone, yeah, someone saw it.


Saw it. Yeah. So basically when the cops do their footwork, they find out that he's the last person seen with her. So they go to his fancy townhouse, he opens the door and he's got scratches on his face. No. And arms. And it's, when you see the picture, it literally is like one long one in the middle shut up. And the little one's down the side. It's a hand scratch down his face. And he had 'em on his arms and he said it was his cat. Then the cats, then the cops find out the cat had been declawed. So then he, oh my God. Then he changes his story and said, yes, I did leave the bar with her. But then she left to go get cigarettes. And I. Then never saw her after that. Well, she didn't smoke. Oh.


So then finally they get him, he's a taped confession. And this is what his taped confession is. Yeah. He says, he says he and Jennifer had gone from the bar to Central Park where they had sex, including a bondage game in which Levin tied up chambers wrists with her panties. In the middle of this, in his version of events, something went wrong. She hurt me. He says, I told her to stop. She wouldn't So freeing his hands, he, he said, I pulled her backwards. And then he claims he hid her once and that's how she got killed. It's so unfair, dude. That's so unfair. Well, the dis, the assistant district attorney who was in that interview said to him, I've been in this business a while and you're the first man I've seen raped in Central Park.


So people weren't buying it from the outset. It Just up, it upsets me so much when, when a person like him can't just, you're taking a little responsibility. Just go the whole way instead of blaming it on her. It's so unfair. I Know, but it's, we are talking about, this is like, I'm sure part of it, this is a drug addict. This is a person who's slowly sliding down the status, the status mountain. And he probably is used to getting everything he wants and having everything go his way. Yeah. And if he's a narcissist and possibly a sociopath, he's not gonna handle this correctly. Right. Ever. Right. Or cop to it. Yeah.


And he probably doesn't have the kind of parents that are like, Hey, guess what? Do the right thing. Yeah. Yeah. No, all is true. I get, I'm coming at it from my own personality. Why can't things be good? Right? Yeah, of course. So this race scenario was considered to be highly unlikely in the light of the fact the Chambers was more than a foot taller than Jennifer. She was Oh, this says she was five foot four. That's much different than five seven, which is from the different article anyway. But he was a foot taller than her and a hundred pounds heavier than her. Yeah. So everyone's just like, yeah, I don't think so. Now here's the problem. The way his defense attorneys did it, the articles that start coming out, because of course the media has to go with the, the, the grossest version of the story.


Yeah. So the New York Daily News had headlines like how Jennifer Court death and Sex play got rough and her reputation was totally attacked while, while Chambers was portrayed as a kennedyesque, preppy altar boy with a promising future. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, why media? Why? I mean, and it's that gross thing of like, I see you see people talking about it online all the time now, where it's like that Planned Parenthood shooter where they were like, it's, he was sad and lonely. And it's like, why are we talking about Yeah. How hard it was for the guy who just shot all these people We're not talking about the victims. Totally. Maybe they were sad and lonely too. And they, but they didn't fucking shoot anyone. I mean, it's the weird media bias that, you know, we're all starting to become more and more aware of as time Goes by.


And it's like one, one outlet picks it up and the others all have to go along with it. Right. And it's like, it's the same thing as these days of like clickbait. It's just old. The old version of clickbait. Yeah. In, in court the defense sought to depict Levin as a promiscuous woman who kept a quote unquote sex diary, except for that never existed. She had a small notebook that contained the names and phone numbers of her friends and notations of ordinary appointments. Wow. She just had like a day runner like everybody else. And they tried to say she had a sex diary and she was that much of a slut. Oh. Even as if, hey, guess what? Even if that was true. Yeah. You don't get to murder her. No. But in the eighties, that's a legitimate defense. Yeah. But these tasked tactics, luckily they were met with public outrage and there were pro protestors demonstrating outside the courtroom, calling themselves justice for Jennifer.


So people got super pissed. Good. That that's the way they did it. Good. And the prosecutors came right out and said he was high and drunk and he killed her in a rage because he could not perform sexually. And that's really what happened. The jury deadlocked for nine days, a plea bargain was struck in which chambers pleaded guilty to a lesser crime of manslaughter in the first degree, which is a Class B felony and a one count of burglary for th thefts from 1986. And who cares about that? So he served from March 22nd, 1988 to February 14th, 2003. And then, but he's still in jail now because he got out and almost immediately got arrested again for selling drugs.


Like, he tried to move to the south with his girlfriend, then he moved back to New York and basically just, they got him immediately. And he's still in jail now. What was it, what was it like in jail for him? That he immediately went out and sold drugs? Like he just didn't learn a fucking thing. He Didn't, yeah. He never, he never got clean And I. Think he probably, knowing that that was something he would have to face once he did. Yeah. He's just like, fuck it. I'm, How did he get paroled if he wasn't even fucking like reformed or like, I mean, right. Yeah. These are the questions that we ask every fucking episode. Seriously. No, but here's the gross part, or a grosser part. In April, 1988, the tabloid television program. A current affair. Yeah. Obtained and broadcast a home video showing chambers at a party when he was free on bail.


So this was before he, the, before the trial. And he was shown in the video playing with four lingerie clad girls, choking himself with his hands while making loud gagging noises, twisting a Barbie's doll's head off and saying in a falsetto, my name is, oops, I think I killed it. What? And there is a movie called The Preppy Murder starring William Baldwin and Laura Flynn Boyle as Jennifer Levin. Oh no. That you can watch if you want to hear even more of that hideous story That makes me so sad. I wanna know, I wanna know how, I wanna know how his parents, how they reacted, what they're doing now. They keep in touch with him.


I wanna know everything. Well, and also there was a ton of, like, to me, this is about, he, he was very Catholic. He had a lot of family in the Catholic church in New York City. There was a lot, lot of like ang, or not Anglican, but his Catholic priests coming forward and people kind of attesting. 'cause he was this fucking altar boy. Yeah. It was all that shit. And it's, to me, it's this sexuality issue between the Catholics and Jewish people where it's a healthy, normal thing to have sex and be sexual. That's, She was Jewish and he was Catholic. Yep. And I think it was, there was that cultural thing of like, oh yeah, but she deserved it. Yeah. Or she was loose, or she did stuff like this, Or she was like asking for it, or She was asking for it.


I mean, the, the tying up thing is interesting to me because all right, let's say you were gonna go into Central Park to fool around when you're drinking. Like you just have a quick fuck. You don't, you don't role play. No. And get into, you know what I mean? Like, I can't imagine someone being like, let's get, let's get so complicated into like our sex acts that we get, that we play with bondage in a park, maybe at home, but not in a park. Not In a park. And also, in my opinion, the way that her clothes were does not sound like she was, she was complicit in what was happening. Totally. Her Shirt and bra up being pulled up to her neck. Yeah. Everything just seems like, I get it. If it's a quickie, you leave your clothes on, pull your skirt off.


Yeah. Fine. You know what I mean? Like, it's that kind of shit. And then being bitten all over, like nothing lines up No. To, to anything being casual sex at all. No, It's violent. Absolutely not. Its Oh, so he's still in prison Then? He's still in prison. Thank God. Yeah. And I think it's, I don't know. It makes me happy that people were protesting, but I think it's a really good thing of when you get fed a story of like rough, the, the whole idea of rough sex was completely a fabrication on his part. And then this fucking newspaper just runs with it. Yeah. So it's like, oh, they, they had rough sex and it went outta control. No, no, no. Yeah. She thought she was gonna have a fun makeout session with the cutest guy in the bar and he fucking killed her.


I Wonder where they got the information they had dated before, because that suggests that she was like, willing, willing. So I wonder if that's even true. Well, or what it means that they like, maybe they went out, you know, on a date. Yeah, Exactly. To me, when it's, when it says like, well they went out before, it's like, well, they had screwed before and they were gonna screw again in the park. So maybe that wasn't true. And yeah, he raped her. Right. Because it sounds like they had had sex before from the information, but that could not be true at all. Well also, you know, what makes me think of is like this, we all like people for superficial reasons at first. So it's like, it's the tall really good looking guy who I'm sure was incredibly charming because he knew how to mix in and blend in to make sure he could fit in with the rich kids.


And so I'm sure it's that thing of like the guy that you love in the bar, but then when shit get goes down and like, it's like they're making out. He can't get hard. It's her fucking fault. Totally. It's that creepy thing where it's like you don't know who people really are until like the shit goes down. Especially if you had coke dick. Yeah. Everyone knows what cop dick is, right? I hope so. That'll Be a very special episode. I hope people who listen to this know that, because otherwise it's just people that shouldn't be listening to this at all. So that's mine. Wow. I had never heard of that one. Really? I couldn't read when it happened. So maybe that was kept away from me.


Yeah, probably. Yeah. And it's so, you know, they made it as sorted as Possible. Yeah. God, that's so off. Who? Okay. That was some real life eighties bullshit right there. I mean obviously we were new at this 'cause I sang Cyndi Lauper. Yeah. You not, you're not allowed to Do that. No, we don't do it like that anymore. You Cer you certainly cannot do that. No. Yeah. This is an awful case. Obviously. I said it in the episode. Robert Chambers went to prison for first degree manslaughter. He was released in 2003. He served the whole sentence, then he went back to prison on a drug charge and an assault conviction unrelated to the case.


He was released from prison in July of 2023 at the age of 56. He served 15 years on that drug charge and assault conviction. And he's going to remain under strict parole guidelines until at least 2028. This case is so upsetting the way they dragged her name in the press and made it, you know, it's one of those. But look at this bright young man and his future And meanwhile that she started to talk about basically her reputation. Yeah. Like it's so craven. I will use that word. Totally. It's disgusting. And that idea that you're gonna both sides rape and strangulation right.


Is just like, sorry, what are you doing? The, like We were having consensual rough sex in the park. Excuse is so in the middle of the fucking night. You know, it's just so absurd. It's worth an argument. It's worth kind of saying, Hey, as a member of the press, we're not gonna entertain his defense argument. Right. As an actual headline. Totally as truth. Ugh. Yikes. Horrifying. Oh, the eighties. I mean it's, it's just weird. And I think there's young people today, they just don't understand where we've come from. They don't like that idea where that was normal to us. That was seeing things like that in the media where it's like, well, but what did she do to deserve it Totally.


Was absolutely the way we grew up. Yeah, absolutely. What was she wearing? If you don't do this, you won't be like that too. Yeah. So make sure you're, whatever the way, you know, an innocent quote person would act and you'll be fine. And That it just went unquestion for years. Yeah. It's like that's what we came up on. It's just, especially seeing it in the light of day now. It's so gross. Yeah. It's reprehensible. It's Okay. Now we're gonna listen to Georgia's story about this story Drives me insane. I know. Like, I hadn't heard of this story until I found it on the Facebook group and now I hear about it all the time. Thankfully I just couldn't believe how under the radar it was as someone who's interested in true crime that I had never heard about it.


And it's, it needs to be solved 'cause and it needs to be talked about more. Yeah. It's still not solved. Yeah. So, All right, let's listen to Georgia's story about the Ty murders in Cabin 28.


If you're a small business owner, you know that every sale counts. And with Shopify's point of sale system, you can seamlessly manage your in-store and online sales. Turn your sales into Shopify's point of sale system is a unified command center for your retail business. Imagine being able to guarantee that shopping is always convenient with features like endless aisle shipped to customer buy online and pick up in store. Shopify POS makes it simple for customers to shop how and where they want. Plus, your staff will have the tools they need to close the sale every time. And let's face it, acquiring new customers is expensive. With Shopify POS, you can keep existing shoppers coming back with consistent tailored experiences and first party data that will give your marketing team a competitive edge. Want more? Check out shopify.com/murder, all lowercase, and learn how to create the best retail experiences without complexity. That's shopify.com/murder. Happy shopping. Goodbye.


Well actually, so my murder from the 1980s is one that I hadn't heard about until the Facebook group talked about it. Ooh, you know about it, but I had, I had never heard of this one and it's so intense and fucked up that I wanted to talk about it in case other people hadn't heard it too. 'cause I wanna ruin, ruin everyone's life. Yeah. Yeah. I'm so excited. And I. Guess there's like fucked up photos online that you could see of the crime scene with bodies ones. I saw the bodies are like blacked out, but you can see certain things about it too. And, I guess the photos are really troubling and I'm shocked that I didn't click on it. Yes. Do you mind if I guess, yes. Is it Cabin 23, the K murders? It sure is. Fuck yes. I only know very little.


It's Cabin 28. Oh see, I, I don't know that much, but I love this one 'cause it's so fucking weird and mysterious. And it's not that far from you, from your hometown, right? It is. Well it's, it's hours in, but it's like, it's, it's central California. Okay. Which is a very weird area. Yeah. Northern central California is like no man's land. Totally. Totally. It, I mean it's, it's back for California. It's backwoods. Yes. Which is, so surprisingly, you, you come to LA and you go to San Francisco and you, you know, you and all these little towns and you don't think it's like that, but then you that, Nope. Yeah. There's a lot of little towns, little mining towns and such where people just stayed and cooked meth.


That's exactly right. It's like bikers and drugs. Yeah. Essentially. Please don't kill us. There's definitely good bikers out there. There's very good bikers out there for sure. I'm just making sure that, okay. Alright. So the Kedi murders, K-E-D-D-I-E. It's an unsolved 1981 American quadruple homicide that occurred in Kedi, California at, which was a former resort town in the foothills of California's Sierra Nevada. And so it was kind of, it seemed like this little lake or this little forested area with cabins, a bunch of cabins. This, the murder took place in Cabin 28 during the late evening of April 11th, 1981, or the early morning of the 12th.


So there were three victims. As I said, the, the first one was Sue, her name was Glenna Sue Sharp, and she was 36. And her son John, who was 15, and John's friend Dana Wingate, who was 17. And at some, some point after the crime, it was realized that Sue's daughter Tina, who was 12, was missing. So what happened with Sue sharpen her five children had been rent the renting the cabin since November, 1980. And on the night of April 11th, it's so complicated because Sue is home with her two youngest boys were little kids and a friend of their, of theirs named Justin was staying the night. So there were three little kids in the back bedroom.


Three boys. And this is a tiny cabin. You can see pictures online of the crime scene and what a small cabin it was. And Tina came home, their oldest sue's oldest daughter stayed at the cabin next door, which is always like, you know, like the chances man. Yes. You know, and Tina, the, the 12-year-old was wanting to stay with them and they were like, no, we want, you know, we're the older girls, we wanna be alone. Which like gave the guilt that she must have carried with her the worst for the older sister for the rest of her life. So it's 10:00 PM and the next morning, the older sister Sheila comes home and finds Sue and her brother and her brothers spent Dana just brutally murdered, brutally murdered.


Let's see. They had all, all three victims had been bound with medical tape and electrical appliance wire. Over 22 feet of medical tape, a varying widths were found on the bodies. And there was no medical tape in the house. So it came from somewhere else. The bodies had been bludgeoned with hammers, two distinct size hammers. So two different hammers. And Sue and John have been stabbed repeatedly, including stab wound, stab wounds to the throat, which is like Ooh fuck stab ness. Man. Is that gonna be a inspirational No, it is to me like stab stab in the head and neck is like, because how long does it take to die from a stab Wound dude, I don't know.


But that, it just makes me think of my favorite show I survived. And there are people who talk about being stabbed in the head and it actually isn't so bad for the person because there aren't that many nerves in your head. But, but of course it is. I mean, I'm, that's a terrible thing to say. No, not bad, but I mean like, but yeah, it ho it's horrifying. Just being stabbed is horrifying. I know a guy who got his, his fucking throat slit and survived. I wanna meet that person. He Was at the beach with his friends and some like fucking psycho, like meth head got in a fight with him and he was walking away and the guy came up behind him and fuck, he has like a gnarly, like, tried to kill him. Whoa. Slice.


Guys, can we just say this right now? Don't do meth. Abso fucking, literally, Meth is like, is basically meth is like devil powder. It's Boiling. It's like boiling your brain. Yeah. And all your, your fucking logical thinking. It's Not good If you're, if you have a temper to begin with, it's just gonna Fucking Coke too. Don't snort shit. Yeah, no, don't snort it. But, but meth. I have a friend Dave, who was on meth for years and he couldn't get off of it because it's insanely cheap and it's highly addictive. And yet it's, there's, there's shit in it that is, you should never be in the human body. No. Terrible. Oh my god. Trash in it. We Do not condone meth on this podcast. Apps of fucking literally not, no way.


We don't condone murder either, even for our own entertainment. Please. Nope. We're against it. Yeah. This, we do wanna discuss it though. We do. But if you guys murder someone and like you blame it on my favorite murder, we will not talk about it. Let's just agree that right now. Yeah. You Won't get famous on this. No, we will not talk about it. That's good. We should have said that in the beginning. If this is somehow tied to the Facebook group to fuck if you guys, they keep wanting to have meetups. Oh, We're Not gonna, we will have nothing to do with that. We're not gonna talk about, we don't, I don't condone a meetup from my favorite murder group unless it's going to a live show that we're doing. Ugh. And even then, please don't murder us guys. Please be, just be careful.


Oh my God. Be careful. Don't get stabbed in the head. Anyway. Keep going. Anyways. Stabbed in the head. Wait, Actually that, like, that going off like that is a little meth of us. Yeah. Which part? How we just didn't went down that path for So long. Well, we both had like three cups of coffee. Yeah, that's very true. We had lunch. We both, I had a lot of coffee. So found near John's body was a flimsy table knife and a bloody hammer. Seven inch butcher knife was, was found nearby as well. Fuck man. Seven inch butcher knife. Examination of the body is determine that each of the victims had been bludgeoned with, I already said all that. Stab wounds to the throat.


Dana, the boy who wasn't the, who was the friend, was manually strangled to death and bludgeoned with another weapon while Sue was bludgeoned with a rifle brought by the killers. Ugh. Which is such a weird one. Pellet from that rifle, fired from the rifle along with several pieces of the barrel sites. I don't know what that is. I can imagine were removed from the scene, but the rifle itself is never recovered. The barrel sites are the little things that stick up that help you aim at the, at the end of the barrel when you're shooting. Are you a murderer? No. Country. It's just, that's like BB gun, you know, like I'm impressed. Rifle stuff. I didn't, I think I'm right.


I'm pretty sure it could Be wrong. I believe it. Don don't correct us. That's our new thing. We never wanna be corrected. Don't Correct us. It's gonna be in the back of the shirts we make If we're wrong. Let it be. Yeah. Don't be a knowit off. A bloody knife is also found among evidence found in the trap. Okay. So, so basically the cops completely ed this investigation. So Tina is missing. She's the 12-year-old girl, which they didn't realize right away. And 'cause the whole fucking family's dead. Right? Well, the Three boys in the back are fine and alive and supposedly didn't hear anything. Oh. But there's conflicting Oh. Evidence. There's a bloodstain on the door of the kid's room.


Oh, and the, and the, one of the main suspects, his son was one of the kids in the back room, Ooh. So why wouldn't he kill that kid? And it's also, there's also, you know, who, who was the target of this murder and why? And it's thought that Sue the mom was because she knew something maybe about drug making. Maybe she was, you know, that, that one of the prime suspect's wife hated her and didn't know that the boys would be home because I guess they were at a local bar and hitchhiked home and weren't expected to be home. Oh. So this murderer might have come in to either rape her or something and got, and didn't expect Tina, the little 12-year-old girl would be sharing a room with the mom.


So then had to kidnap her. So she's gone, she's found four years, she's found in 1984, her skull and several other bones were recovered in Butte County. And Was that far away? I don't know. But the skull was initially found and they thought it was of a young boy and an anonymous caller called twice and said, it's actually Sue, or it's actually Tina. Ugh. And guess how many tapes they lost of that recording? Both of them. All. All of them. So the anonymous call, no trace of him.


It also is said lose. Oh, it doesn't matter. I know. It's also said that a teacher had an obsession with Tina. So maybe that was the case because she was missing, but they were able to age the skull. She was the same age. She was killed pretty much right away. Oh yeah. So it's not like she was stolen and kid and kidnapped and held, Kept, yeah. Yeah. So she was killed. Let's see. So the boys, okay. The boys were found uninjured. The case group called, let's see. They, they released the original and backup copy of the audio, the anonymous call to an undisclosed member of law enforcement. And they were released to the same person and they disappeared.


Let's see. The murders remain unsolved, although it's active because good old fucking Reddit Yes. Is like on the case. Yeah. And this is where I got a lot of information from including the, the main suspects, which is Martin Smart and his friend John Bo bed. B-O-U-B-E-D. Bode Bode. So smart was the next door neighbor who was good friends with the local sheriff, like besties with the local sheriff. Right. Okay. And, and it was smart's stepson who was staying in the cabin, who was the little kid in the back. Oh. And then when he was questioned by law enforce enforcement, he slipped up and said he's quiet enough to where he could have noticed something without me detecting him.


Indicating your stepson was a quiet kid that might have been, might might have seen you at a murder scene. Right. Yeah. And then those other kids, that little, the little other little kids terrified. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh my God. Right. Let's see. And then Bo Bo Edie had FBI connections and was federally prosecuted because some of organized crime shit. So this guy was this fucking criminal as well. And it's like, I was reading this shit and there are so many criminals that were in this town. Yeah. That it was like a multitude of suspects could have been e even, let's see, hold on. Let's see. There were questions, circumstantial evidence, but they're reopening the case.


Oh. But they've both died of national natural causes since then. Those Two suspects. Yeah. Which is like such a bummer that when, when, when the main suspects die. Yeah. And even when they keep searching and, and like come to the conclusion, it's just, it's such a bummer. Well, what's super weird to me is usually when people get killed because they find out something they're not supposed to know about, say a case or a drug deal or whatever. You don't get bludgeoned and, and stabbed a bunch of times. That's personal. That's true. And so Sue's body was tied up in a way that was super sexual, but she wasn't raped. She was basically found naked from the waist down, splayed open in a humiliating manner.


Oh. Which is like, it's almost like the wanting the person who finds them to be, you know, freak the fuck out. Yeah. Luckily The, and you degrade her. Right. Luckily the older sister was smart enough to, to make the little boys in the back room come out of the window so they didn't have to see the scene. And the other thing is the kid, the kid who, who wasn't part of the family, his head was placed on like a pillow. So it's almost like they were taking care of him as if they knew him. And he, and he wasn't killed in the same manner that the other kids were killed. Like he was basically just a witness and had to Go. Right.


So maybe they were, you know, it sounds like someone was pissed off at this woman and this family and fucking sent some kind of message to whom? I don't know. It's also said that there's a, so there's a sketch of a suspect that I think one of the kids drew because they did say they saw someone or one of the kids. And it looks a lot like, it's very similar to being and like, and, and they lived about four hours south of Ty, which is of course the big serial killers. And if you look at the sketch online, it fucking looks like them. Apparently Ing was might, Charles Ang might have been in prison at the time. Although it's kind of unclear. Wait, The, it's a sketch of one person or two people.


I can't really tell it. It's, it might be a sketch of one person in two different looks. Oh, I see. But it does definitely look like Lake. What was Lake's first name? Leonard Lake. Leonard Lake. Thank you. My Lord. So I Was so proud that I just Thought of that. I know. I'm really impressed with you. Never remember anything. I don't either. Perfect. For having podcasts, right? Sure. So in the, in the, in this past couple months, the Plumas County Sheriff Greg Haggard has said, we're arriving at points where we're going to to be taking some next steps in the case. And they're crediting Reddit. Yes. They're like straight up. Oh, I love that. It's because these fucking people who become obsessed with the case and are like dissecting it completely, it's pretty amazing.


Beautiful. They tore down the cabin recently because people were just like fucking going there all the time. Hegwood said there are people, some still living in the county who know what happened and were possibly involved whether directly or after the fact. And circumstantial evidence was never enough to charge these two guys that, that everyone thinks did it. And so, so Dana Wingate, the kid who was a friend who came over, was not killed in the same fashion as the other two. He was beaten but not stabbed. He was strangled and was made comfortable by receiving a cushion from the couch to rest his head on prior to the execution. And you can see photos where like his head is blacked out, but you can see that his head is on a fucking pillow and they're all like next to each other too.


Which is so awful to see each other die that way. Yeah. Okay. So the last thing I wanna say about this is that, so John and Dana, the two boys who were killed, the two men who were killed were last seen walking along State Route 70 near Quincy. So they were on their way home and the crime may have already been in progress when they arrived at home. So I Feel, like Sue was the target, whether it was for rape or some kind of revenge or something like that. I think maybe she wasn't even supposed to get killed. So it sounds to me like it was a botched And then they walked in and the whole thing turned into like Right. Some Kind of a, like a fight where then they had to kill everybody.


Yeah. It sounds like it. Except for the kids in the back who maybe was one of the suspect's. Kid stepson fucked up. Fucked up. Oh. And someone on Reddit wrote catty, holds many skeletons in its closet. There were in 1981, so many potential perps in town that you could have stood in the main street, thrown a dart with your eyes closed and hit one. The sharp family were in this idyllic little resort town surrounded by child busters, drug runners, professional criminals, corrupt cops and businessmen. Habitual transient, and at least one known serial killer. Fuck. I know. Who's the known serial killer? Do you know? I, I dunno. I Love that. I know I had his name, but I had never heard of him.


And, I forgot to look him up because That's incredible. I know. It's So, because it makes me think that they're reopening it now. Not of course because of the Reddit thing. I love the way this is like, people are just be like, fine, if you're not gonna solve it, we're gonna fucking solve it. Yeah. And everyone keeps coming to the same conclusion. Yeah. That's amazing. But also if it was an inside job or if it was some kind of like corrupt cop situation. Yeah. Those people, it's like their power is gone. And so though there's like new blood that's like, yeah, we can't have this just sitting and being like defining our town. Well Actually the main, the new sheriff was around back then. He initially got fired before the murders because he said something inflammatory against the then sheriff who was like, you're outta here.


But then when he got back on, on the was reinstated, they for forbid, forbade him from, from researching this case. Huh. So now that's weird. Yeah. Now that he's the sheriff, he's like super fucking into it. It is on and it's on. I wonder how much evidence is missing. Be like those tapes, like I wonder how much people fucked with it. Yeah. How hard it's gonna be. You know what I mean? Well the fact that the main, that's so frustrating. The main suspect was one of the sheriff's like best buds. And, and, and evidence got lost says so much about it. Yeah. Very suspicious. Yeah. Evidence doesn't just get lost.


Right. You know how I first found out about this murder and it surprised me because it is in California. Although it really is like a different state. Totally. That that part of California is like there just No one lives up there and then the people that do are the people who are trying to get away. Absolutely. Essentially. But did you ever see the movie The Strangers? Oh it's based on that. Well That's what they say. But they were like, 'cause the Strangers was billed as a true story. But then when I, after I saw The Strangers, I was like, that was so fucking crazy. Yeah. What's the true story? And they're basically like the Manson murders in the Ty Cabin murders. So I didn't, I never saw that movie. It's not similar at all. Well it's just people killing other people for no reason.


Oh. Essentially it's the loosest version of it based on a true story. Well There is a documentary about this murder that came out in 2004 that I think it was some kind of teacher was teaching his kids how to make a documentary. And someone suggested this murder and the guy, the teacher got obsessed with it. So I guess there's a pretty good documentary online. You've probably find it on YouTube. Oh, I see. I think it's called Cabin 28. Kevin 28. And it's just all the details of the murder. Love It. Yeah. I'll watch that. Yeah, this was a good one. This was fun. I liked this one A lot. What should our next theme be? We should pick it at the end of every episode. Do You think? Let's do the nineties. Let's Just go through the net. I honestly, yeah, let's do the nineties. Should we? Yeah. Okay, great. Because I found A lot of good ones and every time I saw what year, which one, I was like, Dammit.


I, that actually happened to me too. It was always like either the seventies or the nineties when I was looking, okay, Let's do the nineties this time and then maybe we can do some the seventies next time. I wonder if there was like in the nineties there was some, oh, I was just gonna say if there was a rave murder or a Jono Jeans murder and we both know there was Whoa. Yeah, There was an that amazing Michael, is it Sig Murder? Yeah. That was crazy. Party Monster is a good Movie. Party Monster is a great movie that's based on that. I'm sure everyone has seen it. That's a fucking, that's listening to this. But oh my God. It's Dark, real dark. I went to raves in war JCOs. So Dude, it's just, once again, it brings, I hate to be like, I don't wanna sound like the church leader or anything because I've done plenty of drugs in my life, but they really are No one talks about how it's like, oh, pot is the gateway drug to, you know, harder drugs.


No it's not. But harder drugs are the gateway drug to murder. They really are. Yeah. I don't think, I'm not gonna say this 'cause it's not true, but no one's, no one's fucking killed anyone on pot. That's not true at all. Yeah, I'm sure it's, that's But you know what it is? It's like someone's car just strangely listed over into, you know, like a guy riding a bike or something. It's just purely from being out Of it. Did you hear that? They just pulled two cars from like the fifties and sixties out of a lake and six people were found total. And they were like missing people. No. And they, these are my favorite. Yeah. Altogether. No, their cars were side by side, but they were like years apart that they just drove into this lake and they pulled these two cars out.


You can see the resting remains of these cars online. Do you remember what city or what state? I wanna say Michigan. 'cause everything happens in Michigan, but that could be totally wrong. Could be Ohio. Everything happens in Ohio. Everything. Oh wait. Which reminds me, this is my favorite thing I read on the Facebook page and so everyone else probably already read it, but I just wanna say this 'cause it's so fucking awesome. So there have been all these bodies washing up in this small town in Ohio. Yeah. In the Rust Belt. Yep. And there's a bunch of articles about it. There was a guy who posted my hometown murder. 'cause I think that's probably where he is from. And then someone did an update, which is an article from Jezebel about how a sex worker in Las Vegas shot a guy that was trying to murder her. He should have. And she killed him. And it turned out he had a full on murder kit in his car.


He had no money to pay her. He had bleach, he had handcuffs, he had all this, all this stuff. There was no way, it wasn't a murder kit. He had done it before. He had done it before. He had told her he was going to jail for a very long time right before he thought he was gonna kill her. And he had been a security guarded Hoover dam, which creeped me out for some reason so badly. It's because when people are in some kind of power or authority, you, you trust them. Yeah. But they think that this guy might be connected to those rust belt murders because he has been in both places. Oh. Or at least they're like thinking that if he wasn't connected to that, he's definitely killed people before.


And So, and she grabbed his gun in some kind of tussle, right? Yep. He was strangling her and she got his gun away from him and shot him dead. Good For her. Fuck yeah. Listen, if you're gonna fight back, you gotta shoot to kill. Do it. He's gonna kill you. I think about that often. Like if I had the chance to, if I had that chance, I would shoot someone in the fucking head. I wouldn't shoot them in the leg and debilitate them. Also, It would be very difficult if you were not a trained professional. Right. To then be like, here's how I'm gonna incapacitate this person. It's like someone's trying to kill you. You try to kill them. That's just like, Well Karen know how to use a gun, so don't fucking come after her. Apparently. I just learned that today. Yeah.


Every podcast, I'm gonna reveal a little bit more and then it's gonna turn out that I too am a serial killer. I be like, what if you killed me? Oh, you know the safety that you just slip. Flip the safety off. What If in our hundredth episode you murder me I Feel. like it would be a great ending. I don't see what the problem is. Let's say 200. Okay. Okay. Or two 50. Okay. Alright, we have to finish. Okay. Thanks for listening you guys. Facebook, Twitter, This and that. You know where to find Us. Thanks for being there. Thanks for Listening. Okay. Bye. Stay sexy, Karen. Stay sexy. Don't get murdered. I think this is a very, like you And I being honest about drugs and alcohol and the actual experience that we had.


That kind of thing of like, don't do meth. Yeah. Don't do meth. Take it From us. Don't do meth. Don't Do it. Just don't do it is, I mean, yeah. I don't know. Added To the list of things we just didn't know we were doing. Right. Yeah. Innocent. But it's like, what if us talking about that's gonna help a 13-year-old not do it? I hope so. All right. Well 13. God. I know. I know. So young. So unfortunately there's no updates on this case. And. I think that the investigation was so bungled that like there's just not a lot of, there's, it's just, yeah, I wish it would be solved. It seems like everyone kind of knows who did it, but I don't think that'll ever be, I don't even think they'll be brought to justice, unfortunately.


You mean 'cause like the people in the town? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I think it's clear when you tell, like when you read about the story, who did it? Yeah. Who had motive, who had opportunity, who had means it's like clear. Right. But yeah, who knows? Gotta have that evidence. Yeah. Gotta have it. Because also sometimes it's clear and then that isn't the person. Right. That's a very good point. Yes. Which is like, it's almost And. I. Don't know what qualifies as like a mass murder. I'm sure there's a very specific number. Yeah. But it's killing so many people. Yeah. It's just why And Children. Horr awful. And also you mentioned in which this is also very fascinating. Erin pointed out that in the show you mentioned that there was a serial killer up there at the time, right.


People were saying, but No one knows who that serial killer is. I do. It's Leonard Lake. So he was just like, he lived up there. I don't know if he, I, I know he was up there at some point. And then one of the kids drew a sketch of the killer and it looked like Leonard Lake. Oh, okay. All right. Well so should we get to what the title would be? I mean, Thirteen Going on Murdy. It's pretty hard to top that, right? It is. It's tough. But you know, that's a professional sitcom writer, so Yeah, Totally. There's pink triangles and light blue dots, which was me explaining what the eighties were like. That's exactly it. It really was. And then appetizer Happy hour, which is you saying that before we get into the main course of the show, we talk about the tabloid and all that stuff.


It's the appetizer, happy hour. Two of my favorite fucking things in one for real. You know, I think Owen still wins. Yeah. I don't throw one gonna top it. They Just can't. Well, thanks for listening to this episode of Rewind, you guys. We really appreciate you listening and enjoying if you do. Yeah. Come back every Wednesday. Yeah. And if you want to walk down memory lane with us, this is basically what we do. And sometimes there are case updates. This is just yes. A bad combination of not really, but there's always things to look back on. There is, if you feel like it, give us a fucking five stars or rate, review, subscribe, whatever. We appreciate you, however You feel at this moment in time.


Yeah. And other than that, stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Goodbye day. Elvis. Do you want a cookie?