
This is exactly right. Hello. Hello Karen and Georgia here with Breaking News. In addition to our regular weekly podcasters, my favorite murder is now doing a new third episode, and it's called Rewind. with Karen and Georgia, We re-listen to our earliest episodes and share favorite moments, talk about the lessons we've learned along the way, and give important case updates. So whether you're a day one listener or a brand new Marino, join us as we rewind to the very beginning. Rewind with Karen and Georgia is available now wherever you get your podcasts. Goodbye.


Hello, Hello And. Welcome To Rewind Rewind with Karen and George, we're supposed to say that part together. I don't Know. We could, oh, we're doing it all over again. We have not fixed a thing's the take 30 seven's point of this. Yeah. Show. Damn you people. So obviously the whole point of this is we're going back in time to revisit old episodes and we of course now have all new commentary on our favorite moments, things that we wanna correct, things that, you know, case updates, all that stuff. And we'll talk about everything that's changed along the way and reflect on the way things haven't changed.


Yeah. Too. So, gather up your favorite pet groomer and crabby barista and artisanal Baker and gather them around as we have a re-listening party and we can all be day one listeners together. Yay. We are rewinding back to episode four of my favorite Murder that came out on February 11th, 2016. I mean, where were you on February 11th, 2016 before this podcast recording? Oh, no, I was, well we were in my old apartment and I, guess the notes here say that I had just gotten new couches in my apartment. So apparently that's a conversation that we're having there.


And I remember them, there were these gray bouncy ones that I had just bought for like maybe 150 bucks off the super pregnant woman off Craigslist. Oh. And they, I was like really proud of them. They looked so grown up and Yeah, they were nice. Yeah, they were really cool. Yeah. And I think they didn't squeak like the other ones did. Yeah. I think they were, I think that's why I got, That just reminded me though. I was like, I'm complaining about the couch squeaking. But that was back in my era where I used to shake the microphone all the time. Right. And so people, literally, listeners were writing in and being like, you have to stop moving the microphone, because We didn't have stands. We were holding the microphones. Yeah. And like laying on couches.


Yeah. One of my favorite facts that was found out about episode four is that this was a Naughty Weekly podcast at the time. There was a 12 day gap between episode three and episode four. And it says in the notes someone wrote, do you remember why I mean life? I had two jobs. You Had two jobs. We kind of didn't know what we were doing. We also didn't know it mattered that much. Yeah. No, the, the whole monetization element, the business part, none of that was in play. No. At all. I remember once, like before this, I found out that someone I knew paid their rent with podcasting.


And I was shocked to hear that they were rent was like a thousand dollars a month in their apartment. And I was like, are you fucking kidding me? Yeah. How? That's amazing. Right. And I can say, in fact, there's a line I say in this podcast episode that says that I joke about how I can't write off these couches I just bought because podcasting is not a moneymaking venture. Everyone don't quit your job. And you said you never know. A rare moment of optimism and positivity coming outta my mouth. Yeah, it totally is. Like, yeah. It's wild. Yeah. So this was just a, this was just love and then real jobs were actually happening too. Yeah, We were, we were making the time.


We were, we were trying definitely. I was trying to do a Shonda Rhimes year of Yes. Type of thing where I was just like, I don't like anything else in my life. I better do something. Yeah. Oh God. Yeah. I was really unhappy as well at the time. It Was rough. Yeah. It was a weird, rough era. Yeah. I, it definitely felt like a pivotal moment in that I needed to start something new that felt good. That wasn't about, you know, money moneymaking or anything like that was just about fun. Yes. And this is, this was like a, like a lifesaver for me in a lot of ways. Aw. Yeah. Well, Me Too. 'cause my, my life was dark. It was dark Shit. Yeah. But also, yes, that's, it was that kind of thing of like, after we talked at that party and then had lunch, it was that kind of thing of like, yeah, I just wanna talk about this and I don't wanna feel bad for talking about it.


Yeah. I wanna talk to somebody that knows what I'm talking about so that we can go Oh my God, whatever. And like that alone, I think is a, is that was a dot that had not been connected for most true crime. Right. Listeners or true crime fans. Yeah. It was very professional until these, these amateurs came around, everybody Had to keep it to themselves. And then suddenly it was the great unleashing of, yeah, we wanna talk about this too. Definitely. Oh, this was the first episode where we did Recommendations Corner. Oh yeah. Which is kind of great. It's not like we were like, oh, we have a big audience. We, we need to recommend some things. We were like, Hey, do what we say from day one.


All right. So here is the intro from episode four. That's Karen. I'm Georgia. That's Georgia. Two girls, one murder, Obsessed with true crime. Both of us With bad things, Bad things happening. We love it. We wanna know all about it. So it'll never happen to us. And it turns out so do a lot of other people. Yeah. Because lots of people have been telling us about how much they like it. I, we've got, we got a lot of emails from the last episodes of people telling us their town murders, which I love and like so exciting. And we haven't read them yet because we wanna surprise each other with it. Yes. But so many, I, I would look at the first line in Gmail and it would say like these little things because I'm fucking curious and I wanna know what they say.


Yeah. But so many people, like I didn't, I'm so, I was always so embarrassed that this is a thing that I was into, which I'm like, what? Trying talk to everyone about It. I know. Well that's how, that's how I felt when I was younger. Yeah. Like that I was like crazy Or something. Or people would think that you wanted to murder people. Right. Exactly. And then the second I started doing standup and every other standup comic knew every serial killer backwards and forwards. I was like, oh, I get it. I wonder what it is. Ans anxious people. Yeah. It's that Probably. And it's so fascinating. Yeah. It's like the worst of humanity. Yeah. I wonder if it's a little OCDish too where you're like, I need to know everything about this now. Yeah. And everything that's related to it.


Yeah. Please help. Help me prepare for when I run face to face Right. Into John Wayne Gacy. Because Now you and I are gonna be able to fucking beat up any serial killer murderer. I found a new podcast, not new, it's really old, but they talk about murders and stuff a lot and I, maybe I shouldn't plug it 'cause then it's like, go ahead. No, it's really good. It's called Have You Thinking Sideways podcast. No, I've never heard of that. It's Like Girl and Su dudes and they just talk about like weird shit. And a lot of it is murder. It's great. I like it. I started listening to Joe DeRosa and Pat Walsh's podcast. I'll see You in Hell. Oh my God, which, 'cause I had to drive home from San Francisco yesterday. It's six hours. So I listen to many and it was really hilarious. I recommend that.


What Do they talk about? They talk about horror Movies. They put on a horror movie and, but then they just talk over it. You can't hear it or anything. They just tell you what movie it is and they talk about it incidentally as they have conversations, it sounds Like it shouldn't work, but I bet it's fucking great. Well It's so great because they both have these insane, comprehensive, encyclopedic cumul much of movies. Right. So any tangent they go on, they know exactly who and what they're talking about. Which of course was a real sore spot for me. Yeah. As I, anytime I bring up a subject, I'm like, you know that thing that happened that time? Hold on, hold on. Well you Need like the right person to fill in the blank. The blanks. Yes. And you're just like, oh, this is why I'm friends with you is because you, you like, I was just rambling and you were and you filled it in.


And that's the best. That's what we do. Right? It's totally what we do. Oh, I was gonna make you say the last part didn't work. I guess I'm not good at that part. It's on This podcast. It's, I do. Thank you. Thank you. I am really excited audience because Georgia got new couches and when I was listening to our first episode, there's a sound in the background at the entire time. I didn't know that it's me squeaking on my couch. Like I'm just constantly moving around. Oh, It was a leather couch. It was making me laugh so hard. I Oh God. I didn't would notice That. So that's, but no, it's all cleared up. I got these for podcasting so that they don't make background noise in podcasting. Perfect. Podcasting Couch Can write them off.


Wait, not that I make any money on podcasting. This is not a money making venture. Everyone. Don't quit your job. You never know. You don't ever know. You don't ever know. You don't ever know. Like getting murdered. Yep. Should we jump into it or should we talk about making a murder? Have you been reading all the Making A Murderer theories? Well, the natural backlashes happen. Yeah. Pretty sure he's guilty now. Are you? I'm pretty sure he's guilty now. Are you really? Yes. I think that's very adult of you to be able to change positions. Yeah. Freely Doesn't Feel Good. Well look, see that. Here's the thing, and this is the, this is the one thing I agree with in general.


I think he's innocent and I think very bad things are happening in that state. I think people, there's a natural backlash when you get kind of spoonfed and ans not an answer, but like a villain and like here's, here's really what happened. And they're leaving just enough pieces free so you can put the mystery together yourself. Yeah. And then everyone thinks they got it and they're on it. Well yeah. So there's always the hot take of like, no, Actually. Right. Because everyone wants to know details. Right. But that's the problem is the people who are looking up details are like, oh, this documentary was really one-sided and you guys left so much shit out. Which makes me suspect of you. Yeah. And suspect of your, your conclusion God Making a Murderer was just as big of a thing.


It it was on par with the staircase. Yeah. Like there was really, it was like boom, boom, boom with those HBO documentaries. They were good. And then Serial of course like huge fucking shout out to the podcast Serial of course. Where like, I just don't think that this would exist without it. No, no, no. So that was going on. People were like suddenly realizing that there is a big interest in true crime. So in episode four, I go first and tell a story that it is truly still in my top five worst, most upsetting stories. And there's a documentary called Crapsy that that was made about this story. That's amazing.


And please go watch it and rent it. I think we talk about it, the story like this is one of those onion layer stories where it just keeps, it starts bad and gets worse. Yeah. And then gets crazy And then you're like, what are we even talking about? Yeah. It's straight horror. It's like what horror stories are based on Yes. Truly. And the original I mean I'm, there's definitely documentaries about the exposure of Willowbrook Hospital. Yes. And all of that, that story in and of itself. But then this, this wrinkle of this statin island local serial killer child molester, like so horrifying. And this is a person who had been arrested for attempted rape and he was driving a school bus.


Yeah. That's what it was like back, back then. Truly like Just illogically bad. Yeah. So here is Karen telling you the story of Cropp. Wow.


This podcasters sponsored in part by MIDI Health. As I've gotten older, one of the biggest lessons I've learned is to speak up when something is wrong. That's right. It's all about advocating for yourself. This is Especially true as you navigate your health during menopause or perimenopause. Hormonal transition is a normal part of aging. But that doesn't mean you have to suffer through symptoms like insomnia or hot flashes. MIDI Health understands what you're going through and connects you to experts in menopausal care. If you've never heard of Menopausal care, that might be because 75% of women who seek clinical support don't receive treatment. Ugh. Committee Health is the only virtual care clinic for women. Navigating midlife hormonal transition. Mid health provides the support you need and deserve from FDA approved medications to lifestyle coaching and health guidance. All mid health services are covered by insurance and can be accessed through telehealth visits and 24 7 direct messaging. Your body changes in midlife and so should your healthcare. If you're over 40, you deserve to feel great. So visit MIDI Health book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com. Goodbye.


Over 25 years ago, on September 29th, 1998, we watched a brainy girl with curly hair drop everything to follow a guy she only kind of knew all the way to college. And so began Felicity. My name is Juliette Lipman and I'm a Felicity Super fan. Join me Amanda Foreman, who you may know better as Megan the roommate and Greg Gruberg, who you may also know as Sean Blumberg as the three of us. Revisit our favorite moments from the show and talk to the people who help shape it. Listen to Dear Felicity on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Karen. Hey. What's your favorite murder? Well, I thought it would be good that I would do a little damage control since on our last episode I was so, I like sloppy and inaccurate talking about crops. That was one of the ones where we were literally guessing what the name of the thing was. I was trying to talk about. We've Let everyone know that this is not an official report of anything that's happened. We're not doctors. You're Looking in the wrong place. If that's, we're not therapists, but the story has all of the elements of murder. You know creeper. Yeah. Urban legend story. Everything. I love. It's got a mental hospital.


Yeah. It's got the woods. It's Almost like that's you. That's too much. If someone had written this Thing. Yeah. It's like you can pick one or the other, but you can't have a mental hospital in the woods. It's crazy. Crazy. I Haven't seen it so long. Tell me everything. Okay, So this is the story of was an urban legend on Staten Island. And it was, there was a hospital named Willow Brook and it is a hospital for mentally challenged children. And they built it in say like the early forties. And it is on Staten Island in the set in the woods. And it's already creepy as fuck. It was a state institution and it was built for 4,000 patients.


But by 1965 it had 6,000 Wow children in it. Four. It was built for how many? 4,000. So it was Oh, My, God way over capacity. And and this was back when people used to dump their children. So, and it didn't matter if they had down syndrome or if they were very, very, you know, there was something really wrong with mentally Or they had like cerebral palsy. Yes. And they would just be Like later days, tons of cerebral pals palsy kids were completely intelligent and a hundred percent there just dumped. Oh. And so what ended up happening was, of course, because it's like a state funded hospital. So it's over, it's over overflowing with patients.


What's the word I'm looking for? You Got it. It's good. Go With it. Understaffed, overpopulated. Overpopulated. And so they end up, a reporter finally goes in, when we talked about it on the last episode, I said something really grandiose like Robert Kennedy, shut it down. But Har Geraldo Rivera. Har Geraldo Rivera. So, but Kennedy saw it in the 70 68 and said this is a snake pit and this is a disgrace. And they started doing all these reviews and what had happened was all these children being in this close proximity, they found out it was like they were just in rooms naked being hosed down. Horrible. There was no lighting. It was crazy. And a bunch of 'em started getting hepatitis.


So then they had medical studies where they were testing hepatitis on these children. Right. They're Like, might as well do some fucking scientific Testing. Exactly. And they were basically giving them all hepatitis. They were getting it. It was, so anyway, wait, with all of this, these social workers finally went in there, saw the conditions, they got a reporter in there and that's what led, so a woman started writing exposes for like local newspaper. And then that's how her Geraldo got on the scene. He worked as an investigative reporter for WABC in New York. So he went there and they did, they did an expose story that ended up winning a Peabody Oh. my God. 'cause it was so, and they just Kind of like, they went when their doctors were gone and stuff.


Right. Or the doctors let them In the, so I don't know about the Geraldo part. Okay. I don't know how he got in. But, but the, we talked about this before. When you see the videotape and there is a documentary called Willowbrook. Like it's something like the Great Shame or something like something like that. It's, it gets mentioned a lot in all the research, but he basically went in and like the, the only lighting was the light on the camera's. So creepy. It Looks like, it looks like, like a, a American horror story. Like asylum. Like Totally. It's just exactly what you think it's supposed to be. Like it would be like, like 30 kids in a room naked, sitting on the floor floor, a cement floor rocking back and forth.


And then they talked To one guy and he was like one of the patients and he's like, I have cerebral pal palsy and I am completely mentally functioning on a hundred percent. Yeah. And they Yeah. And I'm trapped in hair. Right. Nightmare. Okay. So, right. So that alone is a nightmare. Terrible terrify. That's Willowbrook nightmare. Okay. Geraldo being in it isn't great, but it ends up they ha it with all that and the expose, they passed legislation, but you know about like the rights of civil, civil rights thing for patients and stuff. All this stuff. Well, so then the urban legend pops up. So they ended up closing it in 1987, but they basically closed it in 72 or four after this expose.


They came out, they shipped all of the patients to all different hospitals around and there was only like 200 patients left. Wow. So it was basically empty. And that's when the urban legends started where it was, there's a mental patient that's still on the grounds. 'cause there's a tunnel system underneath the hospital and he's living in the tunnels at night. He comes out and steals children. And that was the big thing on Staten Island in the eighties. Oh My God. How fucking terrifying to live in Staten Island. Crazy. Right. And so the high school kids, the big thing was go through the woods No. And get to the mental hospital and like touch the wall of it or whatever. Absolutely Not. And cross sies out there with you. So, and there's a great documentary called Crosy. Yeah. Where they go into all this, this, they have all the information that you need if you're fascinated because it's really good and fascinating.


So anyhow, I just imagine like parents in the eighties being like, you'd be good or we're or you a crop, he's gonna come get you. Yeah. In Staten Island. And you're like, well actually that could happen. So anyway, So now, now we're gonna introduce a new character in this story. Okay. And it's a man named Andre Rand. And he was, he's described in one of the pages that I read as a mentally incompetent, convicted sex offender. Sounds Fun. So he's got it all. Yeah. And he was a janitor at Willowbrook from 1966. Six to 1968. Sure. I feel like anyone, you're gonna hire to be a janitor there, you're gonna have to be like, no, you're fired. Because why? Like, you're crazy. Clearly. Yes. So this guy gets the job in 66. Well in 69 he, so he works there from 66 to 68 in 69 he attempts to rape a 9-year-old girl.


And just by chance a cop car is, is driving by. He takes a 9-year-old girl into his car and to a, to an empty lot and takes off his clothes. Her clothes are off. A cop car drives by, he gets calm Sometimes life works well, you know. Yeah. I mean. Yeah. Go on. This is an upside. This is one upside and it's hideous story. He gets sent to four years. He only serves 10 months. You know the, the classic scenario, I hate everything. I know. This is why we have to do this podcasters, because our fucking penal system blows. We get, because we gotta talk about it. We get, we're gonna affect change. Oh clearly by laying on these couches, the Guy would've gotten 11 months if it was today 'cause of us.


So he gets out and then that would be 69 71. In 72, a 9-year-old girl named Alice Ferreira disappears off Staten Island. Then in 19 81, 9 years later, a 7-year-old girl named Holly Ann Hughes goes missing. And the eyewitnesses saw her with Rand. No way. And she's never seen again. And then in 1983, this is, this is a real highlight for me. He picks up 11 children from A-Y-M-C-A in a school bus, takes them to White Castle and then drives them to Newark Airport for five hours.


And when he gets back, he gets arrested for kidnapping. Who The fuck is letting a guy who's been in prison for attempted rape drive a fucking bus of A, a school bus? He's come on the Eighties. He come on, he raped a 9-year-old, tries to rape a 9-year-old and then goes ahead and gets him job driving a school bus the Eighties needs to go to prison for fucking, So this was back before we realized children were constantly in danger. So in 83, an 11-year-old named Tahi Jackson disappears walking to the store. And this is 12 days after Rand is released from Her. I bet he was buying cigarettes for his mom. Like I bet that's what you know. Yeah. That's the Eighties. I think that's what all of it. This is 'cause Staten Island is not that big.


No. And I think it's like run down to the store for mommy. Yeah. And it's probably at one of the girls lived in a motel. Aw. It's bad news. Anyway, okay. So that Was 11 days after he got outta prison for the kidnapping. 12 days. Fuck 12 days. He does that. And that's the same year he did the, so oh, so he did the YMCA school bus trick and then gets outta prison. 12 days later this kid goes missing a girl. It's a girl. And then in 84, oh a a 22-year-old guy who was a really low IQ goes missing. And, and then in 87 a girl named Jennifer Schweiger goes missing and she has down syndrome and several eyewitnesses saw this guy Andre Rand leading her by the hand toward the woods.


I mean that alone, there's your poster for the horror movie. So they start searching for her and after 35 days they find her nude body at a shallow grave on the Willowbrook property. And then a couple feet, you know, several feet away. Andre Rand has a makeshift campsite. Okay. He's been living on the Willowbrook grounds and the whole urban legend is true. And they eventually, they charge him with kidnapping and first degree murder. But they can't make the murder stick for Jennifer Swagger, I think for Two years. No, no, no. They get him for first degree kidnapping and then they bring back, and then once he's in jail for that, he gets like 20 years.


Okay. Then in 2004 they put him on trial for the Holly Hughes disappearance. And he is convicted of kidnapping and he gets, now he's set to get out in 2035 or something like that when he's 95. So he's in, he's in for good. They also linked him to the disappearance of Ethel Atwell and the rape murder of Hinley who are both hollow brook Willowbrook aids. I bet. Oh, Oh my God. That sucks man. He's a beast. And he's, and like it's basically the most fascinating story of that. It all was true. What A bummer to, to go to work and then that they get killed. Like, don't go in the woods, don't walk to the store by yourself, but you're like, I'm just gonna work, Just gonna work just trying to pay my rent.


Oh fuck. So that's, that's crap. Sued. That's A good murder. I just I mean it's, that's what's good about is the, it's the worst thing I've ever heard in my life. You know, that's the, that's the stats on this show is like, what's the worst thing you've ever heard in your life? I mean, don't you want to, why hasn't anyone gone into the tunnels in that hospital and like dug around archeologically and tried to find Karen hundredth episode? Let's fucking do it. We get a school bus full of 11 children and drive them to Staten Island, PayPal Us the money to get plane tickets to Staten Island and to not stay in Staten Island. 'cause fuck that. We're staying in Manhattan. We gotta stay in Manhattan. Yeah. We gotta see Hamilton. Yeah. We gotta go to the go to go to the shoe stores.


Yeah. Then crops And crops we, yeah. Oh brother, I will not walk through those tunnels. My suggestion of our hundredth episode, we take a walk through those crops. Hospital obviously didn't happen. We're aiming for episode 500, now we're Gonna do the episode 1000. Yeah, exactly. Which means never. Yeah. The reason I covered this story in episode four is because in episode two I tried to kind of tell you about it a little bit and did a bad job, which is the recurring theme apparently of my side of this podcast.


Fix it. That's what this podcasters Called Makeup. Makeup for that shit. You did. Yeah. And back then we pick, I think in the very beginning we picked stories. I mean for me and for this next story that I tell that has stuck with me for so long that I haven't been able to talk to anyone about. And that's what's so fun about this podcasters. I finally get to be like, can you believe this happened? And then this happened because I've been keeping it to myself this whole time. Yes. And it's been keeping me up all night and I can't stop thinking about it. So like this is a great way to get that to like exercise those demons. Yeah. We almost I mean. Totally. I did it that way too, where I just went back and was like, where, what are all the times that I've traumatized myself on Wikipedia, late Night late And by myself going, Oh, my God, can You believe this?


How is no one talking About this? Yeah. Yeah. That that was really cathartic. Yeah, cathartic. So as I said in the episode, Andre Rand was only ever convicted on kidnapping charges that involved two children, 12-year-old Jennifer Schweiger, whose shallow grave was found near Rand's campsite. And a missing 7-year-old girl named Holly Ann Hughes. Turns out that Andre Rand is still alive in jail. He'll be eligible for parole in March of 2037 when he's 93. But he's also connected to several unsolved cases and I mentioned a few of them.


So 10-year-old Tais Jackson, 22-year-old Hank Kario, 44-year-old Shin Lee, and 42-year-old Ethel Atwell. but it is suspected Rand is linked to multiple other cases, including cases around the disappearances of multiple children on Staten Island. Oh, my God. Horrifying. So horrifying. Okay. So my story This week is the murder of Michelle Wallace. My source was forensic VIIA season nine, episode four, where I saw this for the first time and just was so blown away by the monster that perpetrated this crime.


And it's just, it's stuck with me for so many years. So here is the story of Michelle Wallace. Wow. Well, well what's interesting about both of ours is that the murderer in question still alive in prison. Oh, still alive. How are these, it's like, isn't it weird that this person, it's like in your mind they're like, oh, they did these awful things that long ago. They're dead. Nope. No live. They had dinner tonight. They watched some tv. They watched some tv. Yeah. They had a conversation with the guard. Perhaps They played some Bones. Probably play bones that what people do in prison. I don't know what bones is. So it's Dominoes. Oh, I've got the, yeah.


What do you think he had for dinner? Something gross chicken Nuggets. Yeah. Yeah. You have dinner you got That's better than what I've had for dinner. And He's a monster. And he's a monster. He's a monster. Speaking of monsters, okay. my favorite murder is that of Michelle Wallace. Michelle with one L. And I remember seeing, I love cold cases. Like that's, I love when murders get solved. Of course. Yeah. But cold cases are my like passion and my dream. I'm passionate for people getting away with shit. 'cause it's just so curious. I'm just so curious. Yeah. But I also like that the an, the answer's never like satisfying. It's always like, that's just some fucking janitor asshole did this to all these people.


That's such a bummer. I want it to be like a monster or something. Okay. So, and I remember watching a cold hiss of this a long time ago and two things that stuck out to me. Okay. She's a 25-year-old photographer. This is 1974. She lives in Chicago. She's like this free spirit photographer and, and she travels the world and taking photos and taking odd jobs and stuff. And she goes to, in 1974, goes to Oregon, spends a couple days in the Rocky Mountains, just take spent taking some photos. I think I've seen this one. Yeah. Is It a forensic files? I think there's a forensic files on it. Okay. She's leaving the Rocky Mountains and she does the classic 1970s.


I wanna get murdered. Move. Do you know what that is? Is it hitchhiking? It's fucking hitchhikers. It's hitch. She picks up hitchhikers. Oh, she picks them up. She Picks up two dudes. Oh no. What? One girl alone picks up two dudes. What? The seventies and eighties they're gonna fucking prison. Yeah. What Did they look like? I wondered that. She was like, this is fine. Yeah. I don't know. Was One really short or something? Listen Short guys are strong. Don't pick up anyone. And they're mad and they're angry. Yeah. So we're gonna get a lot of hate mail for this. No, no, it's fine. I'm short. It's fine. Okay. So she drops one of them off at the bar. This one dude. And then of course she is never seen again.


Then the guy who she dropped off a couple, like finds out this girl's missing and he is like, wait a second. She dropped me off. And then the guy I was with, who I barely knew said, I'm gonna, can you take me to my car, actually? And the, and the guy was like, I didn't think he had a car. So I thought that was strange. So they start looking, his name is Roy. Sorry, the guy that got dropped off at the bar is the one that says That. Yeah. He's like, okay, I didn't think Roy is his name. Had a car. Okay. And he is like, yo, why did you let her leave with him? Fuck. You know, like right there, you could have fucking fixed it. Anyways, Roy meson me. Meson, Melenson should have looked that up before Roy Melenson.


He's a drifter and a convicted rapist. So, but he got out after very short time. Sure. Why? Why keep him in? Why keep, yeah. Why Time now? He knows to kill the person so they can't ID him, you know? Right. It's like, that's how you do that. That's how you Progress. I'm having a panic attack he's found with her driver's license, camping equipment, car keys, and pawn tickets for her camera. And this is one of the my favorite parts that why it stuck with me and I can't fucking find this online now. Some reason it's not up there anymore. The, they find the camera at the pawn shop, the la they developed the film. It's all her photos in the Rocky Mountains. The very last photo is Roy sitting on a bed behind him, laying down as a naked woman.


And it's, it's not her. So he has her cam, you know, it's like, that's the proof. Yep. She, she's missing And you robbed her and you took a photo of yourself. You fucking idiot. And I can't find that photo. I know it was in the forensic files or, or whatever. I Totally remember this episode. Remember episode? Because Yeah. Because it's so freaky, So freaky. And then in 79, so what is that? Five, six years later. Five years later, this is the other part that's really fucked up and is stuck with me. They find just a scalp with two brown haired braids on it. Like a scalp only. Oh. Where they, some hiker found it in near where, near where she had picked up the hitchhikers.


And then so it, it 12 years goes by nobody. This woman Kathy Young, who becomes like the sheriff in town, or I'm sure I'm saying that incorrect. She's not, I'm sure she's much higher up. She hires this, this company called Necro Search. Oh. Which I remember thinking at the time, that's what I wanna do. I wanna work there for a living. Like, I just wanna, I wanna like the name Alone. Volunteer. Yeah. Volunteer. I just wanna vol. I wanna follow them like the Grateful Dead. I wanna be the receptionist at Ne Necros search so I can be like, NARCH can help You. Yeah. What's your pro, what's your emergency Skull and crossbones. Oh my. But they like, they, they like, they have uncovered what they, what they do is they find, and they're really good at uncovering clandestine grave sites.


So it's like you badass motherfuckers Is that, how do they have like a website? They have Like a farm, their website, they have a farm where they like bury pigs, dead pigs and kind of understand the soil changes and like what, you know, what doesn't, what doesn't look right out in the, in nature, what is manmade, what is placed there? These sorts of things. And like what is the decom decomposition of this pile of soil or dirt or like, you know, these, these kinds of things. What has been dug up in the past 10 years even that's different from the soil next to it. Do Animals, scalp people and keep the braids for themselves? Exactly.


Stuff like that. Well, Here's what happened is they took her braids and did some forensic analysis on them and found the leaves of a tree in the, that was in a certain area of that those mountains. So they went there, they spread out on that area where the trees are. Day two, fucking find her bones what was left of them. Wow. I know these guys, they've uncovered over 200 and Oh they've, they've taken on over 235 cases. I don't know how many they've found, but these are the good guys. Necro search. I Love that. I know, I bet at a party we would corner these people and I bet they get kicked out of parties a lot Though.


Oh My God. Yeah. I would never leave a necro searcher alone. No. Can we get, can we have a request if anyone knows a neck researcher to, I think they're in San Francisco, to please have them be on the podcast. I just think that's insanely fascinating. It's almost like having x-ray vision. Like you can look at a forest or a like Totally. What a, you know, a ditch and know what's wrong and what you know, what's off. Absolutely. Well, the woman who found the bones was like, they were all, they were all searching for two days. She goes off the trail to take a piss in the woods, which classic seems think it shouldn't be allowed if you're looking for a Hey, she's still human. Yeah. And she looks, and there's a ray of light flashing on a gold tooth.


Oh, she bins the skull. Oh, that's the, that's the Lord's work. Yeah. And it was, Sorry, this is where my Christian part comes in. This is it. I know. Not, not before she dies when she, when he No, no, no, it doesn't belong there. Well, It's at the bottom of a ravine. So like, someone straight tos person over, like, didn't even, didn't even bury her, Just threw her in, Tossed her over. So they take Roy Melenson to trial. He is found guilty in 93. So she gets killed in 90, in 74. Found guilty in 93 since then. And I didn't know this until I started looking up to it.


He's been convicted for another murder, which happened 50 days before. Michelle's murder in Napa in 1974. Yeah. Woman who was stabbed to death at her bar. She owned. And they found a cigarette butt that had his DNA on it. Oh. Put it through the fucking codis, the most amazing thing in the world. Found a DNA match. Another woman in Louisiana who fucking, ugh, it's gruesome. Which, oh, so he's done it multiple times. Yeah. At least twice that they know of through DNA. But they're not, they're not taking the third one to trial because it's too expensive to do all these things for, which sucks for that family.


Yes. You know, But they know it's him. Yeah. This now they know it's him, But he's gonna go to jail anyway. So their, their rationale is he's there. Right. Which is why Napa took them, took him to trial is because he's on, he can be eligible for parole, which I think is fucking hilarious for Michelle's murder in like the next 10 years eligible for parole. So they convicted him to make sure that if that ever happens, oh, that's good. That he has to be extradited to California. Yeah. It's very strange the way the laws still work like that, where it's just kind of like, oh. And then we let him out again. Right. And then, you know what? He was real good inside. So we let him out again. Yeah. We're like, well at the trial, like one of the jurors sneezed wrong.


So he he is out. Yeah. And we don't have enough money to try him again. And we think we're gonna lose. So. And We probably won't warn anybody just to keep it interesting. Yeah. Nope. The good thing about all of this is that hitchhiking pretty much doesn't exist anymore. Thank God we've talked about this before. Like I don't even understand, like, I know it's like an innocent time and shit, but like, I don't think that's common sense. Any time in your life. No. Like at any point in history. No I mean think of like, if you were at a party with your friends' friends, you probably wouldn't wanna be in a car with any of those people. Yeah. And those are like cold. So imagine if it's just anybody driving down the street.


Yeah. Have you ever hitchhiked? Is that negative of me? No. No. Whatcha you don't wanna be at a party with your friends? No, I've never hitchhiked. I've never done anything like that. I think I Have when I was a kid, but like with a friend, what? And I think the person like, and it was like an Irvine where it's just like the safest place in the world. but it was idiotic and I think the person who picked us up, like yelled at us. I did pick up two girls who were in junior high it, we were driving home, we were driving up to Petaluma from la me and my ex. And we stopped at a gas station and there were two little girls that were, couldn't have been more than 14 years old, sitting at this gas station. It was two in the morning and they were, they were trying to make phone calls the whole time we were getting gas.


I was watching them and they were trying to make phone calls and they were doing this stuff, stuff two in the morning, two in the morning. And I was watching them and the guy that worked there wasn't, seemed a little creepy. Yeah. And he was kind of like coming out and looking at them and going back in and people would pull in and I was just the whole time staring at them. And finally when we went to leave, I was like, drive over there and we pulled up and I was like, do you guys need a ride home? And they were like, yep. And immediately got in the car and I was like, first of all, never get into a car with people. Yeah. And then secondly, did you go to Lou Sutton Grammar school? And they both went to my sister's grammar school and I got names and they kind of smelled, it was like clearly they were from the bad side of town. Yeah. And they got like, they probably snuck out.


Right. And then got stuck somewhere and then ended up at this gas station out by the freeway where I was like, And it's not walkable. No, it was, it was, it's like five miles away from any neighborhood and It's all farmland and shit. Yeah. So we dropped them off and I, I was like, don't ever do this again. And they were like, eh. And then bring in and they'll, but oh God, where are they now? I wonder if they remember you. No, they both own that gas station. They, because of my setting them on their way. Yeah. Correctly. Good job. Thank you. Well I just wanna take a second to brag about something good I did for the community. Do you mind? No, I Love it. Thank you. What if they went home and killed their mom?


Can I turn this into a bummer real Quick? They were the ones that were all Along. Yep. That's A good twister rule. That Is. Let's write a book. They went home and killed their mom. Oh, I'm dead inside. Is it satisfying to realize that you really have liked cold cases from the very beginning? You didn't just make that up at episode 85. I was really going after them. I mean it's not a cold case anymore, thankfully. Yeah. but it was a cold case for a very long time. And the way it got solved is amazing. So the book that I have since recommended a million times in this podcast called No Stone Unturned by Steve Jackson talks extensively about this case because it's a book about necro search and what a huge part of solving this case and finding evidence they were for this story.


And so for the updates, as I said in the initial episode, Roy Melenson was found guilty of murdering Michelle Wallace in 19 93, 19 years after Michelle's murder. And that's why we do cold cases because Yeah. They Could still be solved. That's right. There's still time. Yep. And I mentioned in my initial story that Melenson was convicted of two other murders, but I didn't give the victim's names. So in 2009 and 2010, DNA evidence connected Melenson with two other unsolved murders. Those of 51-year-old Anita Andrews in Napa, California and 24-year-old Charlotte Erwin in Walker, Louisiana. And those cases are also talked about in no stone unturned.


And Melanson was only tried for the murder of Anita Andrews in 2011 and received an additional life imprisonment term. And Melenson died on May 22nd, 2020 at the age of 83 in prison. And actually, which is, you know, just part of it is law enforcement agencies are still trying to review cold cases around the country to connect melenson to any of those cold cases I talk about all the time. Right. So Yeah, that is a really creepy thing too. Some of these serial killers and some of these murderers are, they're interpreted by police as one-off like rage killers or whatever. Yeah.


Crimes of passion type of thing. Yeah. When they find out an uncovered, no, this has been going on for a long time. Yeah. And actually it's not just in this jurisdiction or this area that really is the scariest reveal. Yeah. Or it could, it could be any cold case from anywhere in the country. Right. Okay. So here is our first listener hometown story. So exciting. That Is so exciting. E Allen, the, the stories from E Allen, can you please comment and let us know if that's you? We need to give you all the credit and like send you merch and shit because Yeah. For real. Right. That's somebody who you came up with the idea of tell us your hometown. I gave out my personal email, which your, You gave out don't almost said it.


And, and then people actually responded. Yeah. And E Allen is the person who was like you. This is the example of what we want people to be doing. Right. So you deserve all the credit. We need to hook you up and shout you out. Yeah. And if you only wanna remain E Allen, that's your business, that's fine too. But E Allen, let us know. Let us know. I gave you But E Allen, I gave you my personal email address. So I feel like it's only fair that you give us your PO box so we can send you a stay sex. You don't get murdered shirt. It's like E Alan, I want your fucking phone number. I wanna read one of our, so at the end of the show we like to do your favorite or your town No, we to do your town murder.


Yeah. So either we'll have a guest tell us a story or we're asking you guys to send us your stories. Should we start at my favorite murder Gmail? I probably should. Sure. Let's do it. Yeah. They're my favorite murder Gmail. And then there's also, there's also a Facebook group. So you can start Facebook page. We call it Facebook page, group page. I think it's a group. I dunno, I dunno what I said last time. You just called it plain old Facebook page. And it made me laugh really hard. We have Facebook page, we Have Facebook page called my favorite Murder. And you can tell your story on the front page. On the front. Like tell everyone your shit. And like you guys should like bond over it and stuff.


I feel Like I should also start a Twitter account. Maybe this is business that you guys Don need to hear about, but I should because it seems like that's also a good way for people to, You're really good at that. And it stresses me out to start from zero. Like from zero followers. I'm really good at starting Twitter account. No, you're good at Twitter. Oh, Thanks. It's my passion. I'm Really bad. I started like a year ago because I hated it and I hate it now because I, It's a difficult exercise. Yeah. It's just, it's can you handle putting things out there and wanting something in return and not getting it? No. Well Or can you, because you do it and then you get stuff.


It's true. I do get stuff out of it. Okay. Yeah. Start one. Let's do that. Okay. Okay. I'll by this, by this point that people are listening, it's gonna be up anyways. Okay. We, I made a whole file. Should we, let's see. All right, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna close my eyes and scroll and pick one. Great. When and if it sucks then we'll delete it and start over. Okay. Oh, my favorite murder Adam Walsh case. Here we go. Oh yeah. This is from E Allen. It's very fucking long. Ethan Allen, the furniture maker. It's from Ethan Allen. Hello Georgia. Big fan. Fan. Big fan. What I write podcasters, my info relates to the Adam Walsh who was abducted in 81 from a mall in Hollywood, Florida in 1978. My dad had this great idea to move our family to Florida to get away from the brutal cold of western Pennsylvania.


His growing paranoia and his and black eyes phobias that killed my social life. Oh, I thought he was gonna say, killed my, we're not allowed to leave the house. And I skip over shit. Is that Dick? I think so. Okay. By 1980 I found my first job at the Hollywood Mall. Oh, in Woolworths working at the snack bar. Yeah. Free pretzels and ice cream. But sadly the icing machine was always on the fritz. The mall was close enough to our house that I could ride my bike to it in about 15 minutes. And remember that it was an indoor mall with a lot of tropical plants, pastel colors, herds of seniors and totally eighties vibe. The location of Adam Walsh's abduction was the Sears department store at the Hollywood Mall. Now I wasn't working July 27th, 1981, the day when 6-year-old Adam was abducted.


But the news coverage was nonstop beginning that evening from what I remember. Adam's dad, John Walsh, was the police top suspect to begin with. There was lots of silent and not silent judgements from neighbors and community people being, but him and his wife Reeve, by the way, they're still married with new replacement kids. He says, Oh no, Jesus. That's the joke we made though, right? Yeah. We made that about JonBenet, right? Yeah. I think we opened the door on that. Yeah. Of like having some replacement kids. Oh my. Yeah. Oh right. Don't have, it's Pretty harsh though when you read it back. Yeah. Okay. So here's the freaky part. He says, my mom worked locally and came home for lunch that day on her way back to work that afternoon in when she had to drive right by the mall.


She remembers being tailgated towards the freeway. The person eventually pulled around her to get by. It was to the point of her getting a good look at the vehicle and thinking the person was really in a big hurry. When the news of Adam's disappearance was on every local TV station, the police begged anyone with info to call a tip reported by a witness said they saw Adam being pushed into a blue van by a blonde man when he was abducted. When we heard the info about the blue van on the news, my mom started screaming that the blue van had been tailgating her that day. Oh, Ooh. I can remember how crazy engrossed and creepy it felt. She ended up calling the police and giving them the information. It's like a month later they find Adam's head in a canal chopped off with a machete in another part of Florida somewhere.


A deviant felon. Otis Toole, who have you ever fucking read about this motherfucker? Yeah. Tool says he drove around with Adam's head in his car for a few days before disposing of a tool confesses to killing Adam. But he told the police he snatched him in his car, which was an old Cadillac. Let's see here. He totally checks every box in the know your serial killer study. He then recanted his confession. But in 96 while dying in prison again admitted to killing Adam. However, there was no actual evidence to link tool to Adam. Yeah. So what about the blue van? Is this what you're gonna say? Yes. Go. Go Ahead. He said so what about the blue van? In 2007 there was another investigation and witnesses linking Jeffrey Dahmer to Adam Walsh's disappearance. Is this what you're Gonna say? He was in Florida at the time and drove a blue van for work.


Yeah. If he read that info on, he read info on Dahmer. He didn't cut off victim's heads. He did cut off victim's heads. He did often boys, but none as young as Adam. But Dahmer denied killing Adam. Is Dahmer still alive? No, they killed him in jail. Good. The police and John Walsh believed that tool was the killer of Adam Police closed the case. Now here's another thing. If he, is that done? Yeah. Because he said, oh wait, no, he says, Karen, you were hilarious on Twitter and I loved your Mark Maron interview. Oh, Thanks. This was Ethan Allen. E Allen. Yeah. E Allen. And then he says, wait, Georgia, I don't really know your work. The murder podcast I mean you're cool. Thanks. Oh nice. Yeah. Thanks e.


So I was reading all those, like the Jeffrey Dahmer thing came in out of the blue. I was like, what? Which is kind of amazing, but it but it didn't seem like that was his He he's not a kid. Yeah. But cutting off a head and driving a blue van are so much closer than just to some guy being like, yeah, I totally Did it. Yeah, absolutely. You know what I mean? And blonde and like young and blonde and they, they had a really clear description. But here's the thing. Adam Walsh, both of his front teeth were missing the day that he was there at the mall. He is there the his picture, I think it's his baseball picture that they used of like, have you seen This boy had only been taken like a week or two before and he has no front teeth and the, the head that they found in the canal had one front tooth.


So there's, my Whole body is shivering. A whole theory that that's not even that the boy in the canal was not Adam Walch. Sorry, I need a minute. I'm like literally gonna start crying right now. Oh No. Is it too, That is the most Send us To my favorite murder. Send us your hometown stories. We fucking love them. Yeah. Not, it doesn't have to be a murder. Even like crime. Like crazy crimes. Shit that happened. Crime. Something creepy. Like a crapy story. Fucked up the woods. Oh. And people who live near the woods that have creepy woods things. Yeah. And then go to iTunes and review us And subscribe. Yes. And do those things that help us. Please Rate review. Rate review, subscribe. Yeah. Yeah. Please do that.


'cause like, you know, two women hosting a podcast, let's please, let's beat the men. I'm making this feminist out of nowhere. Are you gonna be good? Like you didn't believe in us, like two women hosting a podcast. This thing's bullshit. No. I mean like don't want, you guys want us to do Well. 'cause we're two women and we're like, Yeah, Hillary, do you Hear us? Yeah. I'm making this feminist immediately. Don't, don't kill women. It really is. Ultimately. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's a feminist movement. It is. Of Talking about murder. We're fucking, we're feminists. Is that all Anything else? Yeah. No. Any final thoughts? Don't murder us.


This really seems like a concern of yours. I, you, I was just saying like, I don't wanna talk about it. 'cause I'm just gonna convince someone to kill me by telling them why I think it's possible. Like they should do it. Because it'll, I I have to say, I feel ready. I've been prepared for so long. It was Karen by the way. I just want everyone to know. That was Karen who said that Oh my God. I'm gonna, I'm gonna prepare my speech for when happens, like to the news. Like, I just didn't, we didn't know. Here's your speech. She asked for it straight up. Re intentionally recorded it. Said it into a marketplace. Oh. Alright. Thanks for listening guys. I'm really proud that we asked people to rate, review and subscribe.


I mean, that's like, we're not, we're not about business in some ways. 'cause this came out two weeks after the right. Last podcast. But, you know, we're right there. It wasn't about, we were not trying to get money, we were trying to get on the comedy charts. Truly. That was kind. Well, I was, we I kind of like, I I like to chart. I gotta Say it. You're, you're a charter. Yeah. But I mean, it's like the idea of actually seeing yourself on the Yeah. Apple Podcast website is a, is a really big deal. It was thrilling. It still fucking is. Yeah. I mean, it's so long ago that I created a Twitter account. Right. And that Twitter account I actually ran for quite some time. Yeah. Using our, you know, company name to tell people to shut up on Twitter.


We were so bad. It's all Totally, yes. Very unprofessional. Oh, we were so bad. Here's the weird thing too about social media. I do wanna say, and I think a lot of people that have listened to podcasters see this and understand it, the lens through which things go from a podcast out into social media and then change and morph and become like this a thing of its own is such a trippy thing to be on the original side. To be on the outgoing side of it. Yeah. Because you watch and then you learn like, oh yes, of course. Yep. Now that you say it like that, you're completely right. But Yeah, at first it feels a little bit like, who are these people? Who are you? Yeah. Listening. I don't, yeah. And it's comes outta nowhere.


Well, and it's hard to be corrected. It's hard to be wrong. And most people hate it. I do think that is a part of why people ended up liking us. 'cause we weren't, like, we weren't lying or trying to say we didn't or any of that shit. We'd just be like, wow. Oh shit. I feel terrible. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't mean it that way. Totally. And also just that the combination of like us being conversational about a thing that people pretend is not conversational but actually is Right. Is is. I think we were writing that line and kind of just learning by mistake. Yeah. As we went along. You know, it good for, good for personal development to be like, I, I'll never forget one of the, on the Twitter page, one of the early comments was some woman and she came on there a lot.


Oh no. And one of the first things she says is, why these two? Oh, that's right. And I, it was like one of the times where I was like, oh, I should not be engaging with any of this. Yeah. I don't need to see it. Why These two? Why These two? Because We did. Because that's It. Why aren't you saying that on a, on a ha thread. Right. On Reddit instead of to us on our Yeah. We're the ones reading it. Dumbass. Fuck you lady. Fuck you lady. It's what you wanted to say at the time, but you fucking couldn't. And now you can, did you just splash water all over yourself? I didn't. Yeah, I Did. Why these two? It's like, instead of saying that, go start your own fucking podcast. I bet they did.


I think that's part of it. I think that's, I think that's the, that's the downside of succe success, blah, blah blah. Yeah. It's like you get, you get the disdain that I personally felt so free to give out when I was right in the same position. So I kind of like, when that started happening, at first I was like, oh, I don't wanna read this shit and I don't want it to stick in my head. But then I pro processed it for a little while and was like, it's actually a compliment. It's actually Sure. And it's actually a sign you're doing Well That's true. When people are pissed about it. It's a, it's a, it's a negative version of what I have always said. And I think what like totally brought me to this podcast, which was like, why not us?


Yeah. You know? Yeah. Like why these two chicks? Yeah. But why why those? So let's fucking do it ourselves. And also, you know, separate from that, we don't have to talk about that person anymore. but it is that kind of thing. That's what's beautiful about podcasting. Yes. Is podcasting is the people's media where they get to say, oh we like this. We like this conversation. We like listening to these people and it isn't some weird NBC presents. Right. Here's your like here's your spoonfed entertainment. Right. It's really not about that. It's about like, It's about saying fuck in in places where you normally couldn't even fit it. And you're saying it. Yeah. Yeah. Which is why it's so important to rate, review and subscribe.


Okay. Fuck. So to end we tell each other alternate title options. If we hadn't done number puns, the actual name is Go. Forth and Murder. That's kind of good. Yeah. but it could, it could be called, my favorite title is the eighties Need to Go To Prison. Which I said about your story that the eighties need to go to prison. Yeah. Because just everything was wrong. So true. Yeah. I said per this the perfect podcasting couch would be perfect. Podcasting Couch would be a good title. That's a good one. 'cause you had just bought us a perfect Podcasting yet. God, I still haven't written that off in my taxes. Call your tax guy Oh my God and get that Back.


I wonder Oh My. God. The pregnant lady I bought the couch from is like eight years old now. Not the lady, the child. The Child of the pregnant lady I bought the couch from is like eight. That's crazy. Yeah. He's like a walking, talking human. Yeah. Don't blame that little baby for the stupid shit that baby said when he was, when he was zero years old, it's a Baby. He didn't know anyone was listening to him. Babble, Do what you want. Yeah. Blame who you want. We can't. We did it. It's already happened. It's already, there's nothing we can do about it. That's the whole point of Rewind with Karen and Georgia. That's right. It already happened. It happened.


Look at it. Look At it. Look at it. Alright. Well I guess we'll see you next week, next Wednesday. Yeah. When we do this again. That's Right. Thanks for listening guys. Yeah. Thanks for joining us. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Good. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?