
This is exactly


right. This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today. Visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


This message comes from. Greenlight Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


This season, let your shoes do the talking designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat DSW has you covered. Find a shoe for every you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance, and more. Head to your DSW store or visit dsw.com today.


Hello. Hello And Welcome To Rewind With Karen and Georgia. That's right. This is our new Wednesday show where we recap our oldest episodes, but we add in all new commentary and case updates and insights. And Today we're recapping episode 35, which we named A Small Foreign Faction, which sounds familiar to a lot of you. So this episode we did a little differently. It's just one story that we kind of discuss and talk about together. And we discuss the CBS documentary about the murder of JonBenet Ramsey. That's right. It Was such an epic documentary that came out. We both knew it was coming. We were excited to see it. So we're like, yeah, let's just talk about this. So it's one of the rare episodes where we're not telling each other surprise stories.


We broke format. Yeah. I like it. With big cases like this, there's so much to talk about. So why not? So join us now as we take you back to September 22nd, 2016, a Thursday unlike any other. And now we're gonna listen to the intro of episode 35. Charlie. Oh Yeah. You okay? Yeah. What Was going through your mind just now? Oh, I was thinking about my old roommate who used to scream sneeze, and I was getting legitimately angry about the amount of time I spent with people I didn't like in the nineties because I was on drugs and drink. Maybe you were on drugs and drink because you couldn't stand the most of the people you were around.


I think that had a lot to do with it. And yet I felt very like suit fakely loyal or something. Yeah. Or like, like I was supposed to make it work out somehow. Oh Yeah. But if you're friends with a scream, sneezer cancel the friendship immediately. It's the most obnoxious habit in the world. Like what happened to you that you need attention? My mom, when you sneeze, my mom, my mom, what happened to her? I don't know. But she scream, sneezes. Wait, she listens. We can't talk about her anymore. She's Fine. Mom. Mom. She knows Her. She knows what she fucking did to me in my life. It is because it's, as you know, your sneeze is coming if you're a scream sneer. Yeah. I don't she So all of a sudden it's someone screaming.


She Loves attention. There's no, you're completely right about that. Yeah. Like that's a thing. That's a, that's a connection. Yeah. Mom, I love you, but Jesus fucking Christ. I mean, she knows she doesn't care. Yeah. Do you think a lot of people think that they just started this podcast accidentally like skipped the beginning of it. Yes. When really that was the beginning of, That was the beginning. We're trying New beginnings. They're, it's called complain. We're just a hard complaint at the top. Angry, complaining. Then we go into our pre-written intro. Go ahead Georgia. Okay. Hey, thanks for tuning to My favorite murder. My name's Georgia Hart Stark and my name's Han Kro. And this is pre this.


We've been practicing this for months. We Wrote it and then we sent it off to a professional editor. Yeah. They sent back some suggestions. Yep. God, that was a great beginning of a podcast. You're Welcome. For being fucking professional. That's why this, this episode's so expensive for you guys. Yeah, that's right. 'cause of this amazing high quality writing. Yeah. How much money we spend on this. We don't even say, have we said the words My favorite murder yet? I think I mentioned it. Okay, Good. Good. Good, good, good, good, good, good. Do anyway, Do you wanna just kick right into Corrections Corner? Absolutely. I have one. You go first. Go Ahead. No, no, no. You got, 'cause I actually, I do have like one that I did.


I fucked up last week. Oh, Well by not like Stop trying to steal my thunder. Why? What'd you do? So This mass shooting in Australia led to crazy strict gun laws, which is amazing. And everyone who messaged me was like, we thought that the Sandy Hook shooting was going to be the same incident. Right. And we think you're a terrible place because it wasn't, but here's ours. Here's this positive thing and it's great. Amazing. And we're all very happy with Ourselves. Did you tell them about our saltwater taffy because we can be pretty great when we try. Yes. Yes. There are people who are, who have major problems getting guns to kill children specifically.


Yes. Wait, They, they don't have, the problem is they don't have major problems getting guns. No, I meant they have problems in their lives. Yes. They are getting guns and How Yeah. And however, it's a very easy for them to get guns. Even though they have major problems, It's, it's totally fine for them to get guns. Let's Talk about gun control laws. Oh yes. Who doesn't love to hear all about that? All Right. What's your corrections corner? Mine is the simple fact that Peoria is not three miles away from Chicago, but three hours. Okay. And I swear to fucking Christ, every single person in the Midwest I know texted and tweeted I saw and told me about it. Personal friends, distant strangers, everybody who could possibly say it was like, and they were saying it as if I had said Abraham Lincoln was our first president.


Like, excuse me. Yeah. Peoria is not three miles away. Karen As the, as the other half of this podcast. Oh yes. I'm exonerating you from that needing to be a fucking thing for you to apologize for. Sometimes when I'm reading off my Wikipedia printout, my eye will tell me something that isn't there on the page. Sure. That's what happens. And like, okay. Alright. So we're in Los Angeles. If someone said that and San Francisco is three hours from here, would you say no? Would you tell them it's six hours and would it make a difference? No. You know what I would do? I would withhold the true information and then I would gloat. There you go. Yeah. I would say I'm better than that person. Secretly, everyone Needs just to be more selfish. Yeah, They do.


There gloat more. Set it. Talk To us less. Suddenly in episode 35, Karen and Georgia just became real mean. Just, they just became big assholes. It was weird. They went into gun control shit and then they just got rude. And that's when I said I've had it. Here's a positive. Okay. Because it's not all like that with us. Yeah. I have a positive too. Go ahead. Do you really? Yeah. Well my positive you know about, but let's fake and pretend like you've never heard this story before. So Steven hasn't heard it. Steven, I'm not gonna look at you anymore. George. Tell Steven. Steven Don't Look at me. So I was doing something working probably and then killing time before I had to go somewhere else. So when I have an hour to kill, I go to J.


Crew or some such place where I can get a long sleeve cotton shirt real Quick. Haters. This is not a fucking ad. No, no. J Crew is paid us to do. No, we're not sneaking an add in on you. No, We haven't done that yet. And we, we Were super, we Would for the right money We're blatant. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. They haven't paid us enough to sneak an add in on you yet. Yet. So I go over to the Grove if you are not, have never visited Los Angeles or not from around here. The Grove is like Three hours away from Los Angeles In three hours from the heart of Los Angeles is a mall that where they basically tried to make it if there was a small town where everyone was obsessed with shopping.


Right. And that's what the Grove looks like. There's a train or a trolley or something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gardens. So anyhow, I go into J. Crew, try to get myself a shirt and the guy, the first guy that says, how are you? Or do you want any help? And I'm like, no, no, leave me alone. And then he asked me again a little bit later and I'm like, does he think I'm a shoplifter? I've worked retail. I know what this, you're patrolling me. Yeah. And then finally he came up and he goes, what's your name? Ooh. And I go, Karen. And he goes, what's your last name? And I go, what are you doing? Never tell him your last name. And then he goes, whatcha doing? Are you from the podcast Michael Murder? And I pretend like I never, Yes.


And then he lost his mind on me. I Love Him. And he told me, this is the thing that got me. So look, we are having some nice success with this podcast. Yeah. It's very, very exciting. It's very exciting. It's quite bewildering. Yeah. And it's just like a weird, it's just weird. Yeah. But I didn't think we were to the level of people recognizing us from a podcast at The Grove. No, that's, that's The Grove is like the biggest, it's like the, it's like tourist go there. Yes. It's like a big thing. Mario Lopez does a show from there. Mario fucking Lopez does a show from there. It's a High end recognition spot. Definitely. So Trey, who is the young man who is talking to me?


What's up Trey? You think they're listening right now for Oh yes I do. Because what he told me was that the J crew of the Grove listens to our podcast when they shut down at night and have, Oh my God, to fold down the store. Love you. So they, he couldn't believe that no one that he closes with was there to see. Do You think that they all think he's lying and now this is happening. And well Girl, we took a picture to proof and then someone wrote to the Twitter page and said, I can't believe I wasn't on shift when Trey met Karen from My favorite murder. And the whole thing was just this super cute, he was so happy. Aw, it just is so wonderful. Me. Yeah. Told Me to see people that excited me and that. Well yeah. That was the cutest thing, Steven is that at one point he was just asking me all these questions and stuff and then at one point he goes, where's Georgia right now?


I was just like, I honestly don't know. That's so cute. Alright, so we're gonna do a personal appearance. We're gonna do surprise drop in. Oh A a J Crew close closing shift. Drop-in At the Grove. Yeah. Right now. And then everyone turns around to the door, but we're not there. Where's shoplift? I'm gonna go in there and shoplift and see if anyone says a word to my face. You Know, they won't. So deal with that level, Steven. That's awesome. Get on this level of fame that we're now all on. Steven, you're gonna get recognized next. Not me. I hope so. No, I'm waiting for someone to yell. I hope so. To me, like there a transaction or like a thing and then for someone to yell, stay sexy.


Because like that would be, that's my dream is that someone doesn't say they recognize me. Doesn't say listen to the podcast, but when I'm leaving our interaction, our transaction or whatever the fuck a parking lot, they yell at me. They do a shout After, Stay sexy. And I'll fucking scream at the top of my, top of my lungs. Don't get murdered. Will You scream sneeze at them? At the top of Your lungs? At the top of my nasal passages. You know what's funny though? Like my friend Alison Sti, who I work with, Love the shit outta here. She's the greatest. And I work with her and I walked into our writer's room the other day and there's like, you know, nine people in there or whatever. And she goes, I was listening to your podcast. And then I got all embarrassed.


Yeah. And like shut her down basically. And I later had to go, sorry I received that incorrectly. I was like, it was, it's that thing where like it's super exciting and I don't want to overly be like, let's talk about it for five minutes. Yeah. 'cause I'm of course I'm so judgmental of others that I'm positive I'm going to get that judgment back. Well I keep hoping my parents will then do it and I can be like, no, it's a great, it's a big, they don't care. Right. Oh, I got, my sister started listening. Oh right. This is a miracle of all miracles is my sister Laura is now a listener and constantly texting me things. We need to do things we need to say stuff we need to talk about Boss.


Let's have an older sister corner. Yes. We should of how bossy older sisters are. We Should for sure. She had some very interesting observations about the JonBenet special. Hey, speaking of, Not to segue corner you right into what we're Doing. But let's take a, let's take a casual, super casual quick break. Did you just slip me off? Oh you lifted your middle finger while you were taking a drink. No, it was very subtle. I actually flip people off like this where it's, I barely move my, it's just your two Fingers, Iter and side fingers. I just very slightly let my middle finger out. It's more feminine. I just remember in elementary school, 'cause everything got scrutinized and everything you did was stupid to everyone.


Yes. Yes. That like the way you flip people off was made fun of. Yes. So I just got really good at doing it correctly. So you do the one where it's two shorter fingers. No, you don't pull all your fingers down. I pull all my fingers down. You pull all your, your fingers down. That Is the proper fuck you. Oh, instead of this. Yeah. I don't know what that is. This is California. That looks Like a cute little bird Or something. This is NorCal fuck you. Where you kind of leave your surrounding. Yeah. Middle fingers up. They're Right. Like they're like between the first and second knuckle. This is so visual that we should not be talking through. I mean it's insanity. What we're Right now let's go, let's take a casual quick break and we'll teach each other our, our middle fingers. Okay. And then we'll come back and you guys ready for JonBenet?


All JonBenet All the time. Benet. It's JonBenet time. Everybody. Let's do it. Oh, I wonder how Trey from J Crew is doing these days. I remember that day. So clearly in my mind it was truly like my hand on the doorknob of success and Trey was the guy standing outside that door going, Oh my God, you're touching the doorknob. It was just like one of those kind of things where you dream of it and then it's actually happening in front of you. Yeah. So I'm being like, Oh my God, are you from this podcast where I was like staring at him like, this can't be what's happening right Now. Yeah. You're like, what are you talking about? Only Georgia and Steven hear that in the apartment we record in.


Right. What are you talking about this person? I don't know. And you're this excited. Yeah. And you are telling me this staff of j crew listens to this as you close the store down, which is something I used to do with the Gap. Yeah. Load these many probably 25 years ago, knowing what it feels like to be a retail worker. That's just like, how are we gonna get ourselves through the next three hours? Totally. And the idea that you and I were the solution to that. I mean, I love being solution. It's incredible. I because, because I love being other people's solution that they make us into because it's very hard to kind of like churn that up yourself. Yeah. You can't be your own solution, but you can be other people's solutions and you can find solutions and other people and places and things.


And so it's nice to be that. It's Very true. Also, speaking of solutions, the funniest thing is in this episode, I shout out my friend Alison Sti, who has since been hired here at Exactly Right. And she is basically now the staff writer and writes a lot of the stuff that you see in here coming out of exactly Right. Media and all the promos and all the different things that you hear. That's her. It's crazy. She writes in the bullet point here in our details. Now I work here and we talk about the podcast every day. How do you like that Karen? So she's like, yeah, she is in it. I also love and remember so well the the like how do you flip people off conversation?


Oh my God. One of our, because I had no idea before that there was like a different way to do it Because you were full this. Right. I'm full. Like I'm full Single finger. Single finger. Like pull the other ones down with your thumb. Like as for as much impact as possible. But you are like, you're like curl the fingers to the side. Mine is almost don't do it. Yeah. But gesture toward people. I kind of do my flip off. Like I have very nicely manicured nails. Mm. Even though I never ever do I look like a gardener, but it's almost like the energy of nicely manicured nails and a lady that cut you off in traffic but is gonna flip you off at the same time.


It's Almost more of a fuck you to barely even bother with a middle finger than it is to give a like, like what I do an excessively angry one. 'cause it shows that I care more. You really care. I really fucking care. It's an Excl mark. And when we say the word care, what we mean is the word Hate. Hate. All right. So let's get into this really complicated conversation We have that like, I can't wait to update because so many things have changed except for the fact that we still have no fucking clue who did it. And I still am so all over the place about who did it and changed my mind constantly about it, you know? Yep. Here we go. Let's Get into our 2016 review of the JonBenet CBS Special.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With Squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye.


Goodbye


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling willing yourself to sleep? Actually, yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, epigenic and melatonin beams already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Girlies like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A nice hot drink and you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer yet for a limited time, try Their best selling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's Shop BEA m.com/murder and Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye.


Goodbye. How many you there? There needs to be a code word for when we're not actually going to take it. Like, 'cause we always say let's not take, let's not do this, let's take it out. But like, when do we mean it and when do we not? Oh, You like it almost like a safety. Yeah. They call that during sex, like a safe word. Yeah. Because Steven gets confused and he goes to write something and I'll be like, no, just kidding. Leave that in. But I take it as a challenge. Yeah, that's right. You Steven is the, We leave this all up to Steven and he beautifully edits. Can you imagine if he just had to like the whole thing is this kind of insane bullshit. And then Steven, what if Steven's our, our cult leader and he, it's just whatever he says goes. That's right. No, I'm in the basement In the base.


I have no basement, We're in the basement. This is like the Alamo And we're back. Let's, let's make jokes and stuff and then get into something real fucked up. Well people have been continually tweeting us since like the ads for the JonBenet special started. Yeah. Saying can't wait for, to hear what you guys say about all this. Me too. Then when I went to a TiVo at the other night, there were three choices. I Have a question. Yes. Do you still have TiVo or do you just still call It that? I call it that. Okay. It's my, that's my verb of that. 'cause I'm not, DVRing is stupid sound. Yeah, no, I'm fine with the TiVo word. I just didn't know if that was still a thing.


If I had the actual brand. Yeah. No, I have Jack tv. Okay. Because you must know Again, no one's paying us shit for any of this shit For fuck Shit for fuck. If they wanna give us fuck for shit, then they can Mark it. They can email us. Mark this Steven. But what's the safe word? Scream. Sneeze. Just kidding. Alright, so yeah. So ev so there's, you had multiple genres. There Were three choices. Yeah. And then I was like, oh, I don't know. When I met with that kind of a life challenge, which is choose which the correct made for TV, docu series about JonBenet's murder.


Choose Your own JonBenet. I, I like totally turned the channel. I'm like, oh look, father Brown's on. And then I just watched something When I joked that it was a choose your own adventure. I wa I that is actually completely correct because I tried to watch a couple of them and every single one of them is so clearly with agenda Yes. Pregnant with agenda. Yes. And some of them won't and I won't say who and what won't show the photos of her as a normal child. Right. Because yeah. That doesn't, that doesn't serve what their, their their media message of what they're talking about. There's a video of her that, that to me. And I wrote in the thing I wrote that like For l.com, Can I plug it?


Course? Of course. I just suddenly felt awkward about that. Do it. Okay. Get used To it. I'm not plugging it. I'm just how fucking happy I am. And I might cry from like how good it feels because I started on live journal writing. Let's, I'm gonna be honest, and I didn't graduate community college And you wrote two amazing articles. Thank you for l.com that were so readable and so wonderful. Thank you. They're on our Twitter feed if you need to find them. They're great reads. Karen, that means so much coming from you because I think you're an incredible writer, my friend. And that means a lot to Me. And my sister said the same thing. Oh my God. And she's a teacher who kind of can't spell. That means a lot to me. Who kind of can't spell now that I, I don like she's listening.


I'm gonna do stuff like, I would like to thank the editors of l for making me look like I know how to punctuate shit. Apostrophe s's will be the death of me. But they didn't, they made it not seem that way anyways. Oh Yeah. In it I was like, go everyone stop and go look at photos of her as a normal kid. Yes. Because it's a different fucking story. And one, there's this video of her that they show in slow-mo of her mom. It's her as a little kid. It's like a home video. Her mom is scratching the top of her head and she nestles her head into her mom's leg. Have you seen this? No. And it's just so sweet and human and reminds me of me and my mom as a kid. And it's, it's this like goofy sweet little girl whose mommy is, is comforting her and, and doing this thing she probably does a lot, which is scratch her head.


You know, we all have this thing. Yeah. Very maternal, very comforting thing. Now was this before or after Patsy had dyed her hair blonde? Because I didn't, that I didn't know mean. I saw that, that it was dyed. I, I don't know why. And that when the friend in the ccb S one, when the friend talks about seeing JonBenet for the first time with dyed blonde hair and Patsy being like, no, it's just About it. She lied about it. But then I thought if she was murdered when she was six, she must have had that blonde hair for at least Right. A couple months if not a year before. Which means someone dyed a five year old's hair, blonde bleach. I mean, bleaching your hair is disgusting.


If you've ever had your hair dyed, women know it's like a very gross, intense chemical process on a five-year-old. That's crazy. Just, But I don't But in the pageantry circuit, I don't think it's that weird. Which was which she was in. Yes. Except, Which is weird. That's my, that was my point is no one talks about that. The pageantry circuit is basically a strange, weird commercial for pedophiles. And there's no, there's no reason you should have a 6-year-old girl dressed like an Atlanta Hess or Harris. There's no, there's no reason we should be seeing a little girl basically cosplaying an adult rich woman.


But every, but I, I, okay, here's my thing with JonBenet Ramsey. The whole case is that I will argue the opposite of anything that's argued. Yes. Because there's such a huge argument because it's, there's never gonna be any conclusions. Yes. And every single piece of evidence, and I wrote some of them down, has an argument for the other side. Right. Exactly. And and that's what I kind of love about this is because I really don't like being like, this is my opinion and here's the argument why, and I won't listen to you and your opinion. It's like, I'm Not Doing that. Not you. No, no, no, no, no. I mean, like any other debate that people have. Right? No, exactly. When people, you, when people absolutely decide how they feel Right. And won't come off of it. No, I totally, I agree that in every other way except for it unnerves me how normalized the pageant system is where it's, it's only little girls.


But that's the thing is that it is normalized for certain people, including Patsy Ramsey, who was a pageant queen and they're from the south. Yes, true. True, True. So it wasn't that weird to her. It wasn't like she was in her mind abusing this girl and dying her hair. It was like, I don't think it's necessarily abuse. I just think it's a, it you are putting shit on a child a a little girl long before she needs to be dealing with it. I Completely agree. With all gross of it. So gross. I just don't, it's just like when people present, not you, when it is presented that there are, that there is proof that this is why these, why she was murdered by the parents and how fucked up these things were.


I just don't think they are like a lot of Aren. I agree. No, no. I'm not ar I'm not arguing that the pageants prove they did it. Yeah. I'm arguing that the, that dying a six year old's hair shows very bad decision making skills and, and just a weird Yeah. But these are people that, like I also didn't know they had two of their own planes. I didn't know they were the level of rich that they are. If You're arguing that dying a four year old's hair blonde is, is proof that this parent doesn't have the best, the child's best interest in mind. And therefore it makes sense why she would have been part of the maybe the murder or the coverup. I, but I agree with you.


Yeah. Yeah. That, that makes sense to me. Yeah. Man. Should we get into this? Yeah. We're, I'm sorry to tell you. We're in. Do you wanna start Or we're Should we, are we starting now? Steven, Can you Steven hit play? Can you delete? Oh man. I mean Okay. The CBS thing and here, and one of the rules on our Facebook group is don't talk shit about other podcasts. That's right. And the host of the CBS show have a true crime podcast. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. Steven, why don't you go ahead and look that up if you don't mind. I just think so. I liked them a lot and I think they had the best interest. And I don't think, I think their in, in, in integrity based people.


I just think that the moment you are clearly going for a certain, what's the word Agenda, like an angle Agenda. You can't, like the moment I saw that John Ramsey was being interviewed for one of the documentaries, I was like, I was out. 'cause he wouldn't agree to do it unless it the agenda wasn't throw him. Yeah. Yes. That's right. So what did you think about Burke Ramsey's interview with? I didn't watch it. I watched clips. Oh, on Dr. Phil. Yeah. The smiling Didn't watch it either. But you saw that he was smiling through a Lot of it. Yes. Yes. I think that Burke Ramsey might be on the spectrum. That's what I thought too. I don't think it's fair to, I don't think Anything The smiling Is fair. Isn't a, isn't a sign of anything.


No. That's nerves. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Oh, here's the thing. If you have done been around TV or done tv, I've watched a lot of people act super weird on tv. Yeah. Especially, I don't know, was that that whole thing pre-taped? Like there was no audience when he was talking to Dr. Phil or No audience. Yeah. See, and I think I said this before, but the reason I didn't watch it is 'cause I have a friend who's a producer on it. Right. And she was like, nothing came of it. They didn't reveal anything. So then I was like, oh, it's boring. But then a bunch of people started tweeting at us of like this behavior and all this different stuff. It was Definitely weird behavior. Yes. But I don't think it was indicative of someone who is guilty or innocent or you can read anything out of it.


Is It, was it weird for a person that has two planes? I mean, like, this is a person that's Lived In The world, literally never done an interview before in his life. No. And probably never had to really be in the world in a real way in his life. No. And so I think the reason this whole interview happened is because he, they somehow knew that the CBS documentary was coming out that kind of pointed towards him. Yeah. So this is like a quick fuck. Let's, let's get this out before get in front of it that comes out. So he maybe didn't even wanna do it. No way. Did he wanna do it? He's freaked out. Oh God. Oh my God. There's so much to talk about. But he also, you know, there, he's already suing CVS. Is he really?


That's what, that's what someone told me at work today. 'cause we were all talking about it this morning. Shut up. Yeah. And I, 'cause I said everyone was talking about why possibly would they have reduced it from three or four episodes to two. Yeah. And I was saying it could have been a thing where they let them do it, but they said, 'cause they, 'cause I'm obsessed of course with the pageant part and the, and any kind of the any, it felt like any, they just dismiss any, any kind of sexual molestation or I wrote that down or anything wrote that down. They just dismissed it out of hand. Which seems very unlikely to me. I, I wrote that in the l article that it's like, Oh Yeah, I'm ripping you off from the L article. Can you not? I'm gonna See my idea for it was my idea.


I'm gonna see you four. What's it called when someone copies your shit. Just copying. See, make make me sound smarter in that clip. All right. Okay. Here's The stuff. Who's looking for the button? I know. Your button knows. Here's the stuff I liked from that I didn't know about from the CBS show. I really loved, I I love handwriting and linguistic analysis. I think it's fucking fascinating. Yeah. The fact that, that someone pointed out that no one would ever write that they were A Small Foreign Faction. Yes. You make yourself seem bigger. Right. You don't seem like you're a small little group of people. Yes. Very interesting. And also no one calls themselves foreign. Right. Exactly.


And if you are a band getting together right now and you don't name m self small foreign faction, you're a fucking idiot. I'll murder You. Yeah. Punk rockers. Get on That. Get it together. I no, that fra there was like all those things about the phrasing. Yeah. And the like. And and sorry if I'm jumping on this on yours. Do it. I was freaking out when they got to the part where the, the ransom letter quotes speed. I didn't know quote. Dirty, Hairy. It quotes dirty, hairy. It's just like you. How so if, if this is Patsy and, and John and they're covering up, you know, the one theory that they were really shoving in your face on the CCBs one, if that was true then oh they really think that they're so much smarter than everybody else.


Yeah. That they can add in lines from the movie speed. Yeah. And have nobody catch on. They actually do. Okay. Really quick. Steven was like, brought his phone, ordered me to show me a thing that I had asked him and I completely forgot what I had asked him. So I was like, what is he? I don't remember what I'm Okay. The podcast that the host of the CVS show do is Real Crime Pro profile, which I've listened to. It's a great podcast. Oh, okay. Yes. I agree. Let's, you know what? Let's, okay, so let's start. You ready to start? Let's, what is your theory like overall? Like what's your favorite theory? Oh, I think that, I think it was Burke. Okay. How do we think, I think Burke got angry and didn't, I don't think he meant to do it.


No. I don't either hurt her. I don't think. I think he wanted to hurt her. Yeah. I think that, but a lot of the stuff that they named that was like, oh, you know, God forbid that he do this or that is all stuff little kids do. Totally. Brothers and sisters especially are really mean and and vicious with each other. So like a lot of that stuff didn't freak me out. 'cause it's like yeah, yeah. You hit, you hit your brother or sister with a piece of train track or whatever. My sister and I used to, Oh my God, I talked about it before. Getting, getting into fights where you're being beaten with a remote control and shit. The First time I got punched in the stomach was when I was like five by my sister. Yeah. Like that standard thing Because you as a kid, you don't know how strong you are. You dunno how much it hurts and you're mad and you're angry.


Yes. And you have no parental supervision. Yep. I, I wrote in an article that my, that our friend Kat Solan, her brother bears her childhood teeth mark scar on his body because they were so angry Yeah. That they they did that. Yeah. Like you just get angry at people. But, and also it's the thing of if he did that and he was super angry and it does make sense that she's the little princess that gets all of the mom's attention. And he was older. It would've been different if he was younger, but he's older. So he was used to having all of her attention. Yeah. And then that got kind of redirected, which is very painful and awful if he already was having a little bit of like developmental or if there's just some issue with like he's a little slow or he is a little bit emotionally off whatever it is.


Yeah. Which is which a lot of things I read say he was a little bit of a weird kid. Yeah. Which, I mean, I grew up with a, a weird kid. I understand that they're Weird. Yeah. Yes. But that doesn't mean they're, yeah. Here's the thing my sister said, she texted me and said the thing with the feces is really bad. That's usually a sign of sexual molestation. I know. The wedding, the bed thing. So sh JonBenet wet her bed regularly. They said Burke might have too. That to me is hard because I wet my bed later than I should have. I did too. I sucked my thumb until like second grade. I was never molested. Right. So it's hard. You can't just say that definitively.


No, but the shit thing, shit Is a much bigger deal because even when you're little, you don't, it's not natural to, like, it was as if they were saying, and I don't know anymore than what they presented on that. Yeah. But it was as if they were saying he like would shit on her stuff or he Would like wipe shit on Her stuff. Wipe shit places. And my sister has been a grammar school teacher for over 20 years. Yeah. And she has a master's degree in like in developmental education or whatever. I'm not exactly sure, but I Fix that in post Fix her degree. But essentially this is what she does. Yeah. And deals with kids a lot that are going through this.


And she was just like, that's bad. That's, that's the worst thing she heard in the whole thing was Wow. Anytime a kid has like got his hands in shit and he is not a baby. Well she had, this is the thing they revealed in the CVS thing is that she had a grapefruit sized shit in her bed. Right. That sounds painful and fucked up and, and not, not normal at All. No, no. Like he was collecting it or No. That she just saved having to go to the, she wa was so uncomfortable going to the bathroom that she waited until she was in bed. Oh. I thought, I thought he put it there from what? Oh, because they said the maid found it. Right. And I was thinking that he was like trying to wreck her shit because the other stuff was Stuff or make her look like a gross.


Yes. Can I say that? Like, I kind of, I feel bad for Burke in this whole thing. It's, it's very bad. And then I read something, you know, I, I made everyone on our Facebook group and send us their theories and send us what they found that was interesting and their thoughts and everything. And one of them was that work actually doesn't even know that he doesn't know that he caused that blow. He might have done it and they were like, go to bed. Yeah. And he doesn't remember it. He may somewhere deep down does, but he doesn't know that he put that whole thing into action. I feel bad for this kid who clearly has some Issues. I think he knows something though because remember that interview he has with the cop and he won't say the cops like with Yeah.


What's in the bowl and he just won't say it. Like there's those goes weird things. He goes, Oh, there's, so in the CBS documentary, they show clips, which is like, I could watch this for hours of, of Burke being interviewed by a psychologist or social worker post. Right. Like when he was a kid. Yeah. The only time they, there was two times they let him be questioned. And in it, the, you know, they're talking and I actually, it's amazing. They show him a photo of this, the, the table, a crime scene table, which has a bowl of pineapple out with Burke's fingerprints on it. And in JonBenet's stomach after she died, is an undigested piece of pineapple. Right. And so the, the social worker, the psychologist shows Burke a photo of the pineapple and says, what is this?


Or shows him the bowl of pineapple. And he says, I don't know, it looks like cereal or something. Yeah. And he says, well, what could that be? And then Burke goes, oh. Like he knows not to say what it Is. Yes. Yes. That's weird. But it's like a, you know, a little kid thinking he's outsmarting someone. Yeah. And there's this, you're watching from this camera overhead. He also is in a very weird physical position in that chair. He's Very weird physically. He's very antsy in a weird way. Yeah. He's But he gets down on all fours. Yeah. When he is looking at that picture. And I understand it's like a kid's way, like almost like child's pose. Yeah. But to me, in that situation, it gave me the creeps.


Yeah. Like, it was just weird. He was, he wasn't, he was very stilted in his voice, but he looked incredibly comfortable. Yeah. It was almost like chill. He was chill. It was weird. How do we, okay, so like my theory in my mind, the mastermind of this whole fucking entire thing, which is that Burke unknowingly hit her over the head or threw a flashlight, threw someone mentioned maybe he didn't actually like hit her. Maybe he threw this flashlight at her. Yeah. And this happened and it was staged in my mind, the mastermind of the whole thing is not Patsy who is bringing, who is just being thrown under the bus fucking completely in this whole thing.


It's someone who's still alive. And so I'm scared to It's John Ramsey. It's John Ramsey. I really think John Ramsey is the fucking entire mastermind because, and another thing I was thinking too is that like their interviews post right after what happened are creepy and fucking weird. The CNN interview. Yeah. Like all of their, like that them calling the press to give an interview. And you had mentioned it before that, that when someone asked to pa asks Patsy, who's clearly on fucking Valium. Yes. She's on so many pills. Yeah. They ask her, do you think it was an outside intruder? And she's shaking her head no. With her eyes closed. And the minute Johnna says yes, she starts to nod. Yes. Yeah. She goes into this weird circle and then tries to like Yeah.


But she also does her, she's doing a lot of like long blinking. Yep. And it's almost like she just doesn't wanna, she just wants to disappear. Well, here's what I think. Okay. I definitely think Patsy wrote the note. The the ransom letter. It's not a fucking note. No, it's a four page Letter. I think Burke accidentally hit her. I think they conspired to cover it up maybe with, with John being the mastermind. Right. I think he took her downstairs JonBenet's body downstairs to, you know, make it staged as a kidnapping. And I don't think Patsy realized the extent of how he covered it up. Right. I think she thought he'd put a pillow over her face.


She thought she would be suffocated. But when Patsy found out the extent of what he did to her body, I think then she and she still had to go with it. Yeah. I think that that's why she was so freaked out by it. I don't think she was like, that's a horrible, do you know what I mean? Yes. And that's a horrible idea. Like just that you would be put in that position as a mother. Yeah. The One that gives me more comfort because it's so much less tragic and it's based on that 9 1 1 dispatcher who suddenly was under a gag order for years and never talked to anybody and No one ever tried to interview her. But here's the thing that's weird to me. No one ever tried to interview her and she wasn't under, under a gag order.


So when was the gag order lifted that she can be talking on this topic? I don't Think it ever was. I think she was just like, all right. Clearly no one ones she just going for it. I think once they exonerated The Ramseys, the Ramseys, it was just gone. Well What was interesting to me is she said that that moment where Patsy thought she hung up the phone. Okay, let's about that. I never knews about that. Knew that either that Patsy makes this 9 1 1 call, which I didn't list. I of course heard snippets here and there. I cannot listen to it. It's horrifying. Well, and especially because it's, it's bad acting. I I, yeah. From that alone, if you just made me guess off the 9 1 1 call, I'd say they're, they're complicit in some way, but that, that Patsy thinks she hangs the phone up and then they're recording what's happening in their kitchen and the 9 1 1 operator is on the line listening and trying to listen.


Okay. Yeah. And the thing, well just, the one thing that that 9 1 1 operator said was her tone once she was like so hysterical and get someone here, get someone here. Exactly. A who are you? You don't hang up the phone Right. When your child is missing and that's your lifeline hanging up the phone is crazy. And then b, her vocal tone changes immediately to the point where that's what gave that 9 1 1 dispatcher the creeps. Because I, me, because she's hysterical. She's freaking out. She's not answering the 9 0 1 dispatcher's questions the minute she says, who are you? She clearly says, I'm, she clearly states her name everything I'm the mother and clearly gives a an answer. Yes. Suddenly the hysteria isn't so out of control.


And It's true that I like this in the CBS documentary where they said, you don't hang up on a 9 1 1 call. No, no one does. No one hangs up. It's your lifeline. That Was the coolest part. I mean, I understand. Look, this is just like Jack the Ripper where there's so many experts now. Yeah. And there's so many, so many theories that it's just out of control. It's never gonna, I don't think it'll ever be solved. I don't No. Unless there's some, something gets dug up. Sure. Like literally or you know, some hidden thing. I didn't, I don't hear what they, I didn't hear at the end of the nine one one call at the hangup what is purported to be said? By Who? By anyone in the family. I believe the 9 1 1 operator when she says I heard, I thought I heard Patsy say I called, I called nine, I called the police.


Now what now? Yeah. That sound, that sounds more believable to me than when they, when they did the whole gimmick of slowing down the nine one one call and slowing down when people heard in the background and whose voice is whose you hear what you wanna hear. Yes. That's very true. And also that part was ludicrous because, well, it it was just tv. Yeah. I mean that's the part where I was just sitting there going, oh, they're really trying to stretch this out. I bet you when they cut that other stuff and the other episodes, they had to go back and like fill time or something because that was so ludicrous. First of all, every sound editor in the world would watch that and just be like, these are the people I hate working with. Totally. You don't have to tell me that we need to go back and reduce the noise because clearly that's until you can hear what people are saying.


We have to keep on trying to clarify the clip. Yeah. Like the idea that they were sitting next to that man going, bring this down and bring this up. Or just like this. Yeah, yeah. Well here's what I hear actually knows how to use the machine. So, and the moment Someone tells you what they're hearing, you hear it, it too. Of course. Even if it's not there. And especially with something like this where it's like you're hearing Patsy Ramsey's voice. You're hearing John Ramsey's voice. Yeah. I just, yeah. But, but at the same time, the what they're arguing by hearing Burke Ramsey's voice at the end of that is that he wasn't in bed. And I have a lot of problems with the idea that he was in bed through that whole time. Because a why, when you just found out that your child is kidnapped and gone, would you let your other child be somewhere else?


You would grab the other child and make sure they're by your fucking side the whole time. That's the first thing you would do. The First thing you would do. Yes. Why didn't he get outta bed when he heard his mom flipping the fuck out to see what was going on and what was wrong? Well, what he said in those interviews is he's a real deep sleeper all the time. Always. Right. He's using words like, I'm always, always, I never hear anything. I'm always a deep sleeper. Okay. Prepped. Yep. So that's why would they lie about that? Because they're lying. 'cause the whole thing is bullshit and I mean Right. Yeah, I agree. That kind of thing where like the 9 1 1 dispatcher heard things that even if she didn't hear exact words, like she was talking about the vocal tone changed. Yeah. So she knows that Patsy thought the phone was hung up and suddenly the the like act was dropped.


Shit. And that's what she was hearing. Maybe she got the words wrong or right. We don't know. But like that in and of itself also, when Burke goes, what did you find? Right? That little quote, which you can hear pretty clearly. I know, but it's like, it's such a weird little voice. Like he's, you don't hear what did happen. He doesn't sound scared. No, he doesn't sound upset. He sounds like someone that's going through that with not a lot of emotion Worry. Okay. So what about, okay, why would, let's say that they all had something to do with it. She wrote the 9 1 1, I mean the ransom letter. Why would they call 9 1 1 immediately without getting rid of the body in the morning?


Like why wouldn't they, why wouldn't he have taken the body out and and disposed of it? I mean, who the fuck knows? Because I think it's because it's still their daughter, so they're not gonna leave their daughter a dead garbage dump. The problem with this case too is that there's so many things I've heard about, for example, that there was a book turn, there was a dictionary in someone's study turned to the word incest. The only place I've ever seen that is in, you know, forums of people writing about the case. I've never seen that in, in a actual, you know, crime scene writeup. Yeah. That sounds like something A seventh grade girl would say, Yeah, there's so much shit in this.


There was a Book open on the desk, You guys, there was so much shit. There was so much shit that I'm like, well I heard this thing was what they found, but it's not in the autopsy report, so why would it Ugh. It's just because it's like weird gossip because people start talking about stuff like this and suddenly it takes on a life of its own. But here's the thing I thought when they were going over all those crime, the crime scene footage, who the fuck sees that their son killed their daughter with a, by hitting her on the head with a flashlight, takes that flashlight, sticks it on the kitchen counter and leaves it there. That's the thing that you would dump and get rid of. And that's the thing that baffled I kept saying is this picture from earlier.


Yeah. Where they just know for a fact they own the flashlight. But no, but here, but okay, well I'm gonna, I'm gonna immediately argue the other way. Do it because I can and I like it. Yes. You, you're fucking freaking out. You had to start a ransom note twice, three times because you're freaking out. You don't think to move this one piece. I just don't think you think everything through, and there's no blood on it as they showed by having this fucking most fucked up kid in the world, hit a goddamn mannequin with pig skin and a wig. All of that was like all of that. I say, shame on you. CVS. Oh my. 'cause that was not necessary. It was super gimmick. Creepy. He looked like a little child actor, but his eyes were a bit wild.


The whole thing of that was Gross. Honestly, that whole time I felt so bad for the hosts because I was, I, you can tell that the producer was like, you have to fucking do this. Yes. And both the hosts were like, I'm a fucking gross. I'm a fucking journalist. Yeah. I'm a fucking, like, We're trying to fight. Yeah. I Got actual answers. Yeah, we're, and you need this clip, A six foot cop who was a hun, 200 pounds is being tased to show unnecessary what it might have been like for JonBenet, which is like, sorry, none of this equates this. Is that, That and when they were in a parking lot and the hosts were gonna go speak to the Ramseys, that couldn't be recorded. And there was a whole like five minutes of that, of them waiting around in the parking lot for the host to come back and talk about unnecessary.


The whole thing was unnecessary. It Was, they were, I think they were trying to be verite, but it was also, they're like, so we've got this insane interview that we've been waiting for, but the guy's like, not on camera, but I'll tell you what I know. Yeah. You just can't record it. Nope. So they need to, they need the, the, what do you call it? Like they need the authenticity of the fact that they got this huge get of an interview. Like It's legitimate. Like this is legitimate because we're actually speaking to them. It also shows to me as a person that's worked in TV for a long time, the run and gun style where you have to make up solutions on, on the fly. And if you are thinking it would be cool to work in tv, just go and look at Eddie Schmidt, the producer of the show, standing in the Safeway parking lot watching all the beautiful SUVs drive away.


Yep. While he stands there with the cameramen for Four and a half hours probably Waiting. Yeah. They, they ate a bunch of Safeway donuts and just kicked it waiting to find out what happened. Yeah. Because that's what it's really Like. And you know what? You, okay, here's a fucking thing. Maybe they did talk to the fucking whites on camera and the whites said the same thing. They always say very fucking, you know, bullet pointed. And it wasn't as interesting. And so they said, let's pretend like they wouldn't speak to us. Yes. Is that a thing? Well, Yeah, because the thing that I was shocked by another piece of information was that Fleet White wrote an open letter. Yeah. Telling John Ramsey, you need to cooperate with the police. Totally.


That's crazy. They were, the whites came over the, the morning of the murder. Yeah. They were the first group of people there. First call after the Phony nine oh one call And Fleet White was with John Ramsey when he found JonBenet's body. I wonder If those two people feel used as fuck. Well, they were. Yeah, they were. Because that's another thing they talked about. Hmm. Is that's a very common thing. Invite someone in Right. To witness you finding the body. You don't find the body alone. No. If you've done it, yes. You bring people in to witness. Yeah. That was fucking fascinating. Yes. There's a lot of like, if you choose to look at it through this one angle. Right. Which, which, Which I think we should do the opposite in a minute too.


I think we should look at it from an intruder angle. But in that way, a man who has two planes, first of all, sidebar for people, for millionaires, a millionaire's house is kind of a shitty house. Like there was, it was clearly pre the declutter trend of the mid two thousands because there was so much shit everywhere. And it was like, there was like fake autumn leaves that were plastic in a, in a drawer that was hanging down from the top of a like tackiest book shelving system. It was like, what? Sorry, you're rich. What is this house? And when they went to like open JonBenet's bedroom door, there were all those hand marks on the outside. Did you see that? Like a finger marks or like kids grabbing the door?


Yeah. It just was like there. It was weird to me. And this whole time when they say her body was found in the wine cellar. Yeah. I'm picturing a wine Cellar. No. That was the most depressing, creepy room I've ever seen about it Was the cement room where they threw old shit and maybe kept some wine. I don't know. But like it, the whole thing was, there was a lot of cognitive dissonance. Can I tell you, when they were doing the like walkthrough of it, I was thinking I watch a shit ton of HGTV and the whole time I was like, well, you take down this wall. Yes. You'd open the basement up and so it could be like a, a man cave and it'd have an open concept thing. And the spiral staircase is so dated and unnecessary. Like the whole time I was like thinking of the property brothers being like, you take this fucking wall down the Spiral staircase.


It looks like something that would be in my hometown in a house that was left over from 1965. Like it is so weird and tacky. Yeah. And like, if you've ever gone down one of those metal spiral staircases in a house, oh, it's so, it feels like you're gonna die the whole time. You're gonna Fall fucking face forward into the other, the bar that's on the next spiral. So weird. That whole part. But I guess my point actually was super rich people like that, that are kind of, they're, they're the people. They don't even fly first class. They don't fly commercial Business at all. Oh, right. They get their own fucking place. They have private planes. They're private plane rich. These are people who think they can get away with whatever, because they already are up above the fray.


They're not anywhere near Judy and Johnny lunch. How crazy is it that she was 21 years old when they got married? Yeah. And he had already had a whole family. He was what then? I think he was like 16 years older than her. That means he was like in his mid late thirties. Yeah. 21-year-old girl that he marries. Yep. I mean, we've all met 21 year olds. They're fucking idiots. Yeah. Even that seems uncommon these days. Yeah. Like 21 is a bit of a throwback. So he marries this trophy wife. They have a trophy daughter man, and a third Place Son. Alright. The third house is ugly. Terrible. I liked that.


It was told that 76% of the ransom note was bullshit. Erroneous. Yeah. Too much. All you needed was these four lines They're selling. They kept saying the phrase they're selling. They're selling it. Yeah. That there wasn't, there didn't need to be blood from the blow to the head, even though they showed it in the worst way possible. That was interesting also. So you get, you see this ransom note letter, it says, don't call the fucking cops or we'll behead your daughter multiple times. Yes. The first thing they do is call the cops. Yes. Why is that? Even if 'cause they wrote the letter. Yeah. And they know it's not actually gonna happen. Even if The letter wasn't, even if they didn't do it and the the letter was found, they still made so many mistakes and, and it was still a fake ransom note.


No matter. That's what's so hard about, it's no matter what, it was a fake ransom note. Yes. That's a hundred percent true. So it's hard to be like, who wrote this ransom note? You can't be like, but it was a fake ransom note. So the parents did it. No, the the ransom note was fake no matter what. Yes. There's no small foreign faction, no Kidnapping. Six girls and the kid was already Dead. Yes. In the basement. Right. So it's not like, and then you, and you clearly didn't bring this, if the ransom note had been brought in and then she was found dead, it would've been like, oh, they meant to kidnap her. But didn't, it didn't happen. Right. Also, the point they made very early. And that is like, to me, the proof of almost everything is you don't kidnap a 6-year-old girl out of a millionaire's house and ask for a hundred thousand dollars.


It's Insane. That's the dumbest fucking part of it where it's like you have a living child, it's millions. You ask for millions and you know, this person's a millionaire. They talk about him, they talk about him as if they know him so personally in that letter. Well, they say a couple things in it. They say that, that get it out of your account. Yeah. So they know that that's how much that he has at least that in his account. Yeah. Not get the fucking money no matter what you can do. Yeah. The other thing is get a big enough quote attache case. Who gives a shit what size bag? You know, get a brown paper bag. Yeah. You don't need to tell this person that get this much money, period. Yes. Well that's, yeah. That's clearly someone just having Thinking way too hard about this And, and also believing their own shit.


Like that's that thing where instead of having the, the self-consciousness to go, is this believable? Or whatever. Yeah. It was just like sit down and have creative writing session. Yeah. And saying, get some rest. You're going to, this is gonna be complicated. It's like she, okay, let's just say it was Patsy writing this thing. She sat down at a desk. It was Patsy rest. She started out, But he might have been Dictating, he could have been dictating, let not forget her handwriting. She was A journalist major too. So she knows how to write. Yes. Could go. I'm sorry. No, no, no. But it, it is just that idea of like, you get started, you're already got the adrenaline running some insane shit. You're, you're in a surreal place anyway. Then you just start kind of going for it where it's you're quoting speed.


Yeah. You're like, here's What she die. The girl dies. Da, here's what, Here's what people who have seen too many movies about it think that a ransom letter is written. What About just, can we skip to the part? Yes. Where they interviewed the gardener and he talked about Patsy Ramsey coming out to talk about the OJ verdict. That part I was like, I don't care what else happens in this thing. The idea that there's a, a first per person eye witness talking about Patsy Ramsey's reaction to oj, Which is that you can get away with murder in America. Yes. But there was also just, it was that, but then it was also just the general kind of mashup of like, this is like pop culture gone mad.


Yeah. On I TV V right now. The, it's interesting how much the oj the Simpsons had to do with this murder. Like how much they were Affected by Each other. And you know, I was reading some of the movie quotes and how similar they were and they were also people online who are fucking brilliant, interesting people who say, here's when this movie showed in Boulder, like near the date of her murder. Like, whoa. The night before one of the, one of the movies was played on tv. Oh My God. The, You know, November 29th this movie was played on TV in Boulder. Brilliant. It's really fucking interesting. See, That's the shit, like, that really is the, it's the wave of the future.


It's people, armchair detectives, Webs, sleuth man Who are going to solve the big stuff. Totally. Because that's the kind of stuff that, you know, like if cops and all those cops that talk like that one investigator that, that quit. 'cause he was like, yeah, this is disgusting. Loved seeing him young and then seeing him interviewed. He was hot stuff, Stuff super fucking hot. He was hot. And also just his like burning sense of justice. Yeah. Was delicious. Oh my God. And he was just want him to, I want him to win. Yeah. And, and it's that thing of like, well, he, he quits. So, so then nothing goes forward. But then it's like, yeah, but, or he stays and goes insane. Yeah. Or takes the fall or it's just that, or is It or hates himself for the rest of his life.


Yeah. 'cause he didn't do the right, he didn't do anything. Right. Quitting sometimes is like the only way you can show how passionate you are about something. Right. It's a state, it's a real political state statement. And if he was told this has become a political situation, then he has to be political too. You, you just have to play on the, on the playing field. Well, the, Them saying that everyone indict, everyone voted to indict the Ramseys Yes. For having some hand in Yes. JonBenet dying. Yes. And the fucking police chief Just being like, no, thanks. It Giving a news conference that they're not doing it. Now. One of the very first last podcast on the left episodes I listened to on your recommendation.


Yeah. Was their JonBenet Ramsey? Is It two part? They Yes. At least the last Podcast. Unless has a two part JonBenet Ramsey episode. That, that's great. That is fucking incredible. So thoroughly researched. Yeah. It's so awesome. And we're back here. We're back here to really review something else we're reviewing from the past. I'm proud of myself for having the stands even back then of like, let's not use the word panties. Why our grown educated people casually, scientifically throwing out the word panties. I feel like that. And when someone else pointed it out and I just got to be there to observe talking about, we don't call it kitty porn, right?


That's, this is, it's CSA child sexual assault materials. Like that idea of it is part of the problem. Totally. And is part of like the delineation that needs to be made of like the casualness, the grossness, and also the kind of maybe insinuating that anybody is there voluntarily or happily. Right. It's not porn, it's not the same thing as porn. No. At All. But like, but really indicative of this was this. It's just weird to me how much the show. Like it doesn't feel like it was that long ago. It was a really long time ago. I Was almost like, now we're back in 2024, but no, we're not, we're now in 2025 even.


Yeah. That's so fuck. Almost 10 fucking years. Yeah. Let's get back into the episode, shall we? Alright, Let's get back into the rest of the story.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs and stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually Yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi, magnesium, l-theanine, apigenin and melatonin beam's already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Girlies like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A Nice hot drink and you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer yet. For a limited time, try Their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% offer in limited time. Go To shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's Shop BEA m.com/murder. And Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Contrary to popular belief, since the birth of man women have also existed and Yet it's so hard to find bras and shapewear that don't feel like a punishment. Enter honey Love. Honey Love is an independent female founded brand specializing in bras, shapewear, and intimates designed for real women's bodies Because all honey love products are intelligently designed by women who actually wear them. They recently launched the cross flex bra, which is designed to support you all day from your workday to your workout. Honey Love Brass are supportive and wire free thanks to bonding technology that lifts without underwire. You deserve a bra that's lightweight and comfortable without sacrificing support. A great bra is the foundation of any great outfit. Start every outfit with honey, love and elevate your style. Treat Yourself to the best brass and shapewear on the market. Save 20% off honey. love@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use our exclusive link to get 20% off honey love.com/mfm to find your perfect fit. After You purchase, they ask you where you've heard about them. Please show support for the show and tell them we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style with Honey. Love. Goodbye.


One of the, to me most fascinating parts was them talking about how John Ramsey is a millionaire because he is got this computer programming company or some computer something company, but that they don't really know what it does. What does, it has a government contract, I believe they said. And it, he makes millions of dollars a year, but they can't really figure out what he does. We gotta ask Mr. Robot Dad's a right, he's coming back, Mr. Robot gotta shut him down and then we Gotta go Torah Emanuel and be like, what the fuck Are you doing? Later does Happens and are you doing later? But I just thought that was a, I love that theory because I love there, there is some bigger thing at work.


Oh, for sure. That's keeping the district attorney of Boulder underneath John Ramsey's thumb. W why does he have that much power aside from just money there's got Boulder. Well, Since, I mean this is so dumb, but since watching Mr. Robot hacking emails seems like a very easy thing to do. Yes. Hacking fucking internet searches. You have some shit on someone and Oh, So you think he did that to them? Maybe and just was baby, maybe. Maybe they have some shit on the fucking chief of police, you know. Sure. Emails. I mean, let's go to the fucking obvious child pornography. Right. Anything. Yeah. And he knows about it before even the police would know.


Sure. That's So You, that's fascinating. I like to how they jump straight to Patsy as an MK ultra Robot. Yeah. I just that, well, I wrote, I let's go back to my l article. I fucking can, I I wrote in it that how beautiful would it be if it was MK Ultra or if it was God damnit Steven Steven The moment I said MK Ultra Steven's phone started barking. And it's like the MK Ultra, The government's trying to shut us down. Yeah. Who has that? Don't give a fuck. We're talking about it. Steven, you're fired, Steven. No, You're not Steven. You're rehired at a higher rate.


Elvis, you're in. Yeah. I I would love it if it were that simple. That Beautiful and Interesting. Yes. And interesting and not awful, but the reality is like, parents kill their children more than strangers kill their children or kill people's chil Yes. It's always from the family. That's it. That's the first place they look for a reason. It's usually an inside job and it's also the darkest choice. Yeah. So it's the biggest bummer that most people don't wanna look at at all. I know. I know. It's because that's S horrible. It's horrible. Yeah. I think, I mean, go. It's hard to find them. Actually, I was looking for them today, but the initial press interviews with John Ramsey, which you can see in the CVS Zocdoc are cold and creepy.


Yeah. He's a real creeper. I don't think that that necessarily, like, as people have said about many people in this series, like I think we're just learning now how people grieve, how, what they look like when they're under pressure and all this stuff. And You know, I I I agree with that all completely. But this is fucking Goodbye. Let's move on. Yes. It's, it's very, it's so telling, once you re-look at it and like under, aside from thinking exactly who did it or exactly what the situation was, I just know that like my father, like if you are talking about someone who just died, baby, you, you, even if you're a man and a strong man and you were in a war, you whatever.


Yeah. Your, your child, you would get choked up. You just, that's, you're, the words are coming outta your mouth and you're listening to them. If you have a total disconnect, then you're, then you give a great press conference. Can I say, let me, let's impart in a, a personal part of this because people fucking love that. But when I was like 13 and on drugs and like a really bad kid and one night I just didn't come home and my sister had dropped me off somewhere and I just went out with my fucking punk rock friends and my parents called the police and were freaking out. And my brother later said to me like the next, when I finally came home and I just been on drugs all night, was like, and he lived with my dad. He said, I heard dad in the other room weeping.


Weeping. And my dad's not like that. Right. And I fucking, that was one of the things that made me stop doing drugs. Yeah. So the thought of my dad weeping at me, just not being home. Right. So the fact that he's just, I mean, I know we all react differently. Yes. But the the, the reaction, his fucking demeanor is Cold. Cold. It's incredibly cold. He doesn't put his arm around his wife who's crying. No. There's a real, like he has a real b of a bank manager Yes. Feel to him where he's letting you know your house is getting foreclosed On. Yeah. And I, and I don't have, I have shut myself off from other people's emotions for so long that I just don't care.


Well and also like he's in business mode where Yeah. This is an emergency. All the like emergency cord got pulled and now that's the mode he's in. And he's completely like car compartmentalized. All, all of everything. The me the emergency garrote got pulled. Oh dude, that thing is such a bummer. I think he, he was in the Navy. Is is that true? And he worked for A Small Foreign Faction in the Philippines. Is That true? And their SBTC has something to do with a Navy. I Can't remember. Is that true? It's absolute victory is is signing things. Oh, oh, I wrote a thing. Is Signing things victory with an exclamation point's From the Navy.


Here's one of the, because That's so stupid. Here's okay. Although I am changing my email signature to Do you dare me. I might do it right the second Second. Oh, I'm Gonna do it. Okay. So, so I I read Victory, I read a bunch of shit of like, of, I read a bunch of, mostly the comments on people's blog posts about what it was were fucking more interesting than the blog posts. Yes. One of them was, it was on web sleuths. Someone said on your phone keypad the number corresponds with three or four letters. Look for SBTC. The numbers are 7 2 8 2 7 2 8 2 corresponds with PATC, pat. CC Don't underestimate us John.


Use that good southern common sense of yours. It's up to you Now John, victory for Patsy. I know, But what is that victory for Patsy? Patsy. So maybe Patsy. No, I mean I know it's her, but I'm how I don't know. It's, I it's so it's one of those. Yeah. Isn't that interesting? Yes it is. It has nothing to do with it. Well also that's a really good, that's a really good way to make up a code Total. Let's do it right now. I mean, pick one. What's your name on here? Hard kill. Hard Kill. Hard Kill. Alright. Here, let me write some, like, I wrote like a bunch of fucking thoughts. Why sign a ransom note to begin with? Right. Nobody signs a ransom note. No one expects you to put your name on there. No.


Did you know there were also, and we should do a quick, like, let's do the site of, it was an intruder because there's a lot Of them. Yes. Okay, let's do it. There were 38 registered sex offenders living within two miles of the house in Boulder. Yes. That's A Lot. That's a lot. In Boulder. Small JonBenet had been to the pediatrician, p pediatrician over the last three years of her life. 27 times. That's a lot. That's too many. That's Too many. Wait, was was Patsy some kind of weird? She Might have had Munch On my proxy For Sure. Yeah. Okay. That's what that says to me. Okay. If Patsy had nothing to do with any of it and John did, it makes sense that she's the one to like, who, if someone makes the panic, nine one one call the other person is telling them not to read the note.


It says not to call. Yes. So one way or the other, you know what I mean? Or Like she's being manipulated. Right? Yeah. I think Patsy was manipulated this whole time. Maybe she knew some things and so she couldn't tell the truth. Yes. I think that's what it looked like in that CNN in her interview where she's got pill eyes and she's going, I love my daughter with her eyes closed. Baby close. Yeah. Yeah. There, I think that she maybe knew some of it and agreed to it and didn't realize the extent of her husband's fucking awfulness. But Also that idea that she would be telling she, she said if we live in Boulder, which She, She said the phrase, if we live in Boulder, which I wrote down, don't they live in Boulder?


I would, I would tell everyone in Boulder If we live in Boulder. And she says, I tell my friends. So it's this like weird thing of like, who are you telling? Yes. And she's saying there's a killer out there. Hold your babies tight. Yeah. But the idea that it, that's a given. Yeah. Like you don't have to underline that. If you are this morning mother who as If she didn't because she was very protective of her children. Yeah. Oh, you said in your l article you said the thing about we have to stop using the word panties. Oh, can we not? It's so true. But you know what I thought of is Henry Lee, Dr. Henry Lee has such a thick accent. Yeah.


I bet you the word underwear was hard for him to say. This man is such a famous Yeah. And prolific and Oh Yeah. Legendary forensic pathologist. If you don't watch true Crime shit, you wouldn't know that. Dr. Lee, Henry Lee is someone that we all fucking admire. He's ama everyone the minute he's in on it, you're like, oh, this is legit. Oh, this is legit. And also he has a building. They went to his building Yeah. With his name on the front of it to talk about the, some of that DNA stuff. So like there's no no, no sweat off Henry Lays back in any way. Absolutely not. Yeah. And he's not gonna, he's also not going to bullshit. He's not gonna be paid to do a show with his opinion.


No. Because they need a certain opinion. He's not gonna lie. No. I feel like all of those scientists Yeah. Really were there. My, Oh my God. Because like, this thing is fucked and we need to look at it and at least just organize the paperwork. I agree. At the very least. I Agree. The show was great. I wish we could see the last Unaired Yes. Portion of It. I wanna know what they cut out. Yeah. Real bad. I think they fucked everyone over by not showing that. But I wonder if it was stuff that, that Burke Ramsey's lawyers were like, go ahead and air it. We'll own CVS in a a year. What I was thinking is that the four bias document docuseries before it covered so much of it already that they didn't, we're like, you know what? We don't need to add this.


Maybe except for Well, I I have to see the other ones to know. Yeah. But I don't know. I mean, 'cause their whole thing was like, we're gonna discover all this stuff and we're gonna Yeah. Werner Spitz. Oh God, I love him. I want, He has a straight up Peaky Blinders haircut. If you watch Peaky Blinders, that's the same hair. Okay. I, the second I saw him, I was like, Oh my God. Love him. Picture him and Henry Lee put in a house together and they just, there's When people stop being polite And start being real, like, that is my dream. And then like, there's just like, they just get, like, every morning they wake up and it's, instead of Tyra mail, it's like a fucking corpse and they have to figure out what happened to it.


Tyra mail. It's a corpse. Oh my God. How great would that be? I mean, we should just start our own network, I feel like, because also Warner spits guesting on Peaky Blinders. Oh, gorgeous. He could be the German Irish guy that comes in and just points some stuff out. Listen, Emmy's next year we're there. Sure. We're winning. All of them we're, We'll go down to the shrine and stand around near that Burger King. Sure. I'll get a fucking rent. The runway dress. Yeah. The whole thing actually made me, it made me think of like all of those other cases where people, the more people talk about it, the more people hear bullshit, the more like, you know, like the, we talked about the John Mark car theory where he had confessed to being her killer while he was in Malaysia somewhere.


Right. To get out Of, to get out of being in jail because he's a child's Yeah. Molester who had gotten arrested for I think child sex tourism and, and knew that if he went to jail there, he would just die in a pit. Yeah. Somewhere. And So he confessed to killing John Benet and then was extradited. That's really interesting. And when he was extradited and everyone was talking about it, my sister gets a phone call from our childhood friend. I didn't tell you this. You Did, but I don't remember it because I have no memory. And she goes, Oh my God. See that guy on the news right now? That's the guy from my church group I've been complaining about. And apparently John car lived in Petaluma and was in my sister's friend's church group and was the guy that everyone was like, I wanna cancel a church group next week.


I feel so weird. Like he was creeping people out and super weird. Super, like super just bad vibe. Suspicious. And then, I mean, how like satisfying would that be? And then you see him like basically confessing to the murder of JonBenet Ramsey After the Minute I see him, like, you know, when there's like the clips or the trailers to a do a JonBenet fucking, you know, docuseries. And I see him, I'm like, oh, this isn't legit. No, I don't wanna It's hear about him. No, No, no. He has nothing to do with it. Aside from sensationalism. He should just get a big red herring costume. 'cause that's all he is. Should we, all right. I'm gonna read a couple things. Felicia said she did some digging last night and feel super confident about the Burke theory.


She'd learned some things she hadn't before. Okay. This is interesting. There was a 14-year-old girl that was sexually molested by an intruder about nine months after JonBenet was murdered, very close to the Ramsey home. Amy was sexually assaulted in her bed by an intruder that they believed was lying in wait for four to six hours before the attack while they were all asleep. He was never caught. And the Boulder police disregarded the mother's suggestion that he could have been the killer of JonBenet. Amy and JonBenet Ramsey attended the same dance studio. Ew. There are a lot of, okay. So the fact that they had a walkthrough of their Christmas decorated house.


The Ramseys Yeah. What was it A couple days before the murder? Well, It was like a public walkthrough. Yeah. Oh, I didn't Know that. Like co you know, like when you do like a haunted house Yeah. For Halloween. So someone could have, anyone could have been in there. And and the theory is that while the Ramseys were at a Christmas party that night, someone fucking came in broken, knew someone who had a key, got in and hid and waited. Yeah. Totally possible. And then there like depending on what side you wanna argue, either the window in the basement had no leaves where someone scooted in or had an undisturbed spider web.


Yeah. Where that would've been disturbed if someone had scooted in. Like, everyone who has a fucking definitive answer about this needs to stop it. Yeah. Because there's not one. No. And that's, that's the crazy the the cobweb one watching them on that one show. Yeah. Going in and out where I was just like, yeah. But then there's the one time where you don't touch it at all. Totally. And because you're really skinny. 'cause you're on mass Totally. For this or that. Like, or you're careful There's 1 billion. Yes, exactly. The thing that I was thought was very suspicious was they, first of all, they're these millionaires. They have two planes. Yeah. But they have a broken window pane in their basement and they don't fix it. Like I'm the most irresponsible person in the world. And when I broke my kitchen window, I fixed it within three days.


Yeah. Because that's interesting. It's your house. Yeah. And it's an open window. Yeah. Like it's unsafe, it's glass. And then there was some somewhere in that where they, John Ramsey said that they left it like that because he locked, locked himself out a lot. Right. Which is insanity. The Fact that he had admitted to that being his fault, I thought was very weird. Super weird. Because to me it's like, oh, are you trying to justify if there's some latent print somewhere? Because Yeah. It doesn't even what get a hide a key. There's 1 million things, especially as a millionaire, that thick rock you can do man. Yeah. Buy a second fucking house. Like there's all these things you could do instead of breaking a window and leaving it that way.


I thought it was really like, there's some things that to me were like, well if you wanna argue this thing this way, you say this. If you wanna argue at the, like there's things like, like the taser marks. If you want it to be an intruder, it's taser marks. If you don't want it to be an intruder, it's train track. It's burke's toy train track marks. Yes. Every piece of evidence can be argued either way. You fucking want it to be argued. I did think it was interesting when they argued the taser that tasers don't put you to sleep. Right. They actually like, get your adrenaline going and like zap you you or make you scream very much awake. Yeah. That's an interesting thing I think. And I think that that could point to shoddy this super shoddy police work of that these as weird assumptions where it's like they were, they were actually measuring it and being like, yeah, this doesn't even fit a taser shape.


It doesn't. I Think the thing for me, all right, let's, let's do our big conclusion. Great. I think 'cause I'm so tired. I'm so Tired too. Let's do the thing between, between I think the ransom letter and the nine one one call and what happened between when the cops came and her body was found put down and then ugh. I think those days moved All over the house by neighbors and friends And, and picked up DNA all over the carpet. Yeah. And I think those things are the most telling more than anything else in the pineapple. But also, and I think those things all point to it Inside jam.


And it makes more sense to me that one of the three people aside from JonBenet in that house that night, had something to do with it more than a stranger or someone else outside of it. Yeah. It just makes more sense. It does. I mean, the thing that's maddening, I guess is it could be a little bit of everything. Yeah. It could be an intruder who opened that window and saw the suitcase in the room and put it there. 'cause he was like, I'm gonna go get that little girl and take her out the, there's all these things that it could be a little piece of each, but yes, I agree and believe that the, the ransom note is a lie and it's a fabrication.


And the 9 1 1 calls bullshit. I don't bu I don't buy her level. It's acting and it's not good acting. And then the fact that that mag light flashlight fits the hole in JonBenet's head perfectly. Yeah. Is devastating. Like proof that, or at least devastating proof too much. But it's that thing of like, then you, I just, it suddenly made sense of like she did yet another irritating thing to him and he grabbed something nearby, threw it at her or like ran behind her and cracked her with it.


Knowing not a fucking Yeah. Yeah. You don't have to be like, you know, crazy. The good son, evil child to make a terrible mistake. To Me, Patsy and Burke are Patsy. Yeah. And John's The puppet master ego. Yeah. Ego. Well he's gonna take care of business. Like Yeah. This the worst case scenario thing happened. Yeah. And yeah, he's gonna fix it. And did you know that? So out of all the They did, I really liked the, when they take apart the ransom note and, and look letter by letter of who it matches.


So Oh God, where'd to go? So all these people were, lemme get my notes from under my cat. Oh God, where'd it go? Well, a hundred people, their, their writing, their handwriting was compared to the ransom note. Everyone was cleared and everyone keeps saying like, well, Patsy Ramsey was inconclusive outta the a hundred people. Hers was the only one that wasn't cleared. Yeah. That was quote inconclusive. Yeah. She also wrote out the words $118,000 Instead of the numbers. Yeah. Yes. Nobody fucking does that.


No One does that. When asked to rewrite the ransom note, she did that. But I also, I just, I have so much sympathy for her. Well, yeah. The, the idea that she would, she would know that her child was murdered and then have to be a part of the coverup have to be the voice of the coverup. Yeah. The grieving mother. And so then balance those feelings of you actually really did lose your child. But now on in the, in the name, just say if it's the Burke in the name of your other child, you have to continue on and do this thing. Yeah. That's a sickening proposition. Especially when you're someone who appearances means so much to you, Nina. Everything you and I don't give a fuck. I'm sitting fucking spread eagle right now with shorts and I don't give a shit.


My roots need to be dy so bad that strangers laugh at me on the street and Yeah. To be wrapped up in that world that trapping. Yeah. Of of it's, it is its own pageantry. It's an adult version of that, of look at my home. Look now there are balls of shit in my daughter's bed that my son put there. Look at my beautiful children. Please look at my Christmas tree. And you're still winning. You're still gonna win the crown if you're the fucking best at it. That's right. It's just different Insanity. Also, there was that one quote where a little girl, and it's the, the woman that was interviewed, I call her the wine friend that said I was ex I was, you know, turned out, cast out from the friendship where I was like, yeah.


'cause you talked the fucking reporters. Yeah. And you clearly just like ran blabbing the second you could. Totally. But she said that her daughter had gone up to JonBenet's room with her one time and was looking at all the trophies and said, what are these? And she said, I just won those, but they're really my mom's. Yeah. Thinking, first of all, I don't buy that, that actually happened. That sounds like some, I don't like an anecdote someone would write on Twitter about their brilliant child. Yeah. Because it's such an old soul kind of thing. Knowing that's like her commenting on her, the reality of her own life in a way as if she's not a part of it to say, yes, my mother's very wrapped up in my career. Talk about this on ccb s when I'm dead. Yeah.


It doesn't make sense for a 6-year-old. Maybe if she was eight or, I mean, who knows? Everyone wants to make their kids seem like an old soul, but they're just fucking, they scream Sesame Street Socks at the Top of their fucking lock. They're new souls to everybody else in the restaurant when your child's screaming. So shut it. Oh no. Is was that enough JonBenet talk for everybody. Can we, I think it was a lot. I think I'm done talking about this anymore. Yeah. Unless there's new information. Yeah. I would be interested in new information. Yeah. But I feel like we've, we've just hit a peak At True zenith of JonBenet reporting and, and also just that it's this thing of everybody going true crime's so hot right now.


Yeah. True crime or whatever, where it's just like, yeah, but we don't need to keep talking about the same thing over And over. The amount of research I've done on this person that I, this case that I'm really very interested in and I feel a lot of fucking sadness and pain for the victim. I feel like if I keep fucking searching it and, and getting into it and talking about it, I'm just, I'm not, I'm desecrating her fucking memory and I just, I can't keep looking at fucking autopsy photos. No, and it's also, it's not good for your brain. No. It's like not, It's not, it's you're not related. You don't work on it. You don't put yourself through it. I saw a picture on Twitter moments this morning 'cause there was nothing. I was, I was up at like six and there was nothing going on Twitter.


Yeah. So I went, I made the grave mistake of touching the moments button and seeing what the story was there I Was a thing and it said something about JonBenet, but the picture was one where I was like, is this Angelina Jolie? Like her mouth is open and her head is tipped back and she's got all kinds of fucking makeup on. And her hair's brushed away from her head. So you can see like her tall forehead and she truly looks like she's 20. Yeah. And it's such a sexual picture. Yeah. And that's the picture tw Twitter moments chose to use creepy as the JonBenet headline picture. Not the cute one. Nope. Where she's got the little bangs and the little hat and she just looks like she's on vacation. Yeah. It was like, she might as well been like grabbing her own neck. It was such a sexual like, perfume commercial. Let's stop doing this.


Let's stop it. It's gross to her poor Baby. I mean, it's not gonna stop though 'cause it's No, It's There's, it's so fucking salacious and it's so mysterious. She is a sweet, she we're gonna file her away as a sweet baby angle and she will be in And your you are and mine and My favorite murder is hearts. And we feel awful and wish it would solve be solved, but it's not. It's just not. There's not, even if it gets solved, people are gonna say it's a fucking conspiracy. Right. Yeah. Keep your, Keep your babies close And keep your foreign factions even closer, dude And the punk rock band.


And stay sexy And don't get murdered. Bye Elvis. Want a cookie? Want cookie? Cookie? Good boy. We are back. And they're actually, this is what's very interesting. There are some case updates. So 28 years later, of course the murder of JonBenet Ramsey remains unsolved. There are countless documentaries and forums where people talk about who they think did it theories everywhere. Earlier this year, John Ramsey met with the new Boulder police chief and said it was the first time he felt that the case was in good hands and that it gave him a lot of hope.


You know, it's so funny 'cause recently I talked about the new documentary Cold Case who killed JonBenet Ramsey. And it's another one of those, like John Ramsey is interviewed throughout it and I was like, I'm convinced he didn't do it, blah, blah blah. And I just, I still am like, I don't fucking know like all of this. First of all, we should have said allegedly from the top, did we even say that word in this episode? I Doubt it. No, there's no way we said allegedly. No. We had no idea that we should be doing things like that. No. This is all allegedly. I mean, my, my mind changes all the time. And I will also say that an update on this is that Burke Ramsey sued CBS over this documentary. Yeah. And he sued for 250 million in compensatory damages and 500 million in punitive damages and it was settled outside of court.


Yeah. So it, it was this, this documentary was inflammatory. Oh My God. It absolutely was pointing that. I mean Yeah. It was almost like they're saying, we know that there's a demand for this solution. Right. So we're going to try to get you as close to that as possible, which is just kind of like anything can be produced. Yeah. If you're on that side of things and just basically kind of trying to steer people a certain direction, it still doesn't mean the case just because you've compiled kind of like your own narrative, your own television narrative. Right. Like a possibility of something happening. I mean to me at this point, I, I was looking over the case again before we recorded. I really don't think in my heart that Burke this 10-year-old boy had anything to do with what happened.


I do think that the ransom note is going to be the answer somehow. 'cause it's just so fucking weird and you can't get past it. Yes. You know, there's so many weird specifics in that ransom note. Yeah, no, I agree with you. But all of this is just like, I feel like people theorizing people online. Yeah. Everybody talking about it, everyone is influenced by these documentaries. Totally. So it's like we all believe in 2016 that we, you know Right. We were really close to it and then it's like of course 10 years later everyone's like, well clearly it's not that. Absolutely not. And after this episode aired, a lovely writer named Nathan Raven at Vulture wrote a very nice article about us and this episode. So thank you so much to him.


That was very nice. Yeah. I mean, any final thoughts? I feel like this is just one of those, you know, JonBenet, it's like we've been seeing her face in the grocery store tabloid kind of like rack since the moment this happened. It is from a different time. It is an insane tragedy. Yet it is still the kind of like white woman syndrome, white child syndrome. Yeah. This is the most important kind of murder rich people. It's the thing of like, we want rich people to pay some sort of a price. Right. We wanna know what's going on inside other people's houses. Yeah. Especially big mansions. Yeah, definitely. I do still think John Mark Carr should be looked closer at, especially after watching that cold case who killed JonBenet Ramsey?


'cause they interview the like private detective who was baiting him and he did know more than he should have. Yeah. About the family. That was the guy that like showed up Right. And was suddenly kind of saying, I need to talk about maybe I'm involved in this. Yes. Your sister was saying in this, in our, this episode, your sister's talking about having known him somehow too. Oh it was. It was like friend of a friend type of thing. Yes. Where somebody discovered that he had been in their church group. So I don't know. I still am not totally convinced he doesn't have something to do with it or knows someone who does. But we'll update it again in 10 years when Yeah. We finally have the answer. Can you imagine? Double rewind, double rewind, Double rewind.


We're again changing our stance on this. All right. So if we were gonna name this episode today, small foreign faction I just think is such a fucking tight name. Like It's perfect. A Small Foreign Faction gets it all said in it keeps you wanting more simultaneously. But this one, if we were to name it today, it's something I still think about and still comes up in my head every time I hear it. We could call this episode Scream Sneezer For Sure. Scream Sneezer was one of those things when you and I started discussing it, people online really like this conversation because it was like, it gave people a chance to either accuse their like loved one of being one. Right. Or tell their own personal story or admit they were or defend themselves.


There's a lot of scream sneers who are like, I can't help it. And you know. Yes. It's hilarious. Then I be a little more aware of it. I realized at I am since then that I'm a screamy Ya. And that is a whole, that's a whole nother fucking therapy session for me. Have you heard me scream y Not scream, but like I know that that is like, I know you're just trying to catch your breath, but there have been, yeah, there have been some loud ones for yawns that are supposed to be on the quieter side. That's ridiculous. Okay. What else do we got? Oh, angry. Complaining. Oh, definitely. Basically that what I was talking about, that there's a new format for the show and angry complaining would be the new top of show.


That should be its own podcast. Completely. I mean I think that is podcasts in general. That's Then Older Sister Corner of course, because that's what we talk about all the time. Yes. And yeah, we need, we need to know what Laura and Leah think about the podcast, right? Yeah. The foundation of this podcast was built on bossy older sisters'. So True. And sister relationships in general. Like it's the sisters that got us where we are today. For sure. Yeah. If we weren't traumatized so incredibly by our older sisters, we wouldn't be where we are today. So You've got to know that that pain really does get planted deep into the soil of life experience and grows a beautiful podcast for you too.


Alright, well thanks you guys for listening to this episode of Rewind. We really appreciate you guys like inviting another episode into your week and your life. Oh My God. Especially you people who listen to the, listen to it the first time more than once. I feel like there's people that are really out there doing triple and quadruple duty and yeah, to you, we say thank you especially. Thank You. Thank you so much. And We also say stay sexy And don't get murdered. Elvis, do you want a cookie? Ah.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment by a tundra or Tacoma today. Visit buy a toyota.com, Toyota's official website for deals or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


It's tax season and by now I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength and numbers with LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


This Message comes from Greenlight ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly. Set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.