
This is exactly right.


I am journalist, Becky Milligan, host of The Butterfly King, a World War II murder mystery podcast on exactly right. It's a cruel tale of a doomed royal dynasty when King Boris of Bulgaria dies. Suddenly in 1943. every nation is a suspect. Join me as I unravel 80 years of lies and coverups to get to the truth, Who killed The. Butterfly King binge all eight episodes of The Butterfly. King available now wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello Guys. This is Rewind with Karen in Georgia. We are, it's a little something new for all the marinos out there. It's a little look back onto our past. We're going back to our first episodes and we're gonna add in all new commentary to our favorite moments from the episode. Also, our corrections corners case updates. Just a lot of shit talking. Yeah. Basically, we've been doing this so long that it's fun to look back at how different we were at the very beginning. We were very different. We were very ignorant. Yeah. And we have learned a lot along the way. We Were green.


Right. And there's people who say this podcast has been going on so long that they, it's too late for them to get into it. We're here to say that's not true. That's right. So now you can invite your doula Or your creepy cousin, Your tattooist, to listen along with you and to, you know, get a feel for the beginning so that they can catch up. I mean now everybody can be a day one listener. That's right. So Right now we're gonna take you back. We're gonna rewind it all the way back to January 22nd, 2016. We're in George's apartment, we're podcasting. There's no research, there's no documents, there's No sources, No one's written anything on a piece of paper.


There's Giggling during horrible talk, which we don't do anymore. Yeah. So There's a lot of, there's a lot of early days behavior. Yeah. Hold onto your butts. Here's episode two. Enjoy. Hey, welcome. To. my favorite murder. Hey, I'm Karen. I'm Georgia. And we love murder. We love murder. We don't wanna get murdered. We love true crime. We love true crime. We love to talk about bad things that have happened. Yep. To good people. Yep. Hopefully they won't happen to us if we talk about it enough. It, it's as if we could ward it off Yep. With just our, with our positive verbal energies And our anxiety over getting murdered.


'cause sometimes when you share an anxiety, it, it alleviates it a little bit. Yeah. I think it also lessens the chance of it happening. That's right. We're really, we're changing the future with our words. Georgia was very harsh with me when I arrived at her apartment Because she said, have you been watching that? And I said, don't talk about it. I said, have you been watching? I barely had the word watching out. And she screamed, don't talk about it, but didn't explain that it, she wanted to save it for the podcast. It was as if this was a forbidden subject. Like, I Literally was like, never talk about it. Like how I am with sex in the city. Don't talk about it in front of me. Oh, you don't wanna a spoiler. Is that why Right. Ever in my life, I wanna keep that pure for the rest of my days. Never. You've never, Never One never seen, you've never done one episode.


I saw part of once when they went to LA and it was, it really depressed me. Fair enough. Okay. Let's talk about it. Okay. It's, I meant, I meant save it for the show. Okay. This is the show. Okay. There's, I just started watching it yesterday. Same with me. What Episode are you on? Two. Okay. This is fun because I'm on like, it just fin we just finished three. Oh, Okay. Okay. The, the show we're talking about is Making of a murder. Making a Murderer. Making A Murderer on Netflix. It's like, think the Jinx, but fucking better. Yeah. Do to love it. I, it's amazing. It's what, what I think is amazing is we are truly now in this era where everyone's life has been recorded in some way because there is so much footage of that guy, So much, So much footage.


And you realize it's because that's how everything works these days. Yeah. But he was also in the news, like for the past 18 years. Yes. So the story is the, and it's really funny because this story, there's two separate stories here. One of which the murder I already knew about. So as soon, and I didn't realize that that's what was going on Mm. Until they started talking about the murder. So the first episode, which I thought was a standalone thing, I thought they were just gonna talk about like, people who got exonerated. Oh. The first episode is the story of this guy Steven Avery getting spoilers spoiler. Yeah. But you're gonna see the first episode. It's fine. He, he gets exonerated for rape after 18 years in prison And kind of finding out that he's been railroaded by his own cousin and the people that live in his community.


It's One of those like, it's like the West Memphis three, where it's like, how the fuck did this get as far as it did? Yeah. One of those, like, these guys clearly a huge miscarriage of justice. This is terrifying. We could go to prison at any moment for anything. Yeah. Well, yes, because it's that freaky thing of like, as you pull back and realize this is happening all over the country Yep. All over the world where people in power, it's an abuse of power and people just doing whatever they wanna do. Totally. There's these amazing interviews. Oh, Oh, my God, all the depositions. There's like hundreds of hours of depositions And it's these people that, I swear to God, if, if it was a sketch show, you'd be like, that guy's too broad. Totally. Like the, the mealy mouthed district attorney guy with the little glasses and the kind of perfectly balding head that was like, They are so depressing like this.


They are the reasons I point to all of them that I never wanna work in an office job again if I like, can save myself. Yeah. Because those are the people you work with and you fucking hate them. And more, more so for me is watching people lie. It's so fascinating because you can smell a lie. It doesn't matter how you think you might be good at it or whatever. Yeah. How do you people know you're lying. How do you, who Do you think you are? Yeah. Everyone knows you're lying. And there that, that one sheriff who is kind of big with the mustache that Did the drawing. Yes. Who, who did a drawing and got them framed like a fucking disgusting. Like, he's the guy who goes hunting and gets like, and like kills an animal with like a shot to the head and then frames it on his wall. Crazy I mean like just the, the level of smugness. Yeah. And, and the way that guy would talk, what I made me love that he Talks like I am, you are stupid.


I'm so much smarter than you. Yeah. I'm gonna act like it when really, And meanwhile he's talking to a lawyer that's deposing you. Totally. And a lawyer who gets paid to argue. So the guy's like, let me finish. Yeah. Like the, the lawyer ends up feeling like a teacher and this guy's like, I don't remember that. Such, such a smug piece of shit. So many Lies. Lying. What do you think? Yeah, he's just, all of it. It's so gross. And then it turns into, and I think we could talk about the crime because this is a, a murder that we probably would've eventually gotten to because it's stuck with me for, so it stuck with me because of what this woman went through, the torture that she went through. Oh, no. Did you ever hear about it before? I don't know. 'cause I'm, I'm like right in the park. Oh. Where they're looking for her I mean. I obviously know She's taken, do you remember there was one where she gets kidnapped and tied up and the nephew and this guy raped and tortured her?


I remembered it from the 'cause of the nephew part. Okay. So when that started happening, and I started talking about it around the third episode, I was like, oh shit. And then his nephew comes in. So I'm like, well, this is, then he did it. 'cause I remember this murder. But they get to, it's crazy. So Wait, basically you're remembering a thing that you saw in like a 2020 style thing. Yeah. Yeah. but it was wrong. I don't Well, that's what we're, that's what we're examining. Okay. Is did where we're, did he commit this murder or did they set him up because this guy, Steven Avery, is now suing the shit out of the county that put him in jail wrongfully. And are they setting him up because this woman disappeared. Right. Are they setting him up for the murder?


Yeah. That's like the question they're gonna answer. I'm positive they are. And I'm only halfway through the second episode. It's great. And it's wonderful because it's one of those things with serial Serial where episode to episode we're like, he's guilty. He's not guilty, he's guilty. And they, the reason they found out about it is because the nephew confessed. And you're like, well, then he did it. And then they show you, they have footage of the nephew confessing. Oh no. And it is, it is troubling. Oh no. Like when you say, I can tell people are lying. He's lying. This kid is making this shit up and it's a false confession. Oh, but is it? I don't know. I'm sorry. It Is it, I'm sorry. Just to say, but it's that weird thing where also it's so much easier when you're watching a documentary and going like, look at this guy. 'cause So it's been laid out for me.


Right. Like, if they were manipulating me to not like people, or like people, whatever. I fall for that stuff every single time. Totally. Totally. Every Time. You know what's really funny too? Is I mean this will come out later, but people, I bet a lot of people will have watched it by the time this actually comes out. Well, what's Fun is it's not episodic. You can go binge the fuck out of it right now. Yeah. It's all on there. That's The best. but it seems like a bunch of people did that because it was like a wildfire Totally. Of people on Twitter being like making up a murder. Like Yes. All of a sudden in a, in a five hour block, everyone was tweeting that they were watching it. It was weird. Is that smart? Like, I feel like episodic makes people more into something. Mimi Makes you smarter. No. Makes people more into something. Oh.


Oh. Like yes. Because you just sit in your house and watch it all day. Yeah. And it, like you becomes your life. Totally. Like, now that Fargo's over, what am I gonna watch For real? God bless Fargo. Right. Oh, gorgeous. The greatest. If Kirsten Duns doesn't win all the awards, even like the ones that don't make any sense, I'm gonna be Bummed. Did I already brag to you that I know the casting director? No. Because she goes to my dog park. No. Yeah. She became Dog park friends. Oh My God. And then a after chatting. And she's just a total, like one of us kind of gal Oh My God. And turns out that, and so I, we have each other's phone numbers, like to text. 'cause every once in a while I'll be like, oh, text me if you're gonna go. Yeah. So we'll be at the dog park at the same time. Holy shit. Text me if you're gonna go bring Kirsten Dust.


But I, I, the first episode I watched, I texted her. I'm like, this show is amazing. Yeah. 'cause I was, I loved the first season. Yeah. And I was like, there's no way the second season's gonna be as good. And it was like, so, so good. So Good. So good. So yeah. Everyone go watch. What is it Making of a murder. Making of a murderer. Making Of a murderer? Tell us about it. Oh, I made us a Facebook fan page. Not fan. You know, I made us, I made a, my favorite murder a Facebook page. Nice. So everyone go on there and talk about that and tell us your, your your town murder, all This stuff. Oh, right. Yes. We wanna know what's happened. What happened in your town that you've been talking about. Yeah. Since you were 10.


We Wanna know your Facebook murder, your favorite murder. What Oh. my God could be the Facebook murder. What if there was a Facebook murderer? Oh, there's a Craigslist murderer. Yeah. Not a face because it's so low rent. Wow. Yeah. We Loved Facebook. Facebook Oh. my God, like, that was as big as I thought it would get is a Facebook page. So I was like, I'm gonna do this. Yep. And it turned out to be, as the kids say, a dumpster fire I mean, it ended up being Yes. We, in the early days, we used to have some fun on that Facebook page. It was really great. Thank you to Steve and Ray Morris and to the moderators for curating this beautiful little thing.


It, it could only last so long. Yeah. It's the, that's the way of the internet, basically. But we had mods, but at the end there, when that Facebook page had tens of thousands of people on it, we had mods that were working constantly that voluntarily. Yeah. Although I will say, I was gonna say for nothing, but we did invite them to our live shows. Oh, yeah. So, so that was our give back. We're like, please, you know, let us get you a ticket for a live show near you. But ultimately the Facebook page had to end and it ended kind of, I do wanna say it ended very unceremoniously.


We didn't talk to the mods about it. We just shut the page down. I mean, I think it was our first kind of panic Yeah. Of this podcast, first of many things that we would panic about that we didn't really know how to handle. Especially be with something like a person being accused of racism. Yeah. Which it overtly was racism. Yeah, absolutely. And but it was also the 4th of July, so everybody was away from their computer that like was in quote, unquote in charge. I can't believe you remember that. Oh, I remem because then when I went back to work, all of a sudden I, I was getting these messages that were the same message over and over, which is very interesting to me.


Of your Facebook page is a dumpster, dumpster, fire, Fire. Well, yeah. If we keep doing these rewinds, we're gonna get to that that day. Yeah. And we can talk about it. It was bad, but it's just kind of a funny, like it is a little bit of a horror movie. Yeah. To be like, listen to us talk about Facebook. So I Know. Oh, we were so naive. We're like, yeah, we're like the girl in the shower in the beginning of the horror movie who's just like, so doesn't know what's happening. She's shampooing and conditioning. She doesn't care. Oh my God. Okay. And then we, and then you tell your story first. One of my first great failures on this podcast, and it's only episode two, yet somehow You pull it off.


I, I swear. Let's listen to Karen's story. She does Paul Bernardo and Carla Homolka.


Yeah. This podcasters sponsored in part by MIDI Health. As I've gotten older, one of the biggest lessons I've learned is to speak up when something is wrong. That's right. It's all about advocating for yourself. This is especially true as you navigate your health during menopause or perimenopause. Hormonal transition is a normal part of aging. But that doesn't mean you have to suffer through symptoms like insomnia or hot flashes. Mid health understands what you're going through and connects you to experts in menopausal care. If You've never heard of Menopausal care, that might be because 75% of women who seek clinical support don't receive treatment. The Committee Health is the only virtual care clinic for women. Women navigating midlife hormonal transition. MIDI Health provides the support you need and deserve from FDA approved medications to lifestyle coaching and health guidance. All MIDI health services are covered by insurance and can be accessed through telehealth visits and 24 7 direct messaging. Your Body changes in midlife and so should your Healthcare. If you're over 40, you deserve to feel great. So visit MIDI Health Book, your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com. Goodbye,


Karen. You know I'm all about vintage shopping. Absolutely. And when you say vintage, you mean when you physically drive to a store and actually purchase something with cash? Exactly. And if you're a small business owner, you might know Shopify is great for online sales, but did you know that they also power in-person sales? That's right. Shopify is the sound of selling everywhere online, in store, on social media and beyond. Give your point of sale system a serious upgrade with Shopify From accepting payments to managing inventory. They have everything you need to sell in person. So give your point of sale system a serious upgrade with Shopify. Their sleek, reliable POS hardware takes every major payment method and looks fabulous. At the same time with Shopify, we have a powerful partner for managing our sales. And if you're a business owner, you can too connect With customers inline and online, do retail right with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/murder. Important note, that promo code is all lowercase. Go to shopify.com/murder to take your retail business to the next level today, that Shopify.com/murder. Goodbye.


Should we get to what our favorite murders are? Yes. For this episode? Yeah. Do you wanna go first? You want me to go to first I want you to go first. You want me to go first? Yeah. This is one of the ones where I've done less research on it, but I I know it, I know this story in my heart. Totally. These are, these are more fun. It's a murder of my heart. But it's the Paul Bernardo, Carla Homolka husband and wife murder team. Where in It was in, I believe it was Toronto. Yes. And in the early nineties. And it was a weird power dynamic abusive relationship.


And he basically, he basically got his wife to help him lure teenage girls into their homes so that he could rape them and mur and ultimately murder them. And they started off with her younger sister. I remember, I love this one. It's so crazy. They drugged her younger sister who was like 14. Yeah. They put drugs in her drink and then like they roofed her and then he raped her and she videotaped it. Yeah. This is her younger sister. Her younger sister. You thought Canada was all made totally syrup and politeness. Totally. And there's one exception to that rule.


And it's Paul Bernardo. But the reason I like this, aside from the insanity of that part Yeah. Where they would drive around looking for teen girls. It's so scary Because you think like, you see a woman and you're like, I I'm safe. Yeah. Like if some, if like, let's say for some reason I was hitchhiking, which I would fucking never do because I'm terrified of murder. but it ha happened that I was, and a couple stopped. I'd be like, this is okay because the woman's here. Yes. So he's not gonna murder me with his like wife or whatever, Which is, that's how you know the story of the woman who Yep. In the box. Oh, My, God. It's so crazy. Yep. Georgia the way you just did that. I wish you guys could have seen him.


That's funny idea. You practically winked a, you're like, yep. Like say no more. This is a day where Georgia knows everything. I'm going to say to her. I do. But that girl, the the woman got into the car because it was a couple in the front seat. Yeah. And then they put her head in a carpeted box. How? How terrifying. So awful. And then they ended up keeping her in a box under the bed for seven years or longer. Yeah. And then they tied her up. Did you see the photo of her tied up at, from her trial? No. They don't show her face, but she's like splayed naked. Oh. And you know what the most fucked up thing about that story is, is that they brought her home to her house Yes. To be like, look, she's fine everyone. Yeah. Right? Yep. And that in and of itself was this big, a huge thing for him because he had her Trial brainwashed And that idea that like, there's a syndicate that's out to get you.


So you can't go anywhere. You can't tell anybody. Yeah. He made her, he told her that, that he made her sign a thing. And Yeah. That said, the company, I think he called it the company. The Company I mean. Would you, you'd wanna be like, I would never believe that. As soon as I, I've actually, I thought about these, like, I would just start screaming the minute I got in the door Right. Of my family's house. 'cause he was like, look, we're dating, everything's normal. Right. So you can stop looking for her. But he broke her. He broke her. Yeah. He broke her in the, on the deepest psychological level. So It can't be that hard when you're putting someone in boxes to break them. It actually isn't. I don't think you, if you, if you feed people like only sugar, don't let them sleep. Make them jump around. That's how cults do it. Really. Sugar. Really? That's like a Yeah. Wow.


That's how like the moonies would do it. Why? Just 'cause your, your brain is If you don't have enough protein Yeah. Yeah. And you only, you only eat sugar. Then you have these weird energy bursts and you do like a lot of crazy stuff. And then you are exhausted. But then they wake you up at three in the morning to go. Yeah. Do a weird, I'm, I'm putting myself in a cult then because I have just constantly I mean cookies. Am I right? It's crazy. I need to eat more protein. Yes. So Anyway, but here's, here's my twista roo. That's kind of a hometown story. So Paul Bernardo was the husband of this hideous, they of course eventually caught him, but when they caught him, they, in taking his DNA, they linked him to a longstanding set of unsolved rapes.


They were calling them, they were calling him the Scarborough Rapist. Oh my God. And it was from a certain neighborhood in it's Toronto. Right. I keep thinking it might be Montreal. It's Canada. It's, I'm pretty sure it's Toronto. But let us know if I'm wrong. Yeah. Always on the Facebook page. Give me a thumbs up if I'm wrong. But, so the Scarborough rapist was, was people were terrified. It went on for years. Scarborough New York? No, no, no. In Canada. This part of m sorry, this is the one thing I didn't look up. I'm pretty sure it's, it's a neighborhood of Toronto. Okay, got it. But so my friend Paul Greenberg, who you might know him from, that one year, that Neil Patrick Harris hosted the Emmys and he walked out behind him and just stood and stared.


Why did he do that? It was a bit Oh, okay. He's a writer and he's a comic. He is really funny. Okay. So anyway, he told me this story and this is my favorite. Love it. So the years before Paul Ero and his wife started killing young girls for his pleasure. There was a Scarborough rapist. And so Paul's mother was, at the time, I guess in her seventies probably. And she lived in an apartment building that had a swimming pool at the top. And she's a really good artist. And so she would go up and swim laps every day. And you know, she's retired and I think she lived by herself.


Anyway, one day she's up there swimming laps and a young man comes out onto the roof and she doesn't really think much of it. You know, she's swimming laps. And then she notices that he's walking along the pool as she's swimming laps. Oh my God, like lapping, like lapping with her walking back and forth. No. And so she like, looks up and sees it and there's no one else up there that's threatening. So she just keeps swimming laps. And he's like tracking her and staring at her. And she's like, you know, an elderly woman swimming Jesus. And he's just like, she said it was the scariest thing ever. And then she didn't know what to do.


At one point, she was just treading water and like staring and didn't know what to do. Oh my God. And then the door burst open and like three families came out and, you know, came to use the pool and all the kids jumped in the pool. Okay. And she left. Okay. So she got outta the pool, put on a, put on a towel. That's really important. Oh, I was scared. She was slipped on some flip flops. Right. And she went down to her apartment and drew a picture of his face. Oh my God. Yeah. Because she knew she had to do it while she remembered it. Wow. So then she put the picture, she called the cops, they said, you know, it's like a complaint or whatever. Yeah. And then however many years it was later, let's say three or five, when they showed Paul Paul Bernardo on the news for this husband and wife killing thing, the mom walks over and pulls the picture out of the drawer and it's him.


It was Paul Bernardo that was doing that. So that Oh my God. And then later on With DNA, they linked him and Said, did she call? And was like, listen dudes. Well at, at that point they had, I think they'd already Yeah. Figured out that he was also the Scarborough rapist. Holy shit. I mean. Certainly not how Keith Morrison would've done it. That's all my I'm saying. No, but you, you basically told an a friend's anecdote about the, the story. So it was still riveting and new information, but there wasn't a lot of other information. And you ended up redoing it later, right? I did, yeah. When we were in Toronto. Right, right. Because it was so I mean, and this was the, this is very much the, the, we didn't really understand the concept of our podcast.


Yeah. And we didn't, we thought we were the only ones paying attention to it. Totally. So it is that thing of like, oh, I know that. Yeah. That's a crazy story. I know it. And then it's like, no, no. Yeah, you don't, you're just having a cocktail party conversation about it. Right. It's, it's a different thing. It's, that's Exactly what it was. A cocktail. Yeah, totally. Yeah. That's, we kind of started thinking that's how we were gonna do it and slowly but surely we were like, we cannot do this. Yeah. This is not, this is awful. Yeah. We have to give information. Oh, So here's a couple updates. Oh yeah. Paul Bernardo is still alive. He's still in prison. He gets a new parole hearing every two years. That's Canadian law.


But it's of course very unlikely he'll ever be released because of it. He's infamous in Canada, obviously there was outcry from victims' families when he was transferred to a medium security prison, but they upheld it. That's crazy. That guy is so dangerous. He is a serial rapist. Yes. Berserker. He's A predator. Yeah. Like the word medium security should not be anywhere near his name. It really shouldn't. No, it doesn't make a ton of sense. No, no new updates from Carla Ulka. She basically moved away and started over.


Yeah. So kind of a kind of eerie ending. So Eerie For that. Definitely. Now here's George's story. Here's my story. Okay. my favorite murder. Okay. This is, it's like a, it's not as interesting, but it's my favorite because I feel like it changed the course of history so drastically that everything would be different today. Lincoln's assassination? No. No. But not far from that. Okay. Alright. I think our, our world would be, it's such a better place if this person hadn't been killed Robert f Kennedy.


Oh. Because he was a good person and a darling. JFK was just a fucking flashy playboy. But RFK Hot Take Georgia. Yeah. I just, I, it makes me So sad that he was killed and, and I don't think there was a conspiracy even though there's, they're trying to make a million conspiracies of it. There's the girl in the polka dot dress. Do you remember that? That thing where they say there's a girl in a polka dot dress Who was mind controlling him? What's the mind control thing that they call It? Mk Ultra. Mk Ultra. And she, she mind controlled Sirhan Sirhan to shoot Robert f Kennedy. Yes. And ran out. They saw someone said they, she ran outta the Ambassador Hotel where he was killed screaming. We shot him. Yes. And no one ever found her.


Yeah. And, and But if you were, if you were some kind of a super deep agent Yeah. In the MK Ultra program, would you be, would you yell that? Yeah. Frank, you think you have a little more control over it? I think, I think you'd be better at your job than that. That's A really good point. Like, you could do all of these things, but yet you start screaming, You snap I mean That's an interesting I mean, I I don't put it past anything that the kind of things that have gone on governmentally. Sure. I mean. I, I believe in all of those. I believe in the idea that they were trying to train people to be like, sleeper murderers do that. Just like would wake up and, and shoot somebody.


Do you believe that? Yeah. How do they like Arian candidate style? Because They, do you hear, do you fucking hear my Can we, Is that your cat? That's my Fucking cat screaming in the other room. And this is why I can't sleep at night. Maybe your cat's in pain. She's not. I've taken her to the doctor multiple times. She's fine. Okay. She's fucking fine. She's an idiot. Is she screaming? We shot him. She's A poke about outfit. She's Ika. Is she the sleeper agent that we've been fearing all along? Probably. She's already ruin, ruining my life That, you know what, if they could control cats, that would be it. I mean it would be over. Cute. That'd be cutest. Army. The other thing is, she probably cutest, if you're gonna think about it, she wouldn't have worn a polka dot dress.


Like why would you wear something so like easily explainable, right? You'd wear a black dress, you'd wear pants and a, like, you would look normal. There's so many ways to blend in that's not polka dots. Polka dots always says, Hey, look at Manny Mouse over here. Have fun polka dots, white gloves. I'm here to have fun. I'm here to, it's me, the, the town slut. I'm here for the shooting. Do you, so you really think, who do they pick and why? Just like maybe criminals that no one will believe anyways. Could be that already could be like, you know, Jason Bour style. You were already in the army and then you got pulled into some kind of special program And they just began so much LSD for so long that your brain is as mush.


Yeah. Yeah. Fuck. That would suck. I know. It would be crazy. But also it's weird that like, I don't know, all of that stuff is so crazy because it's like, who is it the government or is it the mafia? Or is it Yeah. You know, the, the Kennedys have not had a good time of it in terms of being Murdered. Yeah. But I think, I don't know. Are they, are they all just like, I think everyone in a, in a public place in government is just a fucking puppet. Sure. So it's the bi the rich, big business people behind the scenes. Right. You Know the Dow Chemical family? Sure. The guy from Fox Catch Oh. my God. Totally him. Ugh.


Did you watch the the movie Bored the Shit Outta Me. But then I watched the the 30 for 30. Do you ever watch those? It Yeah. About it. And you're like, oh, he, this was so perfect and correct and Right. And it's fucked up. You, it's better than the movie. Oh, I have to see that. I loved that movie. I was bored. It may be because I went by myself. And when I go see movies by myself, it makes me feel like I'm French or something. I get, I get real stuck up about myself and like, I'm doing Something. Well you're, you're gonna see a film. That's Right. Not a movie. It's not a movie, it's a film. Well, I had no idea what to expect. Vince was like, there's something about wrestling in it. And I was like, okay. And like I went and I was like, this is the most boring.


Like, I didn't Know. I think the half the audience in the theater when I went thought it was supposed watching a movie, Steve Corll comedy. And so they only laughed when it was like when he, oh no, when he brings the trophy and he is like, I have a trophy now. Mother or whatever. He did some weird speech and everyone's like, kinda laughed, but they were just confused the whole time. Oh my God. They were watching a movie. You were watching a film. I was there for the film in my red polka dotted dress. It's Good. You should watch the 30 for 30 of it. Okay. Yeah. Am I allowed to do boring murders like that? No. Yes. Because it's, it's more the concept of it. Like what was he up to that they needed to take him out? Well, here's the thing is the reason, sir, but see the problem with me is what I, that I have is that the reason Sirhan Sirhan who was arrested and is in prison for life, for it was killed him makes complete sense.


Whereas like, what's his little squirrel name? Who killed Lee Harvey? Oswald Lee Harvey. It's like, eh, it doesn't really sound like So Sirhan, the he RFK was a supporter of Israel. Sirhan Sirhan was a Palestinian Jordan. Ima Jordanian immigrant. And the day the, the day that RFK was killed was on the anniversary of the start of the six days war. So he killed RFK for his support of Israel. Well, but, but there's gotta be, the weird thing is what? Didn't that guy work at the hotel? No. Oh, he didn't? Was Means he a busboy? I thought he was like, at least dressed up like a busboy. Oh, maybe There are people Yeah.


Who have dedicated their lives Yeah. To studying this shit And they hate us. We are So much. Wasn't That, didn't that happen at a hotel? Listen, we am here at my favorite murder. We're fucking talking mad shit. And if you want something more than that, then you need to go watch the documentary then Read your books. Yeah. Like, we're not pretending to be good talkers. No. So yeah. And then there's also a theory that if you listen to the recording, there are more than eight shots fired. Which Sirhan Sirhan only had a gun, a 22 caliber with eight rounds in it. Wow. But you can hear like up to 13 maybe.


So maybe there's a second shooter. Well it sounds like there would have to be, unless there was echoing. But I just feel like if you watch documentaries about RFK, his, like, his stance on racism and what he was doing for the poor and for minorities was so extreme from anything we've, any way we've ever treated people before. Right. I think our world would've been in a fucking much better place. I think that honestly, like, I think that there was a, a break in the space time continuum. And everyone else, when he didn't die, gotta live in a great fucking world and we're stuck in this bullshit where he got killed. Wow. I really do think there was like a, what do they call them?


A alternate reality. Alternate reality. A sliding doors. Yeah. Stirring. Gwyneth Paltrow and I, yes. Slight and Gwyneth Paltrow. We got stuck with her in this one. And in the other one, there's no Gwyneth Paltrow and The other one, it's Sandy Bullock the whole time. Yeah. All Sandy Bullock all the time. Good times. Life is better. And here we are. Well That's dark, but I kind of thank you. I like, I like the concept of it. Like imagine a world where somebody, a leader who actually really did have the people's best intentions at heart. Yeah. Got through. 'cause that's almost seems impossible these days. I think he had, I think he had that and I think we didn't deserve it. And he couldn't, he couldn't live because I deserve it. We didn't fucking deserve it.


I'm such a good person, Not you. And I'm clearly, you and I are like the best. Right. I'm, I'm super nice to everybody all the time. Are you? I'm really understanding patient. I'm so patient. I'm so patient and kind. I don't care when people drive like shit, I won't scream at them. I don't scream terrible things out the window of my car people or at others. We don't sit at a, at a diner and talk shit on every single person. Oh my God. Is it time? It's right. Here's our second podcast Diner time where we talk public mad shit. Well, we don't know. We're micd and we just talk shit on every single person. Ha would be, I feel like I can't believe that hasn't happened yet.


Just truth. Just like a Well I mean, I think there are some people that do on podcasters mistakenly. But the idea of that a po a gossip podcast where people just talk shit. Well, it would be great. Wouldn't you listen to it every, if they put out five a week, you'd listen to everyone. Yeah. But can we be anonymous and no one knows who we really are? Well, we can't. It's too late for us. Well, maybe you track that. Two other random girls have a podcast on feral audio. Isn't that weird? And they, it's just these two anonymous girls and they talk mad shit. They sound a lot like Karen and her. Those Girls from Ohio. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Those girls, they're bitches. Let's talk shit about this girl. Let's talk shit. Mad shit.


Okay. Yeah. So those, that's, those are two good ones. Those are, those are pretty good ones. Here's the first thing I thought of when you said Robert Kennedy. You know how he had a hand in shutting down that I, I shouldn't get into this one. 'cause it's a whole other topic. Say it quick. It's a, Ooh, I think it was called West Brook or Brookhaven or Sunny Brook or whatever. But it's that mental hospital that's on Long Island or Staten Island. I mean that got shut down in the sixties because they were basically just taking just developmentally disabled children and throwing them into big dark rooms. Oh my God and hosing them off every day.


And like, it was a silence. I think it was one of Geraldo's first exposes. Yes. He Went in there. I remember That. Yeah. And they like on the single light on the camera, it looks like a horror movie from today. I, where it's just kids huddled up and Oh, when Robert Kennedy saw that he went and shut that place down himself. That's the first thing I thought of. But that's where they think there's a serial killer that, that lives on the grounds of that hospital. That there's an, there's a, what's it called? Something C Yes, there's a Clancy Clancy or something like that. What's it called? I know what, there's a Netflix, the movie. There's a Netflix. It's so good. It's really good. It's called Stocky. No, crapsy. Prosy.


That's it. Crop. It's really good and creepy. Remember a word with Karen in Georgia? Sound it out sound and work it out. It's The Banksy Oh. my God. We just saw two Banksies Banksys crops. Banksy Crapsy, Banksy. He killing develop developmentally disabled children on Staten Island. Yeah. That's some fucked up shit. And unfortunately, they also then, like Reagan and Nixon just opened the fucking asylums and let everyone go. And, which is why we have this homeless problem and mental illness issue. My Mom was a psychiatric nurse. Oh. And she in the, in the late seventies and early eighties when that proposition came up. It was Reagan. It Was Reagan. Yeah. Sorry, Sorry, Nixon. She, yeah, Nixon was long gone, but she used to rant about it every single night.


And she called exactly what's happening today. She's like, these people will have nowhere to go. They will be wandering on the streets, they'll be assaulting people. They'll be like, these people need to be taken care of. Drug the drug epidemic. And this is the coldest, like the idea that a leader would be like we, that you don't take care of the people that need Yeah. Help the most. And you just shut off all funding for that and say it's not our problem. Yep. Creates it's sick. Such huge problems. Listen, I'm gonna say it right now. I would rather pay more taxes to get people mental fucking help and not have as much money myself than live in a world where we don't fucking take care of people. And there are just Yeah. Rampant mental illness and homeless and starving people in The home. Yeah.


And that idea of it's too bad for you. Like, I got mine. Yeah. When, how did you even get yours? Right? People helped you. Right. Totally. Horrible. Everything is horrible. And if RFK hadn't died, that would've never fucking happened. That could have changed. What if he went and fist fought Reagan and that was like, it was an actual battle. I did not hear fist fought way. I heard something totally else and I just can't give it to myself. I'm So That's what I just heard when you said, I was like, why'd she say that? But it's what you thought. What I said. You said fist fought A past tense of fist fight is what I said. Okay. That's not what I heard. Oh yeah. They should have fought, They Should have fist fought. They should have fist fought.


Or where am I? Yeah. And and alternative universe will, there is just the most beautiful asylums and we go there sometimes when we just need a break. Yep. You know, they're All garden. Yeah. And rest. And everyone knows how to properly prescribe medication. Ugh. And the medication is free Flowing. Overflowing. Just bowls of medication everywhere. Like fountains. Yeah. Fountains of Prozac. I'll take it. Open my mouth, just like stick my head under the I Get Some. Sure. Just relax. Yeah. There's the Adderall fountain to never abused. Isn't that great? Everyone graduates from college Does your papers.


Oh, drugs. Okay. So when I listened to this again for the rewind episode, I just kept saying to myself, so I say this stuff about this person changed the world, would've made the world a better place historically. Like if they hadn't died, everything would've been better. And I kept saying to myself, now say Martin Luther King Jr. Say Martin Luther King Jr. But I said Robert f Kennedy. You know, so let's just, you know, look at it through 20, 24 Eyes, I mean. But that is the what you were talking about. Yeah. It was the case you were talking about. Right. Right. But you Know, and that is, well there's a little bit of that is the conversation these days where it's like, people who aren't doing it from the outsider going, why didn't you do it this way?


Right. And it's like, right I mean like that's the way we did it. Yeah. It's, it is, there's, there's a white lady part of it. There's a like ignorance part of it. There's also just the, this is what we're like focusing on in this moment. Yeah. So you were just talking about the Kennedys and Yeah. Oh, and the other thing I wanted to point out is this is how long the podcast has gone on. Like, this is the cycle. I said something about there being fountains of Prozac at a, at a institution and that shows you that's, I was taking Prozac then and I stopped taking it and it's cycled around. I'm taking it again. Really? So It's this beautiful like circle of medication and just shows you that you're, it's so, it's such a long journey to find the medication that works for you.


And sometimes this time of your life it works and this time it doesn't, but it's kind of a full circle Prozac moment for me. Yeah. Always gotta get that mental health message in there as well. Yeah. It, whether it's through your life or, you know, just trends being trendy. Yeah. Find what works people Well and so we started this on the first episode of Rewind with Karen in Georgia, where we used to have these pun numbers as our titles. But these days in the current episodes, we just find phrases from the show. Should we just read these back and back to each Other? Oh, show. Okay. Yeah. Okay. You wanna go first? The first one is positive verbal energies, which is us describing each other, like describing ourselves.


That sounds right. This one's put on a towel. I remember that. Because that's like part of the story and you're like, yeah, duh. Put on the towel, The cutest army, which was us talking about if we could control cats and make 'em an army. We read your books, meaning we're not giving facts. So Yeah. You know, important, I'm so patient Diner talk. They should have fist fought Reagan versus RFK Bowls of medication And fountains of Prozac. I have one more that I wrote down that you said. A Jamba juice of facts. Yeah. If your Jamba juice doesn't have orange juice, bananas, protein powder or strawberry.


Right, right. Like the fewest facts at any J of juice, It's the menagerie of artificial flavors. Should we wrap it up? Wrap it up. Yeah. Go to Facebook Page. Facebook page. Go to any Facebook page, anyone? And just talk About us and visit people. And just live your life. Yeah. Digitally. Yeah. Don't leave your house. You're gonna get murdered if you leave your house. And definitely talk about us on Facebook page. Yeah. Talk about us on Facebook page And tell Everyone on Reddit to listen. I feel like Reddit, people would like this podcast a lot, but I'm not on Reddit. I thought it might be frustrating to some Reddit types Who, who like facts.


Facts and like a fluidly Oh, chronologically told story. Please Again, go watch the documentary. This Is not what we're Here for. We're like, we like, we're like a puree. We're like a Jamba juice of Of facts. Yeah. Yeah. That we're like, Hmm. We were like one of those two guys in in Vegas who play with tigers. Yep. We're those guys tigers Like you're not gonna find out the history of tigers and like what they're, you know what they're about. You're gonna see the best part of the tiger. And our tans. And our tans. Yeah. Yeah. Our teeth, our tans and the best part of the tiger. And hopefully don't get mulled by our tiger, which is the murders That the, can I just say this and then we'll stop Please.


The day that there was the story in the paper of how the, it was either Siegfried or Roy. Yeah. I can't remember which one got attacked, but the day that was in the paper about him being mauled by the tiger was the same day that they caught the Green River Killer. And I remember going from, I was reading the LA Times and it went from like one small story, turn the page. The other small story where I was like, Oh, my God. Both of these stories are the hugest thing to happen in the last 20 years. And they're both like four column. Yeah. Like tiny, tiny stories. People Don't know what's important Anymore. No, they really don't. You Know, it's like our, our media man is like telling us how to live. Yeah. Well that's a good, I like that.


It's a little tie, a little bow tie on the It tied it up. Good job. Thanks. Hey, you listen to us on other stuff and go to us on other places. We have other things. We Live other lives sometimes, But we're slowly building so that this takes over everything. Yeah. Make sure this takes over everything for your life too. Yeah. Get obsessed with this. Yep. There you go. We're Karen in Georgia. Thanks for listening. Thanks. So, all right, well that's a another episode of Rewind in the Can. Should we keep doing them? Let us know if you like them. Yeah. What do you think? That's right. Is this, is this fun? Is it working on your dental hygienist? Did you bring them over to start listening to our podcast?


Yeah. Let us know. Congratulations. We're all day one, listeners know. Yeah, That's right. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?