
This is exactly right.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric. Experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off sitewide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


If you've ever wanted to be a part of a cult but you don't wanna commit to wearing one color for the rest of your life, then have we got a fan cult offer for you. That's right. Our fan club. The fan cult just got an upgrade. You can finally enjoy my favorite murder with ad free episodes and videos. Plus binge our huge back catalog of exclusive fan cult videos. You'll Get weekly bonus audio and video access to our discord and early access to live show tickets. And this is the rare cult that wants to save you money. So until Friday, June 13th, there's a special discount. Join the fan cult at fan cult dot super cast.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Hello And welcome To Rewind with Karen and Georgia. Rewind. Rewind. Every Wednesday we recap our old episodes with all new commentary, updates, and insights. And Today we're recapping episode 48, which we named An Albert Fish Production. Sorry, that's you just spit. True crime enthusiast. Exactly. I know I missed a spit take. It's like That's the only, yeah. No one else cares. But true crime, it's Horrible and hilarious. You get that Stephen j Canne typewriter. He throws the piece of paper in the air, but it's Albert Fish. This episode came out on December 21st, 2016.


And that means it was conceived on March 29th, 2016. You do the math, our Podcast. Do they, do they go for nine months or do we like alien Egg's? Human podcasts or human baby length of fertilization. I disagree. I'm a I'm a Earth or whatever. What Do I call it? You're a flat. I'm a flat fertilizer. Yeah. Anyway, let's listen to the intro of episode 48. What's wrong? Nothing. It just feels like it's been a long time. It does. Oh it has. It has been. Yeah. Are we recording? Yes. Good. Good. Because we need to get this figured out. It has been, I guess we, I guess almost two weeks.


Is that right? Since like apartment recording. Yeah. Because we did our bellhouse show last week. Yeah, that was a fun. That was different. That Was nuts Out. That was nuts. That was a break from reality. That was super fun. We love you Jamie Lee. Jamie Lee's book's coming Out. That's right. Thanks for being on. Ridiculous is a coming out. I think I Called it. We Weis. You did. With the Absolute Confidence. That's all that matters is when you say stuff like that. Oh Yeah. Yeah. It They should change the title right now. That's Ex Well they might have to. Right. Hi. This is my favorite murder. It's a podcast starring Georgia Hard Star and Karen Kilgar. Our sound technician is a man named Steven.


Steven Ray Morris and His mustache and And his, this Is day 403 of Steven's mustache. We've been counting. He's doing it. He's going to grow it all the way around his mouth. I think that's my personal, I thought you were gonna say his head. That would be funny if it just tie it in the back. Oh my God. Why is that not a thing? Just a mustache. Fucking sounds Like a nightmare. Yeah. You have to do it now. Steven. You Steven Have to. Only For you. Karen, Steven Speaking of only for us. Steven brought up, okay. Steven is like, does everything for us. Does everything. He's so fucking sweet and wonderful and Also thinks about things like much more than we do Because we don't know. 'cause we didn't know this was gonna be a thing.


Right. So, but he did. He did. And he, he like was prepared for it. He prints things out for us. Totally. He plans. But also he brings us presents. He brought us This week, Chris Was holiday present holiday presents. We have a non-denominational holiday presence at our each seat and on the couch. I know was So we decided we were gonna open them on the air with you guys. I know what this is gonna be. Oh my God. Steven. It It sounds amazing. Oh my God. Is this fuck Fucking Knew He got us serial killer baseball cards. Holy shit Steven. True crime. G Men, mass murderers, serial killers and Gangsters. And they're like, they're like baseball card packets. Ooh you guys Steven, I'm gonna fucking have a seizure right now. This Is really good. Are these like old? Yeah. Like these are the hard to find.


Yeah, They're from like the nineties I think. Oh Steven, I, I'm like, I see people post these on the fucking Facebook page and like I've had these since the nineties and everyone's like, fuck you. And you got like five packs of them for both of us. This is really good. Is there? I'm glad I like them. Is there gum in there? I wouldn't eat it. If there was I'm going to and then I'll sue you if anything happens. And this looks now there's a secondary gift. There's Another bigger one. 'cause he's a classy man that gives you a small gift with this bigger gift underneath it. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh my God. What is it? It's his memoir Of what Assholes We are. What'd you get? Let's see. It's the book. It's a vintage Book. Oh my God. This is the book of Vicki Morgan and Alfred Bloomingdale in the affair that shook the highest levels of government in society.


Oh my God. This Is the British one, right? It was. It was the woman in Washington DC She was the dominatrix and there was sex scandal. The cover of that book is fucking I want that on a shirt. Oh yeah. Wait this, this is the Cult Cult. This written in like the eighties. This one is by Larry Connor. It's called Cults that killed Probing the crime, the underworld of a cult crime. Yes. Steven. These are good books. You know us. My, I thought for a second I thought this book was about somebody that was in the Bengals because That's is totally the color power. This is written in 1988. I'm so fucking like at the height the Satanic panic. This is so good Steven. I call it the sat panic.


Steven, we got you a model of single malt scotch. We Got you this old wrapping paper. Oh my god. Thank Steven. I'm sweating 'cause I'm so happy. That's really good. I can't wait to o like I don't think I should open these. You've Given And you give. Thank you. I'm glad Do like 'em. Steven, You should open one. Open one of the pack. Good Idea. I'm doing it. Let's do it. Good idea. Oh My God. Also when we talked about the plan was that we were gonna open these on the air then Steven, what'd you say? It would be good for Oh, a s R. Oh yeah. Okay. Oh my god. Oh my God. Ooh. What'd you get? What'd you get? Read a couple. I got the Hall Mills case, which on September 16th, 1922, a couple walking down a country lane near New Brunswick, New Jersey found two bodies lying under a crab apple tree.


It was Reverend Edward Hall 41. And Mrs. Eleanor Mills 32, a member of his church choir. He had been, both had been shot, her throat had been cut. But I've heard this story. This Is, we're only picking our murders from these decks from our, Oh my God. That's, you need Just shuffle them up and shuffled This week. It's, it's weird. They're only from the nineties and before our work Has Been done. Okay, mine. I have one Clifford Olson who looks like a real fucking piece of work. Look at him. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay, that's a Dramatic painting. Let's see here. So November, 1980, a 12-year-old British Columbia girl disappeared. Her mutilated body was found a month later and 81, a 13-year-old girl vanished, followed by a 16-year-old boy.


A week later, the boy was found dead. His skull crushed. And May a 16-year-old girl disappeared. And then in June, a 13 year girl. And then in July, Jesus, I'm doing him for my ex snow murder. No spoilers. No. Yeah, all spoilers. Are you are, are you reading Till the end? Fuck. That's good. These Steven, I'm gonna, these Are amazing cases. These are like treasures that I will treasure forever than Ever and we're gonna start trading them. I've Never, I've never heard of half of these people. Jack the stripper. I'm not kidding Him. Yeah, He do. Jack the stripper in 59 8. I'm gonna, I'm gonna rephrase this. Go ahead. A sex worker Nice was strangled and clad. Only in her slip was found near their tha tames thing.


Thas Thames. Oh shit. It's one of those ones. The only reason I not it's not, It's one of those famous ones that I should, I've beening to and I should fucking know. Thanks. She was found. Shit happened. Look Sony Bean. Remember I did that one. So cool. This is the, I am honestly like glowing right now. This is best Christmas ever. Steven. This Is the best Hanukah ever. Steven Richard Cottingham. Wait a second, I'm Jewish On what? What? Richard Cottingham is the one I just did on the last Episode. Just did him And you. And then he walks through the door. Shit, You got outta jail already. Oh my God. You did.


I'm gonna open all of these. This painting makes him look way better than he actually looks in real life. What If we have a whole, okay, what if the next, the mini so is just us opening these and reading 'em to each other. That's A great idea. Let's absolutely do that for real. Because these are are amazing cases dude. It's happening. So cool. And also look at how hot this guy is. Who's that? What's his Story? I don't know. He's kind of like Mick Jaggery but younger. Tune In to the next Minnesota. Yeah, to the Minnesota. You'll Find it. Oh yeah. Holy shit. That's exciting. Oh my. You're fucking angel. Fucking what's Even what? Oh, I was gonna say they were very controversial at the time 'cause they were like, people were obsessed with them. And I remember came out, Remember they had those, the playing cards of cold cases that they would give to inmates.


Oh yeah. In the, in prison. So that they would like be playing with these cards and they'd be like, fuck man. And they'd like read about the victim and be like, this fucking dude I was in prison with has admitted to this. And like there, I think there were not a lot, but a couple cases that got solved because of that. That's a brilliant idea, isn't it? Yeah. I do remember though when these came out, it was like, how dare you was the kind of overall it was like so sick. Like Similar to our podcast. We are the how dare you podcast of today. But for different reasons. We're The, we're the our and our podcast comes with a stick of shitty gum. That's right. Our podcast listening to it is the same thing as eating old powdery pink, flaky.


Yeah. Hard to chew a baseball card gum. Remember when you would just like eat it out of, not spite, but just like, I bought this. Yeah. It's the thing I picked hard this Pack. Yeah. Vince buys the wrestling ones a lot like the old school wrestling ones too. And Yeah. I think he burns the gum. Who Burns it? I Don Dunno and smokes it. What? E He just was like addicted to Oh My god. Vintage gum. He was The, the fumes of vintage gum. That sounds like the new, like what? Like what parents get told like their, the junior high kids are into now. If You see old gum in your kids' room on the next 2020, they're Smoking it. I would just like to say really quick that at that show we had so many great people.


Ugh. It was crazy. And we got to say hi to so many awesome listeners, which was really fun. It is. And Oh good. Okay. Everyone, the bell house we have to give. Yes. They, they stayed late to like let us talk to all the people who stuck around and Yes. They were really cool at like moving the line along. They didn't have to do that. They were No, they were great. The whole staff was amazing. The whole staff was great. Thank you Andrew for booking us. Yeah. This was our little, our own booking long ago where we thought this would be fun And we were right and it wasn't. Oh yeah. I would just like to say my fr thanks to my friend Carrie who came to see me and he literally yelled Hey over like five people and then walked away because he didn't wanna have to wait in line.


Aw. And Oh, I met him. He was nine. Yes. And same with my friend Colin, who apparently just sent me a message saying, yeah, I wasn't gonna wait around. And then my friend David Knowles, who you did meet, who I've known since we were 12 years old, we met in sixth grade. I went to the freshman winter formal with him. He waited in line and he was the second to last person in line. And when the like third to last person walked away, I go, the fuck are you doing the wait, I'm gonna see you after. It was like he waited line To see, see he probably thought everyone knew you. Yes, exactly. He was like, these are Karen's Friends. We're trying to say hi in an organized spot. It was so nice. We got, we again, got a lot of fucking amazing presents. I got some of, I just keep getting the best cat toys.


Yeah. Ever. Like that's the whole, that's my scheme for this podcast is to get free cat toys. We got a lot cat toys. And what was in that other bag? In the bigger bag? Makeup? Yes. Oh, that makeup. I also wanna, so we need to, if you go to our Instagram, it's my favorite murderer. I post a lot of like, of the photos and stuff of what people gave us in shout outs and shit. One thing we got that I just need to fucking, I got in the mail and started opening it and I was like, can't open this. I'm gonna cry without Karen. So this person, this, this girl named Molly has this website called the urban smith.com and she makes this like incredible jewelry and metalworking and like these gorgeous things.


And she made us these necklaces that are so beautiful and delicate that they stay sexy on them. Yeah. They're, They're so beautiful. Our twinsie Necklaces. And then she made me these two little charms that look like if Elvis or Mimi ever let me in my fucking life put a, a collar on them without murdering me, that would, you'd put these on it. And it's just these little beautiful monogram things that say Elvis and Mimi that I'm gonna wear as a necklace. Like they're so beautiful. Yeah. They're really nice. So the urban Smith, I just wanted to give a shout out to whoever gave us the color pop lippy sticks. Yeah. Color pop brand. We got eyeshadow And we got lipstick. But this lippy sticks color pop lippy sticks in the color poison. I think they wrote and said, I hope this is a color that you can use.


'cause I've talked so much about She knows you Lipstick. It's, it's so perfect 'cause it's a really good color, but it also stays on. It's like a stain. God bless America. You know? And we're not. And we don't. So Yeah. Don't worry about it. Yeah. And so we always will On the My favorite murder Facebook page, there were two meetups that I got to look at this morning. Oh. One from Portland, Oregon. One from Austin. Yay. And they were so cute. And the thing that kills me is how much crafting people put in. Yeah, they do. I mean, is That the one that did the serial killer drawings? That was, I'm gonna have to look which one did the drawing? Let's not Have It on a piece of paper. Paper. That's alright. I wrote it on this piece of paper right here.


Portland. Portland did the drawings. Oh, Portland. They did like, they Did like coloring books. Color Of serial killers. Of serial killers. I love it. And on the Austin meetup, they had all kinds of crass. But my favorite was, they had name tags that said my, my favorite murder is, and then they wrote who their favorite murderer is on the bottom. So one la one lady is like smiling, but it just says Albert Fish. I love the idea that he's your favorite. That's such a great idea. 'cause then you can come up to someone and be like, oh my God. I know a lot about that one too. Yeah. And then you guys can talk about it like, and then it's not awkward. Like at parties. That's the whole point, Dude. Everyone's doing it. Dude. I get, I think that's all of our business. Oh, Live show shit. There's some drama going on.


We're not gonna talk about it. We're gonna say that We have no control over Tickets. We have none. Control Or shows or, Or scouting places. Yeah. I mean We're really excited. They know that We're gonna, there's gonna be more. We're not going to your city. It's because we're saving it. We're saving the best for last. That's right. That's not true. It's because it, we don't choose where to go. That's right. I'm not gonna say the one state I refuse to go to. I wouldn't. I'm not going to. Please don't. Okay, Great. Just you'll know when we've gone to 50. 50. 50. How many are there? Are there 52? No, that's cards in a deck. It's, that's cards in a murder deck. Who, let's go back to Cards. What do you wanna talk about? I guess I think I just had an idea.


Let's hear it. What about merch of baseball hats with just Baseball hats With just a single face of a murderer on it. Like a drawing ring or like a fucking sketch. I think it would have to be a drawing. A Drawing ring. Don't, don't nobody steal this. I swear to fucking God. I fucking, if I see this on E, if I see this, I'm fucking Etsy. Welcome Your, This just means we have tonight Sunday. We have till Thursday to fucking make this goddamn happen. Steven, mute it. Steven, Steven Cat Solan, get on this. Please. Wouldn't you wear just like Baseball hat's a great idea because Right. A black hat and then just Albert Fish's face on it. What if it was, is What I'm talking about?


Oh My God. What if it was one of those beanies that you pull over your face and it has the eye in the mouth. Those are called balaclavas. And you just said, my favorite murder is, And you just pull it and it's just like a thing. It says Albert fish. Now we have two fish. This is inter intellectual copyright property, Robert. We own this. Own it. And we can prove it in a court of law. Yeah. Don't you steal the balaclava idea. We Will come, what's it called? Balaclava, the thing that you pull over that like bank robbers use. That's, I didn't know that's what it was called. Yeah. We'll come to every 50 fucking state and fucking track you down. Except For the one. Except The one that I refuse to go to. It's Maine. Just kidding. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's not. It's no way, man. They got fucking lobsters. Anyway, that has lobsters.


I actually love Maine and I've wanted to go there since I was a kid because I used to read these books called Meg, I think it was called Meg of Maine. And it was, we're Going, I think that was what It was called. I would go to fucking Maine So hard. Yeah, let's just add a weird tour. Let's have a weird tour called, which like We do what we want. Yeah. We do what we want. There's not enough people to fill whatever fucking venue. No one's interesting. Nobody cares. They don't fucking like you. They're just trying to make a fucking living. We're gonna go to Maine, we're gonna go to Oneida, New York. We're gonna go to Montreal where they don't like anything. We're gonna go to down to Wake Irvine, California. Which is the worst thing that ever happened in my fucking life. Yep. It'd be, wouldn't it be amazing to go to Irvine and not sell any tickets?


Oh my God. Amazing. Just be like, It's just all, you know, every girl who made fun of me in elementary school gets in for free. Yeah. And They just, and they get a front To the whole thing. Are they Text and talk to each other. That'd be God. This is turning into like an Albert Brooks movie. We an Albert Fish movie And Oh my God. And Albert Fish Productions. That's the best name for a production company. And it's just a cartoon of him with all those pins inside of him. Oh my God. He's so gross. Alright, Do we have to do the murder part? This is so fun. There are those who say we do have to do it. Last time you Went first went First.


Okay. You pointed at me and then moved your finger towards yourself Because I was just kind of ready to go with whatever you said. I do love that. In the live episode at the, at the venue, we were like, how to ask the audience who went first last time. And a bunch of people were like, care Georgia. Like they knew. I know. It's so sweet. It's because they know we don't know anything. That was so fun. And the craziest thing to me is someone who wasn't there said at one hour and 15 minutes in, did I hear Guy Brenna laugh? Oh, we got like seven of those. That's That's amazing. Yeah. And you did, Because there's people who are Guy Branham, who is our friend, and he's also a co-host of Pop Rocket, which is a very popular podcast.


But also he is a well-known comedian and he has the most distinctive laugh that makes you wanna start laughing. Yeah. It's amazing. He's So nice. Like this is, this is how low it is in la. But he remembered my name when he met after he met me. And Vince is the same way too, where it's like, he didn't have to remember our name. Like that's how low it is. Where it's like, yeah. He remembered my name. He's so nice. You're Just looking for some decency. Yeah. Yeah. He, he read how to do things with friends and, and then remember them that He wrote, he read that book. Yeah. All right. I just coughed and burped at the same time. But I just wanna say, I wanna delay this one more minute Class A 'cause I have defiance disorder.


Is that a thing? Yeah, I have it too. Yeah. Then what? I don't know what it is. It's just that you can't do what people want you to do. Oh my God. I fucking have That. Yeah, it makes sense with both of us. It does. I'm learning a lot from you though. I have a very bad, I'm learning that it's okay from you. It is. I mean, it's fine. 'cause everybody has something. I once had a fucking soccer coach when I was like in junior high, hold his fist up to my face and say, you need to stop fucking being defiant. Yeah. And I was like, fuck you. And did you walk away? Yeah. The hell Yeah, girl. That's right. He's probably fucking, I was Just gonna say, that's the show I'm working on right now is Guy Brandham show. Yeah. That's the, yeah. It just makes, it's, I don't have to be secret about it because I'm happy that Guy, because you're so Excited, gets to have a show.


And it's gonna be on True TV in like probably spring called Talk Show. The Game Show. It's gonna be awesome talk show. That reminds me of from BoJack Horseman of what was it? Like celebrities. Do they know anything? What do they know? Let's find out. That's Guy Run Deserves the show so much. So much. That guy is, He's a fucking lawyer. Literally what? Yes. He is a law degree. Shut the fuck up. Yeah. Yeah. He's smarter than everybody. Jesus. Yeah. National fucking treasure And murder time. Okay. Okay. We're back. I, oh, Jamie Lee, a huge apology for calling her book, which is called Ridiculous.


Is It? It's ridiculous. That's the real name. That's The real name. I kept calling it. And it still looks like that to me. We dalicious. Right? They're both, they both work. Ridiculous. Maybe if, if the book was about wedding cakes, right. Yours would, would better is like a different person than Jamie. Right. You know, then the person who would write ridiculous. So Yeah, it's a totally different vibe. And it's bad marketing. Exactly. So there's that. And I apologize, I do like though that you stated fuck writing a book, which then future you. It's like you could feel it coming. Oh, Someone's gonna make me, someone's gonna make me. No. I fucking, I, I don't know why I would say that.


'cause that was like my dream my whole life. But it's just so daunting. I had to be forced to write it For sure. Yeah. Yeah. Even though I wanted to do it. So Yeah. That's how writing is. It is. That's how anything is. It's awful. That's how everything is. Oh, you want that work hard? No, No. Now you ruined it. How about you hand it to me for once? Right? Are you listening to me? I can't tell and I Don't wanna, Okay, we're gonna now go into Georgia's story from this episode. It's about the starved rock state park murders.


Oh, There's Nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. An bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas started just $699, and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


So remember we were talking about national parks and how everyone gets murdered in them constantly. It's like, what the fuck? I have one for you today that I'd never heard about. And then I, you know, okay. They looked it up. Okay. Here's the name of the fucking state park. It's called Starved Rock State Park. So immediately you're like, oh shit. Can I guess where it is? Yeah. Wyoming, Illinois. Ah, it sounds, but you know, they're probably real close to each other. Thank you. They're Probably Close. Did you see the meme someone made of, it's just a, it's a photo of what? Of like Wyoming and it says over the top and whatever state is next to Wyoming. Because It's what you said. Yep. I can't pretend.


I cannot pretend to know. Listen, we're so smart in certain things. Oh, and so dumb in most things. And yet defiant as fuck. So that's why fuck you. That's why we're still not starting this. Murder. Murder tv. God damnit. Okay. Star Rock State Park. It's a state park. It's a hundred miles outside of Chicago. The reason it's named this, okay, so it's a rock fortress on the Illinois River. A band of, and I'm gonna say this wrong and sound like such a fucking asshole. Wick Indians live there originally in the 17th. And in the 17th century. They're besieged by a bunch of fucking assholes.


They like kinda locked them in. And so the people who didn't die by trying to escape the Indians were died from starving. Mm. Oh fuck. Yeah, dude. Okay, so on March 14th, 19th, 60, these three suburban housewives who are from a little bit outside of this area river, they're in Riverside. Three suburban housewives go to Star Rock State Park for a long weekend. They're all just like, let's get the fuck outta here. One of the women had like convalesce her husband through a heart attack. They needed to get the fuck outta town. They wanted to go and enjoy the area's hiking trails. It's apparently gorgeous.


They're staying at the Star Rock Lodge. Excuse me, I burped. So this is Lillian Eding. Mildred Lindquist. They're both 50. And Francis Murphy, who's 47, the young one, they, they're wives of business executives. They're mothers of grown children, and they're prominent in their town for civic involvement and their friends through the Riverside Presbyterian Church. So they're good fucking women. You know, they're like, we deserve, like this is, this is their, what's it called when they Yeah. Girls Weekend. Yes. I just had that feeling right as you finish that last sentence that they're All gonna die.


Well, yeah. It was the, and you know what that feeling feels like to me when I remember what we're doing. It feels like when the dentist puts the lead blanket over you And you get your x-rays taken. Yeah. So then it's just like, Oh yeah. And you're like, this lead thing isn't gonna do anything too. It's like that lead thing where they're like, this is probably gonna, maybe whos, yeah. But anyway. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. This is the lead blanket of sadness. Yeah. They check into the lodge, they put their luggage in their rooms, and then they have lunch at the lodge is like beautiful restaurant. And then they're like, we're gonna go for a hike, like post lunch hike. Okay. Well that evening Lillian's husband is supposed to hear from his wife.


And so he doesn't, and he calls the staff and the staff is like, oh no, we saw them, but they're not in the room right now. They'll call you tomorrow. The next day he calls again and the staff again says like, oh no, you know, we saw them at lunch and they're here. They're just probably out. And then the next day there's a snow, crazy fucking snowstorm. And so this dude, Lillian's husband named George is like, go into my fucking wife's room and see if she's there. They check the rooms, their luggage is all packed. Their car is still in the same place. Like they clearly hadn't been there in two days. Yeah. So George calls law enforcement and volunteers come out and they start a search party. And at the time this local newspaper reporter hears about it, he fucking skedaddles over there.


And he drives into the park and he comes across some kids near a ravine who are shouting. And it turns out this like local camp had been hiking and these like teenage boys found bodies on one of the nearby trails, which is like, dude, you poor kids. So what's what's found in the fucking newspaper? Guy goes up there, scoop of the fucking century, and it was called the Crime of the century. For a while, he finds the mutilated bodies of Lillian, Mildred and Francis. They're laying side by side, partially covered with snow. They're on their backs under the ledge of a small cave. And their lower clothing had been torn away and their legs were spread apart.


Oh. Which we know is a fucking sadistic as fuck way to leave someone. They had all been beaten viciously in their, on their heads. And two were tied together with heavy twine. They were covered in blood and their legs were blackened with bruises. Oh. Poor fucking things. So, because this had happened two days earlier, and then there was a snowstorm, there were several inches of snow covering the whole area, which means all this fucking evidence they could have had was lost. But they did some digging and they found a ton of blood beneath the snow. And they found a frozen tree limb that was streaked with blood. And they thought that was the murder weapon.


And then also a trail of blood lead from a different area into the, where the women's body were found. So they thought that the bodies had been dragged and positioned under the sledge. The coroner said the women had obviously been obviously been quote molested, but they couldn't, they couldn't find any evidence of rape because it had been so long and it had been snowing. Let's see. And it seems at the time of death was pretty shortly after they had left the lodge after lunch. And there was no motive for the murders. 'cause the women had left all their money and jewelry in their room. And so maybe the killer got mad when he found out that there was nothing on them. But the strap to the camera, they brought a camera and binoculars and the strap to the camera was broken.


And there was photos of them, like sightseeing on, on the camera, which you can see online. Oh, so the strap was broken, but the camera's still there? Yes. Okay, So, so It wasn't robbery. No. Yeah. Or maybe it was attempted and the women fought back something. So there were no suspects for eight months. And so the county state attorney, whose name was Harold, no, Harland. Warren Harland. That's a fucking amazing name. Uses own money and purchases a microscopes, a microscope. And begins like doing this crazy study of all the evidence. Sorry, I missed what year this was. Oh, 1960. Oh, okay. So like, he buys his, he buys his own microscope.


And also everyone's name is something's old fashioned. Okay. Oh yeah. It's like these are all older people in 1960s. Yeah. So, You know, they're all like, you know, From the thirties or whatever. Exactly. Okay. So he buys his own microscope, he begins studying the evidence, and he's like, the twine is gonna fucking tell me something. Where is this twine from? And he finds that there's two kinds of twine, a 20 fly cord and a 12 ply cord. And he starts at the first place he can think of, which is at the lodge, and he brings it to the manager of the cord. And he's like, does this look familiar to you? And it turns out the manager's like, I think those were from the restaurant.


And they go back into the fucking area where the food is kept in the fucking pantry. And there's the fucking twine, same fucking twine. So they Don't have to go far to find who, whoever did this. They do not. So they had originally, Warren had originally thought that the killer either worked at or had access to the, the lodge, but all the lodge employees have been given polygraph tests and they all passed, but he calls them back for another end of testing. And that is when a former dishwasher named Chester, Otto Weger was brought in. Like that name combination? No. 'cause he has a middle name. Well, yeah. They always name the middle name. But Chester Chester's not a good weger. He's not A good name.


W-E-G-E-R. Weger Chester Weger. You don't name your child in a name that has the same two letters at the end on both names. Chester Weger. Oh, is that a thing? It's my personal thing. I see That. No, I get that. I've never thought about that. So he's a former park employee and he had quit recently, like over the summer to go paint houses with his father. But while he was working there, he served meals to the police and reporters while they were like looking up for evidence and shit. So they give him a lie detector test. And the the tester, he's like, this really, they brought in like a really good tester. He, they said his face turned white after, during the testing, Chester walks away and the tester said, that's your man.


Oh yeah. So Weger is 21. He's a small man. He has a wife and two young children. He had resigned that summer and Lodge employees reported seeing scratches on his face. But he had passed several lie detector tests already. I mean, because ultimately we know that lie detector tests, really they're 50 50. Right? They're only right half the time. Yeah. Now we know this and There's a reason they're inadmissible in court is because they're, they're Not, they ba they're based on your heart rate. And if you are like a sociopath or something Yeah. You won't have a reaction to, you won't be nervous to tell a lie. You won't care. And if you Truly believe what you thought you saw.


So like if this's a witness who's like, I fucking saw a man in a red jacket. I know I did. And if they believe that they're gonna not have been being deceitful. Right. Even if it's not true, They won't have the physical reaction. Yeah. I think someday that, I think someday witness testimony is gonna be just like lie detector test where it's like this is an admissible because Everyone's a little bit not reliable. Wrong. Yeah. Yeah. We're all a little wrong. I think that's actually a good thing to remember. Yeah. Because I always think I remember things always and I'm positive. Positive. Oh yeah. And then, and then I'm wrong. Well, It's the same thing of like how people say like, there's three sides to every story. Your side, their side and the truth. And it's like, you know, the argument that you and I gotten sounds this way from me and sounds that way from you.


And you have to be like, well, somewhere in the middle is really what happened. And you Can't, you have to know that you don't know. Yeah. The other person's, Ugh, this is a psychology podcast. It's true though. We're so smart. I know. Like, how do we even, But not about states about feelings. Pardon Me? I just thought it'd be perfect. I was gonna make that one quiet, but I figured I'm putting my jacket back on. You're Cold. It's so loud. I know. This is not good. You want a blanky? This this is not good for audio. Steven. Have A blanket. There's a blanket right there. I barely peel. I won't move. I peed on it once. Please. Are you cold? Yes. Caring behind you is a thermostat.


Please turn that heat on right there. But the thing that looks like a fire hazard from the 1950s. Yeah. Click that little thing up. This is worth it. Kaboom. Click that up. No, no, no. To the left. The little switch. Yeah. Up. There we go. You see the fire and the wall right there? It's, I need to move. This is an old serious. This is serious. The night my favorite murder got lit on fire. Alright. Okay. Okay. Blah. So they're like, it's totally him. And then he was like, Hey, I have, I just happen to have this buckskin jacket and I wanna admit that it's covered in dark stains.


And it later turned out to be human blood on this jacket. I don't know. He was just bringing this Up. Yeah. I don't know if that's totally, you know, what, how it happened. But somehow they found a buckskin jacket that was covered in dark stains that happened to be human blood. But in 1960, it could not be typed or a match to a specific victim, which is like, come on, you guys get it to fucking together. They're Like, we can't, it's only 1960. It's just bloodstains at this point in our lives. We Just wanna go to the moon. That's all we care about. It's the sixties To say movies, which is actually similar. Our parents failed us. So he does further polygraph tests again, he's fucked and he fails them all.


So they, investigators begin checking into similar cases in the area, and they come across a reported rape and robbery that had taken place a mile from starved rock in 1959. The year before a 17-year-old girl had been sexually assaulted and she had been bound with twine. Oh. Similarly to the starved rock women. Okay. And then I, You know, in all my like, weird digging of like old articles and shit, the one place I found in one place, this information that the attack had been reported by two teenagers, a boy and a girl. The boy said they had been robbed while a girl was sexually assaulted. They told the cops about it and the officers didn't believe their story.


And they sent the couple away with a cursory investigation saying that they thought the story was made up, That they were robbed. That they were robbed, and she was fucking sexually assaulted. They were like, you little lying 17 year olds, get the fuck outta here. You know what I mean? Like, why would you fucking make that up? Let's Get attention. Yeah. I mean that's what that, that's what they used to say stuff like that back then, right? Yeah. So maybe they had paid, should paid attention to that. Anyways, so the vict, the, the female victim has brought a stack of mugshots. She's sorting through them and when she sees the photo of Chester, she starts to scream, oh fuck. Which is so chilling. Yeah. So they get arrest warrant for him on the rape because they can't prove the murders yet.


So they get him off the streets, and then they have him in custody. They start questioning him about the rape, and then they press him about the murders and they keep him, keep him in, in the InterG in the interrogation room for hours at 2:00 AM he finally asked to see his family and then he confesses. So, but before that he's like, really quick though. Again, I have a buck skin jacket. I just wanted you guys to know It's the, it's the blood from the buck that was fucking killed for this jacket. I'm just gonna bring this up real quick. Yeah, yeah. Because I want, it's pretty cool jacket. Yeah. Like, I just want you guys to like admire my jacket.


Okay. Anyway. No, I'll go back to my confession. So he confesses, he says that he got scared. He tried to grab the women's pocketbooks and they fought him and he hit them. And the pocketbook turned out to be the camera that was around her neck. He thought it was like a pocketbook. So he gives him that, that interesting detail. Then he says, they were like, why did you drag the women into this ledge, into this like cave? And he says it's because he had spotted a small airplane flying low over the park, and he was afraid it was a state police plane.


So he moved the body so that they could not be seen. And he had said it was a red and white plane. So a few days later, the cops and the detectives go to the airplane base and look at the log books. And there's a fucking plane flying over that fucking park at the exact moment that was red and white. Whoa. So that's some shit that only he could have known. Yes. Right. And he told on himself, he fucking, He confessed. Yeah. Yeah. He Confessed. He confessed. Yeah. Okay. Okay. But then right after his first meeting with his court appointed attorney, he changes his story and says that he was innocent of all charges. That the investigators had coerced him into confessing And that they fucking held a gun to his head and made him sign every single one of the, the, the papers.


I mean, I can see That too. I mean, back then he said, I know he was so scared that he signed the papers away saying they had fed him the information about the airplane And that he wasn't even in the park at the time of the killings. He later said, the police at the park saw me every day and I passed every test they gave me. But the months went by and they wanted a conviction. So they beat me into signing it. I wasn't even, I wasn't ever at the park when it happened. I was done wrong. Except for when you raped that girl. That time. Chester. Yeah. Okay. But yeah. Yes. However, okay, so he's brought to trial in 1961, they seek the death penalty. A year later they, the jury finds him guilty for one of the murders.


They only tried him four mm. Which is weird. Maybe they thought they couldn't get him on all three. Well, It's all the same evidence. You know what I mean? And then they ended up like not bringing him up on charges for the rape too. So like, this poor girl who was like, you first thought I was fucking lying and now you're not even gonna fucking try him for this shit. Wow. Poor fucking girl. But, But if he goes down for those, at least something on the other ones, then he's in jail forever. Maybe they, they're they had to Yeah. Convince her of that. Okay. But here's the problem with that. Oh. So he's sentenced to a term of life in prison and then the jurors get dismissed and the, and the reporters ask them if they knew that a life sentence in Illinois meant that weger would be eligible for parole in a few years.


And it turns out that the min the, like the, the normal life sentence for murder in Illinois was 10 years at the time. What? Yeah. I don't know if it still is. It might still be. No. And jurors were like, wait, what the fuck? They were like, we would have fucking sent him away. Wait, that's would've voted. Saying everyone that's going to jail is 70 or something. Doesn't make any sense. You know, life, life, a life sentence is in the hardest quotes that have ever been quoted. Life sentence is such bullshit. It makes you feel and think a certain thing. It's not fucking true. Seven fucking years. It's like you, you are eligible for parole immediately And you just keep fucking, it's, it's not a thing.


A life sentence is not a thing. A life Sentence is not a thing. You are foolish. Shit. I'm not. Life sentence is like, is is a, is a, Wait, wait. Can I just remind you that lawyers listen to this? Okay. Alright. I just, Would you want me to text guy right now? Text guy. Okay. The, the, The, the, the idea of a life sentence. Wait, this is my favorite. We're going stop it. Stop making. We're going, we're going outside the podcast. It's like we're, we're doing an outside line, a Life sentence. I wanna call a friend a lawyer. I'm doing it. A life sentence means life sentence. But in actuality, in a majority of states, it really just is, it's a sentence, but it's not an actual, what's the word?


It's not gonna give you 50 to 75 years. Like, like it would take up a person's Life. Exactly. You're not actually going to be in prison for your life. All right. Both of you on your phones now. I just wanna fucking point out, I mean, No, I'm just texting. I'm texting the outside. Mom, Can I ask you a question? So we're just gonna see if guy's even available. Steven, What did you find? I found that it was much more complicated than I thought it was. What is that? I thought, I thought life imprisonment was life in No, the first thing was on a message board. It just said, that's a really good question. What is life imprisonment in Illinois in? Oh, you didn't get a name? Yeah, I didn't get an answer. Read the whole thing right now it just says that. Okay, Well we know that it changes state to state, right?


Yes. So, but I also know, But this is Illinois specific, Right? So, so I mean, the jurors were said like, do You know that life imprisonment, a life sentence in Illinois means that he'd be eligible for parole in a few years? So that's the thing. You get life in prison and then you're fucking eligible for parole and, and in this case in Illinois get parole after 10 years. Oh, okay. So go ahead. So That's right. Well, I mean, is that what you're about to tell me? He got Parole? No. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Blabbity blah. So they said they would've given the electric chair. Oh shit. Blah, blah, blah. So it, okay, let's see.


The whole prosecution was based on his confession, which predated Miranda warnings that are required today. Wow. I didn't realize Miranda warnings were that recent. Yeah. Fuck. Okay. They're based on a guy named Miranda. Like how John Wayne's real name is Priscilla. Is it? No it Isn't. Yeah. Or Miriam. That's my middle name. It's a girl name. What? Really? It's Jewish. Okay. Blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay. So then at some point, so, so he, from the moment he was in prison is saying he's fucking innocent and that some woman had a deathbed confession that was never like corroborated, corroborated, corroborated.


He's maintained his innocence. He's 77 and he is the third longest held inmate in a state prison having served a life sentence since 1961. He's been requesting parole since 1972. It's 14 times that he's been up for parole. Wow. Yeah. And he's always saying, and if he said that he did it, he probably would've been paroled because part of getting paroled is accepting responsibility for your crime. Yeah. And he fucking refuses to do it. DNA tests were requested, but, so there was a fucking hair found in the victim's fists and the bloodstains on the coat. They were requested testing in 2004, but the, the items had not been properly preserved and thus no longer had held evidentiary value.


Which seems like bullshit. Right? Like you can fucking find it in there somewhere. Well, but it sounds like what they're saying is like, instead of putting it in a Ziploc bag, they put it in one of those sandwich bags that folds over at the top where it's like, those don't work for sandwiches. Why are they gonna work for evidence? Well, I, I, you know, I look this this case up on Facebook to see if anyone was like talking about it as her hometown murder. And one guy whose name I fucking can't remember, was like, this is my hometown murder. And these items, the jacket and the fucking branch that had been used to kill them were brought to schools to show children. No. Yeah. And so, and like The books can Jacket Yeah. Comes Back. Yeah. Like the, the guy was like, the guy worked for the Innocent Project Innocence Project and he was like, the reason these fucking things couldn't be tested is because one of the fucking investigators had like one of the pieces of evidence on his wall Oh.


As like a trophy. And these got brought, like his, the guy was like, my mom remembers these being brought into school And you could like touch them and fucking learn about the murder. Just get As many little kid fingerprints on there as you possibly can. It's pretty smart. If that's a fucking tactic. Yeah. 'cause this was back when, yeah. Yeah. No one knew. So it was so recent. He, well, as less than a month ago, he was up for parole again. Jesus, How old is this Motherfucker? 77. He was up for parole again and he got denied. And one of the only living jurors left Nancy Porter, who's 92, said that she now, she now finds the confession implausible because she thought that Wagar who was unarmed, who was only five foot eight could have been overpowered by the three women.


Which I think is such bullshit. That's not how fucking crimes work. Like, you intimidate these three, you know, quiet women who go along with what you're telling them to do and intimidate them. Like, it doesn't matter how big you are. No, no, no, no. That's how it works. That's like, that's like acting like every crime situation is the same. Yeah. And this person is a criminal. He could have lured them to a spot. Yeah. Cracked one of 'em on the head, scared the shit outta the other two. Like who Tied two of them together. So you're overpowering two of them. The weather woman's not gonna leave. I mean, it's not like they're gonna fucking ninja him like, you know, overpower him. And That's the same thing with the Richard Spec case where he went into, they couldn't understand how he, right. There was so many women in this room and he, he kept them all in that room and then took them out one by one and murdered them there.


And nobody, and it's like, because it's a psychological thing. He scared the shit out of them. He scared them and he kept saying probably if you go along with what I'm trying to do, I'll let you go. Yes. I'll let you go. And so that, you know, especially back then, when you gotta be fucking polite to everyone Yeah. You go along with it hoping you'll be Spares. You just want this situation to end. Yeah. I mean that, yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. Okay, so silver lining. So the crime lab is now one of the finest in the state because of the shoddy work from the Star Rock case. And someone said the state crime lab was less equipped than a high school chemistry lab at the time. Oh. And this is from Steve Stout who wrote a book called The Star Rock Murders.


This crime is more important than most because it changed the system of criminal investigation in Illinois. And then I went on Reddit and there was a guy who said there was a guy named, or a woman named Bed Pan three. I know. Like, is she, I don't know what's going on with her. You Know, she's a woman. I, because she says my, well, maybe not. She says, my husband and I fucking assumed. Oh, right, right. You know, can be like, I'm not trying to Come on everybody. She says there's a huge, like there was a bedpan, a bedpan one and a bedpan two already taken The other two. No, this is the third best bedpan. Yeah. This is a huge number. There's a huge number of people from this town in my surrounding area that think he's a, he was a scapegoat.


Her ex's husband's grandfather was a judge during the time, the knot during this trial and told me that there was no way in Angelie did the crime. The bodies, from what I remember reading, had animal slash dog bites that were just left. Unexplained theories include that a business owner who was from another nearby town who had a very, had very large, well-trained dogs was a possibility because he inexplicably immigrated back to his home country right after the murders leaving his entire family behind. Another theory is that the women's wealthy Chicago businessman husbands paid someone to have them killed in the park for various nefarious reasons. The only real consensus is that pretty much no one at the time or years later believed it was Weger.


I don't think it's the husband having them killed because the way they're mutilated and left with their legs open. Yeah. And if he, if Weger was a rapist and was the rapist that raped that girl, it would be more in line with a person who has, is a rapist, has issue with women sexually deviant. Yeah. And, and basically is escalating. I don't disagree with the fact that it sounds like if, if I didn't know any of the suspects, I would think it was at least two people. Yeah. You know? Yeah. But who knows? You get, you crack somebody over the head with a stick when you're Yeah. And you're, you're with your two friends. Yeah. Somebody gets cracked over the head and then you're like, and suddenly there's like some wild man that's like, yeah, sit down and I have to tie you up and I mean, no, for sure it's over.


He probably did it, but there's, yeah. He probably did it. But the, it is interesting, that whole thing of like, you can't really base it on what the polygraph says And you can't. No. And you do have to be suspect. Now what we know these days of how police interrogations used to go, we've all seen LA Confidential. It's a Pity that DNA can't figure this one out. Yeah. That's amazing. That's such a good story. Yeah. Star Rock Murders and Also such a creepy name. Star Rock Murders. Oh, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. We're back. This is one of your stories that I think about all the time.


Do you? Yes. 'cause it, it was so kind of like the pictures in my mind of what, where they were when all this was happening. It's so disturbing. Do you have updates? Yeah. And just three innocent women, you know, going on a little fucking girls trip together. Yeah. To nature like, yeah. Which just, I think a, this one a lot of people, because the thing is a lot of people don't think that the person who was convicted Chester Wager did it. And in fact, in 2020, after 60 years in prison, Chester Wager was granted parole and released from prison. Wow. Yeah. So his lawyers continued to push for new proceedings 'cause they wanna prove his innocence of the murders.


'cause he's still claiming he was innocent And that the confession was coerced. So then just this last May, May, 2025, a mini trial was set and it introduced new evidence that was not available decades ago. And some of that evidence is really fascinating, is a woman came forward and said that her grandfather on his deathbed, so we have a deathbed confession, another one that he was in the mob and he had people killed before. And that he said that he had one regret to his granddaughter. He said that he knew that Chester Uyghur was innocent and she claims that her grandfather went on to confide in her that it was registered hits referring to the murders and asked her to help prove, like on his death bed, help prove this man's innocence.


Which is wild. It's not enough. It didn't sway the court that much. 'cause it's just kind of, you know, it kind of, It's one one guy's story. Yeah. And like, why would he tell his teenage daughter that and not other, You know, and not bring the police in or something like that. So that's just like a little interesting bit. But who would've contracted to have those women murdered? So the women's husbands were like wealthy businessmen. Oh. So to me that's like a bigger difference than if they were just like working class people. It's like you could see a little bit of something nefarious going on, perhaps. Yeah. A message being sent. And the husbands also like had connections in, you know, with politicians and stuff like that.


So who knows? It doesn't seem like a mafia hit type of murder though. Right. You know? Yeah. Like they don't do it like that. They don't not bring a fucking weapon to the place where they're gonna kill people, you know? Yeah. And I don't know, it just feels like a bad movie that the mafia would have to go out into like a park And, you know what I Mean? A state out in nature like that. It's like, I don't think so. I don't Either. And like also they probably would've noticed someone was following them. Why wouldn't they just kill one of the husbands? Or, you know, it's just Yeah. Right. Isn't that the thing with the mob? Right. They don't hit family members. Yeah. The mob, it doesn't sound very mob like to kill three innocent women wives of Yeah. They don't do women children.


I real, I thought we had a code of conduct here. It's Yeah. It sounds like a brutal kind of opportunity. Like crime of opportunity. So yeah. That doesn't mean that this guy did it, but that's what it sounds like. Yeah. Okay. It's hard. It, it feels like deathbed confessions have more weight than just normal. Right. Regular life confessions, which is like, what if they have dementia? What if they are morphine? What if, yeah. You know, Which fucking morphine you're on when you're like on your death bed A lot. I cannot wait. I can't wait. It's gonna be so cool. They're Gonna be like, we, we can't give her enough. She's, She just asked for more. She just keeps, she keeps hitting that button bottomless Bit. Oh. And there's also an HBO documentary about the star rocked murders called the murders that starved rock that came out in I think 2021.


And it tells the whole story. I highly recommend it. Alright, well this is one story that you were like on in the beginning when it first started. Like, this was like one of your, like, I think that you like knew something was up. And so this is you And you. We had talked about it already, but you are going to cover the story about Sheri Papini. This is when I wanted to be a breaking newscaster. Good luck.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away Your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance, fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off Sitewide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees. Every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


So mine This week is a worrisome because it's the case that I brought up the week before last and I didn't really know anything about it, but I just wanted to cite it to you. And it was the Sherri Papini case. Yes. So it's an amazing thing because I went into such a like black hole on the internet today that I had that thing happen where I was reading, it was light outside when I was reading. Oh my God. And the next thing I knew it was pitch black in my house And you Hadn't turn. Yeah. 'cause you didn't get up to turning the lights On. Exactly. And I hadn't really looked around so that when I looked up, it was like I was sitting in a pitch black room.


It was kind of scary. That's A really depress honestly, it's like one of my depression triggers. Yes. That's where you awful. You Jude, where you let just the light fade away. Oh yeah. I jumped up and turned a lamp on I dogs. It wasn't too bad. But You know, like, if anyone had come like, looked through the window and seen what you were looking like reading about, they'd be like, what the I'm not killing this girl. Yeah. She's crazy. She's going to kill me. Yeah. But here's the I because the reason that it, it was, you know, hours and hours of reading and all these different websites is because this case goes, has so many levels and it is crazy. Like when I first started talking to you about it, I just wanted to kind of be like, it's that crazy case and it's got some twists and turns, but because I didn't really know specifics, I kind of was like, just gave up.


Well, I love that. I really don't know. I know that everyone's talking about it. You mentioned it to me. I love that you're filling me in on every, like, I have nothing. I just wanna fucking hear this. I'm excited. All Right. So I'll give you the, I'll give you the overview. Okay. But essentially what we're talking about here in one way, and this is what people are being so careful about it because yeah, there's no proof that it's anything but a woman who has been victimized. And what I really like about that is that there are people who are being so fastidious as to make sure that no one is accusing a victim of a crime, of doing anything. That being said, there is insane amounts of evidence that something is wrong with this case.


Like It's really suspicious. It's very suspicious. And it's not, it, it's just interesting. So I, we will talk about facts Okay. And I'll just try to be very clear about what facts are as opposed to hearsay Okay. Or anything. And just try to remind you every seven minutes that we're talking about a victim And that this isn't, you know, in, in nowhere are we trying to like, give an opinion about this. I just find this case to be incredibly fascinating. Okay. So here's, here's what we know. It's a woman named Sherry Papini, who is a 34-year-old married mother of two who lives in Redding, California. Disappeared while she was jogging on November 2nd.


And she reappeared three weeks later on the side of Highway five before dawn on Thanksgiving day, 150 miles away from where she was taken, she was beaten. She was bloody what? And her hands were chained behind her back. Fuck. Yeah. She told police that she had been kidnapped by two Hispanic women in a van who tortured and starved her. No. Okay, go on. So after she was found, her husband Keith gave interviews to both Good Morning America and 2020. Wait, I'm okay already. Questions. She said that the entirety of her captive, her being captured was by two Hispanic women.


Yes. The entirety of it. Yep. Let's just go with the facts on, on those interviews. Keith hit, her husband said his wife's captors to Latina women kept their faces covered, spoke Spanish. The majority of the time they beat her. They broke her nose, they cut her hair, they starved her. He claimed that Sherry had lost 15% of her body weight And that the captors quote unquote branded her, which led to speculation that the kid kidnapping was part of a sex trafficking operation. So after she was found, a woman saw her again at 4:00 AM on the side of the road called 9 1 1.


She gets taken to the hospital and her injuries include bruises, a broken nose, burns and starvation. But she was discharged several hours later. She tells police that she was held captive. And she describes the two Latinas as one being old, one being young, one had curly hair, one had straight hair, one had thin eyebrows, one had thick eyebrows. Once she was released from the hospital, she and her family left Redding, the town that she lives in for an undisclosed location to avoid media attention.


And Sherry herself has not been seen by the media since her disappearance shot Up on Thanksgiving. Yes. Since like, she's basically not been seen by the media at all. So they seen the pictures of her, which are from her wedding day, which are seven years prior. So she hasn't given any interviews or hasn't Been seen? No, just her husband. Wow. So her husband went on 2020 and Good Morning America. And he told the whole story for her and which makes sense for victim who is traumatized and needs to be away from everything. Makes Perfect sense. But he But did he need to do that? Well, true. Like if if that's the case, then she doesn't wanna be and needs to be away from it.


Well, they, and that's what they told people is basically she got outta the hospital and then they left town and told everybody that they are doing it to avoid the media. And then he rel relatively soon after goes on both two, you know, major national television shows. I, okay. Do you wanna, okay, so I'm gonna hold my confidence. All right. Yeah. You're like, just, just accrue it and listen because it's interesting. So I can't remember anything. There are actually websites that normally dive right into cases like this, the kind of Nancy Grace style cases who will not entertain anything except for that Sherri Papini is a victim and anybody saying anything different, that's the, like, you can't talk about that, which is a stance.


I mean, it's just like a, a way to do it. But of course Reddit is not like that because Reddit entertains anything at all times. And you can say what you want. And so there's, Reddit is the place I found a lot of this information. Cool. The Shasta County Sheriff actually recently came out to say he believes Sherri Papini story, but he said that in direct conflict with an earlier statement where the sheriff's office communications officer said they weren't ruling anything out. So no one knows if he said that to, to fix what somebody that was just basically answering the phone and talking the Huffington Post said, or what.


But there hasn't been much movement. The, the Shasta County? No, the, no, none of the police up there have been warning people. They haven't put out an, any kind of a PB about these two Latino women. That's interesting. Latino women. There haven't been warnings to other women about being careful or this is what you need to look for. I think That says a lot. Yeah. Okay. So basically we'll go over like, this is the way the they, the timeline problems essentially. Okay. So the day that she went jogging, like the day that her husband, Keith realized that she was missing, he was at work and he came home from work and she wasn't there and the kids weren't there.


And instead of calling her, he said he, because sometimes I think the reason is, I was confused by this, but basically that sometimes reception is bad up there, which makes sense. 'cause it's like way up north of Sacramento. Yeah. That he pinged her phone instead with find my iPhone. Okay. So then he realizes where the phone is and it's a mile away from their house where kind of near where their mailbox is, which is, if you've grown up in the country, it's that thing where, like your house is way up here on some weird long, dusty road and your mailboxes are in a long line with a bunch of other people's mailboxes down the road. You, like you, you Go to your mailbox when you're driving up your driveway.


Exactly. Right. Okay. A mile seems far to me, but it does, I don't know. Okay. And also this is like, I was looking at a map of reading and there's, there's nothing, I mean, it's like, and Not Yeah. Also the, like, the group that neighborhoods like put mailboxes together. It has nothing to do with where your house is kind Of, right. Exactly. Okay. Yeah, because neighborhood neighborhoods don't exist there. Right. It's like all these houses just kind of like, they're ranch, probably ranch style houses spread out. Fuck that man. So I Want neighbors to hear me Scream scary at night. Yep. So he says he called his mother and he, I can't remember ba basically it's just this weird thing of why wouldn't you just call her phone?


Yeah. And Like, Okay. So he basically, he pings her phone, finds it, and it's at the corner of Sunrise Drive, an old Oregon trail. And when he gets there, he immediately takes a picture of it. It's sitting of her phone, of her phone, it's sitting. How do you do that? It's sitting with, you're just gonna keep saying that. I know. I'm sorry. That's No, no, no. You can, but I'm just saying it's, there's a lot of that. Yeah. There's headphones sitting on top of the phone on top Of them. Very neatly it says, and he takes a picture of it. So the police said that it looked staged. Yeah, they commented on that early.


That said it looked staged, but he didn't touch the phone. He like, whatever. And a lot of people on these threads were talking about if your significant other was missing in a way that you really felt was real, you would grab that phone and start looking at what are the last calls Text, really anything. Alright. So then he files a missing person's report. And in all, in every way, he talks about her. Instead of saying kidnapped or missing, he keeps using the word taken Liam Neeson style. Okay. So then they put up five days after she goes missing, they put up sherri papini.com and it's a website Five Days.


I'm sorry, go Ahead. It's just a website about the whole case. Please help us find her. She's missing with her picture and everything else, all the information, what she's wearing and the whole thing. And 10 days after that, this letter goes up on that website and it's from an anonymous donor. And it says that, it says like, I'm an anonymous donor, I'm offering an undisclosed reward for Sherry's immediate release. My middle man is Cameron Gamble, who's a inter in international negotiator who also happens to live in Redding. The fuck. Right. So this is, I think this is the part now, separate from people saying, please protect a victim who has been victimized.


Yes, absolutely. But this is the part where everyone's like, this thing stinks to high heaven. Yeah. Because when you go on, there's a really great article that was on the Daily Beast called like, things you should Know about the shady private investigator involved in the Sherri Papini case. Oh, fuck Yeah. And it's amazing because it's all about him and how like, it, it's really, there's lots of great information. There's videos that he has on his website, Cameron gamble.com. Is he a creep? He's a guy that's trying, like, he has, his organization is supposedly a non-profit, profit organization called Project Taken.


And it's about, dude, it's about warning women or like telling women what to do in case someone tries to kidnap them. What the fuck? So all of these things are like, just, they just are very suspect. Yeah. It's just all very, a little bit like a movie. Yeah. And a little bit I don too. I don't think so too. Co too coincidental. Very coincidental. And also in the best case scenario, what this person did in this anonymous donor that put this letter up on their website was basically trying to circumvent law enforcement and say, if you have her right, I I will give you money. Just bring her back. And We don don't, is it no questions asked.


Exactly. Oh no, you can't do that. They don't use that phrase. Right. But it's basically saying we don't have to deal with the police. Like if you, you can have the money just bring her back, which Pisses the police off so much. Because if that's actually the case, then other women are in danger And you have not Yeah. You can't do it that way. You, You've just eliminated all the suspects because you're being a fucking asshole. Well, It just, it doesn't work that way. No, it doesn't. And it's like somebody making up a new way to do it and then going like, I'm anonymous. Yeah, I'm anonymous. The amount of money is anonymous. Please use my middleman. Yeah. None of those things. No, I think really line up. No. And then it goes against law enforcement. Okay. So after she's found and the family asks for privacy, several family members grant a Daily Mail interview, which is the British newspaper, I believe.


And someone also sells a picture of her kids on Thanksgiving to the Daily Mail. And then of course her husband does both interviews. Do They know who sold it? Or is it like anonymous? They say family members. There's no one specifically named Fuck. In her 20, in his 2020 interview, her husband Keith says her signature long blonde hair had been chopped off, but hi. But she was described as having long hair by the 9 1 1 caller. And a lot of people bring up, like who has signature long blonde signature as to, as compared to what? Like, Dude, It's not, she's not like, you know, Gwyneth Paltrow or whatever.


It's, she's a mom. And even if it is, it's like why did the caller describe her as having that? And he said the exact, this guy seems to pick up phrases that sound coerced or not coerced. Like rehearsed. Rehearsed. Thank You. Yeah. But also just weird. Like it's thing where people get a weird feeling. And that's the thing that, like I what what we're now talking about that are in direct contention with each other is the weird feeling you have when you think someone's lying versus a victim trying to tell their Story. And I'm not, everything I've heard doesn't, it's, it makes the husband sound suspicious, not her. Right. She, it sounds like this fucking happened to her.


Well, yeah. I don't think, like nothing makes me think that this, that she isn't actually a legitimate victim. So basically when she, he gives these interviews, there's experts that are experts in like, whatever reaction or what, whatever facial rec, facial reaction recognition or whatever that say his crying is completely fake. Like he does these things where he bursts out into tears. Oh. But he, he makes the noises and his eyes get a little bit red, but there's no actual streaming tears. That, That, that whole fucking study is fascinating to me. I love that shit. Yeah. Like micro expressions and stuff like that. Like the way they know people are lying.


Amazing. It's pretty interesting. But I also think that that's interesting because that happens on TV shows a lot where people are supposed to be crying, like in acting, but it's really hard thing to do to fake cry. It's really hard, even if you mean it and wanna do it. So like you can, but we're all used to it where it's like people like, I just really, you know? Yeah. And you make the noise. You can do the voice and everything, but to get the stuff to come outta your eyes is really hard to do. Yeah. But you can still see it. Like I, I have a really hard time crying and there's moments where I'm like, it's okay to do this thing, but you, you're trying so hard not to, but you can hear it in the voice. Right. Well, the key, the key of real crying, I learned this in an acting class one time, tell me is trying not to cry.


'cause that's the real thing people do try not to, no one ever wants to really cry. Fuck. So sitting and, and I don't know this man and who knows what's really happening. None of us know. Again, I'm just gonna keep saying it. None of us know what's really happening, but most of the time, if you're being interviewed and you're talking about something that happened to a person, and also he'd already gotten his wife back home. Yeah. So she, she hadn't died. And yes, she had been a victim of something terrible, but he was acting like he was sobbing, but he wasn't actually sobbing. Which is just not a natural thing. Yeah. For people to, for I especially a man, I'm sorry to say. Totally. They have less permission to have emotion. You do a thing where you're like, sorry, gimme one second.


And you reign it back in and then you continue to talk and it's like, just give me a moment. And you think that they're gonna cut it out or something of the of We've all seen all of these shows a million times. We've seen All of these shows. You know what, it's, it's they talk and then their lip moves in a weird way and then the eyes go and the water's there. Yeah. And their voice Breaks. Their voice Breaks, they're embarrassed about it. And it's a very hard thing to fake. They're trying to get a point across and they can't. And guess what again, all of this theory there. Okay, so in his interview for 2020, he calls people who would doubt Sherry's story. Subhuman. Okay.


He doesn't call her attackers anything. What? Yeah. That's Amazing. But it's, he also said when he was on Good Morning America, he said, I understand people want the story pictures proof that this was not some sort of hoax plan to get money or fabricate a race war. What I do not see a purpose in addressing each preposterous lie. Yes. Who brought up race war? He did initially. He did. No, no, no. This is him. And that's the thing that everybody was saying of just like, of all those other things. Yes, yes, yes. We get it. You don't have to address every lie. Yeah, you're right. What, wait, why are we talking about a race war? What the fuck On Good morning fucking America.


They should have vetted this shit outta him. So, okay, now we're going back to this idea, which is a real fucking thing that happens in this country. Sex trafficking. It's horrifying. It really happens. Totally. It's still kind of mysterious. Nobody really knows what it looks like, what it means. It's very like Who would, nobody knows who it happens to. And it happens to people that don't. That it's not why it's not People aren't Visible. Yeah. Aren't Visible. It's not. Yeah. So we're all like, it never happens because it happens to people who are victims to begin with. Happens. Yes, that's right. Runaway kids. Yeah. But the thing that it that's true is it usually happens to younger women. This woman is 30, sorry, I said it 36.


2 36. Well, people, people Who won't miss the victims or won't be believed when they said that there's a victim That That's right. Or that there's, it's a runaway, you know, people who are At Risk. At risk. Yeah. And under something, something. So, but the other thing is, she, she, one of her injuries that was reported is that she was burned as if she, it liked, you know, 'cause as if she was branded for this sex trafficking. But reals sex trafficking is the branding is just a word that they use for it. They tattoo them. Right. They don't brand them like cattle because They want them to, they want to sell these women.


They, they don't want to ruin their, their okay. That No, that's exactly right. You know what I mean? They, well, a they don't wanna ruin their buddies. They Don't wanna cut their long beautiful blonde hair. Yes. That's a fucking selling point. Exactly. They don't wanna beat them up and break their nose. No. Those are all selling points. Right. But also the idea that someone wouldn't actually know the insider information that tattoos are how you brand Not with a brand Like quote, branding. It's like branding as a quote. Yes. What the fuck? So, so, so we're just adding up polls. We're just mentioning things or the reason people are suspicious. Got it. So the other, now we turn to her social media. Okay. Oh my God.


Excited. She had a wedding blog on which she claimed that she had never lived with a man, but she actually had been married and was divorced in 2007. Shit. So people are citing this as just kind of times before this isn't, she's been described as a super mom, as the best person in the world, as sweet, you know, all American. There's this picture that's been painted of her by him on the, in these interviews. And so people are just trying to cite other things that maybe would contradict That in consistent incon inconsistencies. Exactly. Got it. And one of them is that, that this very blatant lie that she was basically trying to make it seem like she'd never been married before.


Yeah. And it's like, well, why lie? It's not that that's a light on your fucking personality that makes it, that you should be kidnapped. It's, it's, well it's also, it's okay. It's not the 18 hundreds. Yeah. So you don't, but but this was long before. Okay. So it's kind of like saying, it's just kind of trying to show a thing that maybe this is a person who doesn't have a problem throwing up a lie. Yeah. But it could have been put up her, Or This is her. Okay. This was her wedding blog. Okay. But then I will contradict that, just in fairness to say Redding is a small town and there could be people that don't like her and are trying to defame her because she's in, in this spotlight and she is in a bad place.


And You know what I wanna say? Like I, I was engaged before Vince and I got married, and at this point in my life, I'm like, he was really just a boyfriend. Like it was, you know, like you get married and you're like, this was stupid. We were young. It's like it wasn't a real marriage. And you say it wasn't because it doesn't fucking matter. Sure. Does that make sense? Totally. Okay. Yeah. Or you just, you get to write whatever you want on your wedding blog. Yeah. There's plenty of ways to argue the other way. For sure. Now there was a blog post written under her maiden name, which is Sherry gra graph on a skinhead website, uhoh in 2007 Uhoh. And it was a story about her getting jumped by three Latino men, fuck.


And five Latina women. And her fighting all of them. Mo And the whole thing was kind of about why can't she be proud of being white? Oh no. So this is where, now here's the thing. Her father says that someone else wrote it and is impo I being an imposter and trying to make her look bad. But I feel like the second you start saying the word skinheads, And that is part of the, now this also is in this like northern central California. This is, this is the area where stuff like this takes place. I mean this is Yeah, because There is, there probably is a big, there's a huge Latina community there.


It's actually Redding apparently is like 97% white. Holy shit. So now I read that though. I mean, that might not not be exactly right. Yeah. Because I read that on in all of these posts that I was reading. Yeah, yeah. That might not be exact. Yeah. There's definitely a big Latina community because it's a, most of these are farming communities. Yeah. And I don't, I'm just saying what I'm reading. But this now on Reddit, there are all these people who claim to be from Redding and who went to high school with her. Oh my God. So basically, I won't get into the, now I realize I probably shouldn't get into the details of these stories. 'cause this is straight up slander.


Okay. This is gossip. There's no way to prove the people went to high school with her. Yeah. There's no way to prove That she wrote that post. Actually, There's, I don't know if there's any way to prove that she wrote that post. Yeah. They, they can prove that someone with that name wrote that post at that time. But they can't prove it was her. Right. Fingers on the keys. Right. Exactly. Alright. But, but however, it, it, it ties these two stories together. Yes. It just is a Yes. Exactly. Okay. This this thing with the people that talk about her, nobody is, is being malicious. Most of the people say this, this doesn't seem right. And here's what I know about this person, but I hope we find out the truth.


Right. Nobody is on there like in any way. But I mean, but also that's a good way to try to seem trustworthy. Yeah. Is to not be malicious. But most of the people said that in high school she needed to be the center of attention. And she would sometimes pretend to have heart problems if other people were getting too much attention. What? And so one of the stories was they were camping and a girl had a hypothermia. She was stayed in the lake too long. Jesus. And that hypothermia. And they, as they were rushing her to the hospital, all of a sudden Sherry had heart palpitations. And she, now she had a problem too. It was like, there's a couple stories like that where it's like kind of comes outta the blue in a very convenient way.


Okay. Again, unproven. Yeah. Who knows who these people are that are writing this. It leads up to one that is a fact and one that is I, that I, I'm kind of freaked out by. Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me. It's the diff disappearance of a girl named Tara Smith on October 22nd, 1998, then 16-year-old Tara Smith, a high school student in Reding, California, left home to go jogging only never to be seen. Never to be seen again. Tara's father believes that a local man who was Tara's romantic interest may have been responsible for her disappearance. He said on the night of her disappearance, she had plans to meet with the then 29-year-old Marsh Marshall Arts instructor.


No. Troy Zink all no. To end their relationship. He was married, no. And had a child, if not two children, and he had also served a year in jail for rape. Oh my God. Please. I never have children. Her father found an UNM mailed letter in her room after she disappeared that prompted his theories about zinc. In the letter she tells him, she knows she had made a huge mistake. She never should have gotten involved with him. But this letter was never delivered. And rather than give him the letter, we believe she wanted to confront him in person to break it off. Zinc told authorities that Tara had asked to meet him near her home.


And then when they met, demanded $2,000 from him. He refused and she got angry. And then she asked him to drop her off at the corner of Old Al Alteris Road, an old Oregon trail. No, eight miles from where Sherry Papini had been taken. That's a long mile. That's a lot of miles. He said he then went to hang Glider Hill to pray, and he returned home at 11:30 PM Tara's father went to his house after Tara didn't return. Tara, not Tara. And Tara's father said, zinc is an avid four wheeler guy. He knows the back roads.


He had five and a half hours to get rid of the evidence. Fuck. He's been smart enough to keep his mouth shut. The police have not been able to move ahead with the case. It's heartbreaking and very frustrating. The guy still lives in Redding. Almost 20 years have passed and he has gotten more comfortable, changed his name and thinks people have forgotten, but we haven't forgotten. And while he was missing, while she, while Sherry was missing her husband, Keith asked Tara Smith's father Terry for advice. Keith came to me And we spoke for about an hour. The father of the missing girl told the magazine, I just told him to stay strong for kids and not assume law enforcement has the answers.


And to push them. It was obvious Keith was torn up and I believe he was confident he'd get his wife back. Tara Smith was a schoolmate of Sherri Papini. Wait, they went to school together? They went to high school Together. The two girls? Yep. The girl that disappeared went to high school with Sherri Papini. Fuck. Tell me more. That's it. That's it. It's basically Shit. It's basically the, there's, there's no conclusion to be draw from it except for that it's an exact parallel of the same story. So we don't know where they are. Okay. But one could argue that I, I don't have any feelings against or for Sherry, I just think that the husband sounds suspicious as fuck.


I'm not Vic. I, I don't, I it sounds like she was a fucking victim, but whether it's of the crime that she, that is claimed that she went through, or this fucking husband who sounds like a piece of work, I don't know. I think that this is one of those kinds of stories that anything could be possible. Yeah. Like the thing everyone online keeps saying is it's a gone, a total gone girl situation. Yeah. And in that, I would say it's that you just don't, we just don't know. But the thing is that it's, to me, it's what's interesting is law enforcement doesn't seem to be moving overtly forward with any kind of, like, with anything.


Maybe they're, maybe they are and they're just not being like super vocal about it. The fact that they haven't worn the community to be on the lookout or to be careful or that this thing is happening. This speaks volumes to me. Yeah. And okay, so what was I gonna say? Oh, yeah, I don't know. The whole thing is just like creepy. It's super creepy. And there's a lot, the thing that's interesting is there's a lot of stuff cropping up. Like when I lived in Petaluma, we would hear gossip all the time about, about Polly Class's family. Right. And because it was, there was always someone that knew an insider that had something to tell you where that it's, oh, here's the gossip, here's the insider information.


And that it's like urban legends where that kind of stuff people like to talk about it. Yeah. When, especially when you don't know what the answer is. Yes. Theorizing about this and trying to put it together is very satisfying. Here's my thing. Okay. Here's the major thing. To me, what, the thing that sounds more likely is not two Hispanic women kidnapping a mother and wife off the fucking street and solely they're just not doing that. What's the, the other? Well, and 'cause also the husband said that she said they had, they had their faces covered. Right. So how would you know the Hispanic would have eyebrows that are a certain way?


Well, I mean, we don't know how they were covered, but why would you walk up to two people in a car with their faces covered? Yeah. The Hispanic women. It just sounds, it's one of those things where it's, it just sounds, it's so insulting to Hispanic women and I fucking don't see it. And then there's this man, it sounds so much more likely that the husband who is trying to get a lot of fucking attention and saying really fucking incriminating weird shit, and hiring people who, who skirt around law enforcement and has something to do with this, is so much more likely than two fucking Hispanic women who have no fucking reason to, to kidnap this woman and didn't. Well, that's, there's, there's no ransom.


Right. Right. They Let go. There's, there's no, there's no point. That's why everybody know, feels like it stinks. Yeah. That there's no point to it. It's not like the, the idea that they don't, she's not saying where she was in the meantime. There are no details. Yeah. About, there's absolutely no detail that she has given the police about where she was, what happened, what, like they were saying, somebody was saying, what state was she in? Like, were her nails cut? Yeah. You know, what, what did her clothes look like? Were they these, the same clothes that she left in? Like all of these things. What almost sounds more likely to me is that these things happened to this woman. These exact things she's saying, it just was someone else. And they scared her into saying that it was to Hispanic women.


I Disagree because the, the list of injuries that she gives, I no hospital would let you leave two hours after you arrive. Ooh. It doesn't make sense. Because if you have burns Yeah. That means you might have infection. Yeah. That you have to get you, if you've been starved, that means you are dehydrated. Dehydrated. Right. So they have to rehydrate you. They need to put antibiotics into you. And also you're in shock. You've just had this terrible thing happen to you. They're, They're gonna do a rape kit, which takes hours and hours. Right. Un I mean, unless there's no word about that whatsoever. Yeah. There's absolutely no word about that. But they're not going to, it's, it doesn't make sense that a ho no hospital would let somebody just walk out like, look, I'm fine after the list of like how badly she was beaten and injured.


The, the, the victim to me in this, and I, the thing I wanna protect is that is the two Hispanic women narrative. I just don't think that's fucking fair to I, and especially with the skinhead tie, it pisses me off that she would, that, that, that that would be the narrative. And Then I'll just remind that the skinhead tie could be some weird Right. Red herring. Right. Just, just to say it. Who knows what that is? I, 'cause anyone can write her name, you know, who knows what that was. Fuck man. It's, It's such a, but as you dig into the story, you know, it goes into like when I was in that stuff where it's like, oh, people that went to high school with her said she was this, said she was that. Yeah. But then I'm like, this is gossip.


This is, this is all gossip. This is shitty gossip. What would people say about me if, You know, if oh my God, it was me in the same situation. The Shit that people say about us would be, It would be upsetting. But interesting to come back around to the parallel story of a girl she went to high school with that actually did disappear. And this is the other thing I will read that someone, someone did say on Reddit that I actually really liked. Someone said, I actually work with human trafficking victims now and it really pisses me off that the whole world is freaking out over this one woman. Yet there are thousands of girls that go missing and are sold into sex trafficking every year right here in the us.


And they aren't even in the news. I really, really hope that they figure all this out and the truth comes out. Whatever it is, Fuck man. A fucking man. I mean, yeah. Shit. If it, if it brings light to the fact that sex trafficking actually does happen, that'll be great. But I feel like there's a lot of people who are like armchair detectives, like you and me who see who smell a rat. Yeah. And go, there's more to the story and they're not talking. Yeah. And, and also, oh, the last thing is they started a GoFundMe. Somebody else started a GoFundMe and in seven days they made $40,000 For the family.


Something fucking smells fishy. I mean, and it's in the, it's in his sister's name. This man, this, this dude. Like, I'm not even looking at her. This fucking dude. Well, This dude is saying enough himself to be incriminated nothing to do with her. She, she might have, she might have been a fucking pawn in his game and Or vice versa. Or a third choice that we don't, or a third choice. No choice. It's just so fascinating because when these things get presented on the news, I think back to like the, I saw this just briefly in passing. Yeah. And it was her blonde hair and big smile.


And this mother is missing and everybody's talking about it across the nation. And then it basically is like, okay, here's the story. Right. Wait. And then the end. And everyone's like, well Wait a second. Yeah. We need to make sure that we fucking update as, as much as we get as as soon as we get information about this, we need to update it. Because this is one of those things that like you never hear about again. And it's like, oh, well they all went to fucking prison. Also, the international kidnapping expert, is that part in the middle? Oh my god. Someone said this on Reddit, but is like, this is, this is basically a Cohen Brothers movie. It's like these characters, John Goodman.


I mean, it doesn't, it's like somebody coming in and being like, I I am on behalf of an, an anonymous donor. Right. I am here to say, you can come to me And you don't have to go to the cops. Which the cops up there must have lost their fucking shit. Yeah. I, I have a degree in international kidnapping, kidnapping things. I am, my major was Liam Nee Karen. That's our new fucking title For Listen, if anyone gets kidnapped And you need someone to fucking intervene on your behalf. Karen, don't Go to Karen and Georgia. No, him Come Right here. Karen and Georgia are my favorite murderer. Like, we are on this with fucking wild speculation. We personal experiences. There's Going to be a lot of, we are mad at you for saying this, that, and the other thing.


But I think not Misspeak This story, we think we've cleared it at, at every level. But this story is fascinating. You can't deny amazing. There's something else going on. And it's fascinating. Motherfuckers, everyone's a mother. What is fucking wrong with people? Just like, live your fucking life. I'm sorry. I'm really angry at people. It's just like, can we not have a fucking moment? Like not being total pieces of shit. Can't it just be Christmas? Can't it be fucking seize candy and fucking true crime Fucking plank cards. True cards and Elvis and fucking Mimi. Like, can we please? Oh, I hate it.


The answer that you get served up every week is No, no, No. Answer is nine. No, no moments Nine. Well, speaking of moments, anything that happened to you This week? Oh shit. Oh Fuck. I forget. I always forget. Okay. What's your Really think it through? All right. Well this, I think every week it's gonna be nephew for me because Oh. And we have our That's cheating family. I know, right. But I have a specific one. We had our family Hanukkah party last night and my nephew who's won, and my other nephew who's six, we like, I like made them all play a game. Toge. We all played a game. Yeah. And it was like, 'cause I didn't want my 6-year-old nephew to feel left out. And I want my 1-year-old nephew to like, have memories of my 6-year-old nephew.


And like, so I fucking auntie fucking Georgia. Like totally killed it. What game? Just Scared the baby. Did the baby like it? Maybe Loved scare the baby. Yeah, Of course. It was great. It was great. That's good. Yeah. It was just like, made me, made my heart feel good. I had kind of a magical moment, which was, I was turning to get onto the, the one-on-one freeway. And as I passed the mobile gas station, which is right On Coga there. Right there. Yeah. I think it is. Yeah. There were three men doing their nightly, what is it?


Prayers. Oh, there were, there were three men facing east. Oh my God. And doing their nightly Islamic prayers. Prayers. That's gorgeous. And it was, they were doing it 'cause they, it was just basically the furthest corner away from the gas pumps that they could Be. Right. And you have to be at the certain time, you have to stop wherever you were and do the prayers. Right. And, and it was, it was the furthest corner and it was like kind of around the corner, so it wasn't like people could see them or whatever. Yeah. But they were also doing it in front of the mobile symbol. So it was lit up for me as I turned to look at it, it was lit up in front of that symbol like a movie.


It was one of the coolest things I've ever seen. What A beautiful moment to remind you that there's more than just this traffic and this and driving and there is at that moment, someone is having a spiritual connection Yes. With the universe that has nothing to do with your surroundings and their surroundings And so much they're taking some time out to do that. And also that this is fucking America. Yeah. That that's what we were supposed to be able to see in America. Yep. That that's what you should want to see. And that's a great thing to see. And thank God we live in a city Los Angeles that doesn't interfere with that. Yeah. That sup that supports that and Is opening that and Is good with that and is fine with that.


Yep. Yeah. I love that. I felt very grateful. That's fucking gorgeous. That's a cool one isn't. And I played scare the baby. Meanwhile, I'm scaring the shit outta my 1-year-old nephew. If you go to iTunes And you can, you can rate, review and subscribe us and it, you know, it's great. It helps us. But, but fuck man. Thank you guys. Thank you guys. iTunes. My favorite murder. Instagram my favorite. I don't know. Just thank you. Thank You. Thank you So much. Thanks to Stephen Ray Morris of the per cast for Fucking Me or Audio engineer. Yay. And good gifts. You guys are amazing. Thank you for listening. Elvis, you wanna wait?


You wanna, Oh wait. Merry Christmas and, and happy holidays. Happy holidays, Elvis. You want a cookie? Want a cookie? All right. Stay Sexy. Don't get murdered. Bye. Bye. Okay, we're back. I wonder if there are any updates, Karen? It's nothing but updates. This has been a breaking story for 15 years. It's crazy. And I think it is really one of the last, I think it's the second to last white woman panic story. I mean, I shouldn't say last, it's always the vibe. But that thing, the way it broke on the cover of People Magazine when nothing was corroborated, nothing was factual, and they just ran with this disappearance story.


Yeah. That turned out to be this fake, I just think it was kind of like the, it feels like one of the last gasps of that entire, God forbid a blonde, anything bad happened to a blonde woman. Right. Totally. So if you didn't know, spoiler alert, the whole Sherri Papini thing was fake. It took them about four years to crack this case after the disappearance and the return. And what they did was they found a DNA match, which basically made everything unravel. They found DNA on Sherry and they then matched it to her ex-boyfriend, James Reyes, who basically she had faked this entire thing for so she could run off. Yeah.


And be with her ex-boyfriend in Costa Mesa. Let me tell you guys about Costa Mesa. It's like it's, it's cool. It used to be cool. It's not one of the ones that you would like run away for. It's not a city you would run away from your life for. Yeah. I'll tell you right now. And they keep in the documentary that they show the outside of the apartment and it's like you ran away for what? No. Yeah. Okay. It's that kind of thing where like when Facebook first came back and everyone started talking to people from high school and it all got real kind of fraught. You know what I mean? It has that vibe of like Sheria was way up in Redding. Yeah. And she was a mother and a wife and maybe not that much was going on. And then this guy rolls back into town and she's like, I'm giving it all up for Costa Mesa.


It's the thing of like, be careful what you wish for, sort of, you Know, and also be careful who you accuse because of course the first thing she tells cops is it was two Latina women. Yeah. One long hair, one short hair, one old, one young. All that shit. That sounds so fake. So anyway, Sherri Papini was charged with making false statements to a federal law enforcement officer and engaging in mail fraud because she got $30,000 from the California Victim's Compensation Board. Oh. So she was really in that storyline for a little while. Yeah. She was arrested for all of this. And in September of 2022, she was sentenced to 18 months in prison for all of that.


And she had to pay that $300,000 in restitution for the government funds that they expended looking for her. Totally. Shit man. And then in April of 2022, her husband Keith filed for divorce and got full custody of their son and daughter. She has visitation rights. She got outta prison in August of 2023. She's, I guess on parole till 2026. And her husband Keith, is in a Hulu docuseries called Perfect Wife. The Mysterious Disappearance of Sherri Papini, where Keith gets to tell his side of the story. Oh, we watched it. Did you? Yeah. Yeah. It Was, what'd you think it Was?


Yeah, there It was crazy. It was, we were both very, Vincent and I were very much like, there was a lot of what the fucks Yes. Are being said. What the fuck? You know, like, but why would your brain go to that conclusion then? Or why would you then do this next step? It like just boggles the mind in a way of like, for people who aren't this way, Did they talk about the thing where she went to high school with a girl who disappeared and there was like a lot of parallels to her story. Yeah. And the girl that actually disappeared. They Do. Yes. They to I forgot about. Yes, they totally talk about that. Which is so, so weird. Evil. Ugh. It's just kind of gross. Yeah. So, but again, kind of that thing where it's like it just is the perfect anxiety insider where it's like you're doing this on a national stage now.


Totally. You thought you were just doing a thing to get out of having an affair. Yeah, No. All right. Well we did it. We've done it. And again, once again, I mean we can only say so much about our own episode and it's other people's opinion that really matters. We just did it True. We've done it twice now. Like we, I mean we just keep doing, it's insane. So if we want to rename this one, which we don't, no, because An Albert Fish Production is the best name of all time. But if we did, We could possibly name it day 403, which is Steven's Mustaches age. Also the How Dare You podcast, which was just something I said to Steven and I did say to Steven all the time, I love that.


How Dare You podcast is great Defiance disorder, which you have. And then I think me saying I do too means I don't, I think if, if I actually had it, I would've said to you, I don't. You know what I mean? Because I'd define you, but I didn't. Absolutely. I went along with it. Absolutely. Yeah. Totally. Alright, well thank you guys so much for listening And stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah,


Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out, so you can say goodbye to stains and hello to Worry-Free Living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly, and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.