
This is exactly right.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma, agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Bettering your business. Takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


Blessing. Blessing. Oh, French Dressing. Exactly. Oh, that's Good.


I'm a j Jacobs and my current obsession is puzzles. And that has given birth to my podcast, The Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily Puzzler nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to The Puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Now this one. Oh, this one's so long. Why didn't we make this two episodes insane? Why In God God's name Would we have Dave do his own whole fucking story? I don't. Or why Wasn't it just Dave doing his own whole story, right? Like, what the fuck were we thinking? Hello? Hello. And Welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. That's right. It is when it's day. So we are recapping one of our old shows with all new commentary and case updates and emotional reveals.


Now this one is crazy. We're recapping episode 36, which we named live from the LA Podcast Festival because it was our first live show. Live, Right? Amazing. Oh my God. I can still remember driving to that live show from work. Yeah. Trying to put on makeup in the car as I go to this, our first live show. And it was like, and it was, Yeah, Why can't I Like Nothing in my life is set up so that the things I should be prioritizing are prioritized for ex first and foremost my appearance or You and yourself and your own, like anything, your own ambitions.


Nope. To pay those bills. Oh. Anyway, so on this episode, we're joined by our very first guest, a comedian and fellow podcaster, co-host of The Dollop, Dave Anthony. And even he tells a story as we were everyone complaining earlier, Everyone gets an hour. So get comfy and join us as we take you back to September 29th, 2016. Which of course would also have been the 258th birthday of British Naval Hero, Admiral Nelson. We must celebrate Admiral Nelson. He joined the Navy when he was 12 years old. Who? Who is that? Allison Nagai. But not in there. I don't under, she originally put in, it was the birthday, whatever birthday of Kevin Durant.


And I was like, George and I don't really follow basketball. And then we look, she goes, I know, but nobody else was born on this day. And we look, it's Halsey and it's Kevin Durant and it's Admiral Nelson. And everybody else is like a YouTube star that you and I have not heard of. I've never heard of Admiral Nelson. So that's fine. But He joined the Navy when he was 12. Oh, well baby. Alright, let's do This. It's time for the intro of episode 36, which which is the first live anything we've ever done. Let's see how we do. Wow.


Alright. We did this wrong. All right. There's trash. Just don't worry About the trash. Glamorous, classy, professional. Hi. Welcome To My favorite Murder Live. Everybody. We had Them. We had them recreate my apartment. Yes. On stage, George's blue curtains are gorgeous. Oh my God. Can we talk about this? Yes. Can we please? Fuck Karen. Tell me everything. Well, last week when we were talking about how we are gonna come and do a live podcast, and we were talking about all the things we needed to do and bring and have to recreate the same environment that we have in Georgia's hot, hot apartment when we record Hot, hot every week.


And Georgia made a joke and said, I guess I'll buy a cage to bring Elvis. And I said, or you could just have him stuffed. And Her heart broke in front of me. And now I'm that friend. So I've been trying to think for like six days trying to think like, you gotta make good on that piece of bullshit. I didn't even know. And then I remembered that I'm a compulsive vintage thrift store shopper. Yay. And I got shit like this laying around by the dozens. And I was like, excuse me, don't you have a some sixth grade teacher hand knit a Siamese cat?


And it's just been sitting in a closet for like, fucking, Like seven years and make, are you answer? Yes, Elvis is here. When I saw that backstage, I was like, I'm not supposed to see that. And if I look at it, I'm gonna cry. So I didn't because it's so sweet. And so I didn't look at it. Ow What happened? I'm trying to move my, okay, Here we Go. There We go. Have you gotten a good look at it? 'cause there's truly about four years of dust right on the top. You guys can see that meant A lot. Karen, thank you so much. And I would've dusted it off, but I was running late. And if you know my apartment, you don't know my apartment.


This is the most perfect thing for my apartment. It's Going to match everything Exactly. Like, it's like a, it's like a grandma, and there's like sea foam happening, and It's a sea foamy apartment. Everything. It makes me, so, thank you so much, Karen. You're Welcome. I I got you a nothing. It's, I'm gonna catch a moonbeam in my pocket. Save it to, this is our First live show. Look at it. Thank You, you guys. I'm nervous. I'm nervous. Are you nervous? I'm nervous. Let's Talk it through. Okay. What do you think it could happen? That's nerve wracking.


It already happened. Off the What? No, Nothing. Dusty cat picture. No, nothing. Nothing. Everything's good. This is Great. But what's your, we're just working through worst fears. Like, I mean, flirting comes To mind. Oh, it's like it's boyfriend right there where you can't stop making eye contact. Well, that's His fault, not yours. Good one. You know, What's yours? Mine is saying something so stupid and then like, silence. You know what I mean? Everyone laugh at that. Please. Thank you. Wow. Jeb Bush. That can have felt good. Everybody laugh at that. Well, because when you're, when we're doing it in my apartment, it's like we're just talking to each other. I know.


Let's just, I'm gonna pretend we're talking to each other. Good plan. Okay. Because you still have to talk to me. I insist. Okay. Yeah. We're very excited. It's obviously we can't do our normal house cleaning. I mean, housekeeping. Oops. I, I messed up my line already. Housekeeping, housekeeping, Housekeeping. Do you Have any? I don't. Oh, yes, I have one. But it's like heartfelt and touching. Housekeeping. Go, go, go. I love that. It has nothing to do with me not knowing the capital of Norway or whatever the fuck ignorance is exposed on this goddamn podcast every week. I used to think I was super smart. You should have seen me in the nineties fucking playing Jeopardy at home and shit.


Now, now I'm like a shell of a woman. So Dustin, the head of Feral audio, forwarded this email to us the other day who Also brought us fucking flowers. And He brought us double roses, you guys. Yeah, that's right. That's well, and exactly how you do it. Who's that character? So this is the email he sent, and it says, some of you'll recognize this if you've listened to the podcast recently. Hi, Karen and Georgia. Oh my God. Just heard your podcast about me. You two made me cry and feel so honored while my attack was horrible. Hearing you two reminded me that my story might help other women.


Thank you for this gift tonight. It's been 21 years. I'm raising my son and daughter trying to prepare them for a crazy world. My attack is now part of my DNA, just who I am. But you honored me by reminding me, even me, that stories of survival remind us all of the gift of life and challenge of our survival. Call me. And she gave us her phone number. It's Jennifer Morey, the chick Who, yeah. The woman who got attacked by the security guard story, who held her open neck open, closed with a towel. She doesn't hate us. She wants us to call her. She Is super into it.


What The fuck We're gonna fucking call her, dude. We, we can't do it now. That'd be, no, that would be weird. Invasion of privacy. Let's, Jennifer, we're all here. Hey, Jennifer. What color? Tell have your neck together. That's bananas. Because like, I feel like we're both always afraid that we're like, you know, we don't wanna make any victims feel that we're just like exploiting them. There's so many, there's so many potholes to fall into. Sure. There's so many. Sure. And this is just like, I know you were really happy to get this like, nice fucking email from someone that we talked. Like, that's bananas. Well, also, I'm so obsessed with the show. I survived that Jennifer.


Right? That's that too. That, that Jennifer. But Jennifer Morey is like one of my real housewives. Only she did something way fucking cooler. Fucking cooler right now. Like she's a badass. Yeah. Also probably a housewife. So yeah. She Deserves to be a housewife at this point though. I mean, like, take your fucking day off, man. But the, well, that's the cool thing is she's an attorney and she's a, a victim's rights advocate, so she's going for it. We have no excuse. We have to leave this podcast festival right now and help someone. Let's Go. All of us. We, we Just make everyone leave the podcast And become victims rights advocates Tonight. Children, Tonight, tonight near the Beverly Center.


We, there's a, a van outside and it's signing everyone up and we'll know if you don't do it. I feel like there was another thing that we were supposed to mention. You guys, You're used to this already, Except Steven edits this Part out. Yeah, that's right. Is all gonna get pulled on the podcast? Drink it in. All right. I guess we just bring out a guest. Let, no, let's just do it. We Only have 90 minutes. Let's, So after we in interview each and every one of you, I think then we're gonna go to the cards.


Well, our guest tonight, excitingly enough, is a, one of the hosts of The Dollop and Hugs, my first comedy boyfriend. So please Welcome To stage Dave Anthony. Okay. Oh, That's Awesome. Hi. Hi. You guys are at the table and I'm over here. I Know. Get in here. Let's scoot it on over. Yeah. I can't get on. Charlie Rose, this thing. Charlie Rose the sciatica. How is that? By the way? I had a friend Great. In New York who had the sciatica thing. Did he, did he, what Did he, how did she cure It? Oh, she didn't make it. Oh, that's awful news.


Yeah. I probably shouldn't have brought that up. Fuck Sake. You know what? I don't remember how she, it doesn't matter. But you're probably getting a lot of suggestions. I'm getting so many, but very nice ones. Thank you everyone. That's good. Because it's a ter She, I remember her going through it. It was, it was terrible. It sucks. What are you Gonna do? Yeah. I had a little back thing. You Know, some people have war in their country, so it's hard to Complain about. Yeah. Yeah. Sica, you know what? Don't complain about your own pain because people have been to war. Yeah. It's Funny. So, Oh, we are back. I mean, wow. What a strong start. I remember everything about that live show. It's like the last one I truly remember on its own.


The other ones that we've done since then are all kind of like a mishmash of moments. Yeah. But maybe 'cause I was so nervous. Yep. But you also gave me that Siamese cat knit Art. Yep. That was so unexpected and incredible. Well, And because I, I had basically threatened Elvis's life. You could interpret it that way if you chose to. So I did need to give a, do a little makeup. But I also knew that like, it's like, oh, we're so nervous and we're so kind of concerned with what's going on that we're, I was afraid we weren't gonna do any of our normal stuff at the top. Right. You know what I mean? That it was just, but We had no idea. We didn't discuss. And also we were in this conference room listener, let us describe it for you now, because we were in the IL Hotel, which is in right downtown Hollywood, essentially.


Yeah. Up in a conference Room. Beautiful, beautiful fancy hotel. Yes. Yeah. A conference room that was fully lit. I could look into and probably describe to you the faces of the audience members that were there that night. Yeah. And we didn't know, like we were, that was part of LA Podcast Fest. So I was like, oh, these people were just already here. And they're just like, oh, we'll go see them too. Right. There's a break. Let's go see this podcast. It was like, do you think it was like 150 or 300 people? What do you think? I mean, somewhere around there. It was A pretty big conference room. I would say somewhere between two and 300 people. Yeah. Because that Sounds right. It was a nice big, you know, ovation. It didn't feel like there was like sparse seats, you know, empty seats or anything like that.


Yeah. It, it really did feel like we had a nice kind of thing going. But I do definitely remember beforehand when we were backstage, I turned to you and I was like, do you have the theme song? And you literally kind of like, kind of like smiled at me and walked away. Like, I think you were going into nerves. Oh. Or going into some sort of personal space of like, we're about to walk on stage and meanwhile, Me know, I was going into is a fucking glass of champagne. Oh Yeah. That's where I was going into. You're like, I gotta get in here. Because I was like, I should have thought about this. But now that we're standing here, like when they say our name, we should go onto the theme song because that's gonna help us a lot. You know, whatever. Yes. And thank god Steven was backstage. Steven. Yes. Steven saved the day as he's done a million times.


Yeah. Where he was kind of like, I got it. He's like, I think I have it. I don't know. And I'm like, will you just go find the person and make this happen? You know what we need? And he was like, yes. And he did it. It was great. He did. Thank you, Steven. Alright. So for some reason we thought it'd be a great idea that night to let each one of us, you, me, and Dave tell an entire fucking story. Yeah. Like, why didn't we have Dave do one? Why didn't you or I do one? I don't know. Really strange. I think we were just kind of like, well, this is what he does on his podcast. Yeah. Right. We'll all do it together. Yeah. It was no, I mean this no concern about time. No. This could have been two episodes. Like why did we, why did we do this to ourselves?


Also, I think this was a very early us talking about the Trailside killer and like the kind of stuff we were doing in, this is probably the height of the bad combination of comedy and true crime. Right. Where We're really being casual and jokey about some of the, the Trailside killer. Well, at least personally, 'cause I lived through it and like watched it on tv Totally. Was a very, very traumatizing thing for kids in the North Bay to go through. Yeah. And I think that's what Dave and I were kind of processing was just like this and kind of being able to retell it, you know, whatever it was 50 years later with that distance.


But it also just really cringey. Some of these jokes are horrible. Totally. Totally. I mean, and all three of the cases that we cover are terrible and could stand alone. But let's get into Dave's story. He's first Yeah. Here's his story about the Trailside Killer.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For a liability, get into Tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


What you're hearing is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding withstand severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.


Dave, will you please tell us about your favorite murder? Oh my God, David. This is our first guest. Favorite murder. Yeah, I know. I went back and I was like, well, they've had to have a guest on and you guys had no guest. Oh Yeah. No, we Don't. Very first. We expressly do not. Yeah. Elvis and Steven are the only people we've had in the podcast. Yeah. So my favorite murder, by the way, took a really great picture of us and I just posted it. Oh, I think, Did we know It's Gross? It's me and it's me and Georgia. Am I picking my nose? It's me and Georgia backstage.


She is my favorite ghost. Oh, Georgina Hobo. Oh, There, she's, that's Georgina Hobo right there. Hoa spinoff. Oh, I, I turned off my Fucking asshole. I never called you a fucking asshole for that. So I grew up near Karen. I grew up just south of her in a place called Marin County. And in Marin County we have a place called Mount Tamal. Pius. Yeah. Come on. Just the one been there. And some really fucking great things happen at Mount Tamal. Pius. Yeah. Oh, this says shark attacks. So let's bring up the actual one.


Well, I've gotta get on my email. Oh, we didn't have, Hey, how you guys, We didn't tell you. There's no notes On this. No. You guys have been, you guys Reading Recite, you guys have been reading Wikipedia. I've been listening. Sun fluid is crazy. Used to be. Right. And then you get correction corner. Yeah. It's made us millions of dollars. Yeah. I do a carefully crafted podcast, which makes us much less money than that. Okay. That sounds boring, but it's, Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Some guy, some guy, one time on Twitter, all of a sudden he comes outta nowhere and he goes, you get a stupid podcast.


You just read Wikipedia, you talk about it. I was like, yeah. I mean, I don't know. That's your new tagline. I Wikipedia. Yeah. That's what I'm doing. Right. That's fun. Absolute. That's it. But then I got, I got in trouble. So you don't do that anymore. Okay. So I put a date on May 6th, 1930. Yay. I Can't, it's called a crossover. I cannot do that. It's called a mashup. It's called a crossover. It's called a mix tape. Okay. So David Carpenter, and you obviously know I was doing this one because who else would I do from Marin? Yeah. So he was born in San Francisco, raised by very strict and aggressive parents.


Alcoholic father, beat him up, neglected him. His mother was very domineering and nearly blind. What? Yeah. So that's like How to make a murderer. I mean, 1 0 1. I mean, how did it not murder at three? Yeah. Wait, blind and aggressive. What does that look like? What it feel like? It's messy. There's a lot of punching of you. And then like a wall, A lot of lamps broken in that house. Not a flower. Stayed in a vase through his whole childhood. Ah, get over here. I'm punching things.


So when, when he was seven, he was stuttering so badly. Oh, he had a difficult time in any social situation. See what she just did. I just told her backstage. That's why we don't do terrible, really, really terrible murders on the Donald, because neither I or Gareth would go, oh, that's ever. And then it's a different show where you're like, fuck are these guys doing? It's called the Humanity. Oh look, empathy helps Try empathy. So he is stuttering horribly. Then he was being ridiculed, which made him painfully reclusive. And to get him over this, his parents forced him into extracurricular activities.


Oh, I've been there such as piano and ballet. Oh. Oh, dude. That old blind bitch. Fuck her. Seriously. That is passive aggression, if not overt aggression. She can't even see him doing ballet. I know. Why does she, how does she enjoy that? Purely for the humiliation. Yeah. Yeah. So Ollie that did not help his crippling stutter. He then began to take out his frustrations on animals and he became a bed wetter.


Ding dong. We've got two. Yeah, We've got two so far. Ding. When does he hit his head in ballet class to give us the majestic trifecta of serial killing. Then when he be became a teenager, he started molesting children. He was arrested for molesting his two cousins, three and eight. He served a year for that crime. Good. Oh, as you do perfect. Oh, you're gonna enjoy the sentences. And this one. And then he was released, he became even more of a predator. Continue molesting until he met a woman, Ellen Heel, who had no sense of anything. And then got married.


She's like, you seem so fucking weird and your family is crazy. Let's get married. I wanna lock this down. He, he worked at different jobs. He was a ship's purser. My dad was a ship's Person. He is. I have no idea what it is. What the fuck is that? It's, I think you run around giving ladies purses. No one. It's it's gopher from the love book. You just carry bags and stuff. That's it. So you're like a bellboy on a Ship. Right. Exactly. Okay. It's a bellboy. Yeah. Yeah. What I wasn't sure what it was. I just, I, I just assumed someone here would know. Karen turns out it's come.


He was also a salesman and a printer. He had a very serious need for sex and was very demanding. He needed to have sex three times a night. He waved it. He he saved it all till the nighttime. Yeah. Yeah. He wouldn't sprinkle it throughout one morning, one af like, come on, everyone come on In. Needed at night. Okay. The night hours. He's a, he's a night fucker Trying to read a book over here against When you do what you Do and I'll do what I do. Come on. So I always find the build up to people.


Fascinating how they got there. And in the, in The Dollop. It's always, and then their, and then their mother, father died when they were three, right? Every story. Yes. Everyone. And then I assume you guys get a lot of bed wetters. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Heading heads all the time. Mean Dads bed. Wetters. Oh Yeah, We stepdads. Oh Yeah. Jesus fucking Christ. So he had three children with her. And then he began prowling again in 1960, became friends with a woman, Lois Deandre. No, Deandre. And he invited her to meet his wife and started including her in their lives. Then one day he took her to work, but instead of doing that, he drove her to a wooded area of the Presidio, which at that time was an army base.


And pretended like he was lost. At some point, he grabbed her, straddled her, bound her with a clothesline and using a knife. He threatened her and forced her to be still. He said he had still, he said he had a funny quirk that needed to be satisfied. Earl funny. It's not ballet, right? It's not, It's Not. And then he put on a tutu. This is terrible. She then tried to get away, and So he hit her several times with a hammer. Oh, Fuck. Now, before and during the incident, he completely lost his stutter. His speech was slow and deliberate and angry. Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. Thankfully there was an MP on the base and he was very suspicious watching the car, Watching a woman getting hit in the fucking, Because like, I don't, I don't like the light.


Look to that knife. I don't know. I would be too, She's, she seems to be crying near the knife. So, So he hurt, and then he heard the cries for help. And he was near, So he came over and carpenter got outta the car and shot at him and missed. And then the MP shot back and hit carpenter in the leg. And I think the back carpenter was arrested. But he said his excuse was that he blacked out during the whole attack, which is solid. Yeah. Let him go. It's A solid excuse. Yeah. Oops. I don't remember hitting her with a hammer. I Think I was napping. He was given a 14 year sentence.


Not enough. That's it. That's the story. Yeah. Oh, well, thanks for being here, Dan. And then for some reason, his wife divorced him. I don't know why. During his stay in prison, psychiatrist reported that Carpenter has a quote, sociopathic personality disorder and an IQ of 125. That's too many IQs. You're smart. That amount makes me nervous. Yeah. That many, that's more than me. For sure. More than I. In 1969, he was freed.


After nine years being a catch, he remarried four months after getting out. Fuck No. But look, he had been doing pushups and he got that one tattoo, and he was like, I'm gonna put a cigarette in the corner of my mouth and stuff. You, you, you, you think it sounds bad, but then if you see prison trim, like just a trim. Oh Yeah. You're like, all right. Well, yeah. The other stuff, the stutter, the killing of animals. The molestation. Yep. The beating of a woman with a hammer. Like that's The toe shoes. He looks good. He looks, you Can look past it. You can look past it. You Can. Yeah.


But in under a year, he returned to his ways and the marriage was over. Then he hit a woman with Hi. So he, he drive. So there's a woman driving and he hits her car, and then he pulls her out of it and starts ripping her clothes off in the middle of the road. Terrified of this. This, I think about this all the time. What? Yeah. Like someone intentionally hitting your cart. Yeah. So they can pull all your clothes off. Oh, I mean, but who doesn't? They, they like, I was at State Farm Insurance the other day and they brought that up. What a common accident situation. Yeah. They're like, have you, have you, I know you've been an offender bes, but has anybody ripped your clothes off?


And I was like, no. Have you been any, Thankfully not yet. There was a bender pulley offer. What, where are you? It's a, it's a, I'm gonna describe that as a unique anxiety that you have. So, so she fought him and then he stabbed her. She somehow managed Dad an anxiety about that. I'm a weirdo that way. She managed to get back in her car and get away, and she got his license plate. Fuck yeah. That kind of shit. Fucking amazes me. Yeah. Can she email us and tell her to call us Please? Like, she is like, she probably had like crazy, like 30, 20 vision.


And she was just like, just like blowing people up with her mind. It's like, you're gonna fucking, you're gonna pull my clothes off. I'll fucking memorize every letter on your license plate. Amazing. His license plate was like a vanity plate of like, kill. I'm a killer. Love to kill one. So figuring that he was probably up Schitt's Creek at this point. He broke into a home, kidnapped and raped a woman and stole her car. Two days later, he snatched Sharon O'Donnell and held her with a shotgun.


But when he tried to switch license plate on license plates on his car, she escaped. He then stole another car. Later that day, he kidnapped and raped another woman. And he was arrested later that day. This was February 3rd, 1970. He was going for It. Top day. And we have those days where like, I'm gonna fucking tick every check mark on my to-do list. I'm going to get shit done today. I'm sick of it. I will go to Home Depot. Yeah. I will drop those clothes off at the Goodwill. Yeah. I'll rape a ton of people. I just have to it. Oh no.


But this is the podcast where we get fucking thrown. 'cause we're just like being so mean right now. Too bad. Okay. I can't live that way. I can't live under that pressure. I've gotta be, I've gotta be me. That's why this works. That's why this works. So he was sentenced to seven years for Kenne and robbery. And he pled out. He also received two more years for his parole violations. He got out in May, 1979, but was not listed as a sex offender. No. My god. Well, I mean, why would you? No, he didn't do anything. I Mean, he offended, but it wasn't sexual.


So good. He took up hiking as a hobby Alone in the woods. Perfect. But not like other people. He liked the seclusion of the wilderness, 'cause it To dress like a clown. He was the clown hiker. Sorry. He liked to grab women. So that's the perfect place. Just three months after being released, while living at a halfway house, he committed his first murder on August 19th, 1979. Ed a Cane 44 was walking on the trails of Mount Tamal Pius, which overlooks Golden Gate Bridge, which is also where I grew up riding mountain bikes right next to my house, which is also where I asked my wife to marry me. Oh, I didn't tell her this part.


That's why it works. Oh man. I love you. And there's some other stuff we'll get to later And Like a week we'll talk about you. But this is a weird spot. So Ed was alone. Well, she was attacked from behind, forced to get on her knees and beg for her life. And then he shot her in the back of the head execution style. Oh, fucking dick. Yeah. He, for her body was found the next day. He had taken $10 from her wallet, credit cards and her glasses and left very little evidence. Witnesses said they saw two loan men. One was blonde and acting strange.


The other had on a dark blue jacket that made him sweat. And he, hi his face. Which one Is it? I mean, clearly the guy walking around acting strange is smoking pot. Yeah. And then the guy hiding his face is the fucking killer. Yeah. Well, there's one guy acting wear with this blonde, and there's another guy that's like, ah, Also wearing a jacket when it's hot, it creeps me out so bad. Oh, it creep like that immediately gave me a stomach ache to think about that. Yeah. Yeah. The only, the fucked up people wear jackets when it's hot. Just like a weird jacket. No, you're a murderer. We should, they should be able to just arrest people wearing jackets on hotcakes. You're A murderer or you're anorexic and you're fucking cold all the time. That's, and like, seek Some help, man. That's right. Either way, they should arrest them both totally.


He just spit on my iPad Said from us. So this guy was clearly carpenter for a brief time. People living there were freaked out, including young Dave Anthony. But then things went back to normal, like nothing happened. Everything went by and then everyone started walking the trails again. He was released from the halfway house he was living in. So when he did that, he was living in a halfway house and he went to live with his parents. Remember? Be proud of him. Old Blind bitch. Right? And whoever the dad was. Yeah. Why would you, okay. Gotta go to the source. She's Like, you can live here again, but you have to do ballet more. Put on this apron.


He somehow found a way to pass as a normal productive citizen. He took courses in computer printing at a trade school and graduated with a degree. Then in spring, he went back to killing in March. I mean, you get stuff done. Like Crushing is boring, Right? You get stuff done and then you're like, I gotta get back to my hobby. This computer printing is really stressing me out. I gotta relax. March 23-year-old Barbara Schwartz was walking on Mount Tam when a thin athletic man walked up to Schwartz and her dog started barking at him. He had dark hair and wore hiking boots. She, he quickly just started stabbing her with his 10 inch knife.


Fuck Man. She was stabbed 12 times. She collapsed and he ran off and she was dead. Now the reason we know this is because this was all seen by a woman who was standing in the trees. Wait, what? Watching what? So some woman just was sitting there standing, standing In The trees. I mean, look, everybody's a weirdo. That was a misprint in the fucking newspaper. I promise you. Just, What they didn't say is she had a wet night count on. Ma'am, are you all right? There haven't been women around here in 25 years. No woman on the tree. What a terrible story this is.


And that's, that's the, the tag on of our podcast. What a terrible story. What a terrible story. It's not a great one. I never thought I'd be reading this in front of 400 people. This is not 400 people. There's no, Now that's your anxiety talking. So, right. Seen by woman, the trees, unfortunately, she described cha Carpenter horribly. And the investigation would be misled for years because of her terrible description. Shocking. She's crazy. Other people, other people in the area. So they saw a man wearing glasses who looked about 40.


That was carpenter The knife was on days later. Could that, could that woman have been like an egret or something? They're just like a bird standing in the forest. I, that's a terrible description. So mustache. Yes. I don't, okay, So the knife was found days later and a TV reporter handled it destroying the fingerprints. No, this is 1970. This is 79. Jesus. Like guy Like, touch, touching, touching.


He is just like super into touching things. What a story. Yeah. They're gonna love this across the bay. 1979 is not that long ago. No, we're not. This isn't January 1st. Oh no. We totally had fingerprints figured out at that point. But other than that, just touch away whoever gets there first. Carpenter also lost his prison issued glasses during the attack. And what's so crazy is, I, as a child from the sketches, I totally remember the glasses. Yes. You're Wearing them, right? Yes. I mean, weird time to bring up, this is my hero.


So the next day he went to an optometrist, Barbara Schwartz, optometrist, the woman he had killed to get new glasses. No. On purpose. No, no. Total. Just happenstance. What The fuck? Now he had a very unique prescription and had the optometrist who was questioned by police, been told about his unique prescription. He probably wouldn't have been able to finger carpenter right there. And then And they had the glasses. 'cause the glasses came off. Yeah. So the cops had the prescription, but they never thought to be like, what do you think about a 70 30?


Oh My God. So now again, people living around the area are totally freaked out. Not going near Mount Tam again. And then again, time goes by and people start going back to Mount Tam. The Flowers are so pretty, It's hard to stay away. There's great trees and there's a woman standing and a grit. Like woman standing in with a wet robe. Wet robe. That's fine. So on October 15th, 26-year-old Ann Alderson was sitting alone watching the sunset. Don't do it. A witness a witness saw her and also saw a weird 50-year-old man.


But decided against warning her, Oh, well bro, Call the Fucking. But I'm sure he led a fine life with just him and his bottle of whiskey. Oh. Just sitting there going Cluck. Look, look. Yeah. That's horrifying to you Would never forgive yourself. You were That pr Of course. Never. Never, never. It's awful. That's the thing is like, then just be rude. Go up to people and be like, hi. I know this makes me the weirdo, but there's a weirdo over there. Yeah. You know, you, you make the call who you hate or run away from. But as A dude, as a dude, you walk over and go, Hey, there's a Really weird guy. Right? Come in close while I describe the guy.


Can I drive you home? Let me drive you away from the crew. He's got curly hair, glasses and like gray pants and a maro week. I, I totally understand why you wouldn't say it, but I also just, ugh. What are the fucking chances, man? Let you see a weird, like I see a weirdo multiple times a day. Yeah. Looking in the mirror. No. Okay. So Anne was an escalation. She was raped and then allowed to dress again. And then shot with a single bullet. Fuck through the head. He took her right earring and then propped her up to make it look like she was sitting against a rock.


She also appeared to have been shot while begging for her life. And he was just getting rolling. Shauna May was supposed to meet friends on November 28th in Point Reyes National seashore to go hiking. She was found two days later, she was nude and had been raped and bound with picture frame wire shot three times in the head and dumped into a trench. Right. Besides her body, it was a second young woman, 22-year-old Diana O'Connell. She had also gone missing this time wit, while hiking with friends. What, what, what, what, what? Oh, this is the worst. One of her friends, oh. Was faster and got ahead of her on the path hunt and her other friends.


Am I wrong? She's kind. You're not wrong. You're not wrong. You're not. Because I had total empathy for that person. I was like, man, she just wanna get in the top. And you guys, no Congratulations. You're up there. We're talking about like my new boy I'm dating and you're just like, bye bye. Fuck you. Watch my calves. Hi. Fuck you. Okay Then what about her other friend who was slower that was behind her? Oh No. Who's the cunt now? I can't choose anymore. There's so many to pick from. It's a weird thing to go hiking with your friends and then you all split up. No, We don't do that. That's why I don't hike or have friends.


It's not worth it. So she also disappeared. Her friends saw nothing. 'cause they were so far heading behind. And So either friend, no one, it was as if they were all going, going, she was gone. And then the middle person, They got to the top and they're like, where is she's? That's horrifying. Horrifying. Like off the trail. And it was supposed to be horrifying. Yeah. Yeah. Diana had been shot twice in the head, a nearby, a hiker nearby. Heard all the shots and it appears Carpenter had killed them. Both the girls at the same time. Wait, The the, So the two girls were sitting side by side in a trench and he had Oh, killed them both at once. Yeah. Shit, man.


A Diana had also been strangled and raped. The police concluded. One of the women had interrupted carpenter attacking the other woman. Oh, So he killed them both. Yep. That's, I I just really quick. Yeah. I wish I could, we had a slideshow of Mount Tam right now because it is the most gorgeous. It's amazing place. It's so beautiful. The place where they take all the, all the pictures of San Francisco where you of the Golden Gate Bridge and then you see San Francisco behind it. That's Mount Tam. Yeah. Wow. That's where it's, that's where Elvis is. It's redwood trees. It's like, it's got, it's the most for natural, you know, whatever. Wonder. Yeah. I mean it's just the most incredible one. Like we would go on field trips there all the time in grammar school. Mountain bikes were invented there.


Yeah. Really? It's, yeah. Mountain bikes were invented. So The idea that this man is that fucking like, angry that he's going to like God's most, most perfect place and fucking hiding and, and picking people off. And we all were just like, Hey, you wanna go to Mount Tam for the day? And you would just go walking and hiking out. Like, everybody would just be Mount Tam would just, you'd go there for the day and just hike. Walk around and cruise around. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. It's crazy. Yeah. It's Scary. Okay, so that same day, two more bodies were found a half mile away. Jesus both had been shot in the head. What The fuck? He's in his berserker mode. Yeah, he's gone. He's gone. He's going crazy. Creepo bananas. I think they call it in court.


You're a circuit court judge. I am a circuit court judge. Cool. This was my case. Oh, this might be unethical, but for the first time, one of them was male, Richard Owers was 18. His fiance Cynthia Marlin was 18 also. They had been missing for quite some time since October 11th. Ballistic now tied the murders together and suddenly everyone realized there was a serial killer on the loose on Mount Tam. Police were told to avoid the area alone. Wait, what? Yeah, that's, I have a problem with that one. Wait. Police were told to Avoid No, sorry people. There we go. But also, also I assume police also, you know what?


I just wanna say this. Police are people, but there's All these hiking cops that are like that. Gotta go up there man. No, please. I have to warn you. But also like two, they just found two, two people who were killed together. Yeah. Yeah. And then another girl, it was with two other forever friends. So not even alone. Don Go. No, but his system is not gonna help you. Also, he Has a gun. Yeah. Like who, if it's like a knife, one of you can get like skedaddle, but like if there's a gun, you're both fucked. Yeah. Yeah. So the press named him the trailside killer Police. Local police reached out to the FBI for help.


Okay. The FBI came up with a profile and said he was shy, reclusive, and probably had a speech impediment. Mm. What? And was unsure of himself in social situations. He had no victim type. It was about opportunity. He was like a spider waiting for a fly to come to his web. He was white, intelligent, blue collar. And had been in prison, he would've also had a, oh boy, that's a, that's a word that corrected itself on this thing. I, it would've, would've had two or three boyhood indicators of starting a fire bedwetting and animal cruelty. Yes. So he had two of the three. Oh Yeah. The profile Profiler. Profiler concluded he had a speech impediment because of the locations of the attacks.


Quote. He has some kind of defect that really bothers him. How does, I don't, how do they know? They're so good? Because they're so good. When I read, I was just like, how do you do that? That's what they just know. They were Like sitting at a table across from him and they were like, tell us what, tell us about yourself. Yeah. That's what they do. They, they just interview all the criminals that come through on that. Like high level, crazy amazing, crazy. There's like a whole department at the FBI that's just all about it. And it's fucking 'cause He's killing in the woods. Like, well the guy's, the guy's got a lisp. Yes. Like what? Isn't that awesome? Amazing. Isn't that amazing? Amazing. And then, and amazing. The FBI guy did this in the local cop event. Like he's a parter. He likes going out on boats. Like it was totally not even remotely close.


He's My brother-in-law, I'm positive. Wears a backwards hat. Listen To lot of Sammy Hagar. He's got a truck, boat. Truck On March 29th, 1981. Ellen Marie Hansen and Steven Hurtle students at uc Davis were hiking in Santa Cruz now, this is about 80 miles south of Mount Tam. Carpenter walked up to them and threatened them with a gun, demanding Ellen let him rape her. She was not down with the plan. Steve begged it to be let go. And then Carpenter shot Ellen pointblank twice in the head. Steve ran away and he was shot in the neck, but he did not die.


Whoa. Oh. Steve gave police a great description of carpenter, unlike the fucking woman in the woods who was like, he looks like a hawk. Oh no. She had seen someone be stabbed 12 times. Yeah. Slow. Fuck it up. And she squint, but, And then you can't get anybody's facial features correct. And she Was in a tree the whole fucking Mess. Oh, did I not mention she had grown into the tree? Oh Yeah. She was part of the tree. Oh, She was some kind of an orc thing. Some. Was she from Middle Earth? She was an ant. Oh is it? Ant I got deep into it.


Others came forward and said they had seen carpenter in the area and fleeing in a foreign car. Someone said the foreign car was a fiat. Just hilarious. 'cause it was a very popular Marin. Do you remember that? Yeah. Fiats. Yeah. Yeah. A composite was placed in newspapers and run on TVs. Right. So now they have this drawing out there. It's running everywhere. A woman then called police and said she had met that man on a cruise to Japan 26 years earlier. What? And that was the woman in the forest. You doubted her that she came back hard. Sorry, she's back. She's making right. Yep. On her wrong.


And she said that the man had been bothering her and her daughter with inappropriate behavior. And he had a stutter and he was a ship's purser. Fuck. And it was my dad. That's why I love, So Andy used to be a fireman. What? Mr. Care. And she had his signature in a book, which she still had. Why did that Happen? How Used To, I don't know. To, they used to love to get serial killer signatures before they really kicked it off this thing in the sixties. Can, This is the point when you're writing a script and you go, let's just hustle along. Yeah.


What about a lady on a Chinese cruise that met the guy 26 years? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's, You can go on cruise anymore. No, no, no, no. Just have him do it. Okay. But there were a lot of men named David Carpenter in Northern California. So Carpenter then grew a beard on May 2nd. Heather, Roxanne Scaggs told her boyfriend, she's 20. What's going on over there? Oh, I thought you guys were up to something. No, I'm hanging Out man. I saw it in the corner of my eye. I don't know. You were looking at each other and, okay. Yeah, we're we're going to jump on your back, but not right now. We're planning it for later. Don't worry about it. I'm gonna move my chair.


So Heather, Roxanne Skaggs 20 tells her boyfriend, she's going to see David Carpenter to buy used car. She was a student at a place where carpenter taught people how to use computer typesetting machines. What the fuck kind of crazy time is this? Before leaving, she gave her boyfriend the number and that address of David Carpenter. And when she expected to return, who the fuck does that? Unless they're creeped out by the guy, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean you're never like, here's all the information of this person going to meet. She did not return. Oh honey. The boyfriend went and confronted Carpenter, which is fucking ballsy beyond words. Totally like good for him. Did you kill my girlfriend?


Carpenter said she had never come. And then the boyfriend called police carpenter's name raised a flag as did Heather being Lord. And Carpenter looked exactly like the composite drawing. Police then contact his parole officer who immediately realized carpenter fit into everything police were saying. But Just then when they called on the phone and not at any point earlier, Oh my God, you talking about Murdery David? Wait a second. Oh, he kept inviting me. Fuck that guy. Creeps me out. Shoot. You know what, I should have thought of this before. I'm sorry I stopped watching the news 'cause it depresses me. But now I realize I didn't wanna take it in all the, you Know, he came in Wednesday covered in blood and I was like, this seems Hmm.


But then I had my book club and I don't know, it all just kind of slipped my mind. Yeah. I don't care about anything anymore. So, so unfortunately this is where it's fucked up. Unfortunately. This where is fucked up. I mean, I mean this is where government records, you're like really guys? So unfortunately Carpenter had not shown up in the records of released inmates when they initially looked due to a technicality. Ah, he had been released by California prisons to serve a federal sentence. So he was technically in federal custody. So they didn't count him as a release prisoner. So they could have, with the records, found him.


'cause that first woman he killed, he left his prison issued glasses and they could have tracked him down right there. This is just like a threes company. I saw once just this, this insane misunderstanding except for Oh, you ropers. So the multi agency task force started following him. Then one day they saw him carrying a bag and they approached him and they told him he was under arrest. And at first he was confused. And then he said, please don't hurt me Dick. I bet they punched him right in the face.


Oh gosh. Yeah. The pieces quickly fell into place. There were, there was tons of evidence everyone saw, who saw him was brought into identify him. Steven Hurtle, who had been shot in the neck, IDed him out of a lineup. Six outta seven witnesses did the same. Carpenter was formerly charged in the murder and attempted murder in Santa Cruz at his arraignment. He stuttered so badly. He had a difficult time answering the judge's questions, which was simply to agree that his name was as stated. Heather SCOs Batty was, body was found a couple of weeks later. His total number of murder victims was nine. He was tried in San Diego because of, you could not do it in Marin. He was convicted and sentenced to die in the gas chamber.


And he was, he's still on death row in San Quentin. He's Alive. Alive, Still alive. And he's our next Everyone, get out here. Get out here. You Fucking scam You son. What is your problem? Fuck. So that, that's fucked up man. That was between that one and the, I mean I'm sure you guys had the Richard Ramirez. Were you here then? Sure, sure, sure. That was fucking terrifying. No, I'm a baby. That one I've never heard that one before. That was amazing. Well, no one knows about that one. Yeah, I've never heard of it. Do you wanna hear something really weird? I, when when the hillside stranglers were, you know Yeah.


Out in la I was like, how the fuck can they call the we on our trailside time? Like I literally had a moment of you can't do that. Yeah. Our thing You can steal our man property. It's your property. But yeah, that, that was like, like so for like a year and a half, we didn't go near the place that we all hung out on. That's crazy. Because we were terrified of being murdered. You Drank a lot less beer that summer. Is it a summer? I don't know. Well, I mean a year and a half. A year and a half is a What? Just say it's a long summer. That's bananas. I've never heard of that before. Okay. We're back dealing with a true crime in a, in a live show format.


In a live and inappropriate format. Right. Here we are. Yeah. So that's Dave's story. Do we have any case updates for this one? Oh we do. So a minor update. David Carpenter is 94 years old and remains on death row in San Quentin State Prison. Isn't that? But now he's one of the oldest inmates there. I So crazy. I mean, yeah. The fact that you can last that long in prison. 'cause I do think people talk about how prison kind of just ages you quickly. Of course. For obvious reasons. I mean, is he thriving in there? That would be terrifying. You know, it's just so Wild. Just the whole, yeah. And, and this man like terrorized the entire, all of northern California for a long time.


So it's, he truly was a zodiac type for Yeah. For everybody. And like listening to that story and like he got away with so much for so long. Yes. And how frustrating And like all those stories from the seventies and eighties always are where it's like, you know, they got outta prison in nine months. They didn't serve their full sentence. They got out, they got away with it. It just, ugh. And also his, his whole kind of plan where he is up in this place, you know? Yeah. Like especially like I always just imagine Mount Tam, but that idea that it's just like you are basically, it's 19, say 77 and you're just kind of out in the wilderness that all these people enjoy and go to every single day.


Like it's a real thing up there and you are just hiding out, waiting to be a monster. Totally. That like, yeah. It's just, it's worst case scenario And the serial killer kind of story world. He's horrifying. Yeah. Alright, now let's get into your story. This one is a classic. Em, it's epic. This is Karen story. It's the Wineville Chicken Coop Murders.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma. Are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of Tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out its Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Oh, Check engine light on. Take the guesswork out of your check engine light with O'Reilly Vera Scan. It's free and provides a report with solutions based on over 650 million vehicle scans verified by a SE certified Master technicians. And if you need help, we can recommend a shop for you. Ask for O'Reilly Vera scan today. Oh, auto parts


Blessing. Blessing. Oh, French dressing. Exactly. Oh, that's Good. I'm AJ Jacobs. And my current obsession is puzzles. And that has given birth to my podcast. The Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily Puzzler nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to The Puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Guests. Well, I chose to, I wanted to do someone, I wanna do some really local, and so I googled Beverly Center Serial Killer as it's as a, that was my dream. Oh my God. I decided to shoot for the Stars. That's what I wanted. You can't, it's Just a guy stock in the Armani store. Yes. He's just pulling a piano wire around guys that come out of the Armani store. Too much cologne.


There isn't one. There isn't one. I'm sorry, I just thought maybe if there was like, it was an old location of something from old Los Angeles, whatever. So, but then I remembered one that's semi-local and really awesome. Are the Wineville Chicken Coop Murders? Do you guys know those? It's what Clin Eastwood movie The Changeling was based on. If you don't know if you saw that or not, let me reenact Angelina Jolie's star turn as playing. Christine Collins's in the Changeling. My son. No, She, that was It. She did that. Oh, that's all right. That's alright.


Don't clap. It was too, it was much too loud. But that's exactly how she did it in the movie 50 times. Yeah. Clin would was like that. Great lift. Can We get the, my son for you again? Can we hear that four more times? She was, she's, she was in that movie. I remember watching him and going, she's Distractingly beautiful. Where you're like, why would she be, You're like, nothing bad ever happened. No, nothing bad ever happens to this person. She's woman in a castle. The, The woman who was the mother wasn't that hot. Like it wasn't like in life a hot mom. Yeah. There's like, She was not a hot mom. No. And that's, that's all you wanted. She's, that's fine. That's when you, when you hear the, You didn't say it like it was Funny, but when you hear this story at the, at the fair enough, at the end of the story you'll think, oh, I wish the mom had been hotter.


But go ahead. After you hear about this horrible child murder and death, you're gonna be like, is the mom an eight or above? Yeah. Because if this, if we're in a butter face situation, you know what I mean? Turn this bug outta 'em. I just Shame the shit outta her. The only way we could have symphony for her is if she was Angelina Jolie. Ha. That I just, There is a book by a man named Anthony Flacco called The Road Out of Hell, Sanford Clark. And the true story of the wine bill Chicken Murders. It's got very good reviews on Amazon. I don't have time to read it, but if you want to, you, you're looking for facts. Feel like, I feel like murders are chickens. Yeah.


Chickens are murdered every day in this country. No, no, no, no. This isn't my vegan podcast festival. This is, just to give you a sense, this was such a horrible crime and such a stain on the community that Winesville permanently changed its name. It's now called Mi. Oh shit. That's how huge this was and bad. It was. It was, it was 1926. Changed All the signs and everything. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. The two signs, they, They use the same litters. They just kind of rearranged them into Mar what can we, What can we turn this into?


Can We have a, we need a town with a bunch of bells. Maybe we can flip the wy upside down A mirror. Wait, No. Is it? Yep. Yep. It's just upside down wine bell. I can see it right here. This is great. Alright. Gordon Northcutt was 17 years old when he moved to Los Angeles from Canada and with his parents. And when he was 19, he asked his dad to buy him a chicken ranch in Warrenville as you Do when you're 19. Yeah. Because you're like, how do I, how am I punk rock chicken?


That's how I'm gonna do it. I'll feed 'em and water 'em, take care of the land. So two years later, he went back up to Canada and convinced his sister, who still lived there to let him take her son, his 13-year-old nephew, Sanford Clark, back down to California to help him work on the chicken ranch and raise the chickens. What? Hi. Yeah. Like, Hey, I need some labor. What's your kid doing? Yes. Okay. It was the twenties. And so it was kind of common for young boys to have jobs and work and help the family out. Yeah. In any other situation, when your uncle isn't a fucking creep ass murderer, it would be like, good for the kid. Right. But like, but there every once in a, but there's That.


Everyone's In the blue. Yeah. It's always that one time Motherfucker. As I wrote here, the problem was Gordon North Coat was the bad kind of uncle. Oh No. Oh, get used to it. This is fucking dark as shit. That was an uncle joke. Brace yourself as a teen in Canada, he was accused of molesting a very young boy, but his mother claimed that he was innocent and would never be able to do anything like that. So the police did not charge him. Oh My God. What? Mommy was like, Nope. I mean, which, you know, I used to be very bitter that my mother didn't participate in my life enough. Like she didn't come to my plays and stuff and she was never at like a softball game.


And then I read this story of Gordon and his mother and I'm like, I think it's for the best. Yeah. The rest of the family knew that he was volatile and he wants to even beat up his own father. Jesus. And for that he got a chicken Ranch. You know what, I get that. That's something I get. That's okay. I mean, no, I, I know His father actually ended up spending the back half of his life in an insane asylum. So the family had a lot of mental, mental illness and a lot of criminals. He had two, Gordon had two uncles that were also in San Quentin. So not the greatest group from Canada. Usually you people are so lovely and polite with your delicious chocolate.


But this guy was a fucking lunatic. Alright. So he brought Sanford back down to work on the chicken ranch and immediately began abusing and raping him. They would also, together, he would make Sanford Drive into Los Angeles with him. And so then they would drive around neighborhoods and he would ask boys if they needed extra money, if they wanted to take a job, if they needed extra money. And the boys would get in the car because Sanford, the young boy was already in the car. No, no, no, no. Yeah. This was back, this was before Stranger danger wasn't even on anyone's mind. They were like, yay, strangers back then.


Go meet yourself a stranger. Young America was the posters on every bus stop. Alright. So he did that so much that he realized he would go into either Riverside County or LA and pick up boys, molest them, attack them, and then bring them back to their neighborhood. Whoa. And He And just drop them off catch And release, right? Yes. So, but he, I mean, but he slowly started re Yeah. I mean, but he slowly started to realize that that was incredibly dangerous. And that's when, which is how it always goes with serial killers. Always. Yeah. That's when it escalated. They Get rid of the evidence, which is The Yeah. Don't leave a fucking witness.


Yeah, yeah, Sure. So he also did a thing where he put a help, wanted out in the paper asking young boy, young boys to come and work on his chicken ranch. And no one was like, that's a fucking issue. Yeah. Everyone's like, no, I think young boys love chickens. I think it would be, it's probably best. Hey dad, there's a man with a bunch of chickens. Can I go? Go On, son. You be, Yeah. I wrote here like a, a sort of murder. Postmates. That's awful boo boo Karen. Well, it's just, it's just Craigslist. Karen's turning on the audience.


Tell this edit. Oh, that's how I feel my most comfortable. So he did this for two years. Jesus and boys were disappearing without a trace. Jesus. So do We know how many boys? Well, yes, eventually, but they don't know like the exact number because he was so fucking crazy that when he finally went to court, he kept admitting to all the murders then saying he didn't do it. Then saying he did four, then saying he did 50. And the problem was, he was so incredibly thorough. He, what he did was he would kill, kill them, take their bodies out to the desert and burn them, and then take the bones from whatever, wherever he burned them, and then dispose of them on the ranch.


So they had to, when the cops were finally raided the ranch and were looking, they were just fine. They were having to piece together tiny shards of bone from all different people. It was, this thing is a fucking crazy nightmare's. Tons of buttons out in the lobby if you need any. Yeah, I was, I was gonna say I was about to release some balloons. I'm not gonna do that now. So they found a decapitated, teenage teenager's body in a burlap sack fuck. On the side of the road in La Puente. Why did He leave there? Why did he leave a decapitated pu They think that happened because he like found him, attacked him, killed him in all one spot, and then decapitated him thinking if they don't have the head, they won't ever find out who it's Oh Yeah, okay.


Yeah. Interesting. Escalating. It's lazy though, considering how thorough he is. Yeah. Escalating like, well, this was his first one. Oh. So you know, okay. He's just getting warmed up. Okay. So don't you worry. So then in March, that's when he, Walter Collins was going to the movies. His mom had given him some money. She went to work, he was walking down to the movies and he pulled his old, do you wanna do you need chickens? Extra money thing like chickens. Yeah. Chickens get in the car. And he did. So he disappeared like without a trace. And 'cause his mom was coming back from work like really soon. She was, it wasn't like some long thing that he was by himself. And that story, his di disappearance and the manhunt that happened after that was just blew up.


It was huge. And it was a nationwide story. Then in May two brothers, Louis and Nelson Winslow, age 10 and 12 disappeared on their walk home from their model yacht club meeting in Pomona. I mean, it was a great meeting. Yeah. The different yachts that were discussed. When you think of yacht yacht clubs, you think Pomona man, you know, for sure You do. Yeah, For sure. Be rich the elite. So, Walter Col, the Walter Collins story is the one that gets focused on in the change link. And it is the most fascinating because these things that happen in it are so fucking crazy. Aside from the kidnapping and, and murder itself.


So basically the LAPD at this same time was under investigation for mass corruption. So they were already had really bad press. They were, you know, they were really doing badly. And then Walter Collins disappearance, it was five months and they still hadn't found him or any trace. They had no clues whatsoever. So this is when they were, they were the, the mayor and the police chief were selling. You could buy to become a cop. And, and once you were a cop, then you could buy your way up. So there were no like, actual guys who were doing law enforcement. You just paid and then you become a detective. Yeah. Now They pay you $30,000 a year and everyone's happy.


What just happened? I'm Sorry, go ahead and take Hi. Go on. But yeah, there were literally, well Actually, you know what's funny is that's how my, my mother's great-grandfather. I don't know how many far away that is for me. But that's how he got into the Oakland Yeah. Police department. Oh Yeah. He's a super crooked cop. I come from a long line of crooked cops. Well, yeah. They were just, they were already doing bad soap. But this is, now this is an example of the LAPD. Like they already, you know, they've had a hard time with it. They've done, they've done, they've mishandled many, many things, as we all know. This one is unbelievable.


So after five months, they don't have a body, they don't have clues, they have nothing. So they get a phone call that they have found a boy in DeKalb, Illinois who is claiming to be Walter Collins. Okay. We're in. So they're like, this is amazing. So they're, they may do phone calls and they, so the police department orchestrates this huge press conference at the train station when he's gonna show up and it's gonna be like, and the, the happy reunion. And the cops are the ones that did it. So when the boy walks off, everyone's seen the movie. Or if you have the boy walks off the train and Christine Collins is standing there and she's like, that's not my son.


'cause it wasn't her son, but he was In Illinois. So the cop says, don't you to take him home and try him out for a couple weeks. Oh. She's like, What does that even mean? Yeah. It's so crazy. It's, what it's basically saying is politics is more important than anything. Move out of the picture frame child. Maybe Women Are so crazy. I know that. They're like, but they, but they must have been like, look, I know he's not your boy. We, we need this one. Yay. We need, we need to win. What's the diff man? Just take one, please. This One's great. The early weekly's here. We're gonna get our picture in every paper. Meanwhile, where did that boy come from? Like, it's all Fucked up.


I tell you. Well, here we go. So of course, three weeks later when she's living in a house with a boy who's pretending to be her son, which, can you imagine how creepy that is? He's, he's pretending and he won't drop it. And she's sitting in the other room like, okay, so Like She goes back. Future killer. Yeah. In the house also, He's up to no good. So she goes back to Captain JJ Jones, who was the man in charge at the time. Jj. Yeah. And she has Walter's dental records. She has signed affidavits from witnesses who have met the son and say, this is not Walter Collins. She's about big stack of evidence.


It's not him. And so the police chief did what any good civil servant would do in a situation like that. He threw her in a mental institution. Well, She was cuckoo, I mean, For justice. So Finally they get it out. The, and this, the only reason that any of this got brought to light is 'cause she, when Walter first went missing, there was this, he, it's a priest, or he was like a pastor, and I'm not gonna be able to say his name because it's crazy. It looks like someone had a stroke as they were typing on Murderpedia. It's like, that's not Polish. And it's not check like set.


There's a lot of V's. And E's and Z's. So I was like, I'm not even gonna cut and paste that. Good for you. That's how much I can't handle that name. I, I support that. But he basically was the one that got it on all the radio shows and stuff. Like on, he made it 'cause he had a, every Sunday he had a radio show. And So he talked about finding Walter Collins all the time. So then when she was put into the mental institution, he was like advocating for her and trying to get her out. So eventually they get out of the boy that he had run away from home. 'cause he had a really mean stepmother. And he had been on the road for like three weeks by himself. A 9-year-old old kid. And he was somewhere there was like, basically he was in a restaurant in, in DeKalb and like an old hobo that was in the restaurant with him was like, you look like that boy that's missing in California.


And then the little boy hears California and goes, I'm gonna go to Cal. I'm gonna say I'm him and go to California and meet Tom Mix my favorite cowboy Sure. From the movies. And So he tells the guy, I am Walter Collins. And So he calls the cops and they, Christine paid for his train ticket kid is to come out. This kid is Smarter than all of us. Yes, for sure. Well, the kid got what he wanted. Everyone else is fucked, right? Yeah. Yes, that's true. Did he, did he meet while did he meet the cowboy? He got to be in four Tom Mix films after. Oh no, Karen, we believed you. They really did believe me.


I believed you. You did. Karen's always Lying as she says. Now I, now I wanna lie more. It's fucking thing. All right. So anyway, simultaneously, Sanford Clark's sister Jesse had been getting letters from him, but not that often. He told her he would write her all the time, but he wasn't writing her all the time. And the things that he was writing in the, in the letters did not sound like him at all. It was like very vague information. He wouldn't say like, if he was okay, it was so she was getting worried up in Canada. So she decided I'm gonna go down and pay them a visit.


And when she shows up, she's like, this is bad news. Something is terribly wrong because it Smelled like dead boy everywhere. Yeah. There was kind of How matching, how fucked up the place must have been if he's scattering boy bones. I Mean, well, no, it's, it's, yeah, it's gonna be like a Texas chainsaw massacre esque situation. Inside, inside the house. She was horrified by their, their house living conditions and by the fact that clearly this, at this time, probably 14-year-old boy was like, made to work like hard labor every day and looked terrible, like was shaken and whatever. So she, one night when the bad uncle was asleep, she gets him to tell her what's going on.


And this story that he tells her is so horrifying. She cannot believe it, but they realize they can't do anything while she's still there because he'll probably just kill both of them. So she acted like nothing happened. She didn't know anything. Then she went back to Canada and they went to the what? They went to the American consulate did, Did she take the boy with her? No. No. Well, they run, this was, this was the two of their, their, it was Jesse and Sanford's plan that they couldn't act like no, anything happened because he would kill them. Run. But Why, but why I can't justify her choices. Okay. Karen, I wish I could. I believe in them, Karen, God dammit.


Tell us. I know. So why I, yeah, I wish I could. So, so they contact the American consulate. The American consulate calls the LAPD, something else comes up about immigration. So they end up sending two immigration officers perfect. Out to the ranch. Great. And as they're heading out, it's a big long driveway to get to the house. So San so Gordon sees the cars coming and tells Sanford, stall them, I'm running for the tree line, and if you don't stall them, I'll shoot you from the tree line. And then he takes off running and he ends up getting, escaping, meeting up with his mother and escaping to Canada.


Then the cops get Sanford and they're holding him and he starts telling them everything. And he, I mean, the stories are horrifying. It's little boys held in chicken coops, him making Sanford either kill the little boys with him, holy fuck. Or do it himself so that he would also be complicit and not tell. So basically he had this little boy convinced that if he said anything, he was the one that was gonna go to jail. It, it is, it's super crazy. So, fuck, we have an audience. This is so fucked up. I just realized That Well, this, this is, I mean, what are we gonna do?


This is what we do. No, I know. This is, they know they're just making noises Sometimes. Sometimes they laugh at home and sometimes they just groan and sometimes, and they fall on the floor. Fuck you guys. We just have to deal with all of it. So When the police raided the farm, they found axes covered in blood and farm equipment that was coated in blood and human hair. Oh. There were bone fragments in several shallow graves around the ranch. And almost all of them were linked to male children. It was later proven that the un identified Mexican boy whose head had been chopped off, was one of North CO's first victims. And police later identified him as Alvin Gothe.


Sanford testified that Gordon made him burn the head and crush the skull and scatter the bones inside the house. They found a book that was believed to belong to the Winslow Brothers and several letters the boys tried to write to their parents, which is a horrifying idea that he's keeping them long enough that he's going in and going like, you can write a letter to your parents if you wanna fuck. While nothing of Walter Collins was discovered, Sanford Clark remained adamant that he had been, one of the boys kept hostage on the farm. And according to the, oh, sorry. The police could only only had enough evidence to prove three murders, which were the Winslow Brothers. Oh my God. And Alvin Gothe. But they believe, at one point, Gordon admitted to 20, they believed that there could be many, many more, because he basically, well, How long did this go on For?


Two years. I mean, there's tons more. Yeah. And they just can't, it's they're, they're scattered. It's like, they basically built it for two hide bodies. This ranch. It's crazy. So I know, right? So his mother Sarah was convicted of killing Walter Collins. So it turns out when they go up to extradite him from Canada, he's caught with his mother. And the mother says, I killed Walter Collins and I killed a bunch of them. It's a great mom. No. And Yes, it turns out that it's A mom that cares about her kid. It's a mom who is willing to participate. Right. She We're saying the same thing, right?


She, Yes, I think so. She, This is why I can't be a mom. I'd be like, take this fucking psycho. You know what you do your murdering out in the chicken coop. I don't wanna be a part of this. No, I'll not take the blame. No. She, she was one of the ones who said, who encouraged him to kill his victims? She was there from the beginning. No, this is what, according to Sanford, she was in, she was in from the beginning and was participating the whole time when they were in on trial, she came out and said that she, and she and Gordon were lovers. She said that, she said that Gordon was the incestuous son of her husband and her daughter.


Oh. And I mean, it was the, the, apparently the trial was in total insanity and total chaos. And every day there were like different horrifying headlines. And she ended up, she was sentenced to life imprisonment, but she was paroled after 12 years. Let's get her back into that. What? Yeah. Yeah. Fucking this, This, it, what I thought was proper at the time. That was a joke where I'm the judge now. I, I feel like my, my story was like an explosion of glitter compared to yours. Yeah, That's right. Hi. During his trial, Gordon demanded to represent himself. So his two lawyers quit, and then he cross examined himself.


Oh My God. He says He's insane. It probably like grilling himself. Why didn't you kill the boys? I didn't kill the boys. Like He was found guilty. And he was hanged at San Quentin in Feb, February of 1929. No, they got that done fast hang. Yeah. Yeah. They were like, Goodbye. And as we've all seen, but Walter Collin's mother did go to San Quentin on the day he was being hanged to beg him to please tell her if he killed her son or not. And he fucked with her until they put the bag on his head and walked him up the stairs. So she believed for the rest of her life, there was a possibility that her son was alive.


How poor baby went. I decided to end on the downest note. Possibly He went out strong, right? Yep. Strong. A little. Got a little bit of credit. Yeah. He, he, he went out. He, he's like, you know what, I'm gonna stay true to myself. I'm a fucking total asshole. Yeah. I'm, I'm taking it all the way to the chair. Kanye over here. What's yours, Georgia. Okay. That was great. It's great. The right word. Okay, we are back in. Oh, what a fucking, what a, like it sounds like a Stephen King book.


You know, it's Every parent's nightmare. It is the wildest like, no, no, we're not gonna look into this. We're going to put a woman into a mental Yeah. Institution instead of just trying to help her in any way. You insisting that that is not your son and other people agreeing with you. Well, too bad you're wrong. And then they put her in the fucking mental institution. What the fuck? So crazy. So there's no updates for this story. It's, it's been over for a long time. Although I do definitely recommend watching the Changeling because that movie, even though I was, you know, making a lot of jokes about Angelina Jolie's performance, you know, in certain parts, it really kind of like the idea that you could watch and as a true crime like listener kind of follow that thing of like, oh, these are children getting picked off the street.


Yeah. The, the timing of it, the everything about it Yeah. Is so scary. Scary. The corruption of the LAPD, everything going on. It's Like almost like they're working in tandem, but they're not Yeah. They're just like the perfect thing for a serial killer to be working in that environment. So it's like, Oh Yeah, I can just drive out Yeah. To my unincorporated city where my farm is and put yet one more boy into a barn where totally these children are waiting. I mean, that's just like the scariest thing. Yeah. While you're watching the change link, keep an eye out for a cameo by comedian Ricky Lindholm as well. Oh, What's she in? She's in the, she's a nurse in the mental institution. Oh my God. I just remember that. Oh my God.


I know. Wow. I know. Alright, Well now we're going on to story number three for this episode. Story number Three. Horrible story number three. We didn't yet know the pattern of tell a good, like a somewhat uplifting story at the end for everyone. Yes. We didn't, we and we won't have that for many hundreds of episodes. So, well, especially for live. Yes. This being the kickoff of our live journey, where first of all, like, and first and foremost, it's like, it was like, yeah, we have to Now go do live shows, which I of course was at least used to in terms of like what that might feel like, what we might have to be doing. But like, we can all podcast, but like, when you invite 300 people to watch you, it changes the chemistry of any conversation, obviously.


Then we invite a guest. Yes. Like there couldn't be more variables coming at us that night. It was wild. I am glad though that this was our first live show instead of like the Chicago 2000 seat theater. Yeah. Like standing ovation thing. Because like for me, who's like, I'm not a standup comedian, I'm not used to performing in front of, you know, a fucking conference room full of people like having you and Dave there. Like, I could count on you guys, I could let you guys take over and I could rely on you guys. And it was, the crowd was kind of smallish. So it was like friends. Yes. And it felt, it felt a lot less, like there was a lot less pressure. Yes, For Sure.


So I'm really, I'm glad that this was my first live show with Me too. And I think it's like, I think it was the perfect one because ultimately we don't, we're not standups, we are there to do a live podcast. Yeah. So we're supposed to, like, our conversation is the most important thing. Our combined, what we do together is what people want to see. Not like individual people doing a little show. It's like, it's, it's like how we engage. I also think Dave Anthony was the perfect guest because he I do too. He's gets all of that. He also knows me really well. Exactly. And he kind of is just like, here's how are we gonna support any, he's been doing podcasts so long, he's just there.


Like, how are we gonna make this a good podcast Ultimately? And he knows. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I do remember talking with Vince on the way over and just being like, I'm going to let these two professional comedians like, do their thing. I'm not gonna, like, I hate it when you, I'm not gonna try to get in there with them and, you know, have the, the last word and get in there. I'm like, I'm gonna rely on them and I'm gonna be myself. I'm Not And you did, did great. I mean, Allison, thank you. When Allison and I were just kind of going over this, she's like, Georgia was so funny. And like you would have never known that it was her first, like, or both of you're first anything. And I was just like, yeah, because I think that's the thing is that like, I think you are a natural, I think I've always told you that. Thank you. Where it's like all of these you have, you have amazing, and I'm sorry to say trauma instincts where you're like, what do, how do I need to adapt?


How do I need to change? I can do this. And you're hyper so good hyper vigil. Yes. Thank you. Yeah. So, so essentially you're just like, how do I hang and how do I, and you know how to be funny, especially conversationally funny you so like, you didn't have anything to worry about, but it Thank you. It was a great relief to be like, oh, this is something of course I absolutely wanna do. But yeah, for some people c is pure torture. Totally. Totally. Yeah. I'm, I miss it. Well, we still have another 45 hours, 45 hours of this episode to go. So, So, so now it's time for Georgia's story about Mark Aaron Rust.


All right. I'm go, I'm going fucking, I'm going back to Australia. Okay. Oh, because, Because you did research there about the last one. And by the way, that one was fucking awesome. Just throwing that out there. Thank you. Yeah, Australia, you got some fucked up shit going on over there, man. So Mark Aaron, rust fucking murderer. He was born. I mean, You're not gonna believe this. Joanie's into it. Alright. Don't creep up on that story. Oh, do you? You know, the theme of this podcast is no fucking, So he was born in 1965.


He is a self-described loner. He was 13 when he started following girls, while fascinating about having sex with them. And he started exposing himself to women as a teen. And he really liked the reaction of the women that he would expose. Like, it's so creepy. Like he would masturbate in front of them and be, and like love that they were shocked and horrified. Yeah. That's the yeah, that's the whole thing. And it's Power. That's fucked up, man. Yeah. Yeah. All right. He's described it as obese, disheveled odor, man, who expressed, Come on his Limited vocabulary in a, in a mo in a monotone. He was like a creepy, creepy greet. Was this written by a high school cheerleader?


No, she was mean Georgia. Hard Stark. So He was charged seven times with indecency offenses, but was only fined never convicted. What, what year is this? Well, he was, he was born in 65, so probably like mid to late seventies, early eighties. I mean, everything was cool in the seventies. I get it. Yeah. They Just were like, go ahead. Yeah. So he was creepy. He was weird. He got, he got, he married twice because They always do, They always fuck do How I don they must be great at small talk. You know what I mean? But he's like, he's, that's The thing I can't do. He's Like a smelly, he's like, you go bowling lady.


I mean, that's love. It works. It's about pheromones. Okay. So after his, after his f his second marriage ended, his, his wife at the time's daughter, his stepdaughter claimed he had sexually assaulted her. He was never charged, but had to attend sessions with sex offenders treatment program. But he left halfway through the first session because he thought the program was stupid. Yeah. But that's probably, I mean, let's not judge it until we know.


Yeah, Yeah. We, until we take the program. Right. So he was working as a taxi driver in, so this is April, 1999. And so Maya, Jack, she's 30 and she's walking in the neighborhood where he's driving a taxi. Don't look at my notes. It's too late. I've read them all upside down. Pretty good. She's A fucking sweet angel. She's born in Croatia in 69, and she grew up in 1990. She fled the country for, due to the Civil war with Serbia. So she's like getting a better start in Australia. She's a sales assistant in a clothing store, and she's in this neighborhood for some fucking reason. It's an upper class neighborhood.


He, He Sees her, I like the details, And he says to her, he says, wanna lift in an Australian accent, like a A, I won't even don't do it. LL do it. I can't do that. Come on, do it. I wanna lift, mate. No, there, it's, it's not, there We go. That was Peaky Blinders. And she says, she know she's, she's a fucking, she's saying sexy soon. She's like, fuck yourself. And he says, how about a root, which I guess an Australian means like, Oh, root means fuck. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. And she says no and keeps walking. He drives after her and parks in a spot she had to walk by. He exposes herself to him and wanting to see her horrified face.


And this fucking amazing person scoffed at him. No, not, not what guy the did that turn out bad? Not what he wants to have happen? No. Oh, she was fine. No, he does, He snaps, grabs her, pulls her to, into this like bushy area and tries to rape her. And it escalated to murder when he chokes her to death. Then he covers her body. She's like in the bushes. He covers her, but he wanted her to be found in a creepy, fucked up way. And it's like abandoned building. So he calls from a payphone nearby to the, to nine one one in this 0, 0, 0, thank you.


And says, he says, Hey, I was just walking by and there's a body, I see a body. And there two of these oppor, two of these things happened, and the cops didn't find her body. And so finally he fucking, five days later, he fucking, after him calling multiple times, Oh my God. He, he puts a note like under a cop's windshield that says like, hi, there's a, He says, there's a dead Girl's body in the, he's like, like puts an arrow basically pouring rado. He literally, he, the last phone call, he is like, do I have to draw you a map?


And he's like, I'm drawing a map. Yes. I've now engraved an invitation for you to come and see the body. That's so Sad. Yes. And then they finally find, they find her, but they realize that the like calls and the fucking note has to do, like, clearly it's not normal. They Just hear from across the street. Finally. Yeah. So the, the, the release to the public, nobody fucking identifies the, the note or the, the voice. The calls her bo it's six days later, the body's found. So he's in jail in late 9, 9, 9 for trespassing released on parole in 2001. 10 days later after that, he grabs a woman and rapes her and sexually assaults her.


And then, but she got out. So she got away from him. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, so Magee, Suzu Suzuki, she's a, an 18-year-old, smart, wonderful Japanese exchange student attending college in Adelaide in 2001. She's gonna be a counselor for internet. Like she's a good fucking person, you know. And on August 3rd she leaves class and she's waiting at a bus stop and rust fucking spots her. And he grabs her, tries to rape her, and he couldn't get an erection, which, you know, pisses people like this off. Right. God pisses me. And I feel like that's across the board.


Yeah. Tell, tell us, tell us everything. So he tries to strangle her, but he can't. And So he, he bashed her head with a fucking rock. Mm. Oh, I know Baby angel. And then he wraps her body and sheets. And So he puts her in a rubbish bin in a trash bin for everyone here nearby. And she's reported missing. Her parents were like so sweet fly from Japan to look for her. Her purse is found like shortly after, but her body's not fine. And her like poor boyfriend is like suspected of the whole thing and is like freaking out. They search for her. And at that point, on August 16th, he cuts the power to an office building and he goes in, there's one female alone in the office building.


Holy Fuck. Oh my God. I know. But he went full fucking Halloween. Yeah. Don't, don't work late is the fucking secret. Oh, wow. This, I don't like this at all. No, she's not dead though. Okay. Okay. Okay. She is, it, it's his last victim. She's raped. He, he, he like, he like fucking overcame her and at one point he hands her the knife that he has to hold while he like does his unbuttoned stuff because He was getting, he was, he was like, can you hold this while I took off my yes shirt? Yes. But she was like, okay, but The only reason she's alive is 'cause she was like, she went along with it. She didn't look at his face. She didn't stab him with it.


No. Okay. I know it's bananas. It of like, do you, do you like fight for your life and do anything you can or do you like go along with it? Well, she made The right choice, But, but knows what that would've been. It's so fucking insane to me. I I can't, so he didn't harm. You can harm her. You can. He and I do. And I have insomnia. So, so this is how he gets caught is Like, so, So he, so that crime happens and then he leaves her and just leaves, goes, Doesn't Kill Her. Doesn't kill her. She is alive. And then on the news that they're like, they keep playing his recording of his voice over and over again and showing the note to like, to, to see the handwriting.


His rusks brother fucking hears it and sees it From the handwriting. Yeah. From the, he hears, he hears the voice. The voice. And he's like, I listened to it like 10 times. I went in the other room and played it so I could like it. Like, he just was like freaking out about it. That's rusty mate. That's what he said. Rusty. Rusty. Yeah. But he was like, but he knew his brother had like maybe molested his Stepdaughter, but also like, I have a cousin. Yeah. Uhoh. And if I heard this story, I'd be like, yeah. Like, like there are, there are people in your family who were like, okay, I'm, I got my eye on you. Yeah. But The secret, the secret is it's never who you think it is. Right. Which makes me suspect everyone who I don't think it is.


But this guy's that he like that, that that guy who talks in the monotone voice and that weirdness, like, I literally have a cousin like this, and I'm like, okay, okay, murderer. Yeah. You're, I wouldn't be surprised if they were like 40 bodies. I'd be like, oh, come on. And His brother is like, interviewed in one of these like, ID shows and he is like a normal sweet dude. And he is like, I, I was outta town for a long time and then I came back and the news was playing this shit. And I was like, oh fuck. Like he knows it's his brother. And then he sees the writing sample. He, he like goes to the police and brings like a letter that his brother had written him and they like match it up. But this is only for the murder, the first murder, but Fucking good for him. 'cause most, you know what?


No, but most people in a family would be like, it's not him. And convince the himself it's not him. Yeah. Yeah. Would You turn your bro? Like, do you, would you turn your family member in if you thought it was them? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Fuck yeah. Yeah, yeah. A fucking murderer. Yeah. I don't You Would, Yes, I would. I would Like Laura. Like Laura, I'll take this question. Yes, I absolutely would. All Right. Well, because here's the thing, when you, it's like what you're saying, you, we, I think everybody at least knows a person or has a relative or whatever where you're just like, I, it is just like there's something going on. So it's not like you'd be, you know, calling in all the time or whatever.


Right. But if there was something where it's like undeniable evidence A and undeniable evidence B and terrible result, you have to get those people Yeah. Off the street. And even if you, you do it and you turn them in and it's not them and it's fine. It's like at least you tried something. Yeah. I mean Christmas is weird, but other that it's so hard. There's a lot to talk about. You know? I got you a really big gift. Freedom Exoneration. All right. So he goes to, they, they figure out it's him. They fucking arrest him. And while he's in prison, he confesses to a cellmate about Magee's murder because he can't fucking, he needs to tell someone about it.


Also, he had her the, this is the second woman. 'cause he's convicted on the first woman because of her, of the calls. The second woman, they didn't even know it was, it was connected. And they, and he has her CD player in his cell. Oh Yeah. In his cell. What cell? But no hold, I mean, I'm gonna an what, what I supposedly they let CD players into fucking prisoner cells. Well, But now, now I'm like, it's a good idea. 'cause he brought, he brought her her possessions into his cell. And That's what, and her parents were like, here's the receipt with the fucking number on it.


Oh my God. And they were able to match it up. Yeah. Yeah. That's some good, somebody did some good work there. Seriously? Yeah. So what, So he had put her in a rubbish bin and then they tracked the rubbish bin down. They figured out when that bin had gone to the, the dump, they, the cops fucking went through like bail by bail till they found the, the, like the area where she had been in the dump. So let's see, 11 days after they started searching after 10,000 tons. But it's T-O-N-N-E-S. So I don't know if this is the same thing as tons. How many, how many is that? It's, it's, I mean if, if I, I, I was just gonna Australia, but if I know correctly, that's about eight teaspoons After all of that, under, under all that rubbish, they fucking find her that This pretty baby.


That's pretty fucking amazing. That's, I feel's amazing Not to disparage American cops, but I also think there's a, there's a financial aspect where they just go, alright, so that Yeah. Lost cause Go ahead. Not look in the garbage Lost Cause Yeah. Dump. Yeah, totally. They, they find her all of this stuff and he get, when they asked her why he killed her, he says, because I did piece of shit clearly. Yeah. He sentenced to two concurrent life sentences without parole. He pled guilty to the murders of both the women, Maya, Jack and Magee Suzuki. He filed an application seeking the imposition of a non-pro period for killing them.


But everyone's like, everyone in Australia is like, fuck you. That's never gonna happen. Yeah. So he's in prison forever. Fuck him. Fuck him. Did when you, when you a golf clap. When you did your last Australia story, did someone go, you gotta know about this Australian guy? No, they Didn't. No. I just, I have insomnia and I search murders constantly. Maybe that's why you have insomnia. Oh, I'm sure it's not. Wait, what? I never thought about that. No. Have you seen all the datelines? All of 'em.


Are you in love with Keith Morrison? Oh my God. Keith leans on things. Did you Know this? He really loves to lean. There's An Instagram of ke called Keith Leans on things. And it's just Keith Morris leaning on things That's so badass. Like screen grabs a and then he came to the, he came to the woman's house who made that Instagram and they lean on each other. She's my hero. That's pretty great. I don't know how we're doing on, I we over, I think we're getting the, I think light means Stop. Oh, that light means Get I, I feel super dirty. I know, I know, I know. You're Apologize again to all Of us. And my last, my in the last dollop we put up there were approximately a million penguins turned in oil.


What's this? Yeah, it's a story I did. Oh, okay. And I took me two days to get over that. It might have longer to get over this. Oh Yeah. We exonerate you. So you feel good right now. Like you're doing good. You know what's funny is years ago I was talking to Karen about comedy. That's me. And she was like, she was like just, he just did a joke about child murder and I just don't think it's funny and I don't think people should talk about it. No, not our Karen. Like people change obviously This One, this is a lie. There's no way I said that ever.


Yeah. Who was it? Ray James. Yeah. I was not mad about the child murder. This is not the Karen. I know. I was the, I was using that topic as an excuse to hate a person. It's what we do. It's what we do. I don't do it anymore. Can I say thank you for coming to the podcast festival and Supporting And supporting this podcast. Thank you. 'cause we, we book these guys really early on when they started they started popping up and I was like, I feel like something's happening here. And sure enough, a lot of people are fucking crazy. And now we wanna, We want lot of money. Not like Murder.


My wife, my wife is a total murderer. I know we've talked about it. Yeah. She's all about the murder. So Yeah. Love it. Yeah. It makes me so happy. I know. Thank you guys. You have a type so much for fucking right. Oh you guys are, thank you so much. This is our first live show. This is so fucking exciting. It was really awesome having Us of many, of many. I hope so. Yes. So great. Thank you Dave Anthony, thank having great first guest. The perfect first guest. Yeah. And I guess now we tell you to stay sexy And don't get murdered. But I have Elvis on the, wait, hold on. Here we go. Here we go Here. Wait.


Do it again. Stay Sexy And don't get murdered. Elvis. This is what she tried. She tried to play it for Gareth Backstage it. Okay, we're back. Any case updates on the third story of the live of the first live show If you're still awake and with us. Thank you. There's no updates on the case. Mark Aaron Rust remains incarcerated in Australia serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole for the murders of Maya, Jackie and Magee Suzuki.


Well, so that's just, he's still alive too. Yeah. That's so weird. And also this, because our naming structure that we just named the live shows live from wherever to take a little work off our plate. Yeah. There's really no need to rename this. It, it's like if we renamed it anything, it'd be like our first live podcast. Look at us. Go. Do you remember though, and this is how well I remember it, we went to Norms after on Los Senega. Did we really? Do you remember We all went to Norms? You, me and Vince and probably Steven went to Norms After. Nice. Love that. And did you get a, a steak for 6 99? Probably with an onion ring on it. Yeah, It was. I love it. Nice. That's definitely a place to visit if you, if you come to la go to Norms.


I love That. Alright, Well thanks you guys for listening for three hours to that episode. Yeah. And stay sexy And don't get murdered. Good. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah,


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast outlive back by Toyota's legendary reputation. For a liability, get a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


What you're hearing is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardee's siding withstands severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength so you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best. Protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy


Rodriguez, Host of the new podcast Do Amigos. In this series, we candidly reflect on our careers, life, art, and everything in between. And each episode emanate from our very own speakeasy and it features us talking about pivotal moments, hilarious anecdotes and invaluable collaborations that helped us become who we are today. Listen to those Amigos Thursdays on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.