
This is exactly right.


Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A B, C Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our best, our dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's in vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey, Thursday's nine, eight Central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. So much of your personal info is out of your control. Like your insurance provider that has your social security number and your favorite retailer that has your payment details. If they get breached, your information, your identity is vulnerable. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Hello, And Welcome, To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. This is the series where we re-listened to our favorite moments from our oldest episodes, exposing our flaws and reflecting on how we got here. That's right. And we're also sharing important case updates and giving you a little bit more context as to where we were, who we were, what was happening in our lives and your lives. The mindset. Yeah. The cats that were in the apartment, there was a lot of 'em. Yeah. Eight, nine. So today we're going back to episode six, which was released on Tuesday, February 23rd, 2016.


So get your pen pal and the milk delivery person and your local barista, because now we can all be day one listeners together. So the equity in calling it a milk delivery person, right? Yeah. Very See that's, that's 2024. Yeah. 2016 would've been milk man. You know, it would've been milk man. And no, you cannot become a milk man little girl, right? Yeah. Yeah. There's no, there's no milkman Barbie. So like, how do I know if I can become a milk delivery person when I grow up? The funniest thing is I don't think milkman exists anymore. I don't think so either. I bet. I've been in some small ass town. Yeah. Maybe a town with a dairy.


My house is so old that it has a little milk door, milk delivery door on it. Oh. And you open it and you, there's like a little like, what's it called? Dial. There's like a dial and you can move the dial to like how much milk you need. It's like one gallon, two gallons ring. And then it's like also eggs, like dozen eggs. Doesn't it? It like, it says it On the cream heavy cream. Yeah. It, you can point to all of them. So when the milk delivery person gets there, they, they don't, they just open the door. See what you wanna put your order in your little milk delivery door. That's incredible. I know. Our next door neighbors growing up used to get their milk delivered. Yeah. On the farm. And they had, yeah, I think they just wanted the freshest milk possible. And they had like a, they just had a little metal kind of camp on their porch.


So it went through at least until the eighties. Yeah. But now it's just the milk van is a door dasher. That's right. Right. Yeah. Because deep down, everybody wants a a milk delivery person. That's right. And all this and more. I bet we talk shit like this in 2016. Oh my God. Let's all go all the way back to February 23rd, 2016. Wow. So, hi. Hi Karen. It's time once again. It's to talk about murder. Murder. Murder. Welcome. To. My favorite murder.


Hi. Welcome. That was Georgia. That's Karen and We Are here to talk to you about the thing that you wanna talk about the most. 'cause we do too. Murder that your friends don't wanna talk about. You know what, some people are fear-based and that's fine. Sure. That's the way they live. They wanna, they wanna put their hands over their eyes and pretend like it's reality isn't happening. Yeah. But not us friends. No. Some of us wanna just like jump into the pool of terror. Yeah. So there's an old saying, you have to go into the mouth of the ghost. Ooh. That's what we do here. We. Are. The ghost mouths weird adventures into ghost mouths. So suck it.


Hey, did you see that? The house from the first season of American Horror Story. The haunted house. You can now Airbnb, that house. Can we record an episode from there? Like almost. Oh my God. That'd be amazing. Didn't that the brick thing that has Like The turrets and stuff. It's like a, it's like a gothic. Yeah. Yeah. Like arts and crafts Gothic where, where the guy from the law show lived and like they had the maid and stuff. Yes, yes, yes. Okay. That I liked that first season a lot. I did choose spending the night there. Middle of the night lights off. Quiet. We'll do some ghosts hunting.


Ghost stuff. Ghosty stuff. What, was there a, a murder taking place in there at all? No. Aside from the TV show. I know. No, just, but it is a creepy old house. Yeah. I'm into that. I mean, maybe the murder hasn't been found yet. We'll dig up the yard. Maybe it'll happen that night somewhere nearby, like in the house. Dig up the yard. Yeah. Just start digging for bones. We're looking for bones. We haven't talked about my new favorite show. The OJ Simpson. Ugh, show. Love it. Is that what it's called? The People versus OJ Simpson. Thank you. You're welcome. It is also one of my favorite shows. Oh, David Schwimmer.


Oh, Schwam. Stop it. You're breaking my heart. Stop it. What about when they were in Chin Chin? The, the Kardashian family went to Chichen. That is so La If. you don't live here. Chichen Chichen is a terrible Chinese chain or delicious, depending on who you are. I haven't heard of it since the nineties. It is so nineties. Yeah. Like it's where we used to go when I moved here in 1994. Really? All the time. Oh my God. That was Like The place everyone wanted to go. It was Like, The Ivy. Yeah. That is. But like, but cheap and in the valleys. Yeah. And the idea that they were like, we cut the line in Chin Yeah. Is, oh my God. Like, this is where we wanna go. 'cause this is where like, I went to bat mitzvahs of these kind of girls where it's like, well, we go to Chin. Like I went to camp, I went to camp with the Fonza daughter. Oh. And so they probably went to Chin Chin lot.


I bet. Because they ate that Chinese chicken salad. Back then everybody thought it was diet. Right. That's how the nineties were. It's good. That show is great. It's, I love that it's going off the premise that he totally did it well. Yeah, because he did, I know. Is the thing he abso fucking literally did. He really, really did. Because that's the thing is as we discuss and find in all of these stories that we tell in cases that we talk about, things happen for a, for a reason, and B, the people that do them have histories of doing things. Oh yeah. And it's never, it's so strange that still the legal system treats these things like it's out of the blue. Or it's like, yes. If m Alman consistently beats the shit outta his wife, that will escalate.


Yep. That things escalate. Yep. Well, you know what I think is really interesting is that instead of looking into the history and why, and what happened exactly, and what's the most obvious answer? The the answer is then to give them a defense attorney to argue a fucking fantasy or like a fucking daydream that they somehow didn't do it. And here is why maybe it didn't happen, you know, or this way or that it's like, or just those huge distractions of like, basically they were putting the L lap PD on trial. Right. Which they deserved. Sure. Because the Rodney King rights had just, you know, the Rodney King beating had just happened. But that's like, so not even close to the same thing, you know?


But, but, but the argument of a black man can't get a fair trial or like, you know, that the system is against black people and black men specifically was so true and had never been Oh my God. Really broached before And I. Remember white people being like, that's crazy. Yeah. That's such a bunch of crap. And it's like, how would you know, dude? Okay. Rodney King's trial took place in Simi Valley with zero black people On the jury. Yeah. It, I think it was even all men. Or maybe it was one woman. Ridiculous. No, it's bad. Simi Valley, which is Like The whitest fucking place in Los Angeles. Yeah. With zero black people.


On the jury. Yeah. Anyways. No, yeah. Not a jury of his peers. No, I mean, like, just, just crooked and bad. All, all around. So there is a kind of like, it was a get back in a way. Yeah, it absolutely was. But it's funny to watch it. Like I That's right. When I moved here, all that stuff happened. And you, like, were living through it. I remember being in, I think it was Golden Apple Comics, and they were like, yes. ojs running the Bronco was On the highway and running up to our friend Laura's house and everybody just gathering there and watching, watching it on tv. well, I was just, remember when the, I remember the, when the verdict was about to be read, it was like, okay, everyone knows he's guilty. He should be, he should be convicted.


Nobody wants another riot. And that's, we, it was so traumatizing the first riot. Yeah. That it was like, it, it wasn't worth it to see him be convicted because that was fucking scary and no one wanted to go through that again. Right. So it was almost, and it definitely would've happened. Yeah. And it was almost a relief when he, when it was not guilty because it was like, okay, you know what? Black people deserve this after what we've fucking put them through here in Los Angeles. Yeah. Well, it's, it, you know, it's just weird though, because when you watch it, it's such a fascinating thing. Like watching them, Marsha Clark and her whole team acting like it's a slam dunk case. Oh yeah. When you know what's really gonna happen.


Total Marsha Clark, her, what's her character from American Horror Story? She's incredible. Oh, Sarah Paulson. Yeah. That, but her hair is so distracting. I just, all I can do is think about how long it took to curl every piece of that hair. Oh, that had to be a perm. Was that a perm or was she like, you absolutely can't perm me. Or is it it must have been a wig. No one, no one lets anybody perm their hair anymore. Yeah. Do they? No. I don't know. The sad thing of course is the murder victims that just didn't get any recognition. No, but no, it was not, it was not about them at all. No. I just can never forget that. I never forgot the quote that like, Nicole was almost decapitated. That's how deep it wasn't. He slit her throat.


She was almost decapitated. He was like going berserk. Yeah. He cut into, oh God. It's crazy. It's so crazy. And like that idea of how they started the whole thing with the dog with bloody feet. Totally. Walking up, barking, Like, The guy, finding a dog. It's a good show. It's very good. And then also insanely cheesy. Yeah. It's so enjoyable. Like John Travolta, God bless him. Oh, he is killing it. He's my f Do you think he was really like that Robert Shapiro? Yeah. Probably he, but he didn't have blue eyes. Yeah. You know that, right? It's really corny. There's so many corny things. Every single, every single line that Marsha Clark says is like, cut to commercial.


Like she can't say a line without it cutting to commercial. But the best was at the end of the last episode. The spoiler, when she sees, she just goes, motherfucker. Yeah. I think that's the first motherfucker on tv, right? I think so. Oh, because it's fx, right? Yeah. So they're like, they're a little edgy when she says motherfucker motherfucker, when she says that about Johnny Cochrane. Yeah. Does he joined the team and he's, his story's great too. Oh, it's, and everyone is Yeah. G killed. But I really just wanna hug David Schwimmer. Yeah. Because he's such a, he's who knew that, was it Robert Kardashian? Yeah. Who knew? He was such a great guy who knew he was a great guy that would spawn the literal devils Like, The downfall.


All those discussions where they're like, you can't, it's not about fame. Right. You have to have a good heart. well, I keep thinking about his, are his kids watching him being like, fuck my dad. I miss my dad. Probably What's sad? It is sad. He died like not too long after that. Which is so sad. Yeah, I'm sure. Can you imagine how stressful it would've been to be that guy in that situation? That guy knows his friend is guilty and has to defend him. He also had to use the phrase Uncle Juice a lot, which I think is, may have been the thing that killed him. That could have been a Yeah. Yeah. That would be hard. Uncle Juice. He's not that real uncle. Oh, Chris Jenner killing it. Oh, Selma, Blair. God. Selma. Selma. Blair. Do you think she was like, this is the end of my career?


Or was she stoked about it? Stoked. Okay. Yeah. Because you see all those other people on that cast. That's true. That's true. I love this. They're great. Yeah. All right. Oh, we also have to talk about the fact that we're both watching Autopsy, but should we save that for Yes. Okay. I, and that I actually, somebody recommend, I'm sorry, I don't have the name because someone mentioned it to us On, the Twitter page. Oh yeah. And it was m Alman and he said, oh, autopsy was amazing. I watched all of it. And I went autopsy. Huh. And then I looked it up. And I had never seen it. You had never heard of it or seen it? I think I may have heard of it, but I'd never seen it. I had always just figured it. And I. Think I had like watched maybe one the wrong episode where like he was literally just in an autopsy room cutting into someone and talking and discussing it.


Yeah. Which I thought the whole thing was like that. And no, it's like, it's like case stories from his, this crazy guy, like his crazy coroners passed and how he solved crimes based On, the autopsy. Yeah. It's fascinating. And Like The most. And also they, they kind of fold in. Like, I've watched a couple now the last time, the last one I was wa watching was number nine when I texted you. 'cause it's other pe they get other corners in there too. 'cause they're basically just getting all the craziest stories. Yeah. And I won't, I won't give that one away and just let people watch it. It's so good. I wanna know. It's what I texted you remember where they opened up a guy? Yes. And should I just say it? There was voodoo dolls inside, inside his body.


Oh, Karen, I read that as inside of his coffin. No, wait a minute. Are you kidding? Inside his body. Yes. There were no, that's why I was so upset. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go cry. I thought you meant like Yeah, they, they, I thought, because I read it as like next to his No, by sat And. I was like, oh, that's, is that, that's, that's fucked up. Okay. No. And it turned out the woman that ran the funeral home was practiced voodoo. You gotta see her too. You got, she is worth the entire episode. She's amazing. She looks totally normal. Right? She has the best hair I've ever seen. And she's a badass. And she's basically trying to get rid of all the other funeral homes, like all of her competitors and do better financially.


So she made voodoo dolls for all of them and then sew them them up inside this man's course. At what point in that whole operation are you like, I might be a little crazy. Yeah. This might not be a great idea. Yeah. This could come back. Yeah. What will this look like from the outside? Right. Just everyone. You can be as crazy as you want, but act normal. Yeah. Or just try to step out from one second. Right. And be like, if someone discovers this Totally. How crazy will I look? Totally. That's good advice. I think that is too. So everyone autopsy someone on Twitter suggested, or on our Facebook page, we have our a Facebook group. My favorite murder that you can join. Someone suggested that we just do a live epi or just do an episode where we just watch an episode of Autopsy and just talk about it.


Great. That's a great idea. They can watch along with us. A very good idea. I love it. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. You can go on. 'cause it's on HBO Go or HBO now or whatever. Right. Apparently there's a lot of episodes on YouTube as well. Oh good. Yeah. There's like, you can find 'em everywhere. Love it. You're doing it. We're gonna have all kinds of events. Yeah. It's also a little dated, which I fucking love when I'm watching True Crime Shit. Do you ever go back and watch forensic files? Oh yeah. Oh, it's like, it's like 2002, which doesn't seem that long ago. Please. It's so long ago. The blouses tell a different story. Oh, it's so good. It's so good. It's so good. We never went to Chin Chin. We never made that dream a reality.


Is it? There was it there? It stills there. Damn. Yeah. All right. 10 year anniversary. Yeah. We have two years to get ready. Yeah. We'll, we'll make friends with the Kardashians. That's step two of my Favorite murder is becoming friends. I mean, I feel like we were visionaries the shit we were talking about The Kardashians. Oh, in this episode? Yeah. Yeah. Maybe not. Yeah. Yeah. They're, they're not gonna be friends with us. That's fine. We're gonna go to Chin Chin without them. We don't have any of them. Can, we can order our own Chinese chicken salad. And this is the first time we decide to do a themed episode. Mm. So this theme is Children Who Kill. And that was, I think in the beginning, the themes were kind of made it a little easier to decide what stories to do.


Yeah. 'cause there were so many. Yeah. And we were, we were out of the realm of what's the one that struck you first? Yeah. And most or whatever. And then now we were just like, what would be good to tell? What would be, how do we do this? Yeah. Like, what do we wanna, what do we wanna tell? What, what seems important to us? So we dialed in, and this is an episode about children who kill their parents. Karen goes first and tells us the story of Alex and Derek King. Wow.


Running a retail store can feel like being trapped in a corn maze. Endless twists and turns, surprised at ends. And of course, lots of screaming. But with Shopify's point of sale system, you can turn that corn chaos into Shopify's point of sale system is a unified command center for your retail business. It seamlessly integrates in store and online operations, even across more than a thousand locations. Imagine being able to guarantee that shopping is always convenient. With features like endless aisle ship to customer, buy online and pick up in store. Shopify POS makes it simple for customers to shop how and where they want. Plus, your staff will have the tools they need to close the sale every time. And let's face it, acquiring new customers is expensive. With Shopify POS, you can keep existing shoppers coming back with consistent, tailored experiences and first party data that will give your marketing team a competitive edge. Want more? Check out shopify.com/murder, all lowercase, and learn how to create the best retail experiences without complexity. That's shopify.com/murder. Happy shopping. Goodbye. Goodbye.


This podcast is sponsored in part by MIDI Health. For many women, approaching menopause is a mystery and not a fun mystery like, Hey, who brought in donuts? Yeah. It's more like, what is my body doing and who can I talk to about it? And that's why Mid Health wants to help you demystify and navigate this time of your life. They're the only virtual care clinic for women navigating midlife hormonal transition. They support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, supplements, lifestyle coaching and preventative health guidance plus MIDI health services are covered by most major insurers. Menopause is an unavoidable fact of life, but navigating it doesn't have to be a mystery. For my favorite murder listeners, be one of the first 200 people to complete your first MIDI virtual visit, and you'll get a free prove 15 day hormone test kit so you can track your daily hormone levels and gain valuable insights about your hormonal health. Just tell them it was my favorite murder. Who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Okay. Do you, I feel like I always start with my Favorite murder. So you want me to go first? Sure. Do you wanna go first? I will. And this is under the guise we were talking about, right? Kids that kill, but I don't know if we still did that. I did. Oh, good. I did too. So I, we decided that we're now gonna have, every episode has a theme or like a, you know, a what's the a point, a subject? A point or, yeah, just, I mean, I guess theme is the right word. Theme or subject. Yeah. So we can kind of like matchy match. So this is kids. I, were we doing kids that killed their parents? That's what I did. Okay. Me too. Okay, good. Yay. We did it. So I did at Alex and Derek King, which I don't know about. So I'm excited to hear this.


Oh, okay. Because you sent me a photo. And I was like, I'm not looking this up. Just tell me about it. It, so, the first time I ever saw these kids On the news, Alex King, at the time, I think he was either 12 or 13, he looked like he was eight years old. He looked like a baby face baby. Holy shit. Very small boy. And his brother. It was like a year, maybe two years older than him. Derrick King was kind bigger, like looked like a teenager. Hold on, I'm gonna get cozy. Yeah. Lay, lay all the way down. I'm gonna tell you a story. Don't worry. So, And I remember seeing it where it was like, you know, kids who kill and whatever, and they'd killed their father. So the deal was house was on fire.


Firemen go to put the, the fire the house out. They, they put the fire out and go in. And then in the other part of the house that isn't burnt, they find a dead body. Oh. And they know that it's dead from, not from the fire, but they can see that it has head wounds. And so the next day, Alex and Derrick King turned themselves into the sheriff's. Wait, tell me their age again. 12 and 13. Holy shit. Yeah. Babies. And you gotta see the picture, the, the one mugshot of Alex King, he's just got zits all over his forehead. He just is like, it's a child, child. It's like sixth grade, seventh grade. Yeah. And so they turn themselves in and they say that they had run away from home because their dad was too strict to their dad's friend, Ricky Chavez's house.


And they stayed there for a week and they knew that they, he was gonna, they knew they were gonna get punished when they went back home. So they decided to kill him to avoid being punished because they're children. Because they're children. And also they ran away because their dad. So what had ha and it is a very sad story, of course, but it's Like, The mother and father have Alex and Derek, Alex, and then she has twins, and then she leaves all four boys, leaves the husband and just bails. I, I will never be able to wrap my head around moms who just later, I mean, dads too. But, you know, well, I and in this story particularly, there's a lot of things I wish I knew more about.


Yeah. And I. I read, I read every single article on Google when I put their names in. It just went down until I got to, there was an article, On the Nambla website, which is the National Association for Man Boy Love or whatever. That's a thing you can click on. You can click on it. I didn't realize until after I clicked and read this story. And at the end it was like a person that was trying to rationalize where I was like, oh my God, where have I gone? Because I just kept on reading stories. Holy shouldn't care. I've never come across that in all my weird, it was Like The 10th article, and you can click on it. Do you think that the government is tracking you now? A hundred percent. And they should be like, but it, but it was the, the only the defense I have is that it was just the next article down.


Like I wasn't checking Did it say anything different or anything inflammatory it? Well, so it, it, it told this part of the story. It it is inflammatory, but it's that, that creepy, creepy thing of, so they ran to Ricky Chavez's house and the reason they like to go there is 'cause he let them smoke pot and play video games. And per he was molesting Alex, and he had convinced Alex that they were in love. This guy was 39. 39, that they were in love and that Alex was gay and that, and so this herein starts the soap opera of this story because Jesus, I was not expecting that angle.


Yeah. It's, it's rough. So the Nambla article, of course, is like, people don't understand these relationships or whatever, where I was like, wait, what? Hold, hold on. Fuck. Yeah. It's creepy. But, so that guy drove them to the sheriff's department to turn themselves in, but then they got him and they were like, so what exactly are you doing here? And then it turns out, so he gets held for like aiding and abetting essentially. Okay. You know, like keeping them, but did he have anything to, okay, but he knew that they had killed his dad when they were staying there? Yes. Okay. So the two, those, the two young boys confess, and they have their confessions taped and they're very detailed about it. Did you watch them? Can you watch them? You can't probably, huh? No, it's tape recorder.


Okay. From, from what I understand. Okay. But then a little while later, they recant like a couple months later, And I think it's probably when they got lawyers and when the lawyers like, put everything out and were like, hold on a second. Yeah. You were, you rented the molesters house to hang out the day after you killed your father. What's really going on here? And then they came back and said that we were, we were trying to cover for Ricky. It turned out he killed our father. Oh shit. And this whole thing was, was his idea. Bullshit. And that is, that's where it all started. And I. Remember when I saw that news story? It was like he was bas they were basically presented as like these evil children.


Like you immediately believed that they, that you, it was such a bias. It was such a weird bias. They were like, he has, and this young one has a relationship with this guy as if that kid is somehow perpetuating the relationship. Yeah. Or it's his fault that Yes. Or he seducing the older man. Yeah. It because they're, they're basically trying to sell the story of like, these two devil children. Oh no. When really, as we all know, it's like this guy was in their life. So clearly Alex was being groomed for a long time and Yeah. You know, it's just the grossest thing. Yeah. So basically when the mom bailed the dad after a little while was like, I can't handle four boys by myself. So they all got put in, like, Alex went to a foster home.


The twins went somewhere else. Aw. And then the older boy went and lived with the principal of the local high school. Oh, that can't be chill. I don't think so. And then he stayed there until like two months before this murder. So, and Alex came back from the foster home. I can't get any information about what happened, but they said it didn't, like it didn't work out or something. Right. But we all know what foster homes Sure. Can, can be like, sure. So, but Alex was doing good at home with his dad. Then Derek showed up and then two months later, the dad's murder. Do we know, did the mom come back for the trial? Yeah. Oh. The mom not only came back for the trial when they, they basically were found guilty.


I think they were found guilty of second degree murder or something. The mom showed up. How did they they sta they hit him with something and then set his body on fire. Baseball bat son, the bitch Derek hit him with the baseball bat. They, Alex said it was his idea and then they lit the house on fire. 'cause they thought they were gonna get rid of all the evidence. If you're gonna kill someone and then light their body on fire. If they don't have charred lungs, it's clear that they didn't die in the fire. Everyone. Yeah. But you can't just burn somebody. No, it doesn't work that way. It doesn't work that way. And I mean. Yeah. I'm telling people how to get away with Yeah. Like almost kill them so that they inhale the smoke when they No. Okay. I mean, yeah, that's one way. But still, they might find stuff On the body. Oh, for sure.


You can't get away with killing someone anyways. It's very difficult to get away with killing some. So they also brought the guy up on charges. All, all kinds of charges. They had Like, The aiding abetting thing. And they had on kidnapping and of course like 10 counts of molestation. He had already, he was a convicted pedophile. Of course he was. How was he the family friend who like That's what, that's what I wanna know. This is why you don't make friends with people at all, ever. But, so, so anyway, they have two, like they have two trials. The the two boys are tried and then this guy is Ricky J Wanted has tried. We just start spreading this rumor. Yeah, that'd bad. That'd be bad.


But they, so they try the adult man first and then seal his the results. And so when the boys are tried, we don't know whether or not that jury found that guy guilty because it'll influence the jury of the case. Yeah. Because they basically were both Oh, because, sorry. So like three months after they made that confession. Yeah. Then they got the lawyer, they lawyered up. Right. They basically came back and said he did it. We were covering for him and this whole thing was his plan and we were in the trunk the whole time. And he did all of it. That was, and he was like, Nope. Yes. And so that guy's lawyer has to represent a child molester who is, is being accused of murder by children.


Like The whole thing is so crazy. This is what I'm saying about defense. Like defense attorneys should look, I wish the idea was for everyone together to look for the truth. Yes. Instead of making, defending some shit up. Yeah. Yeah. And being, or like, here's a technicality and this is why, you know, I can't imagine defense attorneys like themselves that much. No. Well it must be really hard. Sure. But then there are the, they're doing it for those people that are Like The few innocent. Right. But this guy was so not innocent. But the weird thing was they didn't convict him. On the 10 molestation charges. Wow. They didn't like, he, they basically brought more charges against him.


And then Like The thing he finally got convicted for was like, was like holding a minor against their will or something. And he got 35 years for it. Jesus. Jesus. Like. The maximum. Jesus. That's a lot. Yeah. Because the one thing they could make stick. Yeah. But because those boys had lied and done all that stuff, it made this guy look better than he should have looked. Totally. And there are a lot of people who still feel like no one ever heard what really actually happened because there's no way that that child molester was just an innocent bystander in that whole thing. Well, when you think about these kids who were 12 and 13, but looked really young, does that mean that who, how did they hit their dad over the head with a baseball bat and kill him?


That doesn't sound like something, a young looking 12 or 13. Like a slight, you know what I mean? Like that's a, well the older Derek is the one that did it. And he was a little taller and bigger, but the guy was sitting in a, in like a lazboy recliner. And so he may have been asleep. He may have just snuck up on him and he just, because they had run away. So they weren't in the house. Right. They weren't around. So they snuck into the house and and killed him. And what's the story with the dad? Was he like a dick too? Like was it, there's no proof. That's the other thing is that they, they couldn't prove anything. They couldn't prove the molestation. Everything was word was not word of mouth, but Yeah. Hearsay or whatever. Yeah. And the dad, they just said the dad was really strict.


Right. And sometimes he would stare at them and they didn't like it. So I think it was just like those kids just looked worse and worse and worse and worse every time they talked about anything. Yeah. So it's Like The dad was a, a dad trying his, trying to be, maybe he was a dick. Maybe he was a dick, but he was trying, you know, but who knows? Like, and also it was his friend. This totally the other, the child molester was his friend. That's the reason that guy was in their life. So who knows? Don't you, like, do you wonder about like, people we know that you're like, oh, like they're a child. Like what if they turn out to be a child molester? You would never know. No, you would never know. Secrets. Secret Secrets. And what? And now they're both out of jail.


Shut up. They, they eventually got convicted. The older one got eight years in jail and the little one got seven. Jesus. And now they're out. And one is like on drugs and violated his parole and had to go back. They, Alex, the younger one, because he got like into a car accident or something. It's all just really terrible and sad. Where are they living down the street from here? They, no, no. This all happened in Florida. Okay. But then they moved to somewhere in Texas. Okay. I think. Damn crazy. So crazy. And also as I was doing it, I was like, oh, I love this story. It's so disgusting and crazy.


But then there's no real answers. Which drives me nuts. Yeah. I wanna talk to the mom. Oh, she came in, not only did she come in at the 11th hour, but she, Rosie O'Donnell hired her two lawyers for the boys. Oh really? Yeah. Why? Because the, I think she was afraid they weren't getting like a fair Wow. A fair thing. Wow. So she, she put some lawyers, Florida lawyers on retainer for them. Damn. Rosie. Interesting. Yeah. This is another one of those murders where I think about it once a month, once every couple months. 'cause that scenario is just, it's just so nightmarish.


Yeah. Yeah. And those boys truly didn't have a chance. I mean if we're talking about, and we have talked a lot about the why. Yeah. Of serial killers or the why of of Spree or just of, you know, parentis side. Yeah. I dunno what it's called. And this one is just, I remember reading and reading and reading about it and just being like, this is awful. Well it's one of those stories that it's like On the surface, it looks like a one, an act that happened period. Yeah. That these kids, but when you start telling the story and looking into it and looking into the past and looking at circumstances, it just gets more and more convoluted but also makes more sense.


Yes. In a way globally. Yeah. You look at it, it's not random. Yeah. Two boys. Which was how the media would talk about it back then, where it's just like two boys killed their parents and they're bad and Yeah, exactly. When it's like that's situation was like, it actually makes perfect sense coming from that, how they got to where they ended up. Yeah. So I do have case updates on this. So Alex King actually died this year on April 23rd of a heart attack caused by a drug overdose. He was only 35 years old. He'd been living in Missoula, Montana. He struggled with drug addiction for a long time.


That's something his uncle told someone in the press. The other brother, Derrick King, is still alive 36 years old, lives in Florida, has a child, sounds like, sounds like it's, you know, tried to put his life back together. So Ricky Chavez, who as we heard was charged with kidnapping and 10 counts of molestation is now in his mid sixties. He is still serving his 30 year sentence at this century Correctional institution in his Gambia County, Florida. He's already served more than 20 years for his crimes. He appealed the verdict and the sentence, but they were upheld. He's scheduled to be released in November of 2031.


Okay. So now let's go from one that has these circumstances that when you hear them, it makes more sense as to what happened. My story that I tell is not that it is just, it is confounding and heartbreaking. Yeah. And you know of, of course it's hard to talk about children who murder because the instinct that we have is always to assume that some, there was an abuse going on that the parents were inflicting some kind of trauma. So there are also victims. And you know, it, it's just, you don't ever know these things then. And you want a reason. Right. So you want something logical that you can follow to say, I see this all adds up now.


Right. But sometimes there isn't. There isn't that. And it's so frustrating. And also back in 2016 we talked about the victim and perpetrator's looks and you know, their physical appearance. And we don't really do that anymore. So just a heads up on that. Okay. So Georgia goes second in this episode and hears her story. It's about Jasmine Richardson and the Richardson family murders. All right. You wanna hear my favorite murder? I really do for children who killed their parents. Yes. Mine is the Richardson family murder. Okay.


So in Medicine Hat Alberta, Canada. Canada. I love when Canadians get violent. You know, Canadians, I've been noticing from the Facebook group, there's a lot of fucked up murders in Canada. Yeah. There are ama Yeah. It's really interesting, I think. 'cause there's like so much it's wide open space. Totally. Yeah. And this is Canada's youngest, multiple murderer. Oof. She, her name is Jasmine Richardson. Is this the one that's 12? But looks like she's 25. Shut up. Yes. Sorry. Sorry. No, it's good. It's good. Yes, it totally is. So in April of 2006, Mark Richardson, who was 42, Deborah or Richardson, who was 48. And this is the fucking sad part.


I mean, it's all sad. But Jacob Richardson, who was eight years old, was found dead. And the daughter who was 12 years old was nowhere to be found. So this is the reason there's photos of her out there is because at first she was a missing person. So they splayed her pho her photo all over the news. And they're like, where's this chick? Turns out they find her, the next day she gets arrested. She is 12 years old. Hot like goth chick dating a 23-year-old dude named Jeremy Allen. Stein. S-T-E-I-N-K-E. Steinke. Steinke. That's the worst last name of all time. I know. Maybe he rebelled because he is like this gross.


He's Like The dude that we probably dated in high school. Yeah. He's like a gross goth dude who looks like probably wears eyeliner. He, he said he was a 300 year old werewolf that liked the Taste of Blood. He's like that guy. Oh, like gross. I dated when I was like 14 and on drugs, I dated older dudes. And I thought it was the coolest. Like, this is what the story interested me too. 'cause it was like, oh yeah, I could've, that could've been me. Yeah. I mean, I would never have killed my family, but, but who knows? If, you get like pulled in by some weirdo. Yeah. And he kind of, it seems like, I mean it definitely seems like he's the one who egged the whole thing on because he said he watched like hours before the murder watched natural born killers.


Yeah. And was like, me and my girlfriend are this, these people we're gonna kill your family. So they went in there. The dad, this is so graphic. The dad was stabbed so many times. He didn't have blood in him anymore. Oh my God. When they found him. And then, this is the saddest part, don't listen If, you don't want to hear about children getting murdered because I, I don't even wanna, this this poor 8-year-old kid, she sat up there, his big sister sat up there with him. She says she covered his ears while this pa his parents got killed in the basement. And then, 'cause she didn't want him to hear it, so it's like, well then she also didn't want him to get murdered. But the, the guy came up there, the boyfriend and was like, kill him.


So together they kind of killed him. Ugh. Just like disgusting and awful and like insane. Insane. And it makes me not, I, she's 12 years old, but it makes me have no sympathy for her anymore. No. You know. No. If she could do that, sit with her brother and cover his ears or whatever, there's some modicum of control that she had or she could have totally taken him out the window. Totally. Or something. Something except, and now man, she's gonna to community fucking college and has a job and lives on her own. Oh. Because in you can't be tried and as an adult when you're under 14 in Canada for murder.


So the or and the longest you can get is 10 years. So she was 12 at the time, got 10 years, got out early. She's now under the care of a psychiatrist. She expresses genuine remorse. Quote, genuine. I mean, I was a little shit when I was young, but I would, but I knew you don't kill your family. well I don't think it's, I don't think it's a fair comparison. You probably, but being a little shit and a murderer is not the same thing. Well, yeah. I mean that's true. And, I, And, I. Wonder what drugs they were doing. Were they on drugs together? It just, it didn't talk about drugs. But they had to be on something.


Yeah. Oy yoy. I know, I know. So he got three life sentences. Yeah. So she essentially didn't, like she only got punished for a little while. Punished for a little while. She's going to school. I was reading a Reddit thing that's like, someone was like, yeah, we, I go to this school and none of us know who she is, even though there's photos of her and she looks so much older. Look up Jasmine Richardson. She's like a pretty gothy girl who looks 18 at the least. At the least. But you'd think that you could recognize her. But everyone's like, we, no one can tell who she is. Well, you know, And I bet she grew those eyebrows in Sure. She got probably got a nice stencil.


An eyebrow stencil. Let's say hair is bleached blonde now. Maybe bleach blonde would be smart. No. Or maybe she's Like The most square looking person in the world now she goes Full J crew. Full J crew. Yeah. That's a good way to hide. We were talking about that perm. Marsha Clark perm bugged out Marsha Clark eyes. Yeah, totally spray tan because you're not goth anymore. And, I say or or she could be doing mousy brown hair that almost isn't a color. And like John Lennon glasses and just being like sexless plain. Yeah. Like The the person. I always think about that of like, if I ever wanted to be a spy Yeah.


I know exactly what I would wear. And like do we Don't look like spies You And I. No. Yeah. You'd have to I look like an old goth lady who stopped trying three years ago. So don. We would have to go real norm. Real normal. Yes. Not norm mean. Yeah. We would have to do, it would have to be light honey, brown box dyed hair and also like, like cardigan sets. Yeah. Right. Ugh. And like, and like, or maybe just like, just have a shopping day at Marshall's where it just like we, we would have to look like I looked or like one would look when you have an office job you hate and don't wanna spend any money On the clothes.


Yeah. So it's those like button down blouses that like are rushed at the waist. Yes. And then a pencil skirt. Totally. You can, it's easy to hide in plain sight, cheap, shitty boots, shitty boots, black tights. And then your purse is from, clearly from Payless. Like your purse is from Payless. Sure. And then you've just got a scrunchie. You've got all the hair, the permed hair up in a scrunchie. All of it's up in a scrunch. No mix. Shaved eyebrows and then their pencil back in. Ooh, that's a bit, that almost might seem glamorous though. That is And that's I think you grow the eyebrows in. Yeah, for sure. That'd be hard for me though. Okay. Blip liner only in no lipstick. Yes.


Or just no lipstick, right? No, just no lips. Oh my God. What if, what about those people that wear all foundation? Oh, and that's it. Oh yeah. So just foundation. You have like an all beige face. It's like no contouring whatsoever. No contouring, no lipstick. No eye makeup. Oh, you just got the basics covered. Yeah. The baby, my cat is stoked on this. Look for me. He was like, you'll just never leave the house anymore. Wow. I'm fascinated. I am too. I do remember seeing that picture. And when I read that she was 12, I was like, yeah, that's insane. Yeah. I don't know how, I was like, that must be an older photo of her. Nope. That's what she looked like. And I think she supposedly lied.


They maybe met in a chat, in a chat room and supposedly she might have been lying about her age saying she was 15. So he's still a 23-year-old. Fucking a 15-year-old. Yes. But also if he's 300, he would should have been able to pick up on that lie. Yeah. If he's been around that much, you'd think he would know. And they killed their parents supposedly because they disapproved of the relationship. Which is like, that's what bothered me so much about the whole thing is like, these parents get killed for parenting. Yeah. That bothers me so much. Like these parents get killed for something that later in your life you're like, they were right. Yeah. I look back at my mom and how mad I was at her and embarrassed I was at certain moments like, and I'm like, oh no, no, no.


You were being an asshole. She was parenting. Yes. Okay, so here are some case updates. About three months after this episode was recorded in early May, 2016, Jasmine completed her 10 year sentence, which included four years in a psychiatric institution and then four and a half years under conditional supervision. And when I mentioned in the episode that she was in community college, this was during her time under community supervision. She's now 30 years old and living under a new identity. But Jeremy Steinke is still in prison. He's still serving his life sentence. He'll be eligible for parole in 2031 after serving 25 years of his sentence.


And you know, hopefully that will be denied that parole. Yeah. On the plus side. You can hear Elvis a lot meowing. Oh god. During that episode. I mean that actually is kind of sweet that you could go back and kind of Oh yeah, listen to him anytime you wanted to I know. And the fact that he, we still have him meowing there's at every episode. Yeah. All these years later, he's still being asked if he wants to clicky. And having a meow at the end of every episode makes me like wanna cry. Yeah. And got to, yeah, he, he helped us get to where We Are today, I can't overstate how how much his companionship and loyalty helped with my mental health. I mean, I would not be where I am today if I had not adopted that cat.


Yeah. He was just such a loyal angel. He a good boy. He would Very good boy. He was a boy. Very good boy. But how funny that today I have a dog named Cookie named after my sweet boy. Right. Prayers up. Prayers up. That's right. It's a every day full circle. Yeah. Very sweet. Alish brought me a cookie at the very end of it. Aw. All right. So we don't start doing mini episodes until March 30th, 2016. So in these early days we do hometowns at the end of every episode. That's how we started blending it together. So here is a early days a listener from New Zealand wrote in.


I mean, who knew? That's huge. And so cool. And when we went down there, of course Legendary Tour in Australia and New Zealand. I'll never forget it. One of the best trips I've ever been on. Like so amazing. Yeah. The people were so great. It was so cool. It's incredible. So here's the hometown. Should we do a Yeah. Emails. Yeah. We have some good, your hometown murders. You guys are really fucking killing it. You're killing it. And so much so I don't know If you guys saw, but we got a really nice review On, the AV club that specifically mentioned how good the hometown murder stories are.


Totally. And how scary they are. Gonna rip up your notes right now. That's okay. Okay. Yeah. You guys are part of this podcast and we appreciate it. Yeah. So you can, you can email them to us at My favorite murder at Gmail. You can join the Facebook group. It's a private group so people won't see that you're an insane person that lives murders, but you have to ask to join it. Is that right? Yeah. You just need to be approved and you're being approved by me. And. I so far have not not approved anyone. So it's not scary. And then we also have a Twitter account. My fave murder. FAV. So If, you need to go there. You, well you should follow us there. Yeah, too. Okay. You wanna start? Sure.


Let's see. This is the one, one I marked. I just, I like to lay in bed and read these. I know I didn't say the best. And then flag ones that are like, you know, clear, concise, easy. So let's see. This is one that I flagged. Ooh, this is creepy. So, hi ladies. This is from Mait, M-A-I-T-E. Mait. Elta. Elta Clavell. And I. Think she, she's originally from Chile, so that's why she has such a fascinating name. Mait. All right. So she's says, hi ladies. Really cool to have found your podcast. I'm originally from Chile, but I've lived in New Zealand nz Yeah, sure.


For over 10 years now. nz my husband, And I are really fascinated by cold cases and always talk about it. There's so many here in NZ that are very interesting and worth mentioning. Like The, Bain Murders, or the Mark Lundy's case, naming them here. So you can have a chance to research a little. But I, but the one I wanna tell you about happened in the town I grew up in and the victim was a student from my school. So that's one personal connection. On the case. Carla Oza was a 15-year-old talented student and athlete who was found dead at a sports training park in Orno, Chile. She had been raped, beaten, and strangled with her own running tights. On. the evening of December 17th, 2008, Carla and her sister went for the usual training session at the city outdoor sports facility.


They would usually go to training with their dad, but that day their mom was sick. So the dad stayed home looking after her, and the girls trained together for a while, then separated. Carla stayed behind doing extra labs and her sister went home in parentheses, terrible move. After a few hours and with no signs of Carla, the family members and friends went to look for her. And among these friends was fellow athlete and former coach of Carla Christian Roel, R-O-J-E-L 35. He knew the area very well. So he led the search that night and also helped, helped the police search The following morning he even talked to the media saying that he had seen her training and have told her that she shouldn't be on her own. That it was late, all red flags.


It was dangerous. Yep. She wrote, I mean, hello. You're just implicating your, you're you're telling everyone that you were there. Yeah. You're so interested. Yep. So Carlos's body was discovered the following morning at a remote part of the training field, an area that was covered in really high wheatgrass, a wheat like grass. So as you might've guessed, he raped and killed her. And do you know how he got caught? His wife saw him coming home that night and jumping in the shower with his clothes on as if he was trying to wash them. She found that odd. And when she heard Carla about Carla being dead, she checked her husband's wet clothing and it was covered in dry grass. Like, The, wheatgrass son of a bitch. And then she saw something that looked, looked like blood. So she called the police and the blood was matched to Carla's DNA.


He raped her with a condom so he wouldn't get caught. Ugh. He was found guilty of rape in first degree murder is currently serving a life sentence in a local prison. He's never confessed to killing her. He first said that they were lovers and the sex was consensual. Later, later admitted to have raped her, but insisted he left her alive. Yeah, right. Just tell, just confess at this point. Yeah. Good for his fucking wife, man. Like I know, you know, that's the kind of person that people need to be, is like, imagine that moment where you look down and you see all the, oh my God, I would wanna throw up, I would run outta the house. That's Like The moment in, in Sounds of the Lands.


Or she's like, may use your phone please. Right. Where you try to act calm, but there's no way to be calm. Right. Oh, such a good, that's, oh, you know, I read an article recently that was just an interview from the two of the, the Mr, I don't wanna hurt your dog and puts the lotion on. I read an art, an article that was just interviewing the two of them and what their experiences were like, and it was amazing. Were they together? No. Oh, okay. It was like quotes from both of them. That's so funny. That's a, I've never heard that story before. And that's every time I see Mr. I got your dog. Every time I see her in anything else, I'm so proud. Did you know she was in Grey's Anatomy? Yeah. I did not realize it was her telling about that article. I know. I was so happy for her. She's doing great. I know. She's fine. She stepped after that pit residual money.


Okay, you guys, thanks for listening. Follow us on all the places we talked about earlier and, and rate us on iTunes. Rate review and subscribe. Subscribe. Please do that because that gets us so many more viewers and listeners. Like, The. Higher up. We get, and we want everyone to listen to this because we want everyone to be fucked up in the head. Yay. With us. We need to share, you know, what's sharing is caring. It definitely is. I'm talking about, and, you know, stay sexy. Stay sexy. Don't get murdered. Bye. Bye. So outta the hometown and onto the title and the ending. Yeah. Because this is a big one. This is the very first episode that ends with stay sexy and don't get murdered.


This was so off the cuff. Yes. I mean, you, I I remember you saying stay sexy, And, I. Remember needing to say something else and we had just gone over such horrific murders that it was almost this like, I felt like we were telling, we were literally telling the person listening how to live their life. Yeah. And it was definitely stay sexy. Yes, absolutely. But also don't get murdered, please. Yeah. Just like how you would tell a friend Yes. What you would tell a friend when they were leaving your house at night. Yeah. Have a safe flight. Yeah. It has that vibe to it. Right? For sure. I was of course being incredibly sarcastic. Yeah. But we had decided, I think before we started recording, we need a tagline.


Yeah. Like, we need some sort of, we were trying to just like, how do we end this? Tighten our shit up and like be more official. It's like, well if now there's, you know, if now there's 3000 people On the Facebook page, we better start treating this like it's a real show. Yeah. Because at the end I think we're like, okay, well but goodbye. Goodbye. No. Yeah. We needed something. We need to end it on something. Yeah, exactly. And so then we also named the episode Stay Sixy, because we were still doing the number puns. Yeah. But Alejandra, our producer pulled out some lines that could be what we would name it now that we do it just on lines that we say in the show. Yeah. So we have adventures into ghost mouths af something Karen said.


Mm Oh, that's right. Yeah. Oh, there's also arts and crafts. Gothic. Which is something Georgia said. Talking about the house. The house On, the show. American Horror Story was available to be Airbnb. That's right. Crazy. I don't wanna spend the night there. Yeah. But I, my cat's gonna rip up your notes was one of the options because literally my cats would have torn your notes to shreds at one point. Those cats loved paper love. They still do. And they, they loved it while we were recording the most. Yeah. It felt like it was like, wait, it was it Mimi that was always a little bit like, Hey, what we've got over here. They both love to shred paper For sure. It was very handy when I was like paying bills and stuff like that.


But not when you like need sound to sound okay. Oh, not with that incredible audio that we were doing right back in 2016. I mean, did we invent A SMR? I don't know. It's possible one could say, I mean, If you, if you're relaxed by ripping paper, which good. I mean, cat ripping paper is pretty adorable. If that's what you love, this is the show for you. Well, we've done it again. Yeah. Do you like reviewing old episodes with us? How do you feel about this? We could do it forever. We could do it for never Let us know what you prefer. If, you demand the cancellation of this series. Please rate, review and subscribe in iTunes. Please do.


And also stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.