
This is exactly right. If you've ever wanted to be a part of a cult, but you don't wanna commit to wearing one color for the rest of your life, then have we got a fan cult offer for you? That's right. Our fan club. The fan cult just got an upgrade. You can finally enjoy my favorite murder with ad free episodes and videos. Plus binge our huge back catalog of exclusive fan cult videos. You'll get weekly bonus audio and video access to our discord and early access to live show tickets. And this is the rare cult that wants to save you money. So until Friday, June 13th, there's a special discount. Join The fan cult at fan cult dot super cast.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Hello, hello and welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. It's Wednesday, which can only mean one thing. We're recapping our old shows with all new commentary, updates, and insights, And today we're recapping episode 47, which we named at the time Live at the Bell House. Can you guess where we were and what was happening at this moment? I bet you can't guess. This episode came out on December 15th, 2016. Of course, the fifth anniversary of Impractical Jokers premiere. You know that We were forever changed. All right, so let's listen to the intro of episode 47, where we are Live at the Bell House.


Hi. Hi everybody. This Is our conference about Global warming. Let's, it's not the problem you think it is? No, we're gonna, we're gonna tell you, don't worry about the ice sheet disappearing. It's No, no, no. It's gonna be better. You're Gonna die so much sooner than that happens. So who cares? The fastest dying guys. Oh my God. The bellhouse. Finally. So cool. We're finally, like, we've Been, we've been planning this, we've been thinking about it. We've Been talking about it.


We've been talking to each other and to Andrew here at the Bellhouse about it. Yeah. And here we Are. We book, we book, we booked this gig ourselves. Thank you. We didn't know, and so we did it. Yeah. We were like, it doesn't matter. We should do probably a small, intimate venue. Yeah. We're really excited about this. We have a, we have a guest murder Eno story. I think next time we should ask for like wireless Janet Jackson mics. So we can just really roam the stage as we like this. Clearly Want, yeah. Do some black cat before we actually sit down, Talk about Can I get some murder in my mind?


Anything I would just wanna show everybody. I don't know if you know, but we were at Sephora earlier. Can you see that? Hence all the makeup on my face I have. And on Karen Pan. So much lipstick on right now. This is the closest I could get to the Crown Elizabeth lip color. Thank you very much. Thank you. Oh my God. I'm not gonna tell you. Wow. I fucking hate that. I mean, it's mine. The fucking audacity. No, I'm kidding. You're sweet. I love you. Are you Beatons or what?


That's my friend Millie saying the anchors. Hi, Millie. We actually were in Sephora, a very crowded Brooklyn. Sephora. Yeah. And I was squatted down, putting every color of lip and eye thing. I, I put it on my face. I saw it. And Georgia had immediately broken off for me and begun to get a makeover. No. Stab it. And, Oh yeah. I, I, i, at one point I crossed an aisle and there was just a woman doing this. And Georges just standing there getting, getting her face brushed. I actually kind of hated it because I was like, what color matches me? And I don want you to hand it to me. I don't want you to use your fucking brushes that you've on every fucking person in the world for the past fucking 24 hours.


I'm like, maybe put some alcohol on it. And I'm like, I just was like, I'm breaking out. Yeah. As We speak. You pulled it off. Well, I thought you were really enjoying yourself. Thank You. I just didn't wanna hurt her feelings, but I wanted to be like, don't fuck, touch me without, don't touch it. Brush Well, yeah, it's Sephora. There's gonna be, there's gonna be a germ issue for sure. But also, you know, what I don't like is like, they ask if they can help you. And I do want a very specific kind of help. Yeah. But I don't want, I They always try to get you to let them do your fa it's like, no, I just wanna know the exact number of the to toe blip line. That's that what I'm Talking about. I wanted that too. She was like, well, first take your makeup off and then come over here. And I was like, no.


Fuck. Get outta here. I know, I know. I was like, just fucking put it on top, dude. Like, that's what I'm gonna do. Anyways, So you broke off to have that happen to you. I was off by myself. Squatting like a fucking weirdo. And then I hear, You know, like when you're in a public place, I don't know if you're like me in a public place. If I hear someone go like, blah, blah, blah, blah. I never think it's to me, and She turned and gave me the, she did one of these of like, don't fucking, You know, like, she didn't know it was, I was talking about her. No, I just don't. I I don't like shouting. And, And the girl goes, oh, she just gave us a dirty look. The girl who had been like, I'm a huge fan of your podcast.


And I was like, fuck you. I'm looking at eyeshadow right now. But I just thought it was a teen shouting in a public place. And I wanted to show them that that's not allowed. And we don't have kids. And instead it was a girl who worked at se even better, a girl who worked at Sephora who liked our podcast. And, And like, how do you know who we are in person? She, Because of our lip colors, she knows our shit. It's crap. It was super fun. After I stopped being super bitchy to her. Anyhow, I was just at dinner Down the street and these two sweet girls at a table, like, they weren't even obnoxious. They were like, Hey, we're gonna go see your show in a minute. And I was like, thank you.


And I, there Was that. You great. Now they're fucking obnoxious. Everyone's here, everyone's watching. That's because I sugared the them up because I bought them fucking chocolate cake. Nice. And the waitress is like, what the fuck is wrong with you? I was like, send them some cake. I was like, do you know them? That's so Hollywood of you. Big timing it. I'll send you cake. I can afford $8 cake. Yeah. Eat it. Eat that cake. Eat the fucking cake. Eat the Cake. Eat it. That's not a mic. That's a beer. Eat her cake. Eat the cake. She sends. Do you guys, anyhow, anyhow, we gotta go Live show corner.


Oh, Karen o It's fine. It's fine. You have a lifesaver. I have the, this is just a mint in case I get worried later on. It's Weird. Gotta have that shit with you. We should have asked for some kind of a, a break break point up there. Like what? I was Thinking, just a private, a private shelf sneeze area. They couldn't see through. Yeah. So we could have all our secrets. What if we have a fucking frame photo of Steven and the cats up there? Is that Weird? Could you imagine how great this Christmas would be? Sorry. He actually Is babysitting the cats. Like I feel like every time we do a live show and he's babysitting the cats, it's like how it should be. That's right.


Him away and us here. Yeah. We are drinking and all the glory and him doing the work. Like Cinderella. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Damon. I'm gonna start calling him Steve from now on Steve, because he's so, he's such a, like, if there's anywhere in the world he belongs, it's like Brooklyn. He's got the, like, he's got the like uneven hair and a tiny borderline Hitler mustache where I'm like, that could be problematic if you lived anywhere else. He's such A Steven, so calling him Steve, Steve would be such a fucking insult. I love it. It's like Steve fucking jean jacket much. Steve, pick me up in your dad's truck, Steve. Oh, an angel. Oh.


Anyway. Any Hazel. It's, it started snowing in New York. That's, Thanks you guys. I had better hair earlier, but then the snow came. I have really cute coats that don't do anything Georgia. When I met Georgia today, This is the first time we met, We met And we really get along. I met her on the street corner and she is wearing the thinnest, I think it's a coat that Jane Fonda wore in C clt. Like it's just, it's just a very thin it is body shaping. Yep. Top colored coat Coat. It's like, where in the world is Carmen San Diego coat?


Right. However, With a smaller lapel. Yeah. And I was like, are you dying in that coat? What are you doing? No, she Doesn't give a fuck you guys. No, I do give a fuck. I just act like I don't. Oh, it's the secret to not giving a fuck. Oh, Okay. You do. You just feel it deep down inside. Yeah. What if we were already getting the light? End it. Now you Guys fucking cut. You guys end on a high note that's kinda Low and bye. We just kind of updated you on our day. Bye. And then we're gonna leave. Oh. Oh. I went to a a bar on Friday night called the Vince. Where's Vince? What's it called? He's not Even fucking here.


Look, he left your own show. I fucking You To get divorced. That A bar. What? Madero. Thank, thank you. I don't know. Thank you. That Is not her husband. So I was at this, I was at this bar, I think it was like, it was like in like Cobble Hill and we ended, it was like a kind of a divey bar called Maderas. And like we ended up sitting like talking to locals, which is like only a thing you do in Brooklyn. It was like the coolest people and like the, the fucking old timer, like alcoholic dude who was so cool was into fucking serial killers. And then this like couple comes in And you can tell that they've been there a lot, but they're like cool and young. And he was a fucking criminal defense attorney. What? Like this Cute little baby with like dimples and his fucking girlfriend who was like so cute.


Like this cute little hipster was a fucking, she was a forensic. What is auditor? A what? A forensic auditor. She's fucking, She audits shit and then she's like, She does taxes for dead people. Yeah. What? No, she, and then she's like, you're going to jail. You fucking bad man. Oh no. Like, so a company's like, this guy's doing something wrong. And she comes in there and like does the books and I'm like, badass. Like chicks are good at math. Fuck you we're not, but like, fuck you. You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you saying to me, stop There. No. I mean, you Know what I mean? Fuck you. What Are Roman numerals? I don't Know. No one knows. So We just like, it was just like the best.


And they were, they were so cool. What is forensic about auditing though? Well, forensic just means it's it's law. So it's, it's one like I know I wanted there to be like a bone in a file or something. It's like, what is this part of the spine? One heart plus one lung and six stab wounds equals eight things. You're going to jail motherfucker. No, it's just like, I mean I felt bad for her. She just has to sit in a room and do, you know like, like with her like calculator, That seems fun. Don't feel bad for her. They were. But it was just like, it was such a fucking, it was so great. You just got to have a real human experience. Yeah. With people who were obsessed with fucking Duffy things.


God bless. I know. I mean that's us, right? Everybody And you. And you And you. We have murders here. And then we have an a third person to present a murder. Yeah. So we should bring her out now. Let's bring her out. She is our very good friend. You may have seen her on Girl Code, you may have seen her stand up all over the nation. I think You may have already pre-ordered her book. Oh, that's right. Called We, we Dalicious Cut An Unfiltered Guide to Be in a Bride. I've done that. Have you guys been a bride? It's fucking terrifying and awful. What? I was just thinking about when I was, and I failed miserably soon after.


Terrible. Awful. Yeah. Yeah. Hey you guys, Where's, why's that sound? Here's Jamie Lee. Jamie Lee. Everybody Love you. Love you too. Love you too girl. Oh my God. So phony. Let's sit down. This is getting weird. Yeah. Oh my God. Hi. Hi guys. Am I not supposed to be in the middle? Is this this should. Our guest Is aggressive. This microphone. Okay. Isn't that angle out on down? It's, haven't We? It's a little bit in our faces.


Lemme Go ahead and Okay. Anyways, I just bopped mine and it didn't move. 'cause that's not how mics work. Does This feel kind of like, we're at South by Southwest On a Panel, giving a panel about how CDs don't exist anymore. Guys, I brought you a gift. What? Yeah. Stop it. This is for both of you. What is it? You'll see it's A kitten. What was a Kitten? That's actually not far off. So, because Elvis, as he can't travel, he's at home. 'cause cats don't travel. Well, I like it. I got you An Elvis under study to bring with you on the road. Let's see it. It's Patsy, the podcast Alpaca.


Isn't she Flay? Isn't she an Al Pat Patsy? You know why the podcast? Do you know why she's named Patsy? No. Why? The shit 'cause of Patsy. Patsy JonBenet Ramsey. Fuck Yeah. Or Mom Benet Ramsey. That's Benet Rams. Benet Ramsey. So you pack her with you and she'll bring you lots of luck. And also get furl over your clothes. Clothes. Well alpaca her and our suitcases. Yeah. Oh, there We go. Oh my God. Sorry. Sorry. I just like At her fur, it's just like dashing the lights. It's like the, the snow outside dash. The Snow.


I'd just like to tell a quick anecdote about when, so Jamie Lee and I sometimes take our dogs to the same dog park in Los Angeles. And we ran into each other there. And she was asking me about this date. And this was a couple months ago? Yes. And said, 'cause she was gonna be in New York at the same time. And she was like, what? When is it? 'cause I don't wanna go to that show. And I go, why don't you be the guest? And she goes, Oh my God. It's Like that. I like, I wish I could explain. Sorry that was really hard. But I wish I could explain her fucking one direction reaction When I asked Her to be the guest. It was the sweetest thing of all time. But Then you texted me So excited to be me And you were like, is it cool if Jamie's the guest?


I know because I already told her she's the guest. And I was like, of course. No, no, no. You were like, Hey, how about Jamie Lee is the guest? I'm like, yes. Like good. 'cause I already told her. She Yeah, I already asked. I already Asked. Yeah. It was, thank fucking God. What if I was like, no. And here you are. Is this right? I don't know. I think super high. Oh, this feels good. High. Tilt it down. Like should we do head? Should we, Let's get underneath it. That's very Tom Karen. Totally. Yes. I don't know what, I don't know how we And what are we even, Everyone listen. Oh yeah.


I like it up there. Like the reckoning At home is like, what is happening right now? Listeners at Play, you're missing nothing. There's A lot of mic work going on. Yeah. So who goes, who goes first in the situation? Let's make the guest go first. No, Not fucking me. You go first. Yeah. I don't know what I'm doing. Go first. Really? I told you they're so nice. Like right. Are you No. Okay guys, Are you gonna be mad? Am I going to be mad?


Are you mad right now? After I'm like, no. And then afterwards I'm like, Karen, can I talk to you for a minute? Can I talk to you in that really small bathroom back there? Should we do one of us and then Jamie and then the other? I would love That. Sure. Okay. Sorry. Yeah, clearly. I would love that. Just to get in the zone. You know? Gotta warm up. I don know Who did you just Rock paper scissors? Yeah. I don Know who goes first. Do you? Are you fucking super? I'll go first. No, No, no. I was just trying to think of who went first last Time. Does anyone know who went first? I was like, thank you. Thank you. My god. Oh, okay guys, Can we get the notes? Last week's notes please. Who's the secretary of this club? Could you read the minutes back please? Because That's what I meant. You're not paying attention. This is something that we could have figured out while we were at Sephora.


Why would we do That? No. Any other time that we've been here for the past 24. And how charming was that though, when we just like didn't knock? Because like, we don't even think about it. The torture show killer. Anyone? The alpaca move the alpaca. I don't give a fuck what you can see. Shut your mouth. No, really? Do You know how to be in public? You don't get to talk. No talking. And now when I meet you afterwards, I'm gonna get in your fucking face. There's no, oh no. Patsy fell over. Patsy died. When Karen Is angry at it's patsy, Patsy falls over.


When Karen needs you to Stop fucking talking. Ask Patsy if she wants a cookie. It's gonna be so disappointing. And I'm gonna get Super sad. She'll, she'll say something. Just ask her. Yeah. Pat, You want a cookie? Yes. Now I She's a more eloquent than your cat. I'm sorry. Yes. Sad. Super fucking sad. It's cheat. Sad. I'm not doing carbs right now, but I'll make an exception for you girls. Oh, thanks Pat. Patsy's really high class. She's a Little emo, but we're working through it. And we're back. Hi. I love Patsy the Alpaca. That's just, I mean, it's always great to bring some props.


Yeah. And it's classy to bring a gift to the hosts. Always. Jamie Lee, classy lady. We also, I think it's really funny, I'm still talking about the lipstick from the Crown. I know. Know, it just, it won't go away. I Didn't realize how much of a theme there was until we started doing these. Or do I have some sort of obsessive compulsive disorder? I mean, what in the hell? And then I just pull out my makeup drawer and there's 1000 lipsticks inside. Or it's like, yeah. Oh, so you Do that? We're like, I love this color. And you get home And you have three of them already. I can't stop. Oh my God. Especially now that we're on video, it's like, Oh yeah. Oh well where is the lipstick that's gonna bring it all home for me.


Totally. Like this is the one that's gonna be like, and like, should I try orange lipstick? Like I know it's old fashioned, but like the old grandmas had orange, like straight up orange lipstick. I've been kind of like, Oh Yeah. Get into that. Should I? They're rocking out. Coral? Yes. A feel Coral lipstick. Very Florida in the sixties. All right. I'll try it. Just for anybody that gets upset or worried. That heckler that I yelled at was totally fine. We laughed about it after we took pictures. It was all good. I think that's like the beginning of the Karen. I hope Karen yells at me from the audience period. Like I think that made people want like I know they do. They want you to yell at them. That's like their dream in the audience. Well Here's the thing, when you are at a live show and somebody else decides this is I'm in this too.


Right? The rest of the audience hates it. Yes. But they can't do anything about it. So at least it stand up long enough to know that if you just kind of take it in hand and are mean, then everyone else is like, great, we'll all do that then. Right? And we support her. We'll not do that. Right. But over the years we learn. Yes. It's like you have to do it in a nicer way. Yeah. It was just like, my thing was, podcast audiences were so weird compared to what I was used to in standup because we Didn't know what we were doing. Like as an audience member is totally new, kind of totally new. Unless you Totally new, You know, you went to fucking IRA glasses like beautiful, you know, an NPR thing that was fancy. And so there probably were no hecklers.


I would love it if there were hecklers at an NPR Ira glass. He's interviewing someone about something really sensitive. So wait, wait, don't tell me. And someone just keeps yelling the answers. Can't see that. Yeah, Exactly. Oh, what Paula Poundstone, I saw you do. Stand up. Oh, Sorry. I'm used to my favorite murder live shows. I didn't know what this was. I thought this was like a stream of consciousness shouting match that we all agreed to pay for. But no, I guess I'm wrong. Okay. No, I Thought I was the main character, but it turns out no. Another thing to remember not just criticizing the audience for being new. Yeah. But this was the show where I was the tour of agent. So you booked this? I booked, I called the Bellhouse was like, is it okay, we have a podcast, can we come and do it there?


They're like, sure. They're expecting 80 to a hundred people to come. Yeah. Then when we announce it, they start getting calls and they sell out in three minutes. And it was the beginning of us starting to understand what was actually happening in reality as opposed to what was happening in George's apartment. Right. And the people at the Bellhouse were like, what did you do? What is this? Like we are overrun. And we were just like, oh my God, I'm so sorry. Yeah. That was while. I think after this we finally let our tour agent book shows from then on. Yeah. 'cause It was like our touring agent came to us and was like, heard about the Bellhouse, please. Yeah, Yeah. Please Let me, I've actually got a plan. I was like, no, I'll be the touring agent.


Karen's got it. She knows someone at the Bellhouse. Okay. Like She know Karen's gonna go back to all the places where she bombed doing standup comedy and see if they remember her name. And then that will be our tour. Sounds great, Karen. I mean, I didn't know any better. Like I, you know, when have I booked a fucking show before? Who Knows? I mean, it was a fun idea. We were like, Hey, we should do this live since, since it's going. Well that was the energy behind it. Alright, Let's get into this story because this is a big one and this is just crazy awful. And there are multiple updates, which I wanna hear about. So let's listen to Karen's story about the Torso Killer.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trad wife. But let's be honest, we all need reliable Wireless. And that's where Visible comes in. Visible Is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the Go Visible Runs on Verizon's 5G Networks. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible plus Pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus It's all digital. You manage your plan in the app And you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month for Their best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's. Built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and autogenerated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to squarespace.com/murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code Murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air And that means open Windows outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard Outdoor Protection, SimpliSafe monitoring agents closely watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady, or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit Simply safe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's Simplisafe.com/aav. There's no safe like SimpliSafe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Can I please talk about the Torso Killer? It's, He's your fucking killer and I wanna tell you about him. So there's a name, a man named Richard Francis Cottingham and he did a little work in the eighties here in the New York City metropolitan area that I don't know if anybody knows about. I actually had never heard of him. And someone else, like in passing a friend of mine was like, have you ever heard of the Torso Killer? And I got all up in their face like, that's Cleveland, that's not gonna help me. And then they're like, no, no, no. New York City had their own torso killer. And I was like, well God bless America.


And this took place primarily in 1980. And so I looked up on a website what was happening in 1980 that was different than 2016. And so I'll just, I'll just list a couple things just to paint the picture, just to set it up. Georgia Was Born in 1980. Yeah. Oh girl, you look good. Oh, am I not supposed to? Thank you. Thank you. That was, that was a straight compliment. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Let's see, Karen is using Patsy as a music stand. I mean, Patsy Patsy was used for years and years by John Ramey.


Oh Yeah. Shit. I don dunno. I don dunno. That's right. I don't know anything can happen at the Bellhouse. Could you imagine if John John Ramsey walked on stage? But that's our, oh my God. That's our surprise guest is fucking John Ramsey. John Ramsey's here to tell his side of the story. Fucking flip the table. Fuck Dude. The torso killer. Fuck. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. In 1980 in New York, but also everywhere else did you know there was no answering machines like they had invented them and corporate corporations would use them and like rich people had them, but they weren't actually mass marketed until 1984.


Aw, isn't that precious? It's So cute. So if you wanted to call somebody and they weren't home, the phone would just ring and ring and ring. Alright. Also, there were payphones everywhere and they weren't as dirty as they are now. Yeah. Here in New York, this subway was insanely scary. Oh yeah. You, they used tokens and everybody had a knife. I believe Studio 54 was peaking. It was about to close, but it was like peaking just to the point where it was like all the people who still thought cocaine was good for you were having a great time.


And then like New Year's Eve and it was like January 1st, 81. And they were just like, everybody's gonna die. Yeah. You could smoke anywhere. You could smoke inside of an operating room. It was the best. There were a shit ton of mimes. Oh no. All right, we're good. That, that, mine was just so pissed off that he fucking, That mine threw down his drink and fucking storm stormed Out. But silently, he didn't yell. He was just like, drink. How dare you talk about the qua, the quantity of mimes.


Now there's just me. And of course there was graffiti everywhere and there's litter everywhere. And also there was a ton of murder. Just a Shit time. Yeah. Yes. Congratulations. So there was a man named Richard Francis Cottingham. And he was 31 years old at this time. He was a computer operator and a valued employee of the Blue Cross Blue Shield in New York. It's not a plug. We're Getting paid a shit ton of money by Blue Cross to not talk about that Blue Shield. He was married with three children and he also raped, sodomized, killed and mutilated six sex workers in New York and New Jersey.


Congratulations. What a fun guy. Yeah. Yeah. That was great storytelling. This's a sassy good time. So I read this article by a guy named Peter Ky and it seemed like he was a writer, but in, when he tells it, I mean, like I, he is, it's a great article. So obviously he's a talented writer, but he was talking about, at the time he used to run film from Montreal, get it developed in New York City and then take it back. And you can't just like send you, they don't ever ship like movie film like that. You have to have a guide do it so that nothing happens to the film. So he would come down with the film and he would get a stipend to get a hotel room for the, the night and then go back.


But of course he was like a young punk, so he didn't wanna spend his money on a hotel room. So he would save the money and like eat. He would go to art openings and eat cheese and drink wine. Fuck yeah. And then, and then get a hotel room in a really, really seedy hotel. And so this one time he did it, the film took longer than they expected. So he ended up getting kind of stuck in Hell's Kitchen. And it was Wait back then? No. Yeah. Right. No thanks. There was a, it was a hotel on 10th Avenue and in Hell's Kitchen. And he was standing at the elevator one day and the, it was taking forever and he was getting kind of irritated when it finally opened.


There was just like this super bland guy who came outta the elevator holding a bag and the What, Why then? Because Something's gonna happen. Oh, right. Okay. I can tell something's Gonna happen. Got it, got it. He comes outta the elevator and his bag touches Peter Vronsky on the leg. And then, but then the guy moves on, he said he looked a little bit sweaty, like he'd just been doing something. But then, but he, other than that he was kind of vague. And then he left. So Peter Vronsky goes up to the floor where his hotel room is going to be to check out just how horrible his stay is going to be. 'cause he knows it's gonna be bad. And we, when he gets up there, there are little pieces of like burned material in the air and he can smell smoke.


It smells like someone burnt hair or something. Oh, so right. Yeah. So as he's walking down the hallway to get to his room, the, he's now starts to see smoke in the hallway and the smell is starting to get really bad And you start to realize it's the smell of death. This is, this is not just a normal fire, there's a dead body somewhere. Oh. And then right then the fire alarms go off. And what happened? I just Looked, I just feel like I just got chills. I'm just very invested. Keep going. He goes, he goes back downstairs and a room was on fire.


Oh. And when the firemen went in, they found two bodies, one on each of the single beds. And when one of the firemen picked the body up and pulled it out into the hallway, don't do that to do CPR on it. No head, no hands. Ah, What Did you think was gonna happen? Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh no. We are, wait, sorry. Did you say no head, no hands? Is that what you Said? Yes. No head, no hand. Okay. No fucking Dental records. No fucking fingerprint. That's Right. Woo. So he, a couple years later when Richard Cotham gets caught and his picture is on the news, Peter Vronsky sees his picture and goes, that's the guy that passed me when he came outta the elevator.


And with a bag, with a bag with heads in it. Fuck. And hands Fuck. Oh my. Anyway, Merry Christmas. Was it a nice bag? Was it to me? Was it large? What's the large brown bag? What's the large brown bag thing From Bloomingdale's? Bloomingdale's. Oh yeah. Big brown bag. Big brown bag. So was it the sports Sack? Was it Goodwill? Guys, I'm about to talk about the dead body. Please Go. Okay. Sorry. The, those missing parts were never found, but their clothes, there was two sex workers whose clothes were found neatly folded and put into the bathtub along with their fancy boots.


And, and there was very little blood on the beds. Hmm. So they don't on, and there was very little blood in the room. So they don't understand, they don't understand the method at that point of what happened, where it happened. 'cause it didn't seem possible that he could have gotten all of that taken care of in the room. Also, how did he kill one person and then the other and the other person doesn't make enough noise that somebody knows what's going on. Again, they're in Hell's Kitchen. So through through X-Rays, they identify Deida Gaza, who is a 23-year-old sex worker from New Jersey, who's the mother of a four month old baby. Oh no. Oh yeah.


And the other victim was in her late teens. And she has never been identified to this day. Hi. Oh my God. So, So what the fuck was that? Look? So six months later, six months later at the Seville Hotel on 29th Street near Madison, he kills a 25-year-old named Gene Rayner. And it was the same exact thing where they go in, they find the dead body, and this time it's gonna be bad. He cut off her breasts and put them on the headboard before he lit the room on fire.


So now we're gonna cut to the Hasbro Heights quality in, you guys have been there. The Irony of quality in anytime the word quality is in the title, it's stark opposite. Like Good enough in Yeah. It's called bedbugs. Yeah. So the maid is vacuuming as they're want to do, and when she goes to vacuum under the bed, it hits something. No, No. And when she lifts up the mattress, oh, it is the disfigured corpse of 19-year-old Valerie Street. Oh. Who's also a sex worker.


Yeah. So essentially the R boy Richard Coddington, what what he would do is pick up sex workers. And he would oftentimes, he would give him a date rape drug and they would wake up in the hotel with the tape on their mouth and he and handcuff with their hands behind their back. And, and then basically he would torture them for hours at a time. And they were at these horrible hotels where people would be screaming and no one was doing anything. Ah, that's the, that's the craziest thing is which that screaming. Well, I mean, he, until he put the tape over their mouth.


But he must have like, the planning, the planning of it must have been that they drug them long enough and then covered it. But The, you mind your business in those fucking hotels. Right? That that's exactly right. You don't wanna point fingers. No. When the three are pointing back at you. Do you Remember the movie Big? When Tom Hanks becomes big and he goes and stays in the hotel for the first time and it's like the set and he gets like super scared and sad. It was Like Times Square. I always think it's totally times square. Ugh. You're 12 and crying and you're 12, but you're also a man. You're a Man, boy. Okay, So, so this next victim was a not a pros sex worker. Sorry. It's, it keeps saying prostitute. And this article, it was a 26-year-old radiologist named Marianne Carr.


And they think that he knew her in real life, in his, in his weird other life in New Jersey. And she had basically died the same way. And she was found like up against a chain link fence. Oh. So it was, it was all kind of the same thing. But it turned out she was, she was just a, a nurse and a regular person. Like how in Her town, how would he know, how would he have found her and known her if he didn't already know her? Right. Right. Yes. And you Yeah, shut Up. He wouldn't have is what I'm saying. So then basically the way he gets caught, sorry, I I should have left Sephora earlier and organized this part better.


Lemme find the thing. The, oh, it's on this, the way he, the way he gets caught is Wait For it takes he what he takes, he said, wait for it. He takes a girl back to the same quality inn in Hoberg Heights where the body was found under the bed. And but this time he, there were reports of a woman screaming, finally someone was paying attention, getting together. And they, when the cops come in, there's a man trying to calmly walk out as if he doesn't Yeah. Look, I'm just here with quality in chilling in just on Vacay, the Quality Inn.


I just like to come over here and just thank, just get my thoughts together. At the Qi they Have free wifi. WiFi's not a thing yet. What are you talking about? It's not a thing. So basically the cops get him and then when they go into the room, they find a girl handcuffed. Hysterical. And she's been tortured for a long time, but they, there's finally a survivor that can tell everybody this fucking motherfucker that you think is some normal guy that works at Blue Shield. Blue Cross is actually this insane serial killer. Wow. So, so when they search Cottinghams home, they find a trophy room containing personal effects from several of the murdered sex workers.


And they, they're act he had actually been arrested twice in the early seventies that, that nobody knew about that. That was, that would never come up. And so yeah, he had personal things that, that connected him. There was no way, it couldn't have been. Him got to the chase in May of 1981. He was convicted on 15 felony counts related to the murder of Valerie Street. And he drew a sentence of 173 to 197 years in prison. And then a year later he was convicted on second degree murder charges for Marianne Carr. And that added another 20 years to his life. And That is how sentencing is fucking done.


Yeah. Sorry, I was just reading the last paragraph. Yep. It sure is. Oh, It Totally, oh, there was just this list of, this is what he was indicted on. This is what the person read in court. Kidnapping attempted murder, aggravated assault. Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, aggravated sexual assault while armed aggravated sexual assault while armed. Oh, the first one was raped. The second was, was sodomy. Aggravated sexual assault while armed that was fellatio, possession of a weapon, possession of controlled dangerous substances, secobarbital and amobarbital or ol and possession of controlled dangerous substance diazepam or Valium.


In other words, he was the total package. Wow. That's Richard Cottington Cottingham. But that torso killer. Yay. Okay, we're back, Karen, we are Back. I wanna give us some updates. Such a horrible, I mean obviously it's just redundant. This is a True Crime podcast. When you describe one story as being horrible and violent, then you just have another story that's horrible and violent. Right. Unless you're taking a left turn On our podcast. How many times have we said this is one of the worst? Like how many, one of the worst can there be?


A lot. Turns Out every time it's always like, these stories have extreme violence. It's like, yes. Yeah. It's a true crime podcast. But this serial killer in particular. Yeah. It is so cold and calculated and repetitive and insanely violent. It's just like Yeah. And the victims are so young and just vulnerable and Yeah. So Richard Cottingham, the Torso Killer remains in prison and he continues to confess to his crimes. So in 2022, he confessed to an additional five murders. Wow. Those victims were Diane Cusick 23, Mary Beth Hines, 21, Laverne Moy 23, Sheila Hyman, 33, EMTA Rosado Neve, who was 18.


Geez. And those are just more horrible murders. So he's been found guilty of 17 murders, but he claims to have killed at least a hundred women. It's just, he's an animal. It's insanity. That's One of those ones where like some of them, those killers were brag and like inflate their numbers. But if he's continuing to confess and has like five that he can be confirmed to, it's kind of seems believable. Yes. You Know, complete. I mean, there's no reason not to believe. Totally. It's not the oddest tool situation where they're just doing it to get outta jail. Totally. Okay, now we're gonna get into Georgia's story about Imit St. Guillen.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trad wife. But let's be honest, we all need reliable Wireless. And that's where Visible comes in. Visible is the Ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the Go Visible runs on Verizon's 5G Network. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible plus Pro plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus It's all digital. You manage your plan in the app And you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


If your idea of spring cleaning means getting rid of every single piece of furniture that you swore with temporary four years ago, article is here to help. Article makes it easy to create a stylish, long-lasting home at an unbeatable price. And thanks to their online only model, they have some unbeatable prices too. Article offers a curated range of mid-century modern, coastal and scandy inspired pieces that not only shine on their own, but also pair seamlessly with other article products. This thoughtful approach to design makes it incredibly easy to mix and match, helping you create a space that feels cohesive and stylish. Article takes great care in curating its collection, focusing solely on high quality, meaningful pieces that will stand the test of time. There's no filler. Every item is chosen for its craftsmanship, design, and lasting value. An article provides fast and affordable shipping across the US and Canada. You get a choose your delivery time and they'll keep you in the loop with updates along the way. Article is offering our listeners $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more to claim visit article.com/murder. And the discount will be automatically applied at checkout. That's A-R-T-I-C-L e.com/murder to get $50 off your first purchase of a hundred dollars or more. Goodbye


Temperatures are starting to rise, which means you're setting your baseline level of sweaty right now. And it only gets worse from here. That's Exactly why you need clothes that breathe look good. And we'll keep you together until September. That's Quince. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen shorts and dresses starting at $30 plus Luck, swimwear and Italian leather platform sandals The Best part. Everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, Quince gives you luxury without the markup. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. It's that time of year where the weather's changing. And I realize how few short sleeve shirts I have and I truly logged onto Quince this morning. They have all these beautiful linen shirts, all these beautiful cotton shirts, stuff where you're like, I don't wanna be hot and this is gonna help me so much. Beautiful linen in the summer is my favorite. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye.


Jamie, do you wanna go? I would feel weird going last. Do you wanna go last? Sure. Okay. Is that okay? 'cause I don't wanna like, I don't wanna like wrap it up like 'cause and then Georgia goes, so let's have Jamie go last. Okay. Is that cool? Do it. Yeah, we cool? Okay. Totally. Okay. All right. And so, okay. I really, I really, this murder's really fucked up, but I got really scared that someone in here knows the victim. Oh. So I apologize. I just apologize constantly is basically what I do. Okay. So Annette Saint GaN. Anyone? Anyone? Anyone? No. Okay, good. Like they're gonna say, I mean, yeah.


Oh Yeah. That's my Aunt. Okay. So I met Iett was born in Boston and in 2003 she enrolled in the John Jay Criminal College of Criminal Justice, which is a SUNY SUNY college in Manhattan. They couldn't come up with anything more than John J. Criminal, criminal Justice College, but I, I don't know who he is. John J. Criminal Justice College. Your name is not mine. That's nobody's name. Let's name a college after that. So she was gonna pursue, basically she was one of us, she was gonna pursue a master's degree in criminal justice. So like immediately we won't have a drink with her and fucking hang out with her. Right.


She was one of the top 5% of her class, and she was supposed to graduate in May, 2006. And so in February, 2006, she goes to celebrate her birthday with her friend Claire. They go out, they're at a nightclub. Tell it's Always a friend. Claire. Yeah. Claire. Claire. Oh God. Everyone's friend been Claire. I, I'm not saying her last name on purpose because I feel fucking bad for this girl. Poor Claire. I really Do. I mean, I'm definitely piece of shit for saying She tried. She fucking tried. So three 30, which by the way, this fucking 4:00 AM shit. Like, you can stay out till 4:00 AM in New York. Fuck. No. What the fuck? That is a terrible idea. It is kind of around the witching hour. It's like you've gotta be careful, Like stay as far away from dawn as possible.


You know what I mean? Party till 1145 and go home. Great, great. But you know, she's a baby. So they go to a nightclub to celebrate her birthday and then the Claire's like, let's get the fuck outta here. I called a cab and then Emmett's like, I'm staying out. And they're like, I'm gonna burp. Hold on. Then. Amek, thank No, no, Those are loyal fans. They're like, let it out Georgia. Do you? It's terrible. I don't want this to be me. It also sounded like a car, kind of like a car. If somebody wrote out a cartoon burp where it was like, Ba yeah. Like Tim, the tool man, Taylor, That's me.


So like, fucking Claire's like, get in the fucking cab. And I i's like, Nope, bitch, I'm staying out. And like, We've all done it. We've all done it. You always listen to Claire and at three 50 Claire calls her and is like, are you okay? And, and, and Matt's like, I am going to this bar called the Falls at four. It's at 4:00 AM You, do You know this one? I heard that was a good stage whisper. Okay. So the next evening they're like, where the fuck is Iett? Like, she's fucking missing a shit. And so someone, an anonymous caller calls the Brooklyn Police and is like, I saw a fucking dead woman's body.


Yeah. On, does anyone know where Fountain Street and Spring Creek Park is? Nope. No. That's a, that was a vague whoop. And it turns out that it's fucking Nette Saint Ian Guillen. Okay, you guys, this sucks. She's nude and wrapped in a comforter. Mm. Her fucking fingernails are broken showing that she fought as fuck. Which like, get it girl. No hands and feet tied. Oh, socking her fucking mouth. Like hair had been cut off. Yeah. Yes. Beaten, Sexually assaulted. That Was Del Sassoon. How dare.


She's like, what kind of Cut the Rachel. Oh, in that whole list. She's upset about the hair. Can I go on about how she was please Fucking murdered or I know. Do you want me to stop? I know. This is the whole problem Then. And she died of asphyxiation. And I don't even want to tell you about the fact that she had, it was because she had packing tape wrapped around her poor sweet face. According to the forensic psychologist. She, the forensic psychologist said that the killer tried to dehumanize her completely. When you hide someone's face, it means that you don't wanna see them as a human being. You wanna pretend they're just an object. And hair cutting too, I think is part of that Right? Where it's like, it's, it's something aggressively male to cut a woman's hair, which sounds so stupid, but like, I think when you're a fucking murderer, it's true.


Yes. No, yeah. Thoughts, feelings. Well, It's Also a weird thing 'cause it's like, he's like, I wanna murder humans. Yeah. But like, I don't wanna murder a human. It's like, what? Make your mind. Yeah. Yeah. Fucking shifty Weirdo. I wanna murder humans, but I also like to cut hair. Okay. So the last time that I iett had been seen, she was with one of the bouncers at this bar called The Falls. And this, this bartender had been asked to escort her out of this bar before closing. And then another bar, another bouncer saw her talking to her in front of the bar. So the, the dude, the fucking, the bouncer was an ex-con had spent more than 12 years in prison for drug possession and robbery.


And he was on parole, which means he shouldn't have gotten a fucking job being, but they didn't do any background checks on him. He wasn't a licensed security guard. He staying out past curfew was parole violation. Like he shouldn't have fucking been hired. Okay. But the dude who owned the fucking bar, his name was Dorian. He, he didn't want, he said that he had never, he didn't see her, he didn't know who she was. And later admitted that he knew who she was. And he said he didn't wanna get involved because years earlier, his father's bar had suffered poor publicity and lawsuits after a patron was murdered. A different bar. Guess what Fucking bar it is.


Guess what? Fucking Murder is The one of town, the Upper East Side Preppy murders. The fucking preppy murder. Yeah. What, What the fuck are the chances? Sorry. The guy that owns the Falls Dor all their own Dorian dor. Red Red hand. Right Red hand. Red hand do's red hand. Right? Which we've covered. They're just yelling all kinds of stuff. If you've listened to this for a little bit, I've been to that bar. Have you really? I have. I was, I was very sad there. It sounds Sad. Probably you guys don't hit on me anyways. It's my own struggle. Let's go back to the girl who died. You Should be glad about not getting hit on at that fucking bar.


Okay. So the owner is the fucking same dude. Yeah. Crazy, right? So the dude, the fucking, the bouncer whose name now, okay, I'm gonna say his name is Darrell Littlejohn. His basement apartment is searched in queens and carpet fibers are found that match her on the adhesive tape, blood and skin matching. Little John's DNA are found on the plastic ties and also from a snow brush found next to the body. So like, I don't know how he bled. I heard something about like a, a nosebleed, but I'm like, why would you get a fucking nosebleed?


Like, I don't understand how that happens. Yeah, You're like a murderer, but you're also like kind of a geek. You're like, Who? Like, well we know Cokehead. She scratched the shit outta your face. Cokehead actually makes sense. Oh yeah. Makes cokehead Sense. Way more sense. Makes sense. You're a bouncer. I'm so sorry. Bouncers. But, and especially like in 2006, you're a fucking cokehead. Careful. Careful. Hey. Okay, so whoa, whoa, whoa. Bunch of old shits down on on the DNA, it fucking matches as fuck. And then additional evidence. And they were like, ping the fucking towers, which is like the new DNAI feel like, you know what I'm saying? And then traces of GHB were found in her system, which is not a punk band, it's a date rape drug.


So the fucking bar owner says like, I don't know, I didn't see her. And then, then he later says he didn't wanna get involved and, but a bunch of people were like, he has ties, his family has ties to Rudy Giuliani. So a lot of people are like, this is actually the killer, but he's got it covered up and he was being frame and the other dude is being framed to protect Rudy Giuliani's family who was like running for shit at the time. Okay, so don't say what? It makes me feel like I'm fucking up. Don't say what. Okay, so No good. We can hear every word You say, you know you really good. Okay. All right. They had gotten poor publicity after the fucking dorian's red hand.


And then, okay, so he Mm mm Okay. So finally Dorian admits what he saw that night, and here, ready for a fucking piece of shit. Okay. He says, there was a young lady sitting at the bar who didn't wanna leave. I told her it was time to leave, and she said, I'll leave when I'm finished with my drink. Says fucking, And that, which is like, yes girl. And then he says, either finish it or I'm gonna pour it out. And so she finishes it. Then he says she was just getting up to leave. And I told Little John Daryl Littlejohn to escort her out, which is like, call a fucking cab. You've never done any fucking background check on this dude.


Like, you don't know who this person is, and you're sending her out in the fucking world as a drunk person. So, Well, it's the bouncer though, to them. They're just like, send him out with a bouncer. Yeah. I mean, I would trust a bouncer. I would, I would ask a bouncer walk to my car. Trust Bouncers. Yeah. That's what sucks About it. They're not, they're not drinking. They're fucking big and nice. They, oh, they're The, they broad shoulders. They're Very cool. Like I trustworthy Shoulders. They're fucking low key individuals that sit on stools, just Like, yes. Like they don't wanna be there. Flashlight white. They're like, I'm like, Bunch Of drunk. You can go in dickhead That they have to fucking do. Like, yeah. Yes, I get it. So the other bouncer named Tim said that IIT was slurring her words And that she had been slumped over at the bar.


But then he was just like, bye, and like walked in the other direction. Like he just left them. And then, then Dorian said that he saw them. He saw I met and Little John fighting outside. Okay. So he gets arrested, he gets fucking charged with all this shit. And then his defense attorney says that Dorian, the fucking bar owner might have been the real killer. And that maybe Littlejohn was fucking bringing women back to the club to like, as a thing. But it like, clearly not. Oh, So they like flow to conspiracy? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, Because that doesn't seem unlikely. The other, the things I've heard about Dorian's red hand. Yeah. But he also said he, he told police that he had been banged up after a quarrel with his girlfriend a couple days after her body was found.


It's like, why are, why are you beat up? Right? Yeah. That's like the first thing you've looked for. Yeah. Okay. So they, they never investigated him. Okay. So the bar closes, it was liquor license and Littlejohn is sentenced to 25 years to life in prison. Okay. So the, okay, so the judge says, not one of these people spared a thought to the wisdom of sending an intoxicated young woman out into the deserted streets of Manhattan at 4:00 AM If only one of them had a common decency to call a cab taxi. We might not have, we might not be there here in this courtroom.


Which is like so fucking true. True. Right? Like You, yes. You're Responsible at that point. It's true. It's true. It's super true. It's very, very true. I mean, true, true, true. If you're gonna own a bar and not take responsibility for a fucking alone woman slumped at a bar and just send her out. Well, but, and the other thing is that it's that thing of like being overserved or did you drink too much? Right? Like if you go to a bar, you have to be careful. And I think, I mean, it's just that thing of like, you can't just trust the, the bouncer. No, you can't just trust that other people will take care of you. It'd be nice. Yeah. But it might not happen. And Whether or not the bouncer just walks her out and lets her leave, like he might not be a murderer, but he also, the bar owner, the bartender should be aware of that.


She's being at least somewhat taken care of and Yeah. She could be fucking drugged. And we don't know that. Like, it's so easy these days. Watch her drinks, you guys, you Know, tonight also, the funny thing is like, and these days then you're super drunk and they watch you get into an Uber, which is a car that a stranger is driving. Yeah. Like, who knows who that fucking guy is. Yes. It's just organized hitchhiking. Oh my God. Oh, that was great. It's true. Where is this female? Only Uber we've been promised. I keep hearing about it and I fucking want it. Did you make that up? No. It's a thing. There's like a new, it's supposed to be like women driving women only. And like, or like if, if you're a woman and you're with a dude, it's okay.


But you have to be a woman. Like, and it's women drivers. Goodnight. Huh? Okay. I'm not on, I need to get on that email chain. Well, you Don't need to be 'cause it's not, I've heard about it for two years and it's not happening. Oh, okay. But it Should be alright. So let that dream go. Let it go. Let it go. You're gonna get, we're gonna get. Okay. So then while he's being fucking arrested and tried, another woman comes forward 'cause she sees his fucking face on TV and is like, that's the dude who fucking dressed like a police officer handcuffed me and fucking sexually assaulted me. They linked the DNA, it, it was him. He was a fucking repeat sex assaulter. A serial rapist. Yep. There we go.


Thank you. Yeah. Another fucking woman's like that dude fucking did that to me. And then, and she said that this other woman said that he wrapped her face up almost exactly like he did to this poor fucking baby girl. And that, okay. So the good news, all that is that 2007 New York enacted a law requiring security cameras at the entrances and exits of all the 200 exhibited exhibited nightclubs that held a cabaret license, which is so charming, just Like jazz hands. Yeah. If you're doing jazz hands, you gotta get that camera using a stool as a prop.


It almost makes you think like that they have clean bathrooms And you fucking know they don't. No. You know, like, you can't call it a cabaret and it's like graffiti bathrooms with no fucking thing. My parents, my parents owned a rock club and they had something in Dallas, Texas where I grew up and they, they had a thing called a dance hall license. And I always thought it was so funny to call it a dance hall because it's like you have fucking gore. You know, like literally like spraying like fake semen and blood on the audience and it's like, we've got a dance hall. It's like, no, come on down to the dance hall. It's a CCB aout. And then, Sorry to say a semen hangout.


No, we have to say it once every episode. Or they, they just, they, it doesn't happen. So they have to, they have to have a fucking videos. And the club owners agreed to a vol voluntary guidelines. So they scan all of the identification so like they know who comes in and out and they have to screen them for fucking weapons, which has never happened to me in my life when I've ve gotten Has that happened to you? I mean, look At, oh, I get patted down all the time. Yeah, I really do. And they also have to provide more care in dealing with intoxicated female patrons who are alone, which is great. So, and then Boston did the same thing. And then also John J. College of Criminal Justice, they, they started an a Met St.


Guion scholarship for second year students at the, at the college. And yeah. And then they've also created a spirit of a MET foundation intended to support education for underprivileged children. And then that motherfucker, darl Littlejohn is in jail forever. Everything. Fuck prison for everything. Fucking God. That was nice. That was a good ending. Thank you. That Was a real upending. That's the shitty little John, not the fun one that says Yeah. Yeah. Little John. Isn't That what he does? Am I gonna, is that right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not that one. It's not that one.


Okay. We're back. Georgia. Are there updates to this case? Yeah, this case just really hits you because we've all been in situations like that. I think every woman who was in the Bellhouse that night has experienced a similar situation where Sure. You know, I'm really glad they changed a lot to be like, you need to look out for drunk women and like, can't just kick them outta your bar. Right. That's just not how you do it. So there are no case updates. However, Aaron did find something interesting that I didn't know about the owner of the bar. The falls was Michael Dorian and he's the son of Jack Dorian who owns Dorian's Red Hand, the bar connected to the preppy murder case. Hmm.


So they just both happened to have these bars, which I think is wild. And you covered that story in episode 13. Yeah. And then also just a little note that rapper Little John has continued to thrive since 2016. That's right. Don't worry about Little John. He's fine. Right. And then we, this is a three story episode. How exciting is that? And also how Ill planned, what were we doing? Why would we, yeah. Everybody bring a story and we'll have a three hour show, And then Jamie totally divide us by just saying, I'm not doing a New York murder. Goodbye. She is. She's like, I'm doing my favorite. The end. Yeah. Okay, so now it's time for our guest Jamie Lee. Story about Dee Blanchard.


Okay guys. Alright man. Here we go. I know. Chat here guys. I really appreciate the support. It's a lot of press, You know, it's a lot of pressure. Yeah. Got these two experts. Yeah, I sounded sarcastic. It was a hundred percent not I, you both told me that I should do. You're like, oh, we're doing a show in New York, so maybe do a New York murder. And I didn't, I just straight up was like, no, I do what I want. I Do what I want. I'm Jamie Lee. I want, because it's loose. I thought about the title of the podcast is My favorite Murder, and I was like, oh, I'm gonna be honest. So I wanna do what is legitimately right now my very favorite murder. So without further ado, this is the murder of Dee Blanchard.


Yeah. Yeah. Hey. Okay. So good. Oh man, it gets so good. Okay, so on June 14th, 2015 in Springfield, Missouri, 48-year-old de de was found dead in her home, covered in stab wounds. Why, how, who would do such a thing? I will let you know very shortly. Okay. So here's the deal. Deedee Bland, she was described as a quote unquote, large, affable looking person, which she reinforced by dressing in bright, cheerful colors. Oh, She had, This is a real fun detail she had.


Do you ever think, sorry, but do ever think about, I think my greatest fear is to find out how people describe me. Oh, I never ever wanna know. I don, but God forbid, God fucking forbid, large, affable, bright, cheery colors. I mean, I would never, never leave that. If I heard that about myself, I'd be like, oh, please just murder me because I don't wanna know that detail. And when Someone once told me in junior high, like, what's some who's like they said I had mousey brown hair and it changed my fucking hair. Right? Or like, hence the fucking Bob, you can't have mousey hair. What Bob, What is mousey? I don't understand that descriptor. What does that mean even mean? Well, The bitch who told me that someone said that clearly was a fucking cunt Is what that means.


That's what it means. What that means. That's what it means. Here's another horrifying detail. She had curly brown hair. She liked to hold back with ribbons. Oh, never. Good. Like cheer squad dude. Never Good. Like she's at the Ren Fair. Just, but every day Woven throughout her braid crown, eating a Turkey leg. Okay. She, she could, so Deedee could make friends quickly and inspire deep devotion in people. She did not have a job, but instead served as a full-time caretaker for her daughter, gypsy Rose, who was her disabled teenage daughter.


So she didn't have a job. She was just a, a caretaker for Gypsy Rose. I'm busy. That's what she said. Yeah. I would just like to say that when I was little, my grandmother, who apparently was a flapper, used to, if we, I was kind of a nudist when I was young, so I'd like get outta the bathtub and I would just run around the house. I thought it was really funny and it would like, everyone would yell and chase me. And it was a good way to get attention. And my grandmother, anytime I did something like that, my grandma would go, look at you. It's Gypsy RoseLee because she was a famous stripper. Oh Yeah. Yes. The musical G was about, she was a 1920s vaudeville star, turn stripper. And she was also the inspiration for the Broadway show. Gypsy. Fun fact.


Dee Dee didn't even know that. Oh, she just liked the name Gypsy Rose. No, She's lying. She doesn't even know that. She's like, oh, my stripper daughter. No, she didn't even know. She didn't even know. She just was like, those words go together. Well That, so that's like naming your daughter like Tawny on the pole. I mean, like that's a, that's a Strip stripper name mean, I just think on the Pole is a really beautiful on The, that is a gorgeous name. Little name on the pole. On the pole. Okay. So that's Deedee b Blanchard, our murder victim. Her daughter, gypsy Rose. Let me tell you a little bit about her. She was small, frail, and pale for a 19-year-old.


She wore big glasses, was confined, confined to a wheelchair, had a feeding tube, no hair was missing several teeth, and spoke with a childlike voice. Okay, I know. Hold on. So if you asked Deedee what was wrong with her daughter, she would list off lots of ailments. Chromosomal. Chromosomal, that is a word. Chromosomal defects. Muscular. I have those chromosome muscular, I don't know what that means, but okay. Chromosomal defects, muscular dystrophy, epilepsy, eye problems. And also Gypsy had leukemia as a toddler.


Okay. So many things. So Dee Deedee said that Gypsy had quote unquote the mind of a 7-year-old. And that's why she was homeschooled for her whole life. Because she would not thrive in a normal public school setting. I mean, that's all of us. Am I wrong? Yeah, I know. I'm like, who's well adjusted? Only Who thrives A Public school. Yeah. No one. So they were in Springfield, Missouri, and like everyone else around them in the neighborhood, Deedee and Gypsy's House had been built by Habitat for Humanity. It had amenities for Gypsy, such as a ramp up to the door, a ja a jacuzzi tub to help with gypsy's muscles. And this is a weird detail, since Gypsy was too sick to ever go out, Didi would project movies on the side of the house for other people in the neighborhood to come and see.


And then she would charge a small fee because she was like, it's cheaper than a multiplex. And, and then those that, that the proceeds would go to gypsy's treatments. She charged a small Fee for the movie, but the popcorn was still $14. She's like, it's still $5 Dasani. I hope that's okay. It's very worth it. It's very delicious water. Can I pay for that jacuzzi? 'cause that sounds fucking nice. Know. So, okay, so Deedee had told one of the neighbors, a woman named Amy p Amy. I don, I'm sorry guys. I'm like, can't speak. No. Okay. A woman named Amy Pinnegar that she and Gypsy moved from Louisiana to Springfield, Missouri.


Because back in Louisiana, Gypsy's grandfather would put cigarettes out on her. And that Gypsy's dad was no longer in the picture because he was an alcoholic disaster. So all of the neighbors felt terrible for them. Totally sympathized, empathized loved them and thought they were like the sweetest people they had ever met and wanted to do anything they could to help the family. Which is why Red Flag On June 14th, 2015, it was such a shock when a post went up under Didi and Gypsy's shared Facebook account. Oh, what? I mean, what do we do? What, what do we do? We're sharing Facebook. Fuck.


No. Disgusting. Get your own Red flags of get your goddamn Man problems. Yeah. Serious ones. Okay. So a, a post went up on the Facebook that was very alarming. It said The bitch is dead in all caps. Okay. Okay. So then friends, which bitch? Okay, friends began to comment, obviously they were like, we've never heard you talk like that gypsy. I guess they, they just assumed as gypsy. They're like, we've never heard you talk like that. Oh my God, you must have been hacked. Maybe we should call the police. As comments flooded the page, another post went up. Okay. It said, and I quote, I fucking slashed that fat pig and raped her sweet innocent daughter.


Her scream was so fucking loud. LOL. Anyways, so the police got a search warrant and they went in the house and they found Deedee Blanchard face down on her bed, covered in stab wounds and concluded that she'd been dead for several days. And Gypsy was missing. Okay? And all of the neighbors thought Gypsy was likely dead too, because without the care of her mother, how could she even function? Like she's so dependent on her mother's care, there's no way that she could survive on her own. Okay, but then remember our friend Amy Pinnegar, the, the neighbor. Well her daughter Aaliyah had some info. She was like a big sister to Gypsy.


But unfortunately they were rarely alone together as Gypsy's mother was always by her side and very overprotective. So when Gypsy wanted to have real talk and confide in Aaliyah, it was through a secret Facebook account under the name Emma Rose. And Aaliyah told the cops that Gypsy had met a guy named Nicholas Godejohn on a Christian single site. Quality men. I'm kidding. You probably are. There's so many things I want to talk about. Oh, I know. This case is so loaded. Like this is Insanely problematic episode. Yeah. Just every direction it is Problematic.


Okay. So she met Nicholas, God Dejan on a crystal. Si Crystal, sorry guys. On a crystal Metal Site. I had it like half a Red Bull vodka and I'm like, woo. Okay. Which, that's all I had on a Christian single site. She had been communicating with him for two years and was totally in love with him. Okay. So the police put a trace on those Facebook posts and the IP address linked to Nicholas go to John's house in Wisconsin. The police went there and it was a quick surrender. Nicholas came out of the house and Gypsy walked out after him. Not wheeled out but walked out. It's A miracle. What? Fuck so many bucks?


It's a Christmas miracle. It's a Christian dating site. Miracle Miracles, plenty of fish. Is That a thing? But those fish don't have feet because evolution ain't real. Not Real. Okay. Alright. So it turned out guys that in fact, gypsy hadn't used a wheelchair from the moment she left her house a few days earlier. She didn't need a fucking wheelchair. She could walk just fine. There was nothing wrong with her muscles. And she had no medication or oxygen tank. She's fine. Her head had simply been shaved all of her life to make her appear ill.


It was all a fraud. She told the police all of it every last bit. Her mother had made her do it. Deed Dee Blanchard had Munchhouse and by proxy. Oh Yeah, Everyone's favorite thing. A classic, classic disease. Just how Munchen, I wrote here best I wrote here. Munchhausen by Proxy is the cheaper clothing line by designer Proxy. Proxy is at Barney's. Munchhausen is at Kohl's. Jamie's cracking up at her own hilarious joke. Wait, do it. This is why we, this is why she was like, come have Jamie Lee.


And I was like, fuck yeah. We said Jamie Lee as a guest, She put on the shirt and you're like, ah, I don't know. I feel kind of sick. And the shirt is poisoning you Slowly. I feel like I wanna hurt my baby when I wear this. You Know, the shirt is making me up. Feel crazy. Does everyone know what Munch Hasen by proxy is? Oh, Okay. Don, for anyone who is listening, just a quick sentence. MVP is a mental health problem in which a caregiver makes up or causes illness in a person under his or her care. And it is a form of child abl child, God, I'm so sorry. Child abuse or elder abuse. Okay, so the couple posted to Facebook because Gypsy felt guilty and she wanted the police to find her mother's body sooner.


Gypsy was in the closet while Nicholas was stabbing her. And Gypsy also reportedly tried to clean up some of the blood with baby wipes after the killing. The cleanup. The cleanup of the blood is what I was gonna say yes is such a weird, like you're gonna kill someone. Why would you like cleaning it up is such a personal thing, right? Yeah. Like that means you're, you're caretaking. Yes. And Also with baby wipes, that's just Dumb. Oh yeah. So inefficient And And also it's stupid. I mean it's just stupid. It's stupid. A stupid, A stupid Idiot. I mean come on. We all know Brony is the Quicker Pick Drunk. That was a plug. She'll be at the Stress Factory in October. I don dunno why that makes You laugh.


Okay. Right. So, okay, so sentencing, Nick got DeJohn is still awaiting a trial, but Gypsy pled guilty to second degree murder as Nick is the one who did the stabbing. Did he admit to that? Do we know if he's right here? Yeah, he did. No, he did. He admitted to it. Yeah. And she is eligible for parole in seven years. And here she Rolls out then stands up. Oh my God. My favorite Munch house. Oh my God. Oh my God. She's like Gene Wilder and Willy Wonka.


She just like does a flip. She's like just fucking with you. Sing. I have a chocolate fountain. So, okay, so just to clue, you guys in Gypsy had been texting with Nicholas for years. They had been communicating through this like secret account. And the crazy thing is, Nick had no history of violence. The only thing he did have on his record was he was caught masturbating in McDonald's in 2013. So we all do. It's no big deal. I I get It. Those fries make me horny too. That's never been caught. It's that the only difference, you know, I Don comes back, oh wait, go ahead, go ahead. It's a reason to celebrate the McRay.


I actually, I just wanna say, I don't know if he was masturbating, but he was definitely watching porn in McDonald's. Sorry, what's this? It's Very different. It's almost worse. Yeah, you're not, you're just like, this is my chosen entertainment. It's like, finish the job Nick. Anyways, so how Didi scam everybody for so long? It's pretty interesting. People are stupid. Yeah. I mean seriously. DEI did work for a little bit as a nurse's aide. So she had a knack for remembering medical terminology and spitting it back. Not only does she fool doctors though, she also fooled charities. They got free flights from a volunteer.


Volunteer fuck violent. What is happening to my mouth and my brain? No, this is normal Volunteer. This Is how we do pilots organization. They also stayed at a lodge for cancer patients. And I don't know what that is. Ronald McDonald, I don't know, it's like a lodge. And then also got free trips to Disney World. Oh, here's where it gets fucking real dark guys. The abuse that gypsy incurred over her life, here are some of the things her mother made her do. Her mother had her salivary glands injected with Botox, then removed them because her mother complained that she drool too much. She also had her eyes operated on because of quote unquote weakness.


She had a feeding tube implanted. And the reason that she was missing teeth was because her mother made her take seizure medication and it made her teeth fall out that she didn't need that. She didn't need, she didn't need anything. She's perfectly healthy. Oh. So there were two instances. Well there was probably more than two instances, but there were two that I researched of doctors being like, what's going on here? But then nothing came to fruition, which is very sad. In 2007, a pediatric neurologist named Dr. Stein asked Gypsy to stand up and she did with no problem. And then he told Deedee like, oh she should be walking. But then he didn't report it as abuse, but he was suspicious. And now he's apparently like very mad at himself for never reporting it.


'cause he was kind of onto it. Damn you plaster scene he says every night. Yeah. He can't lick himself in the Plaster Was plaster scene flustered. Fluster. Okay, stop talking Jamie, but keep talking. Finish the story. Keep talking, Jamie. Okay. In 2009, someone made an anonymous call to the Springfield Police Department to do a quote unquote wellness check on Gypsy where the police said, oh, so the police went to the house and they spoke to deedee and they're like, why are there so many different names and addresses for you and Gypsy? Because they, Deedee would frequently change her first name, her last name. I think it was like, I read something where it was like, sometimes she'd be like Claudine and then she'd be like, Dee.


And then she was Deedee. Like she was always kind of making these small tweaks to her first and last name. I feel Like that call was coming from inside the house. Yeah. And, and Dee Dee said that the reason she did that was because she was trying to avoid an abusive ex-husband. More on that in just a minute, Deedee changed her. Oh, I already said that. Okay, cool. So this is, what else is, this is fucking crazy. So when Gypsy went to prison, she told the police she was only 19, but she was actually 23. Yeah. Okay. So she didn't know her own age because of her mother's disgusting brainwashing. Okay. Also Gypsy's father, his name's Rod. Rod was not a psycho alcoholic deadbeat.


He always sent $1,200 a month in child support from Gypsy and visited on occasion. He had his own family and he still was like in touch with them and trying to help them. I didn't write this down, so I just wanna say for Corrections Corner there might be some corrections. Yeah. But so Rod impregnated Didi really when he was only, I believe 17 years old and she was like 24 mean on a Christian side. And so he just, he was just like, I like don't love you, I'm sorry, and I'm sorry I got you pregnant. And like, it was just kind of this mistake. And then sh they ended up breaking up and then she ended up having the baby and like he moved on and had his own family. But he still was like paying for her.


Yeah. Like he wasn't, not assuming responsibility. I don't fully know the ins and outs of Rod and the relationship with the family, but I do know that financially he was paying what he needed to pay. Wow. Cool. So this is where it gets, this is actually how it kind of becomes, there's a sort of a nice ending to this story. Oh. Oh, that's fine. Oh yeah. I mean, relatively speaking. Don't cream your pants. Hold on. You so gypsy. I know, I, I've never said that out loud and I just did. Now it's first time for everything. So Gypsy in prison is actually, she claims that she is feeling freer than she ever did under her mother's care.


And you dude, you're not fucking in a wheelchair for Yeah, she does. Yeah. Your mom's not standing behind you all the time. Yeah, right. Pulling her fucking, so Michelle Dean is a journalist and she wrote this really amazing article about this story for Buzzfeed. And she went to visit Gypsy in prison and said that she speaks beautifully. She is very eloquent. She's not quote unquote slow in the least. And this was a quote from, well I guess Gypsy told this to Michelle. Michelle said she wants people to know that this wasn't a situation where a girl killed her mom to be with her boyfriend. This was a situation of a girl trying to escape abuse in prison. She's hoping to join all sorts of programs and to help people.


She wants to write a book to help others in her situation. This, it's called Orange is the New Black. Yeah. And then this is the last quote from Gypsy. I think she referring to Deedee, her mom. I think she would've been the perfect mom for someone that was actually sick, but I'm not sick. Oh, there's that big difference. Believe it. I mean, can I just tell you one last thing? Please do. So I, I just started looking, I try, I tried to find like YouTube clips of different neighbors and stuff being like outraged. And one woman had like one of those like Nancy Grace level, like thick accents where she's like, oh my God. You know, she literally, because all the neighbors were so blindsided, they were like, what?


What's happening? She's not sick. I thought this girl was sick. And then one of the girls goes, her name is not Blanchard, it's Blanchard. She added the E. She Just wants her movie Night Money Back. I feel Like. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. That's a woman who paid too much for the neighborhood movie. That's hilarious. That was great. Jamie. Jamie. Awesome. Jamie. Thanks guys. She nailed that shit. One more time for Jamie Lee. Everybody. Yeah. Love you. I Love you. You guys. You know we're gonna say now stay sexy. Don't, Okay, we're back.


And of course you know this story well at this point We all do. Yeah. So here we'll give updates together. Gypsy Rose served eight years in prison. She was released in December of 2023. And then she went on a media tour sharing her experience with the world. There's been backlash for her social media presence. It's a whole conversation that of course everybody on every side of the true crime audience has an opinion about Gypsy. Ended up deleting her social media accounts at the recommendation of her parole officer, which I think is good for everyone. If you could please listen to your parole officer. Yeah. And just get off the internet. You're gonna listen smarter to anyone. Don't let it be the internet.


Let it be your parole officer. Unless your parole officer is an influencer. Oh God. Could you imagine? No. My God, I think we're all rooting for her to like live a nice happy life, right? Yes. That's kind of the consensus. And she is living a much quieter life. And on December 28th, 2024, which is the anniversary of her prison release, gypsy welcomed her daughter Aurora, her first child with her boyfriend Ken Ker. So congratulations to her. Nice. Also, the writer who wrote the buzzfeed article about Gypsy Rose, a woman named Michelle Dean. And since that reporting, she became the co-creator, producer, and the writer of the first season of Hulu's the Act. Hell yeah. Which is the Patricia Arquette as Dee Blanchard, Joey King as Gypsy Limited series.


So that's very cool. So Awesome. We love to hear that. That show was so good. Patricia Arquette. Are you fucking kidding me? Like the greatest legend. Congratulations or Great job, Michelle. Yeah, Great job. You killed it. And then let's see this episode. Oh, so now we can talk about what we would name it. If we could even think of a better name than Live at the Bell House. I don't Know. No, I mean, it just says everything you need to know. But if we were naming it today based on something from the episode, perhaps we'd call it, I think this is something that you have always loved wireless. Janet Jackson. Mikes obsessed. It's your dream. That's My favorite thing. You know, a lot of people have vision boards and they have like houses And you know France, not me, I just have Janet Jackson from the control tour.


That's Someday. This is all nineties electronics and like there's a fucking, there's a disc man and there's a fucking headphone. And what else? Is there a mood ring for some reason? Yep. There's a really short black jean jacket. We're doing this. Oh, also I say at the end, which is so perfect. It's like talking about that the dawning awareness of what we're doing and how we're doing it is, I actually say at the end of the show, this show is so problematic. Which is really funny. You know, I think it's because we're, we were slowly doing it in front of people and realizing that the reactions were so different than not having any And you or Steven in the apartment, You know?


Yes. We're like, oh, that there is. Yeah. There's actually like, this sounds like something, you know, I talk about with my sister all the time. It's like the way we grew up, especially me, the youngest in a seventies family where latchkey kids and no one was paying attention. I just never thought I was being heard, ever. Right. I never thought I was being listened to what I said, didn't matter what I did, didn't matter. I could say whatever You wanted, You can say and who's, who's gonna pay attention? And then you get into who's paying attention. They're like, right, whatever. Where you're like, oh, I, that's not what we're trying to do. Well, maybe that's Why you just started. Standup comedy is so fucking, you could be under a spotlight and people would listen to you. Finally. Finally, it worked. You did it. And we did it. I did it.


Yay. Thank you guys. We did it. You did it too. Thank you guys for listening to this episode of Rewind. We appreciate you. Yes, we do. And stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.