
This is exactly right.


Think an EV can't fit your family, your gear and your sanity. Think again. The Hyundai Ionic nine is Hyundai's first three row all electric SUV. So yes, you finally get space and an ev. It has class leading interior space, purposeful tech, and the rear wheel drive. S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge actual range will vary. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


If you've got a million tabs open in your brain at all times, you don't need a wireless service that slows you down Visible, gives you unlimited data and a fast, reliable connection so you can keep scrolling until your fingers fall off. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data and hotspots so you can stay connected on the Go. Ready for wireless that lets you live in the know. Make The switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month for Their best features. Get the new Visible plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Hello And welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. And if you celebrate Merry Freaking Christmas. Oh Hi. Merry Christmas. What'd you get? This is our new Wednesday episode where we recap our old episodes. We give you case updates. We talk about what we'd wish we'd talked about the first time around the whole shebang. And today we're recapping episode 25, which came out on Thursday, July 14th, 2016, which we named Twenty Knives.


It's just a nice rhyme instead Of 25. Sure. Twenty Knives. Twenty Knives. Yeah. That doesn't make any sense. It's Just a rhyme. Like it's so aash and ncy. Russell 20 Fives. Okay. I guess. I mean, okay. Look, Listen. Okay. Let's listen to how we started that episode. Here we go. Did it start? Hi, Karen Georgia. Hi. How are you? Pretty good. How are and yourself. Thank you. Good. Now we've never met before. Is that correct? One person. This whole podcast has been over the phone, right? Yep.


But Now you and I are legally married so you can enter the country. I'm So excited to not have to be Canadian anymore. It's such a disgusting place. Kidding. But we have to like, we have to fake our mar our green card marriage to the authorities too. That's right. So you're gonna have to know a lot about me. Who's my third grade teacher. You like, What'd you Say? Who's my third grade teacher? Oh, Mrs. Bacon. Yes. Sorry, go on. No, I, let's do more green card testing. I like it. That's a really funny thing is like if you, you're not a true friend unless you memorize someone else's green card information so that you could pass a green card test.


Would you green card marry someone? It depends on the situation. Yeah. If you, if you're like, you're cool. I, I feel like that's, I did that already And you didn't even get anything outta it. You got some nice China. I really think that, that China's has gone untouched and can be negotiated for. Comes in a hutch, full set of gorgeous, totally untouched yet probably slightly cursed, cursed wedding China. I think this time around I'm gonna go for actually someone that I like and likes who likes me back. Yeah. I think it'll be better. I don't even think love needs to factor into it.


I think I kick over just high school crush style enjoyment of another person. Yeah. Just I feel like the, like this is the mantra. Stoked to be around. Like you don't have to love them. You should be stoked to be around them. I mean, what's the difference? That's a a good point. Valid. I mean it's, that all works out in the end, right? You just kind of end up with somebody. Yeah. Does that sound? Yeah. And try to remain stoked. Yeah. And try to try to be your best stok person for them. Make sure you increase your stok ability. Yeah. So you're not like resisting it. Don't Even increase it. Just like make sure your stok ability is like on an even plane at all times.


Like not at all times. 'cause you can today I fucking lost my shit and cried and was like probably not The stoke ist person in the world. Yeah. I don't who would want that all the time to be Around. Yeah. Plus I like so cute when I cry. You really looked great when you answered the door. All mad. My eyes get bright green. Yeah. So do mine. Yeah. I look like that one alien lady from Star Trek when I cry. Oh. Where? It's like legitimate. It legitimately scares people. 'cause my eyes turn red in one instant. Yeah. And it's, I kind of look like fire starter a little Bit. Also, you light fires because you just get so angry. Can I tell you who I'm stoked on right now? Please.


This is gonna go into, I'm not sure if this is Celebrity center or our new segment called recommendations. Wait, did we call the, did we call that anything before when we talked about TV shows we like No, Let's just call it check this shit. Check This ship banner. Boom. The new HBO series the night of Oh is so good. So Good. And I am so intensely in love. Oh my God. With Riz Ahmed. How? Who's the lead guy? How is He so cute? It's because his eyes are unnaturally large. Oh, and he uses them against you. Yes. Like He is a trickster. Like he Yeah.


But he looks so innocent in this. I know. And sweet. And like what Was he in before this? Sad? He was in Night Crawler. He was right assistant in night crawler. And he's been in, he's been in a bunch of stuff. He was like in that Centurion movie with Michael Fastbender. Like, Shit. You're just like, Oh yeah. That guy was in that The one guy. Yes. He was the one guy. Well, he often plays a Middle Eastern person. So it's that because he's Pakistani. Right. And so like, he was in the reluctant fundamentalist, I believe it was called with Ray Donovan. Mm. You know, it's, and he's British. That's the most amazing British Stop it.


So it's one, it's one episode. And that was like in the, and it was like a pre pre-show of it. Yeah. It was was a sneak preview. We Don't even get the second episode. And what's this? Isn't It tonight? Someone told me it was tonight. Someone Told me that they're showing the actual first episode tonight. So Reshowing the one we've already seen. Yeah. Which is stupid. So maybe not. I'll watch it. Fuck. It's so good. It's about, it's like a play. It's like a play. It's about a dude who basically finds, let's say he finds a body, let's just say And why explain it And go watch it. Yeah. Because, because once you get into it, see, like when I saw the previews, I thought I knew what it was.


Right. And then once I watched it, I was like, oh, this reminds me of the way the wire felt. It's A who done it? Yeah. And John, it's like a, who done it with John Terro? What more do you fucking need in your life? But also all those actors, like that guy that played the one cop with the mustache at the station is from Angels in America. Oh. Like there's all these Broadway and like, very high level, but not like super commercially known actors in there. I So it all feels really real. It does Feel. I I like that. So the main cop really, it's the procedural shit is interesting because the way they talk him into getting a DNA sample from him and then casually say, we also need to swab your dick, bro.


Yeah. Was like, it seems so realistic. It's horrifying. It's Just horrifying. Yeah. And they're like, why do you need a lawyer Casualty of it all? Let's not give too much away. All right. Get into it. You, you, it's, you'll you'll thank us. Get into it. Come back to us. Let us know what you think. Also keep your eye peel for Ed, who will be one of the stars of the next Star Wars movie. Mm. He's just an up and comer. He's, he's a fresh young face that will be mine, says Karen Kilgar. Then that's Karen k Gareth's take. That's like, that's like the, like the movie review on like entertainment tonight.


And that's Karen Kill Gareth's. Take da. Yeah, That part's over. Wait, didn't you have a recommendation? I think that was it. Wait, we had the same one. No. Yes. But we were also talking about Bloodline and how you said it. What were you saying about Florida? I can't wa I couldn't watch it for, I wa I tried to like binge watch it, but I started getting high on Florida where I was feeling dizzy. It was all those like beautiful slightly outta focus shots of the beach. And like when all the Christmas lights go, it looks like the beginning of the fo focus features title card. That's what that whole TV show's. Like It's also like you're, it's like, it's like 102 plus all the humidity.


Yes. I, you know. And then what's her name? The sister Linda Cardini. Thank you. Like I knew you'd know that I, yeah. I'm a fan. Like her outfits for a lawyer are, fuck are you fucking kidding me? Like you, you mean like her very skimpy sundress in all She wears situations. She wears these skimpy as fuck shorts and these like platform like Payless. And I'm not talking shit on Payless. 'cause I fucking wear the shit outta Paolo's shoes. But you can't go into a court of law. I would dress like that. You'd be held in contempt. Girl. That's Florida. Yeah. There. It's a lot. It's, and her hair is always so perfect. I know. I'm lady shaming right now.


Well It's a TV show And Kevin is just the most realistic character in all in the whole show. The Boat. Is that the fuck up brother? That's The fuck up brother. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. We had one of those in my family. Fuck up brothers. Like, no matter what happened when they were coming back into town, it was like, oh, everybody get ready. That's Why I'm scared to have kids. Like, what if you have the fuck up kid? Yeah. Oh, speaking of which, it's not one in four. Every four people's a sociopaths. Let's do, this is Corrections corner. Corrections Corner. Because I was about to say you had a one in four chance I was about to repeat my same incorrect information. That's what I'm gonna give you. Correct Me. And someone I believe off of memory was named Clint Page on the Facebook page who said, I don't wanna be a corrected person, but it is not one in four.


And then all these other people were like, it is, I think they were saying it's 25%. Right. It's like one, it's like, hey, so next week look for next week's correction corner where we Correct. We're saying right now it does matter. There's some, there're also so there, so one in, there's one in four people are not psychopaths. It's like one in, it's not a percent. I don't know. It's not one in four. It it is not one in four. No, that's way too high. That's way too low. That's way too many. Yeah, Too many. Also, we got a really beautiful email just letting us know. So last week I did Kitty Geneve c as my favorite murder.


And also, did you say Kidney Genovese? The Kidney Genevese? No. 'cause that was sad. 'cause I think she got stabbed into the kidneys. No. So Karen, that's really, I didn't insensitive, I misheard That she might've, it's probable that she was a lesbian. Yeah. They talk about that in the crime to remember episode. Right. And it's not, You know, this real, this girl, this girl wrote a really beautiful email to us about how it's like she's not trying to correct us. And it, you know, it's not, it's just a part of it that's like not fair that she didn't get it to be represented. And as how she was, and this girl who had to pretend to be her roommate, you know, actually had a huge loss of her partner. Yeah. And how sad that was. And you know, now we're in a time when we can, we can say that she was a lesbian and not it not be like, somehow taint the tragedy of what happened.


Well, in that episode of Crime to remember, they talk about their, their gay relationship as being also why people weren't calling the cops. Because they said there were other gay people in that building that knew like, you don't involve the cops no matter what. Whoa. That was part of the element. But when you were talking about it because it was from the brother's perspective. Yeah. I wasn't gonna be like, well, and also this because it's like, if it wasn't in the movie or if he didn't talk about it, maybe they didn't. Well, Here's the thing. I didn't finish it because my fucking computer wouldn't upload it. So that could be the whole second part of the goddamn shit show. Oh, Okay. Show. Okay. That's, yeah. Well if everybody gets, I mean, that's awesome that somebody wrote in. And if you get a chance, the, the a Crime to Remember episode about it is, is really good too.


We always close what They were the ones that that thought that that guy did not do it. That got caught. Right. There was a neighbor. Yeah. We, we always close Correction Corner, which we've never done before with saying, if you're getting your facts from here, like look, look somewhere else, bro. Right. We are, we like to discuss concepts more than Facts. Yes. And fantasies also. Yes. More than facts. Like there's a reason that this podcast is categorized as comedy And not Yeah. Very. A pretty good reason. Yeah. It's not drama, It's because we're fucking hilarious. It's nothing Vince, not fact based. We do our best. But there's so much talking that it's very easy to, Right.


Oh, I guess what I did, what guess why I didn't fit a fucking manic episode last night? What started an Instagram account. Oh, nice. I saw you tweet that. Right. Yeah. And my favorite murder Instagram account. And what Are you putting on there? All our arts. I think all, Yeah, all the arts and crafts and all the like, I just love all the like the inspirational quotes. Yes. Of every episode that are made by she, Amanda, she does an incredible job of just like finding the stupidest quotes we put and like making them into like these like great posters, Truly inspirational looking posters. But it's things like, I hope we don't get stabbed. Right. To don't bride in A group.


Be fucking lunatic. It's very good. So There's a lot of art that people are making that I'm posting. And Wait, are you talking about the memes or are you talking about that girl that does like hand lettering? Both. Oh, okay. I put them both up. Got it. So I'm just gonna post, I'm gonna post things and stuff related to the podcast. That's good. We can also do pictures. Like, remember that time that I did that? There was that terrible man. Oh, he was one of the, he was in the story about the babysitter killer. Oh yeah. And he had the craziest, scariest looking mugshot of all time. Go to Instagram to see his photo. Yeah. Okay, we're back. This is where we started with a lot of beautiful things.


Our obsession with Ed. Ugh, our fucking Instagram account. I mean, things that really made us, built us as people and podcasters. Truly. Yeah. Truly that. If you have not seen the HBO series the Night of Oh so good. It is one of the most incredible false imprisonment stories. Incredible. And he's such a good actor, as we all know. He is This, this says he's gonna be Hamlet upcoming modern adaptation of Hamlet. Yeah. Well, he's gonna be in it. Is he gonna be Hamlet who Says he's going to be Hamlet? He's gonna be Hamlet. Congratulations. What a role. Do you know that somebody, and I wish I had your name right now, I'm so sorry, but it is in my drawer, in my bedside table.


Somebody embroidered that little bag. Do you remember that? They gave it to me at a live show and it said it's embroidered Ed's face and my face. And then it's the quote I have that it's like some insane quote I said, where it's like, it's something crazy. You have To take a photo of it and send it. We'll post it on our Instagram account, which is at my favorite murder, which is still going strong. Yeah, that's right. You know what, I'm gonna take it outta that drawer. Do it. I'm gonna bring it. I'm gonna put it on the shelf behind me. Yes. Alejandra. Make her do it. So Can you help me do That and give her credit? It Says something like, I love him. Like, you know, with the Power of a Thousand Sons. Yeah. Or something. That sounds right. Something real crazy that when someone embroiders it, you start to realize how insane you sound. And you try to stop saying stuff like that, But you don't.


And eight and a half years later, here you are. Try as you might. So this episode is, it starts heavy and then it gets really bad. Yeah. You'd think we would've learned at some point, not just in the most recent past to do a hard one and a soft one, but No. Nope. This is the way we do it. And apparently this is the way the listeners like it. So Sure. This is Georgia. She went first on this episode. It's the case of Murderer Christopher Dorner. This is a rough one.


You know that feeling where you don't wanna cook ever again for your entire life. If You're not interested in cooking, but you are interested in eating dinner, Hungry Root has you covered. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped in one. They'll take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored just for You. When you tell them about your goals and preferences, they fill your cart with personalized recommendations. And those recommendations get smarter as Hungry Root learns more about what you did or didn't like. Most of Hungry Root recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less. I got a big old box of Hungry Root groceries. Some of it was to make these really quick, delicious meals. Some of it was already prepared meals like breakfast, I just need to grab and go. My brain won't work if I can't do that. And then also some really delicious groceries just to have on hand and snack and cook. And I mean, it really is like having a nutritionist who's your personal shopper and just delivers delicious, gorgeous food to you. It's a really great service. You're Gonna love Hungry Root. Take advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time. Get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungry Root dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. That's Hungry Root dot com slash mfm code MFM to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry Root dot com slash mfm. Code MFM Goodbye.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris. The cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap. Or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first. All of electric SUV with three rows. Finally, space, even in an ev, the IION nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful Iion nine rear wheel drive S Trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC Ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a Mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay after pay and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster with squarespace's builtin SEO tools. With meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher and search results globally. Go To squarespace.com/murder for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


I think you're first This week. Okay. Right as right as you got perfectly comfortable. That's so Comfortable just now. I waited till you adjusted that pillow. All right. So I didn't know that I have, I have a hometown murder, but it took place 15 years after I moved away from my hometown. Mm. So is it technically my hometown? Yeah. If that's where you're from. So we got this really great email from this dude who was like, I've heard you mention you're from Irvine And that you worked in the Woodbridge Village Center at this place where I could have been killed. And we're like, I just want you to know we're redoing it.


And if you come and like visit it, I'll take you to the parking, the parking garage where Christopher Doer's killing Spree started. Whoa. And I was, and he's like, which I'm sure you know about. And I was like, wait, what do you know about this? I know about Christopher Doerner. Yeah. So I do too. But, and this happened in 2013, which is like not that long ago, which seems like it seems like so much longer ago. And I didn't realize it started in Irvine. I didn't either. Yeah. So in February, 2013, Christopher Dorner, who was 33, started his killing spree that lasted I think two days, couple days, A few days.


Like a week. What his life. So he grew up in Southern California. He was a former United States Navy Reserve officer. He was deployed to BA Harran. He was discharged from the Navy in 2013. I think it's Bahrain. Bahrain. I just, that's a guess though. I could also be Wrong. As I was saying it, I was like, I'm not gonna be like a Fox News correspondent who says everything wrong. And so I like said it wrong. Sorry. No, don't. Sorry, me. Sorry. Okay. So after his tour in Iraq, it's I rock, right?


Where is it? Iraq, I pull that a out way longer. Aroc Aroc Aroc. He, he goes to Los Angeles. He, he goes back to the police department in 27. In 2007, he's paired with a training officer named Theresa Evans to complete his probationary training. In 2008, he files a report against her. Oh. That she used excessive force in her treatment of a suspect who was a schizophrenic with severe dementia. And he says that Evans twice kicked this suspect in the face while he was handcuffed and lying on the ground.


No. So after he files this report, Dorner gets fired from the LAPD in 2008 from making false statements. Oh. They were like, you're fucking lying. Basically. And his attorney at the hearing is Randall Quan, QUAN. And he's like defending Dorner saying that he was unf he was treated unfairly and he's being made a scapegoat basically, you know, saying the police department didn't wanna admit that she used excessive force. So they fired him instead. Wow. 'cause you're not, basically, you're not allowed to rat out your fellow officer. That's what it seems like. Dorner assumed.


So he tries to get his job back with the LAPD's Board of Rights, rejected his appeal. He took his case to court with Randall Quan as his attorney and a judge ruled against it in October, 2011. Hmm. So doer's like basically snaps at this point. So the, the murders start weirdly enough with the murder of this Randall Quan's daughter and her fiance Oh. In Irvine in a parking structure, which I was just looking up and I'm pretty sure it's where my dad's apartment was. No, yeah. Which is across like They lived in the same place. Yeah, I think so.


So I think it happened across the street from where I grew up. Wow. Where my dad lived. 'cause I don't even know. So February 3rd, 2013, he just fucking cove up to them. They're in their car in a parking garage and shoots them. And like I remember that coming out in the news and it, and finding out who the father was and being like, oh shit, this is like, you could tell it was a re a revenge killing immediately. And it's just such a fucking huge bummer that this girl and her 27-year-old fiance named Keith Lawrence just got shot to death because this guy went crazy.


So immediately you have no sympathy for this dude. So this is his public defender that he basically, or maybe not public defender, but this is his lawyer for that case. Yeah. Who they lost the case and he didn't get his job back. Yeah. And so he went and killed that. Yeah. That lawyer's daughter and fiance. And he had this crazy manifesto, basic, basically saying, basically saying that he didn't fight hard enough. He says, your lack of ethics and conspiring to wrong, a just individual are over suppressing the truth will leave the deadly consequences for you and your family. There will be an element of surprise where you work live, eat and sleep. Look, look your wives slash husbands and surviving children directly in the face and tell them the truth as to why your children are dead Because you killed them.


Just, I mean, and the don't kill the judge, not the fucking lawyer's family. I'm sorry. Right. That Someone's gonna Oh, we don't have to pick. Okay. You're right. You know what? Don't kill anyone. A. Yeah. I think that's the option B. Alright, great. I'm gonna get hate send your send messages. Look To character trying to solve the problem, which would be don't kill the family. Right. But Yeah. Right. So Monica Kwan and Keith Lawrence fucking shot to death. So he has this crazy manifesto. He wants to seek revenge and he just like writes this insane, I will bring unconventional, unconventional and asymmetrical warfare to those in the LAPD uniform, whether on or off duty like this motherfucker is.


Like He's on one, He's targeting a large group of people rather than, you know, individuals, which is terrifying. He says he was terminated after re reported excess force. And his and his attacks are retribution for his termination as well as cultural racism and violence that continues within the department. So while search, so suddenly this huge manhunt is on for Dorner police shoot two. So police suddenly just start shooting people. Yes. Because they're freaking this part, they're freaking the fuck out. Yeah. So there's a truck that, that the cops thought was his truck. They shot the shit out of it.


Yeah. That's, those were the two women delivering the newspaper. Yeah. And they just started shooting a truck. Yeah. And if you, there's photos online of like how many fucking shots are in this truck. They also shotted another pickup truck matching this description of like a dude who was like on his way to go surfing in fucking orange count or like, And they shot it up, They shot the shit out of this track. Both, all, everyone lived. But they also sued the shit out of, You know. Yeah, Yeah, they did. Yeah. Yeah. But at the same time, I'm, I'm pissed about that, but I'm also like how terrifying. I mean, what, which is, which is better? Well, I mean this is the kind of the crux of everything that's happening. Right nows it's likes, if you are, it is a high pressure job.


It is a scary job. And it's the kind of job where you have to be able to handle, handle yourself with a gun. Right. So if you think that basically you can't start shooting vehicles 'cause you think your suspect is inside. No. That's not the way you're allowed to apprehend people. And the other thing too is like as a police officer, there's, there's an an amount of danger involved with your job that you sign up for. Yeah. So you approaching the vehicle and IDing the suspect and possibly getting killed by doing that is what's supposed to happen. Not the possibility of civilians getting killed. Right?


Yes. And I mean, and that's why there's procedures so that when you approach that vehicle, you're calling in. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, it's like, did they yell, put your hands outside of the vehicle. Right. And those two wo two women, they didn't get close enough to see it was two women. They didn't get close enough to see that they didn't speak English. Yeah. I don't know what the problem was. I dunno the details about it, but like, it doesn't make sense that you just, It was also a lar he joiner was a large black fan and he, they shot up two women and like a white guy who was a surfer. Yeah. So like, clearly panic. They weren't Yeah. They weren't doing enough research into this. So they find his trek abandoned and burning near Big Bear.


And I remember this at this point, I was like, fuck, thank God he is not in Los Angeles. Like, I totally didn't leave the house. Yep. And then two of Riverside's officers were shot in an ambush. One died, the other one was taken to the hospital. And then they believe he, they, they believe he just drove up to the vehicle and at a stoplight and fired with a rifle at these two dudes, 34-year-old Michael Crane, who was on the fucking Riverside force for 11 years, died. They searched at least 400 homes in the area. Terrifying. Do you think they found anything in certain people's houses? They were like, we'll be back for this. Yeah. You're a weird sex swing in the corner. Yeah. This meth lab. We'll be back for this. Oh yeah. Right now today's Your lucky date.


Yeah. It's not That, But We're watching you, but we'll be back tomorrow. We'll be your unlucky day. Right, Right, right, right, right. So the Manhattan enters the second week, so it's two weeks. And then Karen and James Reynolds are cleaning out their big bear cabin that they own and rented out not far from the command center when they were confronted by Dorner who had been living there for a couple days. Oh. So he broke into their an empty bear, big bear cabin. Yeah. I also wanna talk to Karen and James about why they're cleaning out their cabin at a time when there's a massive manhunt for like, Oh, that's not gonna affect us. We'll just go up there and grab that wood bear toilet paper dispenser.


You know, my Aunt Susie's coming up for the weekend And you know how she gets about dust bunnies? We have Why are they, why are they southern? It's fun. That's how people know we've gone into a scene lit. Oh, okay. Okay. Which is our newest segment. Scene lit. Scene lit. So Karen and James, but they're kind of bad asses because they were tied up and blindfold blindfolded. He took the keys to their maroon Nissan Rouge. Didn't know that was a car. Well, I, I don't think it is anymore. It Probably isn't 'cause of this Discontinued. But He, he kind of was like, he said to them like, I don't wanna kill you. Fuckers. Like he, he wasn't trying to kill civilians. Oh. Except for the lawyers.


I think he thought like, No, he had his kill lists. Yeah. He wasn't just going berserk. Yeah. Okay. He didn't wanna kill this dude. These, this, this couple. He just had, You know, he could have shot them and it would've been and like, taken whatever he wanted and lived there. He could have shot them and stayed there and he didn't. Right. Not defending him. Just saying. Yeah. So they used their teeth and a knife. They knocked off a nearby table to remove the pillowcases from their heads and zip ties from their wrist. And then called 9 1 1. Fuck. Oh shit. Dude, Karen and who, what's her husband's name? Richard Georgia That We're the heroes. Karen James Reynolds.


So these, I mean, who escape escaped zip ties on the re It's Ryan Reynolds' parents. That's why they're so awesome. Right. So let's see here. The, okay. They spotted him driving. Wait, sorry. This was in what season is it? Is, is there snow up there? Oh, is it summertime? This Is December, right? What did I say? Sorry. October. Karen, I mean you're really Sorry. Fucking, I'm trying to paint a pi a mental picture in my mind. Your quiz, your quizzes every week. You quiz me of that. No. What Season was it and What was he wearing underneath his coat? So this started in February. So, So there was probably snow mid Ish February?


Yes. It was probably cold. Okay. Why? Because I love Big Bear. It's fun. Have you ever gone like inner tubing up there? No, But I need to The best. You mean like when you like hang out in an inner tube and drink beer and wander around the, or like when you Well that would be on a river. Okay. Is what you're thinking of. Right? Yeah. That's summertime. But in the wintertime in Big Bear, yeah. They have mountains just off the side of the road And you can rent inner tubes. Yes. And then you go up a little like cloth escalator up the side of the snowy mountain. Get up on the top. There's like a teen there with a whistle or whatever. Yeah. And then you just go down and it is the most fun. If you're following an Instagram account, you will see a photo of me at five years old Inner Tube in Big Bear.


Yes. Moving on. Going down them Snowy Hill. Nice. My Dad lived in La Carra head for a hot minutes. You have a photo. Let's post our fucking tubing. Photos. Let's give the people what they want. Instagram, inner tubing, photos, Murder and tubing. I might just put up a pic, just a picture of an inner tube and just a celebration of inner tubes because they really Summer, winter, fall. What a great vehicle for fun. Cubes. The inner tubes. Tubes. Tubes cubes ching. Sorry. No, don't never be. Oh wait, where was I? Karen and Richard have just escaped from the clutches of Oh my God.


Then they find a purple car. 'cause how many purple Nissans are there on the roads? Probably not a lot. Purple Nissan Rouge. I feel Like that was his besides killing people. His biggest mistake. Yeah. Don't get into a purple car. Don't get into a purple Car. What do you fucking guy Fii? Get outta that car. Don't, this is not the time to floss. Yeah. Yeah. This is not the time to be quirky in your car. Escapism means a beige or white car. That's, that's exactly right. Right. How about a nice gold Corolla? No one will ever look at you gold. That's a little flashy. Yeah. You, well not like bright gold, but you know, like a kind of muted, A muted gold.


A bronze Muted tones a bronze. But you know what, a light blue The car I drive. So boring. Yes, That's right. Light blue. I hate it. It's, I want a car that, like, I walk into a parking garage such as the one that these poor people got killed in. Yes. And I'm be like, that's my orange car over there. You do want that? Yes. You do want an orange car? Yes. Okay. I really Want an orange car. What, can you gimme an example of an orange car? There's A lot of Honda fits that are orange. Oh yes. Right. It's, it's, would you say it's a little more copper than like say a clown? It's A burnt orange. Great. And I love it. That's what I'm looking for is not clown orange. Good. Okay. Can I go on?


No. Also, well how do you feel about dark blue? Electric blue? I'm cool With, okay, cool. Cool, cool. Cool. Dark blue. Cool, cool, cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Elvis, you Cool? Oh cool. Okay. Let's see. They find, they spot his car. He's haing two school buses for cover. So a purple car is tailing two school buses. You mean like to hide behind them? Yeah, like To just be like, I'm inconspicuous. Oh yeah. No, Don't do that. Gun be ensues. He crashes and, and he runs and quickly hijacks, carjacks a pickup truck again saying to the dude, I don't wanna kill you.


Get the fuck outta the car. Like not gonna kill. Yeah. Innocent civilian. Nice. Or like un not innocent, but un Involved, Involved. Civilians goes to a Obviously not innocent. Are you just worried that maybe I'm saying I'm drunk. Driver Was a douche. I'm saying, I'm just saying that those people are, are innocent. Oh Yeah. Yeah. The people like, they're not Involved but they're not involved. So I don't say they're not innocent. They're innocent too. Got it. Da da da. This dude Collins shows up at the, at the big bear cabin where he's at the first there. Wanna know where he gets shot? Wait, wait, wait. Who's Collins? Collins Is this cop, this San Bernardino police officer deputy who gets to the cabin where Doen has run into after his, he crashes his pickup truck.


Okay, got it. He makes his final stand here. We're coming to a close. Don't worry. People who aren't into killing sprees, which I understand. Gun drawn. He gets from the cabin. He's shot, but he does, he lives so don't worry about it. Yeah. Beneath his left nostril, oh. Shattered his teeth and exits slightly below his jaw. This Is the Collins, the the new guy or Collins Dude. Oh shit. Who made a joke later that he looks better now than he did before. Oh. Like he's a sweet baby Angel. God bless him. I Mean, and he survived. I wouldn't hate getting my teeth shattered out in brand new ones. I'll, I'll just say that Karen. I'm just saying there's always a positive.


No, I'd like him kicked out. Just kidding. So You're gonna come with your united PO box or what? That's how we'll do it. All of our dreams are gonna come true. Oh my. I'll keep you from getting killed by putting my teeth in front of whatever the weapon is. Oh my God. She threw her teeth in front of the bullet. She gave up those slant upward slanty Irish teeth as if they were nothing. Your teeth Are fine. Says the girl with Invisalign Ign. That sounds like a Madeline book. Yes. Alright. Shot again. My the for fucking Collins shot again below his left knee that's gotta hurt. And in his left arm, in His face. And knee and arm. Which this guy, this guy Dorner was a sharpshooter from the Navy.


Oh no. Oh, maybe he didn't. I mean, you get shot in the fucking face. You're trying to kill someone. You're Trying to kill someone. That's a headshot. Yeah, That's a headshot. You can't really talk your way outta that. No. Also you made that list of people you were gonna kill. Yeah. Pasta and this four, like this guy like lives in San Bernardino probably with like his sweet kids and like wife, whatever, ex-wife, I don't know. And now he's okay. To the point where he can make jokes about it. That's what it seems. That's what the news says. Great. With The news. That's all I need to Know sometimes. Okay. Yes. So Yes. Good. So police toss smoke devices into the cabin. Cabin catches fire and burn for hours. And he was inside. Yeah. The sheriff, they said they found charred human remains among the ashes.


So do we even know if it's his body? And also people said that he had, he had a gunshot in his head, but we don't know that. I don't know if that's So he killed himself and then the cabin burned down. No, I think he probably was dying from smoke and then, I don't know. And then shot himself. You know, I stopped investigating at this point. Karen. Sorry. Sorry. Well, I just remember the story. Yeah. Yeah. And it was like, they have him surrounded. They had him surrounded for a while, then it was like, we're going in and then it was like, he's dead. It's over. I was watching this shit probably at a bar. Yes. You know, like this was a big news story here in la. It really Was. We, I think LA we hate our car.


What are they called? Car chasers. Carjackers. No, we, oh. We as people who live in LA for a long time are sick of the news being like car chases. They're fucking egregious and stupid and obnoxious. I only saw one recently that ended amazingly. Where this, this woman is like making all these crazy. No, no, no. This person is making all these crazy turns. I just gave it away. Yeah. And she like finally stops, gets out of her car. Hands up. It's a woman. Everyone in the public house that I'm in cheer 'cause they're stoked that it's a chick and she starts walking towards him with her hands up then fucking makes a bolting beeline to the cop car to steal the cop car and go away. No way. And everyone in the bar like is fucking cheering for her.


And she gets caught. But it was like the sweetest move. That's amazing. Yeah, It was great. What drugs do you think she was on? All of them. Okay. At least. What's the one they always told you not to do? 'cause you Can like angel dust. Yep. Yeah. That's the one where you lift the cop car over your head. Let's, how about our Paris? Or what's not, what's it called? Our Instagram? No, the one you make money off of On social media. The PayPal, pa. No. Anyways. Patreon. Patreon. Thank you Steven. How about Patreon? We do angel dust And you see what happens. It's just a video of us doing angel dust. Yep. Yes. My kids kids. Here's what happens. I'm putting this on the to-do list. We're gonna gonna get dusted All I'm finishing this up, so sorry.


But, but here's the crazy thing is the police, Los Angeles police announced the department reopened the investigation into his case that led to his termination after he was dead. What? And Chief Beck said, I do not appease a murderer. I do it to reassure the public that their police department is transparent and fair in all things we do. Wow. I know what that happened recently. This happened on Google. Why have I asked you one question? I feel very bad. Should I be embarrassed? No, not At all. I just meant like, was it a I know what you mean. I Get, here's my thing.


Every, it seems like every day we spend every other police department in the world looks terrible. Yeah. And slowly but surely, LAPD doesn't seem so bad. They really don't These days. These Days they don't. If you watch the the Simpsons 30 by 30, they don't look so good. They don't. And that's why I feel like they're trying to be like, sorry about that one. But I mean something like that where it would be worst case scenario if it was like, what if he was right the whole time? Yeah. That's nightmarish. Well, Some people get fired and don't go fucking No, but guess what? They don't get talked about on my favorite murder, do they? That's Right. Well also it, the fact that there's a probably a, at least a 50 to 50 chance he had PTSD from being Absolutely.


You know, like it was from being in ba harran, where is it? Bahrain. Bahrain. He probably had PTSD. His neighbors said that he was a member of an, of an admired, well-liked family who usually kept to themselves. That's always a bad sign. Don't keep to yourselves. You guys Put it out there on the porch. He was divorced in 2007. No kids. So he probably lost his mind. A and then you lose this job that you've been working towards since high school when you, when you went into the Navy. Yeah. That's your, probably your identity. Yeah. And it's like what? Like, and He was probably correct in her using excessive force, And he was probably correct in the internal racism, which we all know is a very real fact that all police departments aren't allowed to acknowledge.


Like, This guy would've gotten his day of celebrating if he just had not gone on a killing spree. Like I feel like by now he would've been like, But I, but you know, they, well, I wonder, that'd be really interesting to know if like, if it goes back that if it reverses itself. But the problem is like he was one of those people where he couldn't handle the shame. Oh yeah. Like he was basically publicly shamed and had his identity taken away. And then it's like those, there are people who, if you, if you do that to them, they have to retaliate. Yeah. And I Guess they can't sit with it. He, He reported this crime in 2008. It happened in 2007.


He got a divorce in 2007. Ugh. So it's just like he is in a world of pain. Yeah. So I did, so I of course went to Reddit because I'm like, what do they have to say? It's always something good. So Doc Gray 1, 8, 7, 0, 0 0. As I read that, I'm like, he might be not 1 8, 7. He says, his manifesto sounded so plausible. I don't want people killed or otherwise, but is understood that sometimes humans have to kill humans, isn't it? Cops carry guns, soldiers carry guns. The only question is justification. Right. So if the government and their guard dogs are thoroughly corrupt as donner, as asserted they, and use unnecessarily deadly force, have callous disregard from human life and are in a mutual protection agreement with prosecutors.


What are good people supposed to do? Yeah. And he says, do you know how Dorner was caught? He carjacked a dude on a secluded road and told him, I don't wanna hurt you. And then let him go. And that dude turned him in. He also commandeered that cabin, but let the residents live contrast with the innocent civilians to LA PD hurt and their quest to get dorner and his gruesome death. Who am I supposed to root for? Well, that's a, it's not a binary thing. Yeah. It's not, you don't root for anybody. Because here's the thing, those cops didn't wanna kill anybody, but they were reacting. They are the ones being hunted and Maybe they weren't trained well enough Yeah. To know what to do in a situation like that, It immediately just makes me go The night, the night that they investigated the JonBenet murder, they sent the two newest cops over because it was Christmas.


Yeah. It's that kind of thing. Before we Had hate mail, I wanna assure everyone that I don't hate cops. I think they're fucking, I I think the majority are working their asses off to be good people and have, you know, the best interest of, and it's a hard job and you're putting your life on the line. You just only hear about the bad ones. Well, but, And you, but the problem is, I heard a DJ talking about this. I tweet tweeted about it, a dj. He was just saying there's never any, they just never copped to anything. And you can't do that when you're shooting people Yeah. Dead in cars. When when you have people who are shooting people in the back or strangling them on video, you can't continually be like, they're innocent.


Right. They're innocent. Right. That's when you're bill, if you, if you're never being a standup, you know, and, and never, You know, these are obviously Getting, if you're not getting punished by the higher ups and saying that they did this thing wrong, That means that there's no accounting for the behavior. Right. And it's acceptable. Yeah. That's a huge fucking problem. And if it's the same people, but getting targeted all the time. Yeah. I mean this snares you right into the Christopher Dorner story, snares you into everything that's happening right now. I know. In our culture. I know. Yeah. That'd be horrifying if it, if he was completely innocent and then just basically snapped. Yeah. As, as opposed to the story that was built in the media is kind of like, oh, here's this crazy guy that like tried to lie about somebody else and you know, they had him.


Yeah. They had him like vilified from the beginning. Yeah. Well I just touched probably a ton of nerves of listeners. So go to my PO box and let me know what you think. I feel like people listen to this to get nerves touched. I mean that's the whole idea. By the way. I Also took down my PO box number. Yeah. If you can't live with it, why do it? I can't do It. Yeah. I'd rather not have presence from listeners. I think it's fine. So yeah, that's my favorite murder. This Irvine, Irvine Ki How was that? Was that okay? Yeah. Okay. We're back. Do you wanna start with some case updates? Yeah.


I mentioned that the LAPD reopened the investigation into Donner's termination and it concluded that donner's firing had been factually and legally proper. And that his termination was not only appropriate, it was the only course the department could have taken based on the facts and evidence end quote. And they also found no basis for the allegations of racism that Dorner cited in his manifesto. So there's just is like a blanket, you know, no fault we didn't do anything Right. We didn't do anything wrong. Right. So take that. Take that with 20, 24 eyes. I mean Yeah. It's been Going on For a long time.


In August of 2024, these thieves robbed a man at gunpoint in Beverly Hills who they targeted for his expensive watch and they were arrested and it was discovered that they had a handgun that was once registered to dormer in their possession. And as of right now, it's unclear how they got their hands on this gun. Hmm. It's possible it was either stolen or sold by Dorner, but somewhere along the line they acquired it. Okay. Just an interesting little update. Okay. As you've heard in that story, you know, we talk a lot about the police department and I wanna remind people that it was 2016 when this was recorded And we had a very different view. We still are two white ladies.


Yes. Who have a very different experience with the police every single day. Yes. Than many people do. And there have been changes in recent years, but the A PD continues to be one of the most corrupt forces in the US according to police scorecard.org. Between 2013 and 2021, there have been 154 killings by police based on population. A black person was 4.4 times as likely, and a Latinx person was 2.3 times as likely to be killed by police as a white person in Los Angeles. Yeah. And there have been almost 15,000 civilian complaints of police misconduct as well. I think I recommended this already, but a reporter named Sir Castle did an amazing 15 part series about, it's called the History of Deputy Gangs in the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department.


And that was for the website, knock la. There's been a lot of reporting and deep dives into the corruption and the kind of like in depth, I don't know how to explain it. Gang mentality. Gang mentality. Yeah. In what is supposed to be a public service that has a budget of like $2 billion. Yeah. Here. So it's definitely the kind of thing that we didn't have to think about or worry about at that time. And it is, I think a lot of white people since 2016, especially after 2020. Yeah. And Ferguson and all that stuff. You know, people's eyes have been really opened in a way that we got the almost like option to not have those eyes up for a long time.


Totally. Totally. All right, let's go to another horrible story. This one is just one that comes up in your head Oof. All the time. You know, it's just, it sticks with you. This is Karen's telling of the story about the Cheshire murders. Just a warning. It's a horrific case and it involves sexual assault and violence against children. So listen with caution.


You know that moment when you're trying to pack the car for a road trip and suddenly it's like a game of emotional Tetris, the cooler won't fit. Someone's already cranky and the dog has to sit on your lap or you can just skip the stress and get the car that is thought of everything. That's the Ionic nine. It's Hyundai's first all electric SUV with three rows. Finally space, even in an ev, the Ionic nine gives you class leading interior space with really smart, purposeful tech. It includes seven USBC ports, excessive. How dare you. No batteries dying halfway through the drive and everyone gets their screen time, even the dog. And because it's Hyundai, it comes with standard safety features like highway driving assist two and blind spot collision avoidance assist. So even if your passengers are a little chaotic, your car isn't the ultra powerful iion nine rear wheel drive S trim gets an EPA estimated 335 miles on a full charge. Actual range may vary, but that's plenty for your weekly errands, commutes, and maybe even an escape or two. And when you need to charge it fast, you can get up to 150 miles in just 15 minutes. When using a 350 kilowatt DC ultra fast charger and CCS adapter, actual charge time may vary. Plus it comes with a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile hybrid electric limited battery warranty. That's real peace of mind. If you've been waiting to go electric, but don't wanna give up range, space, or comfort, the Ioni nine is for you. Learn more about the Ioni nine at Hyundai usa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. Goodbye.


Spring is in the air, And that means open windows, outdoor plans, and more time away from home. All the things that burglars love. Well, bad news, burglars. Now you can protect your home with SimpliSafe. With SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy greater security and peace of mind every time they arm their system. Traditional security systems only take action after somebody is already broken in. That's too late. But with Active Guard Outdoor Protection, simply say it's monitoring agents closely. Watch your property and stop crimes before they happen. The cameras use advanced AI to distinguish between friendly faces like family and neighbors, and potential threats alerting agents to suspicious individuals before they get close to your home. So I get that ping on my phone on my app that tells me when there's someone like on my lawn, I'm such an old lady, or like, you know, walking at my driveway because I live up off the street. And you shouldn't be there if you're not meant to be there. So like if I get the ping that someone's on my lawn and I'm like, I know something's up and I can check it before they even get to the door or break in in the window, it's great. Visit simplisafe.com/fave to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's Simplisafe.com/f aav. There's no safe, like simply safe. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Temperatures are starting to rise, which means you're setting your baseline level of sweaty right now, and it only gets worse from here. That's exactly why you need clothes that breathe look good. And we'll keep you together until September. That's Quince. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You Can grab a hundred percent European linen shorts and dresses starting at $30 plus luck, swimwear and Italian leather platform. Sandals The Best part. Everything with Quince is half the cost of similar brands. By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, Quince gives you luxury without the markup. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. It's that time of year where the weather's changing. And I realize how few short sleeve shirts I have and I truly logged on to Quince this morning. They have all these beautiful linen shirts, all these beautiful cotton shirts, stuff where you're like, I don't wanna be hot and this is gonna help me so much. Beautiful linen in the summer is my favorite. Give your summer closet an upgrade with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash mfm. Goodbye.


Mine happened in the same year. Oh my God, there's a lot of similarities, which is super weird. Interesting. And this is a murder story that I had two different separate non people that don't know each other. Friends of mine ask if I had done the story yet. Ooh, it's the Cheshire murder. Ooh. And you've probably seen a 2020 or a Nightline about it. It was super famous. It happened around the same time as the Oklahoma bombings, but it was more talked about in the news more consistently because it was that really infamous Connecticut home invasion story.


That's a nightmare home invasion from start to finish. It's a Nightmare. It's a nightmare. And also it's just, this is just sinister and creepy. 'cause Cheshire, Connecticut. So there's a documentary on HBO called the Cheshire Murders. I highly recommend I watched that this morning and it will tell you the entire story, but it's very hard 'cause it's all the relatives. So it's just like everybody right there on camera talking about how it feels. And it's incredibly rough because this is, this is a, you know, this is a multiple rape murder situation on a family who live in one of those towns where when they show all the shots, it's like all the A-frame houses with the lawns, there's no fences between any of the yards.


And the area these people lived in was pretty upscale. So basically what happened is, on the night of July 22nd at seven 30 at night, Jennifer Hawpe went to the stop and shop with her 11 year year old daughter Mikayla. And they're, they're just shopping for groceries. And they're spotted by a recent parolee named Joshua Commis Sirki is basically how you pronounce his last name. They, they said it in the, in this documentary, probably 30 times. Right. And every time I'd say it along with them or repeat it after I heard it, and I still, it's Comis Sarky.


Okay. Or Comisa ky, I'm not sure. Okay. So this guy's watching them in the grocery store, a very, I might as well just get to this part now. A very upsetting part in this documentary is this guy who is in his like mid to late twenties. I, I wanna say 27, but I can't, I can't see it on my paper. But he had a girlfriend like y in the years prior, and the father of that girl, he, that this guy dated, talks on camera about how they said that they thought they wanted to get married. And the father said, I have two problems with that. You're a career criminal and you're a pedophile.


And he's like, and my daughter looks and acts a lot younger than she is. And so this girl who's the same age as him is on camera. And she completely, if you, if you said she's 16 or 15, you'd be like, sure. And she was like in her mid twenties. Holy Shit. So it's, there was some part that got confusing where it was like he also tried to date her younger sister and it was a thing. So this got, and of course it turns out that later in the documentary, it turns out that he was molested as a child, very young, terribly. And for most of his life. So he had, oh shit, he was adopted. This father that they show a couple pictures of as one of the most disturbing looking individuals.


Like always right behind him. Kind of creepy. Oh My. How did I not see the documentary? It's pretty good. I mean, the thing is, by the time you get to the part where they're talking about what life was like for these two dudes that did this home invasion, you're like, oh, I don't care. Yeah. I don't care. These are monsters. I don't care. Because that happens to a lot of people. Not a lot, hopefully, but, and they don't become monsters. Exactly. The only thing though is it is interesting because when something like this happens over and over, people go, who could do this? Who, how do you do something? Like, I don't understand. How could you do this? How could you do this? And most people just go from that question to kill them. Just kill them. Mm. Don't why even give them a trial? It's that mentality, which we all 'cause it's so hard to comprehend.


It's Just like this compounded abuse that's just generations long. Probably because the guy who abused them was abused too. And I mean, it's bad. All right. But it's interesting. Sorry. No, no, no. 'cause that's, that's the thing with pedophiles is that oftentimes that's where it's coming from. Yeah. As it happened to them. But it's just, it puts a very strange light on an already very upsetting case. So they go home from this grocery store, the mom and daughter go home, this guy follows them home and goes and sees where they live. He had just, he was living in a halfway house or he had just gotten out of a halfway house and he was just paroled.


And so was his friend Steven Hayes, who is considerably older and also has a very long, both of them have crazy long criminal records. Both are like burglars or whatever. This guy, and when they talked about Josh Comm Sirki, they actually say he had a photographic memory. He was incredibly intelligent. He was an incredibly talented artist. And they start showing these illustrations that he did, and they look somewhat, they reminded me immediately of the pictures in Silence of the Lambs, when Dr. Lecter has those hand drawn pictures of like, Italy, you know, that like, he's basically drawn his own pictures so he holy from memory shit.


It's the exact same thing where this guy has these illustrations that are like so insanely detailed and beautiful and amazing. So, and he had, you know, so he is a, he's a smart person, but a very cunning and very sociopathic. And so was the other guy, Stephen Hayes, two of his brothers in this documentary talking about him, how he was a monster from their childhood. It was like burning their hands on stoves. Like nightmare older brother shit. Yeah. That they had to live with. So of course, in the end of this, when these two guys get caught, they tell the exact opposite stories of it was this guy's idea. And so it's very interesting because one guy looks like something out of a movie of a bad guy and the other guy looks like a, like a young pot dealer that would live in San Diego.


But the truth of it is they think that it's the young guy that was the mastermind behind it all The artist, the smarter guy. Yeah, Sure. So anyway, those two meet up at a bar and they talk about their plan and how they're gonna go rob this house. And at 3:00 AM they go up to the house and when they walk up, they see that Dr. William Petit is sleeping on the screen in porch on the front. And so Josh goes and grabs a baseball bat from the front lawn that they passed on their way in, takes it and starts beating this guy in the head. How do you go to a house at three in the morning? Like you're just asking for go, You know, go in the middle of the day when no one's home. You wanna find people there?


No, They wanted, they wanted this, the Josh guy, part of his thing was, they said when he would go in burgle houses, he would go in different rooms. He would, he would pick places like, it would be like a state trooper's house that he would be burgling. Oh God. And he would, after he stole all the things he wanted to steal, he would stand and listen to people breathing. Holy shit. And then also, the guy that was talking about him, I think it was probably one of his old defense lawyers, said that he could remember every single, every single thing he stole. Where it was, where the like item, if he took a wallet out of a pair of pants, it was hanging on the back of the chair. Like he had a photographic memory. Weird.


Yes. So that part of the joy of it was the fact that he knew that family was home. Yeah. At least they know that for, that was his pattern in the past. Okay. So they beat the father in the head, tie him up and put him down in the basement and tie his wrist and ankles to a pole in the basement. He's got, he's, his head is split down the front and then there's like three huge gashes in the back of his Head. Oh honey. So he's down in the basement. They have him shut down there, then they ran, they tie up the mother and both daughters in all each of their respective rooms, tie them hands and feet to the bed, put pillowcases over their head and, and shut the doors of all those rooms.


Then they ransack the whole house. And by the time they're done looking through everything, they're not happy with their haul. They didn't get enough. And they find a Bank of America bank book, and they see that the amount in the bank is like over 15 grand or it's a bunch. Yeah. And so they're like, here's what we're gonna do you when it's 9:00 AM And that bank opens, you're going in there, you're taking out $15,000 and you're bringing it back here to us, and then we will leave you alone. Oh. So at 9:00 AM this woman goes into her bank, goes up to the teller, says, I'd like to withdraw $15,000. And as they're doing their business, she says that I'm doing this against my will.


People broke into our house last night. The guy drove me here. He's in the parking lot outside right now. He has my family back at the house. Like his partner has the family back at the house. She actually was quoted, the teller said that she's said they're mostly nice, I think they just need this money. And she's like, but you need to tell the police because, You know, I was, I was told to come in here and not say anything. And so like, please handle this. And so the teller, there's a woman in this documentary who was in the bank when all this happened. And she said she saw the bank manager run from the teller's little depot into her office and shut the door and start making the phone call.


So it happened like immediately. And then Jennifer Petock got her money and left the bank. So she didn't wait around or anything. Yeah. 'cause I surely she was probably on like a time. Oh shit. So Steven Hayes is in the car waiting for her outside the other guy's back at home. The other guy's back at home. So they, they find a video footage, gas station, video surveillance that Hayes had bought $10 worth of gas from two gas cans that he'd gotten from the pet at home before they went to the bank. Hmm. So they know it's premeditated murder. So when they get back, does she know, Oh my god, does she know they have gas, extra gas? I don dunno. Okay. No, 'cause she's tied up in the room. So I think they're doing all that.


Oh, okay. They already had it business themselves. So when, so this is where the stories split because Josh has one story and Steven has the other. But Steven's story is he gets back from the bank with Mrs. Petit and he thinks they're gonna take this money. He's picking him up and they're leaving when he walks in. Josh says, I I have left DNA in one of the children. We have to burn this house down. We have to kill them and burn this house down. Holy shit. And that's when Steven's like, I was not in this, that in, according to him, he, he was like, this is crazy. Then he looks outside and sees that from the moment that bank teller got on the phone with nine one one, like it was minutes later they say like three to five minutes later, cops were outside of this house.


So they look outside, Steven sees that there's cops outside, which, you know, she had promised him he would not call the cops. And he goes crazy. Starts strangling her, the mom. Oh No, I don't like that. It's bad. He strangles her, rapes her after he strangles her. So, Oh my fucking God. Okay. It's like a week away. It's like a week away from 4th of July. 4th of July passed a week ago. My fucking neighbors are still, this has been happening all week. They've been letting off fucking fireworks. But that was the worst time that could have happened. That was so loud.


And I saw, fuck, I saw the spark. I did too. And there was like a big flash, Huh. Wow. My heart. Do you wanna shut that since now there's wow. Fuck sake. We're trying to lives fucking asshole. We're Trying to talk about murder. What the Oh God. That's hilarious. So, okay. I can't Wait to hear that. Yeah. That's like, you think so many people have their headphones in right now and got so freaked out when that happened. I wonder. So pissed. I Wonder. Yeah, because it was, that was crazy though. And We both freaked. We all freaked out. You know what, that was like our podcast version of, you know, in a movie when suddenly a car gets side Yeah.


Fucking T-bone or they closed The don't see coming the, the medicine cabinet and there's someone in the standing us. We just, it was like, we like put that into our own scary, scary podcast. That was scary enough as it was sucked. Guys, don't be mad at us 'cause we are as upset as you are. Yeah. It's not more Now here come the cops. Did You hear, did you hear that? Yeah. Okay, so, okay, so Steven Hayes has just strangled and raped the mother. So turns out while they were at the bank, he, Josh had gone upstairs and raped the 11-year-old, The one who he felt looked like his ex-girlfriend.


Yes. But she was 11. There was a 17-year-old daughter. Yeah. That no, nobody went into her room ever after. So it's super crazy. And when you hear his confession on tape, it's super disgusting because he act, he is using so many euphemisms and kind of trying to talk like they chatted and they were talking about school and I brought her a glass of water, like it's all very sweet border, like romantic in his mind. It's super gross. So then they pour gas over both girls. No, no, no. Still alive. No, no, No, no, no, No, no. And then throughout the entire house, light the house on fire and then run out the front door, get into the Petit's car, drive one block away, get pulled over and arrested.


So the entire time now in the, in the aftermath when they made announcements, the mayor or the city, you know, councilmen or whoever were like, and we'd like to think the police and fire did a great job and all this stuff. Well, it turned out from when they finally, because they had like kind of redacted all of this information. They weren't, there was a gag order on the whole story. They like the press couldn't report on it on any details. They didn't know any details about it. And then they finally get like the phone reports and the nine one one calls and everything, and they had a perimeter. They were setting up a perimeter five minutes after the nine one one call came in from the bank. And they were all just sitting outside in that perimeter.


They had, no one had called on the phone, no one had knocked on the door, no one had even approached the house in any way. They heard Mrs. Petit screaming. Whoa. And nobody went up. They, the house caught on fire and they still didn't do anything. Oh. So basically in the amount of time between when they went to the bank and came back is when all of the major crimes happened and the police were just sitting outside not taking action. Which, you know, it's, this is a town that was like 25,000 people. Geez. So again, tiny. And there were some people that argued the, that this is a small town, but this is a small town in terms of police handling major crimes.


Right. So they had basically no idea what to do and just set up a perimeter and waited and didn't do anything. So the, like those, those, God Dammit, should I Scream? That was, that sounded like an actual firework. Yeah. Yeah, you could. I just saw like Disneyland thing out there. Yeah. Except this is fucking Los fearless. Yeah. Not fucking Disneyland. Yeah. And fireworks are illegal in N County. I saw in an addition, And it's been Happening pretty much every night since 4th of July. I mean, it's, isn't it like July 10th now? It's like July 10th right Now. It's six days later, guys. Anyway, to wrap it up, when Dr.


Petit escaped the basement, he, it was basically right around the same time as the house was lit on fire. He was like, smelled the smoke and whatever. And so he, with his, I'm, I'm looking at fireworks over your shoulder. I'm moving, I'm fucking moving. So Dr. Petit runs up the back stairs, his feet are still bound. He's like hopping with a bloody face across to his neighbors. And there's like a little forest in between his house and the neighbor's house. And he sees the cops hiding behind trees and is screaming, help my family, save my family as he's running over to the neighbor's house and they're just keeping their positions. Oh my God.


So all of that part, they like effectively swept that part under the rug. And the family kept asking questions and like, it was like, if there's a gag order, we can't tell you anything. And it wasn't until the case happened that they found out all this horrible shit of all the really hideous details of what happened. Oh. And then they also, Joshua's diary was put into evidence and basically after they got arrested, they both turned on each other, said it was the other person's idea. And it's really hard to, to pull apart because even in this documentary, like you can see how Josh could be the mastermind, but you could also see how Steven Hayes could Jude, I mean this idea, like when his lawyer was trying to tell that story of like, oh, he saw the cops And that he felt very betrayed and that's why he destroy and raped Mrs.


Pet. It's like, yeah, I don't think so. No. People don't strangle and rape people when they feel betrayed as a whole. Yeah. I mean they say it's like explosive anger reaction or whatever, but it's like, I don't know. I I feel like they probably were planning on doing that anyway. Yeah. So anyway, they're convicted of the murders and they're sentenced to death in 2010. Well that was Steven, Steven Hayes was convicted in 20 20 10. Joshua Kaki was convicted in 2011 and sentenced to death in 2012. And in August, 2015, the state of Connecticut abolished the death penalty.


So now Hayes and Kaki are, had both of their death sentences commuted and now they're serving life sentences. Who, what do you think, who do you think was the mastermind? You know, it seems to me that it's the younger guy. It seems to me that it's the, the Joshua Kaki guy because, and he's The one who raped the 11-year-old. Yep. He's the one that had this kind of plan. Yeah. And I think he's the one that, like the other guy was a burglar and kind of on drills and stuff. I think that guy was a career criminal in that, in that way. But I think Joshua had some se really, really deep, serious emotional problems.


Well, when you think of like, hey, when you think of someone saying, Hey, I found this house that's perfect for us to break into. Like one of them knows who's in that house and what's going on. Yes. The other one might not. And so it seems that he had an ulterior motive For sure. And the other guy didn't at first. Right. He just wanted make some easy money. Right. Or like, just thought it was like they're, they're out of jail. They're out of a halfway house. They need jobs. You can't get a job as the next con a very easily. Yeah. You know, they're just trying to get back to it. And also that guy Joshua was kicked out of the army, which is always a bad sign. Mm. They didn't, they didn't go into any of the details of that though.


Mm. Anyway, the Cheshire murders, it's an old HBO documentary. So I found it on HBO now or go or something on my Apple tv. But it's really interesting and really it just fucked with everyone. It's the considered the worst crime in Connecticut history. Those poor little girls. And it fucked with everybody 'cause it was home invasion. So it was just like, your utopian life can be invaded by two criminals who are, you know, It's almost like there's, on one hand you have like a burglary. You have, you're not home. Someone comes in and steals your shit. But someone who's bold enough to do a home invasion robbery that scares the shit outta me. The person who would be willing to do that Yes.


Is has no, has no what? Well, Part of the enjoyment, at least they know for a fact that Joshua had, was the fear that he liked the fear he put into people because, And that he actually wrote a bunch of stuff about it in his diary that was on this thing that was just basically like that's, he feels that scared and, and freaked out and wants to scream inside all the time. Oh. And so it makes him feel better to, to see people torture like that. Which Is, You know, when you're the one who's people are fear, then you're not. Yeah. Holy shit. It's deep, it's dark and yeah, I'm staying home from now on for the rest of my life. But then what if there's a home invasion robbery?


Well, and also that's where the all the fireworks are. So Home is where the fireworks are, You know? Oh man. Yeah. Elvis is hiding under the bed right now. So we can't end the show until he comes out. My friend Sean, who asked me if I was gonna do this, the one that's from Cheshire, Connecticut. So when he watched this documentary, he kept talking about how freaked out he was because it was his, he goes, that's my bank. I've been to that bank so many times. Oh my God. Like this was his hometown murder. And he was just like he said, watching this documentary, it was just like, that's his town. Ooh. That's scary. Elvis. Wow. Elvis doesn't want a cookie.


Cookie. I bet He does. Here we're all right you guys go to Instagram. My favorite murder, Twitter's my favorite Murderer. We have our Facebook group, of course. Thank you guys for listening. We really love this podcast And we appreciate that you guys listen, it's super awesome times. And You know what, stay sexy and Don't get murdered Elvis. Want Cookie. Welcome. All right, thanks guys. Bye. Bye. Okay, we are back. Another story about police not having enough training. I mean, it's, everything about the story is a disaster.


Yeah. And so horrible. Heartbreaking, awful. And Then meanwhile, fireworks go off as I'm trying to tell it. And that truly, I can remember when that happened. Like I remember looking at you when it happened. It was one of the scariest things. Like we had, we had just had, Yeah. That whole, the Christopher Dorner story, I'm in the middle of telling this horrifying thing and then it sounds like someone's shooting at your window. And I Have to explain that my apartment ha, there was a little driveway next to it, like a a 1930s apartment building driveway in la, which is like impossible to drive through. So it was a tiny little, and then next to it was a little walkway and then the other apartment, like we could just see right into each other's. Like it was so, and that's where they were setting off the fireworks.


It was so close there were always doing that. There were always grilling things and the fi in the fucking little driveway and the fire would be, I mean, So crazy. Yeah. It Was, it was a different time in our lives. Yeah. No respect for a studio list. True Crime podcast that's being recorded Upstairs. Although one time the guy did bring me some of the meat that they had been grilling, which is really nice. It was it good? Yeah. Yeah. It's really good. Okay. So I have a couple updates to, okay. This story, well one is just kind of random, which is one of the perpetrators of this crime. Who in this story is identified as Steven Hayes has transitioned since there's really can't find a good source confirming what their name is. Now, this is kind of actually a really lovely kind of silver lining, which is that in the memory of his wife and daughters, William Petit created the Petit Family Foundation.


And since he established it, they have raised over $10 million for stem, chronic illness and violence prevention. Amazing. So if you wanna find out more about the Petit P-E-T-I-T Family Foundation, you can go to petit family foundation.org and maybe even donate. Okay. That episode was a lot, You know, little did we know back in January of 2016 exactly what we were signing up for in pretty much every way, shape and form. I mean, Yeah. It's really kind of crazy to listen to and kind of think about these early episodes again. Yeah. It's just like, wow, Everything's changed and nothing's changed.


Yeah. But Everything's changed So different. So ugh. But there's so many things are the same. I know. No, we're in some ways we're kind of stuck in a weird time loop. Yeah. So we better get it right this time. Let's try, let's just try. All right, so we, I mean, I don't think we can get any better than Twenty Knives. 29 was So genius. That's Brilliant. But based on what we named the episodes these days, which is, you know, a call back to something silly that was said in the episode, what would we name it Now Look somewhere else, bro. Which was you basically saying, if you're getting your facts from here Yeah. Look somewhere else, bro. Which is, I mean, very Accurate.


And it's great that we've always known that and stood by that And that our audience loves to remind people who try to come in and be like, Hey, guess what? Yeah, we know that. And they know that this Isn't the place. This isn't even Wikipedia. We're beginners. We could name it Tubes Tubing about inner tubes Or Home is where the fireworks are in a scary storytelling show then a scary audio experience, which is just like, I don't know if I've ever been that scared in that moment. I Know, but I kind of love it. It just like, that's where we started. That's right. You know, it was real. 'cause it was hot. The window was open because it was Hot. Yeah. And there, you know, it was an apartment. There's nothing you can do about it. That's where we started. Yeah, that's where I lived. I loved it.


Yeah. And sometimes fucking fireworks went off next to your door. It'd be really cool if right now Alejandra opened the door, just threw two fireworks at us, so I'd like boom, Boom. It's still the same. All right, well thanks for listening to this episode of Rewind. It feels like people are loving rewind. So yeah, we're very happy to be doing this for you. If you could rate review and subscribe on wherever you listen to podcasts, that would be really helpful and awesome. We appreciate that. You Know what also would be really helpful and awesome if you would stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash saydu. Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FTC


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech, I'm saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text, and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stalk their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com.