
This Is exactly right. This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Hello. Hello And Welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. That's Right. That means it's Wednesday, and that means we're recapping one of our old shows with all new commentary, updates, and insights. And today we're recapping episode 32, which we named Just the 32 of Us. I thought we were done with the number pun. I mean, I can hear myself, and this may not have happened, but I can absolutely hear myself in my memory going Yeah, but it's so funny, we have to go back. It's a good one. Just for this one. Yeah. Like, you know, you can't, don't throw the baby out with the bath water, right? That's right. If there's a good one, If there's a Just the 32 of Us. That's pretty Funny. It's so good. So join us today as we take you back to September 1st, 2016 when sausage party was still in theaters.


Classic. Classic. It's a classic. And now we can all be day one listeners. Okay. Here's the intro of, of episode 32. Hello. Welcome To My favorite Murder. My name's Karen and I sure love murder. How about you girl over there This week, girl over there is played by Georgia Heart Star George, Heart Star, hard Stark. And gee, I love murder too. And of course, engineer Steven is here standing by with his mustache and his, his Stuff, his equipment, his General style. His General style.


S Morris supporting of the per cast. Oh, thank you. Yeah, welcome. Who did I So still trapped in the bass fight. Yeah. Vince. So we have our murder merinos that we call people who listen to this podcasting. I don't, we didn't make that up. No, we didn't. But that's what people call it. Okay. And Vince said that. So Steven has the per cast about cats, and Vince said that he, he, they, the people who listen should be called Pervert with three Rs. Right. Just really Exercise. You gotta do that. I'm Gonna start doing it unannounced. And Vince said you can have it. Thank you, Vince. He said go. You can tell him you can have it. That's a free one from Vince. That's a free One. Awesome. Cool. Hi everybody. It's episode 32. What's up? Let's, I'm gonna Was up back.


Are you? I have already threatened to do that was up And that's how she got murdered. She was so hacky. The town killed her. The city killed her. She, she got killed. Do you have a housekeeping? I Mean, I have things I just generally wanna talk about. Well, I'll say mine. That are internet specific. That Are important. Yeah. Mine are important. Yours aren't. Before I start just babbling. Hey, you be quiet because, because it's my turn. How much I hate tv. Oh, did you watch the last night of I fucking, I just, I don't, there's a block and I, I mean to and I haven't. No, the answer's no. Well then you don't want his DNA inside you and you'll never get to have it.


He was also on Colbert. We actually watched it work because enough people at my work like him that we were all like, let's watch. He's So, he is he cute and wants He is Perfection. It's, there's something like Disney-esque about the scale of the size of his eyes to the rest of his face. His nose looks, it's ridiculous. Like he got a nose job. It's so perfectly shaped. And then in general, he just has the, he has the charisma, but he's very low key. Like he's smart enough to know not to overplay it. We're talking about Ed, we're Talking about Ed Britain zone. And he's got the British accent, man. Oh, the cute, the like street British accent. Yeah. Stop it. But he can do any British Accent, like guess I only heard, I only heard him speaking in a British accent when he was rapping.


So I was like, Yeah, he was trying, he was turning it a little bit on, but, okay. Well that, but also I saw him at, in the, the unwilling fundamentalist, what's that movie? He stars in a movie about an un a fundamentalist That doesn't wanna be Who's Unwilling? Who doesn't, the word isn't unwilling though. Sorry. It's part of the title. I'm his number one fan. But in that one he had like a posh British British Accent. Oh man. No, I wanna, I want it to be dirty. Please. Jesus. Keep it dirty. Hi Vince. It's, this is Karen. She said more gross stuff about Rizza at this time. The thing I wanted to mention was a woman named Liam Moffitt made us this amazing animated opening to our podcast theme song.


You can see it on the Twitter page. You can see it on the Facebook page. I'll put it on the, I'll put it on the, we have a new Facebook fan page. Awesome. People told us that that's how you're supposed to do things. Yeah. Don't, don't be closed off all the time. Yeah. Maybe open some stuff up. Yeah. So we have a new Facebook fan page. I will post it on there. It is. It's your like, how do you, how did you feel watching it with your music and your voice? I couldn't breathe. Yeah. And but also I, it's that weird thing of like, it's very strange when someone holds up something. You did. Yeah. And goes, now here's something I did to match it. Ugh. Like, it's just magical. I love it. It's gorgeous. And it's the cutest, like I, the style of it is so like, there's a little skeleton in every scene.


I Know. The way it Cube, The way everything flows and moves. It's like, but it's creepy. Very creepy. It's creepy. It's all perfectly done. So, Leanne Moffitt, thank you so much for Thank you. Doing that and thinking of Us and participating in that very creative and cool way. Thanks to everyone who cre like, there's so many cute drawings of Us, even though we berated them last week. They Like it. I Know. I keep posting them on Instagram. We have an Instagram, My favorite murder. And I just am constantly, I like can't stop posting all day. And I feel like I'm getting annoying because there's just so much cool shit to post. Well, it's fun to be able to go like, well here's hair. 'cause the people like it. Yeah. When you notice their shit, it's, you know, can I tell's The whole idea? Can I tell you my favorite one from our last episode is, you know, the part where I go do a dead body, A female dead body?


Someone took a photo of my face and put it over the face in Sound of Music. Sound of music. Where she's singing on this, on the hilltop to all the children. And it's just my little face, like a perfect photo of me with my mouth open, like looking like I'm seeing. And it says do. Oh, Steven showing it to Karen right now. I will put that on the Facebook page too. That's brilliant. Isn't that Who's, who did it? Jessica P. Thank you Jessica B Well done. Jessica P That is hilarious. 'cause also the Georgia's face, her mouth is open. It looks like she's going. Hi. Yeah, but it, but she's holding a guitar. That's hilarious. So much good shit. Good. You know, sadly, somebody put my face inside of Selena's face.


Oh, no, no, no, no. It's not, not truly sadly. Oh, this is comedy podcast. But it was a picture of me before I stopped drinking. You can find such a range of hideous pictures of me online. Me too. It's hilarious. I hate it. It's not cool at all When your weight fluctuates. It's, you just, and and you get photographed for things a lot. Yeah. And you just, You just kinda have to separate and you just have, I like, my thing is just like whatever. Right. I know what I look like, but Mine's not, Oh my God. This one where they put my face and just, I'm pretty sure it was Selena's picture. It was like big eighties hair with the pink background. Did you see that Steven? It was, I was like, is that Charles Bronson wearing a wig?


Like it looked horrifying. I hate that. But of course I'm not complaining. 'cause of course all the people who saw were like, Oh my God, this is so cute. Where you're just like, what? Anyway, yeah, I go, I had to complain. And also just, we looked it up. This was in, oh wait, this, if it, if it was from the Minnesota, then you might not know what we're talking about. But last week's mini Oh, Correction corner. What's that? We have to say. Correction corner. Correction corner. Meow, meow, meow. Georgia talked about a lady who had a disease and many doctors frighteningly enough. Listen to this podcast. Do they? Yeah. Because those are the people or medical students. I'm not sure people who know how it's actually pronounced.


Well, Sorry, not sorry. I'm not a doctor or a medical student. Never Say sorry. Not sorry. Just don't be sorry. Oh, okay. Yeah. I thought you were berating me for trying to bring that back when you're trying to bring, what was it? Woohoo. Oh, good point. No, throw that right in my face. I accept that you're a hundred percent right. But I hate, sorry, not sorry. Because you don't have to be sorry at all. Yeah. Is that I, I saw that crop up in like girls talking where it's like, it's total girls talking. Look. Sorry, that's not sorry. Where it's like, no, no, no. What you start out as look motherfucker. And then you say your actual opinion. Sorry, I'm yelling. Don't apologize. I'm so tired. Oh, you're right. I'm so tired. Here's How you pronounce it.


Syndrome. Syndrome. Syndrome. Well, now I'm having a fucking seizure syndrome. Jesus Syndrome. Alright, well that's a lot. What the Fuck? I, I got it. There's like, that's a sound clip from some guys on the radio or something in England who also didn't know how to say Ion Barre syndrome. Keon Barre. Well, So there, Well, consider me wrong again. Consider me always wrong. Correction corner. Correction corner. What else? How are you, what do you wanna say? Anything? I wish you guys could see Georgia right now. Her legs are so far up in the air. She's the most casual person I've ever seen in my life. This is the lst You're fucking lounging in your home.


Lounging so hard Right now. As is your American. Right. Steven, Can you take a photo of me lounging hard right now. I'll put it on the vent. Fix my sweat. I'm also sweating. That's cool. Sweat lounging. Emma, I got a, I got a Mimi cat on the coat. I took one too. Photo just happened. Check it on the, well, let's plug our places. instagram.com/ My favorite murder. Oh, the face. Ooh. That's like a picture. Finally. A picture of myself. I'm not mad. Ooh, I love it. Look at those cheekbones. Karen. I I wasn't even really sucking them in you. My part's a bit off. Look at you look so Hilarious. I That's my entire butt also. That's gonna end up on, that's gonna end up on Wiki feet. I promise you. Can I have a Wiki Feet page? I mean, look at my feet. They're pretty fucking cute. Let's be honest. You deserve it.


Thank You. Yeah, I'm gonna own it. You know why? 'cause I don't have a Wikipedia page, so I'm okay with wiki beats. So you're gonna be fine. Here we go. You gotta break in somehow. Do you know what else pisses me off? What? I'm not gonna tell you. Nevermind. I'm pissed off that my high school, they have like a list of like alumni who have done things not on there. Where's The list On Wikipedia? Oh, please. Will someone who's good at computers go on to Wikipedia and edit that page. What's the high school name? Woodbridge High School In Irvine, California. Woodbridge High School, Irvine, California. Also let everyone know I hate, I hated them all. I hate them all. No, don't put that word in now. This is your high school Wiki feet page.


Okay. The fan page. Okay. Here's, this is hilarious. So I tried to start the fan page. We can't use the word murder in the title because Facebook is like, we recognize a word that you can't fucking, you can't say 'cause you're not, you're a grown adult and you know what I mean? I'm fine. So it's MFM podcast is the name, the Facebook fan page. Cool. So you kind of have to be an insider to know. Yeah. That it's the, Just the initials. It's like winky wink. And then I think that means also that maybe your, your family and friends won't know that you're part of a murder group. Just I think that's, it'll just say MFM. Yeah. I think that's what people are worried about Until they see the logo Again. Grown adults. Yeah. I mean that's the other thing too, of all the people we know that, that say I'm not weird.


I'm not alone. You know, all that excitement. Well now it's turning into, because then the second wave seem to be people at work keep catching me listening to this and giving me dirty looks or seeing my, the logo and giving me a weird look. Yeah. But we just got a tweet from somebody who sent a picture that said, was it on the Facebook page or Twitter? I can't remember where they hang up. A sign on the door that says Murder time. Do not come in and then listen to the podcast at at Work. I love altogether Love. Oh, like the whole crew does. Yeah. Well, I mean, she didn't, she was very vague about all of it. We're shouting her out. I should find the name, but if you guys hear this, will you please send us at least slightly more information so we can give you a legit shout out?


'cause I, it made me laugh so hard when I saw that person. Or send us a photo of all of you listening secretly Listening. Also, I love that. I've been, I've been noticing in the Facebook page, like I'll like look at some comments sometimes late at night and it'll be like, comment, comment, comment. And then someone will comment to someone who already commented. And it'll be like, Alex, you're in this group. You're in like, Oh my God, Melissa, I can't it. We're totally like, it's people recognizing their friends in there and it's like hilarious. And I love it. I love it. Well the same, same thing happened to me with my sister's best friend Adrian, who I talked about I think on the very first episode. Yeah. She Had a hometown. Yeah, she, well she loved Richard Ramirez. Right. And so when I said, who should I talk about? It came outta her mouth so fast that that's when I discovered she was a murderer.


Yeah. Before the podcast had even started. And it was shocking 'cause I known her since she was 12 years old and I was 10 years old. So, and never knew so weird that that was an interest of hers. So she recently started listening. She went backwards through it and has been texting me constantly of like, dude, I love this podcast so much. And Adrian and my sister we're two of the most evil teenage girls Anyone could have had the nightmare to grow up with. They were Suen and Silky and I, the only way they would let me hang out with them when she spent the night on the weekend, she would come and stay the whole weekend with us. But they would lock the door and leave me out of the room. And what I had to do to get in the room with Laura and Adrian was make up a lip sync dance routine to a Pat Beitar song.


Well, we're not moving forward right now on this podcast until you fucking do that. Let's relive your nightmares. We just basically play a Pat Beitar song. Yeah. But yeah, I'm Just explaining it. That's all it would be. And then you'd be like, right now she's lifting her legs straight above her head. Oh my God. That's so sis. Big sisters man. Well, and Also just, if you're younger and you hate your sister, just know that's gonna change Yeah. Around when you're like 22. And then you're gonna be besties for the rest of your life because You're gonna become the cool one. Exactly. My sister knows what's up. Well And also I have my sister r to thank for like, all of my training because that's pretty much the most professional training I got. And then, Oh Yeah, Yeah. On stage. It was pretty exciting. I think my, I'm scared.


I think my dad might start listening to this. 'cause it was what I thought he was already, I don't think so because he was like, I was hanging out with him over the weekend and he was like, tell me about your thing. Like, they don't understand that it's a thing. And I was like, oh, it's his thing. And I'm like, well he doesn't know how to download podcasts. And then he would like looked at his phone and he like showed me the podcast and he was like this. And I was like, Yeah, No, it's okay. He's cool. He doesn't care about the F word does he? Oh My God. No. My god. You can't have me as a child and care about the f word care about a lot of things. Honestly, I think he's happy that I'm alive. Survived my own. I am too. I mean that I'm alive. Or that you're alive.


But you're both of Us. Me too. It was supposed to be a compliment. Oh, thank you. Alright, you guys, we're gonna get into our favorite murders. Yes. We're gonna take a quick pee break. We'll be right back for My favorite murder skippers. This is your time to come on home. Come on home, be right back. Alright. That was a, a big long one. Did you really not ever finish the night of? You've never seen the end? I didn't ever finish it. I just, I'm so impatient with shows. Like, I just don't, I can't get through anything. If I get through a a series it, it should get an Oscar immediately.


'cause it's good. Can you think of an example of a series you got through because you liked the lead actor The way I of course was returning week after week for my friend Ru Simmons. No, but I can think of one that I got through, even though I don't like the lead actor and that's how good it was. But this might get us in trouble because it's Ozark. Oh, you're not a Bateman fan. I love Jason Bateman. Think he's a great actor. He just does this thing that drives me crazy and you'll never, you'll never not see it again if I tell you or he goes Okay. At the end of every like sentence. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. He's being he does that. He's being casual. Improvisational real. Yes.


Real talking. Exactly. And I know that and he knows what he's doing, but I can't ignore it and I can't be like, that's the character because Jason Bateman keeps fucking doing that. Yes, That's right. But it was such a good show that I was able to get past that. Wow. So yeah. I don think we can leave that in. Okay. Okay. Let his hands on his hips. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No, leave it. Let's fucking, let's get some fucking drama. Stir up. Yeah, Let's stir up. Let's Podcasting. Come on. Cross, cross podcast. Come on, rivalries. Well, come On. They've never heard of Us. Let's fucking Here's Yeah, exactly. Well, here's how they will hear of you.


Do you know that you talked about that you didn't make it on your high school's Wikipedia page. Yeah. You are. You are now on your high school's Wikipedia page. I know some beautiful Marino fucking went and added me. I don't, I wonder if it's still there and said that she hate it's Georgia attended high school, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah. And she hated every minute of it or something like That. Hey, Hey. That was an honor. That was definitely one of those moments in the podcast where I was like, wow, this is like, this is real. This is huge. This is like cool. It's huge. And I, I was so appreciative of it. What I think is funny is that it's the Wikipedia page for your high school. It's not even like your Wikipedia page.


It's like you were bummed about something that's real sub, sub sub. You know? No, because every high school Wikipedia page has people who of note, who attended every single one of them, including this one and had like these random like, you know, sports fucking commentator or whatever. And I'm like, I could, can I, I think I've, I think I've reached that. Excuse me, I was on cooking channel. Can I please have it? You know? Yeah. So I mean I bet yours has one too. Did we ever look It up? I doubt it. I mean, no, I don't think it's a high school that has like literally 200 kids at it in a small town in northern California has a Wikipedia page.


Yeah. This was a big one too. Yeah. We may have done, unless we broke the law somehow. Which, or like, 'cause we got a nice new football field or something, but I don't think so. Yeah. Okay. I don't know though. That's Okay. It's like you get your high school's like low key and mine is like, you know, High key. High key. The high. It's in the highest key. I think we should post the photo on the, when we post this episode on socials of the couch, photo of Us, one of my favorites. One of the great casual photos. What's the real word I'm looking for? Ass shot. Just complete butt shot of me. Yep.


Georgia ass and feet wearing her hot pants. Yeah. Yeah. With me with kind of my weird bald spot of like my cowlick my cowlick bald spot that's always been there. No, What's noticeable in this is your cheekbones. Every time this gets posted, people comment on your cheekbones. I'm very blessed. Very blessed. Thank you, pat. That's all. Pat Kilgar off's doing. Pat. That's nice. Those feet. I don't know who those are on me. Thanks Dad. I think those are Marty's. It would be amazing if you found out you were making so much money on Wiki feet. I know. Right now, Man. Honestly, if fucking, if fans only, whatever it's called existed in my twenties, I would've made some serious cash on those feet.


Yeah. But what are you gonna do? Alright, well let's get into George's story right now about the murder of Selena.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of Tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of A mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And Managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's. Built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye.


Goodbye


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's a science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, epigene and melatonin beams already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Girlies like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A Nice hot drink. And you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer yet. For a limited time, Try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/murder. And Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye.


Goodbye. Hey, we're back. Skips. Hey. Hi friends. All right. My favorite murder This week is Selena Quintanilla Perez. No, and the reason I'm doing it is that it is audio engineer Stevie Ray Morris of the per cast favorite murder attribute. I, yeah, no, I You've been sending me shit like Yeah, I was like sending you texts and I was like, Oh my God, I'm watching. And then, did you see this Aaron Brockovich did like a true crime today? It's crazy about it that I watched, watched other it. Well, I grew up listening to, 'cause I'm half my family. Yeah. I'm half Mexican. And so that music was always playing. And I remember like even listening to the music, just feeling really sad for some people.


Did you, were you little when she died? So you didn't know yet? Yeah, I, I mean it, I knew it affected because I would still go over to my family's houses and stuff And like I could tell she was huge. She was like, Madonna Times 20. Well, I'll tell you all about it. Oh. Oh did I? Steven Quince Illa. Oh, I don't, I mean, I'm not Mexican, but I don dunno how to speak Spanish. Okay. I wrote it down like I was very, She didn't know how to speak Spanish either. I know, I know. This is great. But you're fucking both of you. Shut up. Oops. Oh, Karen, your doorbell phone is ringing. Rolling up Selena Quintanilla Perez was born on April 16th, 1971 in Lake Jackson, Texas. And was called the Mexican American Madonna.


Oh, I must've known that. Did. I've watched the movie with J-Lo. I haven't seen it. Wonderful piece of art. Gosh. She's beautiful. They were both beautiful and she was poised to become a crossover success when her death turned her into a legend. Selena's father discovered Selena's quote, perfect timing and pitch and helped his kids form a band. And she was like nine years old when they started performing. Wow. The band once the parent, his parent, her parents lost their family restaurant. The band became the family's main source of income and they were in poverty. And this career, Selena's career just shook them out of poverty. 'cause they were evicted from their home during the Texas oil bust of 1982. And they moved to Corpus Christi, Texas.


Which sounds very hot, doesn't it? Yeah, I think it's super southern in Texas. Yeah. Like down on the Gulf maybe. Right? The That's a total Guess. I know. I was like, right. So I wanna, Well my cousin Cheryl lived in Corpus Christi when I was like in junior high. Okay. But why do I ever say anything? Is that a big military town? I think it is, Yes. In fact it has 25 that I have no fucking clue. Let's just talk about Corp Corpus Christi for the rest of the, so then the family band began recording music professionally. And in 1984 when Selena was, I think 13, the band released its first lp Selena Los Dinos. Fuck. I hope, I hope You don't get that. Selena and Fred Flintstone's dog dinosaur Hate mail can be sent to Karen.


K Gareth. I'm just translating Karen Kieth's apartment or house. The address is so Yes, Steven, you're correct. Selena was a third generation Texan of Mexican descent. So she didn't grow up speaking Spanish. So she didn't know any, but she learned all her songs phonetically. And when her popularity grew, she had to learn it. And she did it very quickly. Just like rock set. Like what? The Band Rock set. What Were they? German. Oh Yeah. Or Swedish or something. Oh, they had to learn English. Well, no, they just sang phonetically. They didn't know what they were saying. That's funny. Must have Been love. But it's all that she had no clue what that song said. How, but it's so powerful.


But it sounds so Pow. The ignorance makes it powerful. That's what it is. Like. 'cause that's what love does to you makes you stupid idiot. That's right. Okay. Groom popularity in the year 1987, she won the Ta Tejo. Oh God. I I Tejano Tejano Music award. I like, I was watching videos to get this correctly and I'm just screwing it all up. Tejano Music Award for Female Vocalists of the Year. And then she landed her first major record deal with Capital Latin in 1989. So she performed several times at the Houston Astro Dome to sold out crowds of more than 60,000 people.


Whoa. And after her death time, described her as the embodiment of young, smart, hip Mexican American youth from a tight knit family and a down to earth personality, a Madonna without the controversy, essentially. She was huge Mexican American star in her community and was poised to become a mainstream obsessed. And that community was obsessed with her and proud of her and felt like, you know, she was one of their own. Yeah. And she was a big fucking deal. Yeah. And she seemed like a very sweet person. Everyone in her band was her family except the guy, the guitarist they hired who she ended up marrying. Oh. Like they were, they seemed like good people.


They, it is like a Jackson five situation. Totally. But like super talented young kid. Yeah. But not creepy. And her dad was the manager, so they were very tight, More like a partridge family, but like, there We go. But actually, Or like a man band family. Fuck. Cut that out. Don't cut that out. I'm not sorry. All right. Where am I? Cut to mid 1991. Yolanda Saldovar. She was, So you see all these photos of her and videos of her? She was, when she got arrested, she was 35 years old. What? That's Quote unquote my age. She's 35. She looks like a fucking grandma.


Yeah. Okay. So 91, Yolanda Saldovar was around 30. And she was an in-home nurse for patients with terminal cancer and just a fan of Tejano music. Just a fucking random woman. She had a history of stealing money from her employers as well as trying, trying to become intertwined with the lives of other performers. And she attended one of Selena's concerts and became a fucking psychotic fan with the intent of starting Salina's Fan Club. She started obsessively calling Selena's father, leaving almost 15 messages until he gave her permission in June of 1991 to be the president of the fan club. Oh.


Which sounds like, okay, you know what, take this, run with it. Do your thing. Right, Right. Because you're harassing us. Yeah. So I, I mean that's, it's, it's the thing that they didn't know back then that people know nowadays, which is Like, just don't engage. Right. Yeah. 15 calls to anybody at any time is too many. Yeah. I don't care if like, you have a flat tire and you're calling triple eight too, but it's almost like, well, she's too many calls. It's Being consistent and she wants to run this thing and make us more money. And it's a thing that we haven't started. And maybe it'll help her with her. Like, this is what I'm thinking. Was there, you know what I mean? Like I'm just saying that's three calls Totally. In a day. Totally, Totally. Also like, you don't need to have contact with her. No. After that. Okay. So as president of the FAM Club, she was responsible for membership benefits, collecting money and promoting Selena, all that kind of thing.


And she actually didn't meet Selena until December 91, but they became close friends and Yolanda became a trusted, trusted by her whole family. In 94, she became Selena's assistant and quit her job as a nurse. Oh, I Didn't know that. Yeah, I did not know that. I thought she was Just the fan club. No president. She became her assistant. She quit her job as a nurse, even though she was making more money as a nurse than she was doing this. Like, she was just so obsessed and had posters all over her house and people come over. She would just make them watch Selena videos, talked about nothing else, and was just like, kind of cr like crazy about Selena. Wow. Yeah. I was kind of that way about kids in the hall for a little while, but it was a dark period in my life.


Were you? Yeah, I was just, I had flunked outta college and I was just weirdly obsessed. It was when they were running them on Comedy Central and I just say at home, it was the only thing that made me happy. Oh, that laugh was the creepiest. That was, I've never heard that laugh before. I just realized, I mean, every, we all have the potential. Everybody likes a thing. Sure. Like crazy and wants Them, like has this feeling of like ownership and like Yeah. And like I, no one understands it the way I understand it. It's almost made for me kind of a thing. Yes. But have you met them and told them that? See, my thing is that, and maybe it's just from working in tv, I, I really don't like celebrities. Like I know there's nothing more disappointing. And I think most people know it these days from reality TV and stuff.


Celebrities are very disappointing in real life except For us. I'm just kidding. Not telling us. Yeah, no, they're just, I mean the most they'll be is slightly pleasant. Yeah. But for the most part, you will, you will have regretted trying to be like, Hey, can I get a picture? I'm a big fan or whatever. You're not gonna get, I Love you. And it's some obscure thing and they're like, they don't Care. Okay. They don't care. It's super weird. It's like, you know. Yeah. It ruins it almost. So yeah. Good luck everybody. Good luck in Life with your fucking cute little fantasies. Whoa. All right. Well then, so in 94 Selena starts opening fashion boutiques.


She has two of them opening up. It's called Selena, et cetera. I didn't Know that. That's Cool. Yeah, I didn't either. 'cause she has this crazy style. It's very nineties and very like on point, like, you know, almost Madonna, but a little more hip. It's cute. It's those hu Well, from what I remember in the movie, there's like a lot of ruffles. Yeah. And a lot of like, you know, shimmery velvety pants and stuff like that. Like Hoop earrings and red lipstick and all. Yeah. It's totally pretty fucking sweet. So, so she, she's opening these clothing, these fashion stores, and asks Sal Devar to become the manager of the boutiques. So Sal Devar, because of doing this, is authorized to write and cash checks had access to the bank accounts associated with the fan club and the boutiques.


And Selena gave her an American Express card for the purpose of conducting company business. So she put her stalker, she made her stalker. The CEOO of the Company doesn't know that she's the stalker though. Oh, Right. Oh Yeah. Selena has no idea that she's the stalker. Got it. Got it. She just thinks she's a good friend of hers That's like willing to do all this Hard work. Yeah. That's like, you know, Selena's in this bubble of becoming famous and touring and all these things. And this person is becoming a trusted confidant. Has and, and think is a huge fan and, And clearly is an intelligent woman if she's a nurse Yeah. And all that other Yeah, totally. Okay. Yeah. And everyone said she was very manipulative and good at, you know, being manipulative.


Yeah. So 15 calls, that's all I have to say. Yeah. 15 calls. It worked somehow. So within a year, Saldovar had mismanaged the boutiques and they were failing. And then upon investigation, the family finds out that Saldovar had embezzled more than I, I saw 60,000, but I also saw a hundred thousand dollars. Wow. And forged checks from both the fan club and the boutiques. But Selena refused to believe it. She was like, no way. That's my friend. Like even her father who was a manager and her husband and brother were like, dude, they were like, dude, probably not like that. But eventually Selena kind of sees some shit going on and, and believes it.


And the family fires her, tells her not to come near Selena. But Selena still wanted to become friends, stay friends. She was like, you don't work for me anymore, but let's stay friends. So at this time, solid of our purchase is a snub nose, 38 caliber revolver. And here's what I think is the fucked up thing is a th is 38 caliber hollow point bullets than the bullets were designed to cause more extensive injuries than normal bullets. Oh no. Which like throws out later. We'll talk about it. So on March 31st in 1995, she convinces Selena to meet El her alone in a days in motel room promising to restore, to return financial documents that she had stolen.


And telling Selena that she had to come alone and that she had that Yolanda had been raped and needed someone to talk to. Oh, no. No. And This, she has to make up this lie because three other times in the past, like couple weeks, Yolanda had tried to get her alone and it had been foiled every time. And her husband had come or had they had met in a parking lot or something like that. So, so Yolanda was trying to get her alone. Yeah. So in the hotel room, they kind of, they kind of fight over the, the documents. And as they're doing that, the gun comes out and Selena turns to run and out the door and Saldovar shoots her in the back as she's running out, severing an artery leading from her heart.


And it came out the front of her chest on the other side. So it was kinda like a shoulder shot. And Selena's running towards the motel lobby as she's bleeding and Saldovar comes, there was witness said that he, she chased after her pointing the gun at her and calling her a bitch, Selena ran 130 yards to the motels lobby and collapsed on the floor. And meanwhile, Yolanda's now trying to escape in her car. And it was theorized that she's heading to the recording studio where the rest of Selena's family is to kill them too. Oh no. Like that's what they thought. But a police officer who was around the corner responded stopped her and instead of getting outta the car, she pulls the car into a parking space and gets kind of blocked in, in this parking spot.


So she's in her car in a parking spot with a gun won't come out. In the meantime, the motel staff is trying to help Selena. An ambulance comes in less than two minutes, but Selena's pronounced dead at 1 0 5 from loss of blood and cardiac arrest. Her last words were were, this fucking makes me wanna cry. Her last words. Yo, Yolanda Salva Salva saldovar room 1 58. Those were her last words. Like not tell my family I love 'em Is like she was just trying to make sure they knew who Did it. Yeah. Which makes me so sad. It's just like the, the last words out of your mouth are the, about your killer's name. Well, Yeah, I mean I know like I know like you should get them out, but then it just wish it could then be like something sweeter and she was only 23 years old.


Oh no. Oh no baby. Well, an autopsy's performed and this is what I thought when I heard about her running after getting shot, she died of heart failure. Wait, no. We realized Selena's heart fueled by adrenaline and I think from running, pumped all the blood out of her circulatory system. Oh. So I feel like if she hadn't run, she either might have gotten shot again by Yolanda, but she, but or the blood might not have. It's those hollow point bullets. Yeah. I mean, I don't think you can get shot and it comes out the other side and you can survive that. Right. No, because isn't that part of it is like they explode inside you and so when they come out, they just, instead of a bullet hole size coming out, it like rips out.


I mean, those things are evil. That sounds right. Yeah, they're, well that's the thing is, so event, so Saldovar is trying to say, I'm just trying to say that it was an accident that she was gonna kill herself. But it's like, well why did you buy those bullets that Yeah. Like you clearly had a motive. So meanwhile there's a nine hour standoff with Yolanda in which she is in her car with the gun to her head hysterically on the phone with the hostage or with the negotiator trying to say that she didn't mean to kill her. She was an accident, she was trying to kill herself and all these other excuses. But ultimately, let's see, da da da da. She gave herself in and she got arrested.


She's tried for first degree murder and claimed that the gun quote accidentally went off and all these other excuses. But ultimately it didn't work. And the jurors deliberated for less than three hours. And on October 23rd, 1995, they found saldovar guilty. She's sentenced to life in prison with a possibility of parole in 30 years, which is gonna be March 20, 25. Hmm. But everyone's like, she is so incredibly hated in Texas, she will be murdered and she has to be in solitary confinement because of that. Because the rest of Everybody wants to kill her in jail. Yeah. Everyone in jail who was huge, Selena fans her whole life wants to fucking murder her.


Yeah, that's, I mean, yeah. Yeah. So she's, she spends every day, 23 hours a day alone in a nine by six foot cell. Let's see. So the case has been described as the most important trial for the Latino population. And it was compared to the OJ Simpson murder trial, it was one of the most publicly followed trials in the history of Texas. Wow. Her posthumous 1995 crossover album, dreaming of you debuted at number one on the bi billboard charts and became triple platinum. That Just gave me chills. I know. She was the first Hispanic artist to have a predominantly Spanish language album debut and peak at number one.


That's So fucking cool. I know, I mean, terribly sad, but also because I remember that being in the movie where it's like the, the, it's a tragedy anyway. Yeah. But this was someone who was poised on the verge of crossing over at a time before that was like before J-Lo before any of those things were happening. Well we remember like In the late, you and I and people are, I don't remember In the late nineties, like this huge, this huge Latin pop explosion. Yes. And it became, that was like the first time it became mainstream. So Selena's doing this in the early nineties. Yeah. So she's for Ricky Martin, right. Before like any of that where it was kind of like the sexy, you know Yeah.


Shakira, any of that Stuff. Right. That wasn't, that wasn't on, on American Pop Radio. Yeah. Right. Like that was not on there at all. Yeah. So it, she was kind of a trailblazer and seemed like a good person and this fucking psycho bitch fan. Like I didn't, I didn't know. I always pictured it differently and it's just like so fucking tragic. Well It's also fascinating that thing of like when you can, it's like when you were saying, you know, she's just this random person, but you do trace those things of like a person who embezzles a person who like those kind of smaller crimes.


It, that's how every story goes like this. Yeah. Where it's like they always have a background where they're trying to get anything they want at any price. And they have like gray area morals too. Yeah. Like I don't like Yeah. Someone, if I knew a friend embezzled money, I would not trust that person. Even notice Yeah. You're not allowed to steal money from other pe It's not your money. No, no. You don't get to have, You have to abide by by certain rules in life and not screw other people over. And you don't wanna be that person. Like I remember there was a cafe I was working at when I was a teen and I had a, my, in my mind, I decided that I could take a $20 bill when I was closing at night so I could buy beer because they only paid me minimum wage.


Right. I had this whole rationalization. Totally. And I did it two times, was racked with guilt about it. And then the manager told me, did I tell you the story? The manager who was also my friend, like someone I hung out with, he goes, I don't, something's going on. We're always short. I think it might be the janitor. And then I was like, oh my. Because that's what happened. Yeah. You steal somebody else could go down for it or like, I mean the idea that he even would suspect this person who has nothing to do with it, it then I thought maybe he told me that 'cause he knew it was dead. Oh. Always me. Because it was always me. He did or was me the two times. And that was just a manipulation, which God bless you. Genius move. Yeah. But also like, and then I, like the next week I was talking to my dad on the phone and we were talking about something else and then he goes, Karen, there's some people out there that just can't keep their hands out of the till.


Oh. And then I almost threw up 'cause I was like, I almost wanted to go. That's me. My dad is my, my sweet dad is talking about bad people And I'm the bad person and you're, you don't wanna be the bad person. No, You don't. You don't need, whatever the thing is you think you need, you Don't And yeah, Get your own. Get your own. Get your own. You can, Yeah. Keep your, Keep your hands outta the kitty. That's super weird that I talked about that picture. It's so weird. Sorry About that. I didn't mean to tip it. I don't care. It's super weird. Like we've never talked about her before. No, not at All. That is super weird. Alright. Wow. That was a big story to cover. Do you have updates?


Yeah, I do. So Selena's music and legacy of course continue to live on after her death. In 1995, a wax statue of Selena was unveiled at Tus SO'S Hollywood and she was inducted into the Texas Women's Hall of Fame at Texas Women's University. Netflix of course released Selena, the series. And in 2023, rolling Stone ranked Selena at number 89 on its list of 200 greatest singers of all time, which is incredible. Also, Mac released a limited edition Selena makeup line. And it's been 30 years since Selena was murdered, which is crazy that it's been so long. And that means that Yolanda Saldovar is eligible for parole this year.


Her file will be reviewed including letters of support and protest, and a case summary will be prepared for the board voting panel. Her parole review date is March 30th of this year, 2025. So that's something to keep an eye on. Hmm. That's such a high profile case, you know? Yeah. I can't imagine she's gonna be paroled. Not that that's what it's about, but No, but I mean that was such a, that story of like a person, so inside turning on her Yes. Is such a nightmare story. It's like it's not, this woman was not a serial killer. She was not like this a hardened criminal in this way. Yeah. It was something horrible happened.


And it doesn't feel the same as the story of the usual stories that we tell of Yeah. You know, a man being out there trying to kill every woman that he sees. Right. But she took advantage of this vulnerable person in a way that was so ugly and then and then killed her when that person found out about it. Yeah. It's just so cold-blooded to me that and just horrible. Yeah. Let's keep an eye on that. And so this is another kind of epic story that you've done that gets brought up a lot. And so let's hear Karen's story about the Zku chicken murders.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Georgia. Have you ever had one of those nights where you're just staring at the ceiling, willing yourself to sleep? Actually, yeah. Last night and the night before that and the life before that. And that's what makes Beam's Dream Powder so exciting. It's A science-backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream Is made of a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, apogen, and melatonin beams already improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. Helping people across the country wake up energized to tackle anything thrown their way. Insomnia. Girlies like me know that magnesium l-theanine and melatonin are the secret to getting a good night's sleep. I have been taking these ingredients on their own for years, so now they're in one delicious packet. Like, that's all I need. A Nice hot drink. And you're out. Here's the deal. Beam is giving our listeners their best offer yet. For a limited time, Try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop beam.com/murder and Use code murder at checkout. That's Shop BEA m.com/murder. And Use code murder for up to 40% off. Start getting your best sleep tonight. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Contrary to popular belief, since the birth of man women have also existed And yet it's so hard to find brass and shapewear that don't feel like a punishment. Enter honey love. Honey Love is an independent female founded brand specializing in bras, shapewear, and intimates designed for real women's bodies because All honey love products are intelligently designed by women who actually wear them. They recently launched the cross flex bra, which is designed to support you all day from your workday to your workout. Honey Love bras are supportive and wire free thanks to bonding technology that lifts without underwire. You deserve a bra that's lightweight and comfortable without sacrificing support. A great bra is the foundation of any great outfit. Start every outfit with honey, love and elevate your style. Treat yourself to the best brass and shapewear on the market. Save 20% off honeyLove@honeylove.com slash mfm. Use Our exclusive link to get 20% off honey love.com/mfm to find your perfect fit. After you purchase, they ask you where you've heard about them. Please show support for the show and tell them we sent you. Elevate your comfort, elevate your style with Honey. Love Goodbye.


Did I talk about your murder yet? What's interesting it? No. No. All right, Karen. But you've lived near it. I'm sure you've heard about it. Okay, because it's the Zku chicken murders. Ooh. And there's one on my way from work driving here. There's one Here. I'm not. I drove by one. Yeah. Let's Tell everyone, let's give everyone directions from Zko Chicken to my apartment. That's why it got real vague. Yeah, thank you. But this, so my mouth is watering. I know. Zanker chicken is So good. Zko Chicken is legendary in Los Angeles.


If you've ever visited here, if you have friends that live here and you're not wealthy, you've probably eaten here because Sanko Chicken is the best food that you can get for a decent price. Yep. And everybody knows it and everybody talks about it. It's up there with Roscoe's chicken and waffles up in that way of like, if you're here, you have to go try this. Definitely. And Pinks, Pink's, hotdog, that kind Thing. Pinks is shit. It's so shit. But it's fun to stand in line drunk. So go There. Not gonna lie, I fucking chomp some chili dogs my day, But I've wa for 20 years, I've driven by pinks and watched people standing in line at three in the morning to get those hot dogs. So the first time I went there I was like, this is gonna be crazy.


And it was just hot Dogs. It's just hot dogs, but Yeah. Yeah. They're gross in a good way. I mean, Yeah. It's like greasy. It's disgusting. Drunken food total. Totally. Okay. So there, I got most of my information from this awesome article from Los Angeles Magazine that was written by a guy named Mark Ax, and it's from April 1st, 2008. There's way more information than I could even entertain. So if this interests you at all, look at that. You can Google it and it'll come up right away. And I remember reading this probably five years ago because the, when this murder happened, everybody knew about it. Yeah. All of a sudden. And everybody was crazy freaked out about it. It'd be like your local mom and pop cafe, like some terrible thing happening there.


But the story behind it is kind of fascinating 'cause it's like, so in Los Angeles there's a, there's a city that's right behind the hill that says Hollywood on it. Right behind that city is both Burbank and Glendale. I mean, right behind that mountain is Burbank and Glendale. And Glendale has these single largest population of Armenian people that isn't Armenia in the world. Wow. It's huge. And Armenians came there after they were, there was a Turkish genocide, which there we see parades about and, and flags about. And it's like, it's weird because I never heard of anybody being Armenian until I moved to LA.


And now I feel like I know a ton of stuff about the Armenian culture simply because, like I live in Burbank. I live close to Glendale. Yeah. So anyway, this is this restaurant. Zan Co Chicken was started originally in Beirut, Lebanon by a man named Vart. Oh. And the pronunciation on this is going to, if you're Armenian or if you're just not a Valley girl, it's going to offend you. Vartkes. Arian and his family started the first Zanuck chicken in Beirut in 1962. Oh wow. And then they brought it over here in 1983.


And, and it was the, the chain actually was opened by Ros, who is the son. Okay. And his parents were not interested in having a restaurant in America. They wanted to do, do dry cleaning, maybe go into the suit business. They looked into all these other businesses that were more kind of reliable than a restaurant. But Marro believed that this, he looked around and he saw how few Middle Eastern restaurants there were with so with such huge populations Yeah. Of people that would appreciate the food. There was almost no food to feed them. That was like from their home. Totally. So they opened their first restaurant at the corner of Sunset in Normandy, in East East La Halla.


Hey. Hey. And it, the LA Times said it's the best roast chicken in town at any price. Which is kind of really saying something for the Ola Shihi restaurants they have here. Sadly, the Zagged Guide would say that Zku was one of America's best meal deals. Oh my goodness. America. Not just la, which is cool. Jonathan Gold, who's a very famous food writer, he adores Zku chicken, reviewed it and said it, the chicken was superb. And nothing in heaven or on earth compares with the garlic paste. Oh My God. That garlic Paste. The garlic paste is what everybody talks about. And it was invented by Ros's Grandmother shut up.


And his mother makes it, made it all by hand. So it was a secret recipe. PE people still don't know what's in it. It's this white paste that you get with your chicken and your rice and your hummus and your pita. It's this Little tub. It's like a si on the side And it is tangy and pungent and garlicy, but there's something else going on. It's kind of like butter. Like you can't figure out, all you wanna do is eat it and put everything that you eat Into it. And then for the next day you're belching garlic. Yes. It's like you're filled with garlic. It's the best you re of it's, it's quite an experience. Yes. So that was kind of their secret weapon, aside from the fact that they figured out that other rotisserie chicken places, they realized you have to move the chicken itself and you have to play with the temperatures.


Hmm. You can't just keep it on one temperature all the time. Okay. So they basically kind of went in there and tried to figure out how to give people who wanted to eat authentic Middle Eastern food, the best version of that food and not just go like, here, yeah, here's whatever. So, which is amazing. Apparently one time on Curb Your Enthusiasm Larry David referred to it as Chickens. So Good. It could end the Rift in the Middle East. So like everybody in LA knows about this book. It was Also in a Beck song. That's Right. That's right. There was a, there's a list on Wikipedia of all Oh really? All the popular culture things. There was somebody on Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Oh, that so funny. Also liked to eat there.


So they started as this hole in the wall chicken place. And after I would think like over two years, they were making $2 million a year. Holy shit. And half of that was pure profit. Oh my God. So they, they were doing obviously great. So there were rumors. Oh. So in this article, this is one of my favorite things in this article, this guy Mark, the writer talks, starts out by talking about the Armenian culture and everything. And he says, there's a saying that little old Armenian ladies say in Armenian, which is, let's sit crooked and talk straight. Which totally made me think of Us.


Oh my God, isn't that the best? Let's sit cook crooked and talk straight. That's basically let's gossip Is what they mean. I, that is us to a t know and I'm fucking in love with it. It's The best. So of course in the Armenian, I keep saying culture, but what I mean is community. Yeah. They, this family rose to prominence obviously. 'cause they're all of a sudden started making this tons of money and their food was crazy popular. Yeah. But they also were huge philanthropists and gave so much back. So they were kind of famous within that community because they were a, a huge part of it. Yeah. So there was gossip.


It was never confirmed that Pepsi was offering the company $30 million for the chain and the trademark. Holy shit. And this was when it was kind of like peaking in Yeah. In its popularity. And at that same time, even though Maduro's parents did not wanna expand, they just wanted to keep that one the first shot. Oh my God. We're so cute. He was like, we, he kept fighting to expand. He's like, we have to do it. We have to do it. So finally they agreed to split. And what they agreed to do was Mur, I think it's Ros, sorry if I'm, I know I'm pronouncing his name wrong. But they agreed that, that he would take the concept and he would build the chain.


And any stores that he opened doing that, whether they failed or succeeded, would be on him. Okay. 'cause that's basically what the family was afraid. Yeah. Don't, don't, let's not lose all our money. We got a good thing. Let's just keep this good thing going. And in return, he would sign over his stake of the original in Hollywood to his parents and his two sisters. But they weren't splitting. It wasn't, they weren't, they weren't, you know, it was, they were still completely together as a family. The garlic paste was still made by his mother at all the Zan cos Wow. Which I just can't get over this woman who was probably at the time in her, I would say probably late sixties, early seventies.


Yeah. And, and they say in this article, they talk about how this mother wa, I think her name is Margaret, spelled with RIT, she worked, she got up at seven 30 every morning and went into work and worked till seven o'clock at night. And when she was done cooking for the restaurant, she would start to cook for the people that worked at the restaurant. Oh my goodness. Like, cook people there home at, you know, food from home that they liked. Take a break, honey. No, she couldn't do it. She was like obsessive, which I love. Oops. Sorry. That's, that reminds me of my grandma. Like my grandmother's index fingers were both bent at almost like right angles because of how much she cleaned. Oh my God. Because she was, she came over here from Ireland when she was 17, and she was a maid for most of her life.


Wow. Until she met my grandfather. So it's like those old country people Yeah. Are just like, we're here to earn it. Yeah. We're here to fucking get our shit. You, you're able to, you're able to do it. Yeah, that's right. And also if you start a business, you gotta put, give it your all. So you make it into something. Totally. And they really did. They were this amazing family success story. And madeiros, well, he would constantly say to the whole family, success means nothing if we don't stay as one. Greed must never rear its head. There's plenty for all of Us. Hmm. And So he had his sister and she had two sons and they loved all of each other. They were cousins, but they were, they felt more like they were each other's, you know, he had four boys, she had two sons.


They were all, you know, very, very close. In fact, his wife was quoted as saying before we married, he told me, I'm going to live with my parents my whole life. I will never leave my mother. She was queen of the house, not me. Next to God, it was his mother. Holy shit. So just to give you a sense of that, so Madeiros is diagnosed, sorry, I'm, I don't have the date on this, but I believe it was in like 2001 I think. Or so he gets diagnosed with inoperable bladder and brain cancer.


Holy shit. So he basically felt like he knew something was wrong. He had pains in places, but he didn't go to the doctor. He avoided it. Mm. And so by the time he went in, it had spread. So he holds a family meeting and he tells his mother and his sister and his wife that he's dying and that when he dies, he wants the zku business to go to his four sons. Oh my goodness. Now the problem there is that his four sons were at the time and had been for a couple years, fuckups Oh no. And in ways where the oldest son had been caught trying to cheat on a law school entrance exam.


And so was ba had been a top student at, I think it was Woodbridge University. And So he basically got kicked out and was like barred from ever taking the test because he was gonna cheat. Wow. So after that, he became an evangelical Christian. He was like one of those guys that stands on the street. Holy shit. Like with a bullhorn. Yeah. The second oldest son was tried for attempted murder when the pimp of the sex worker that he had just visited stole money from him. And he ended up chasing him up the freeway and shooting at his car. Oh my God. And he, he ended up getting tried for attempted murder.


Wow. And it, it turned out to be a mistrial, So he never had to go to jail. But of course that mark, and, and of course, you know, if this is the richest family in the community and shit like, this starts popping off. Everyone know about it, everyone's talking about it. Then the two younger were basically just on drugs. But when I was reading this article, it sounded so harsh, but it's like, that's that thing of like, I, I feel like you can't get rich quick like that. Yeah. And have things just go great. Yeah. Because once you start getting all the money you want and you can buy all the things you want, then you start wanting the things you can't have. Yeah. And it gets a little nuts like that. Oh, I get it.


I gonna look at my riches. I just please watch your behaviors is what I'm saying. Okay. So when he makes this announcement, the room goes silent because that's, he's saying, yeah. They're the ones that should get it. And his sister and his mother are both just staring at him. And, let's see, it says his mother sat stone faced. She didn't ask what kind of cancer he had or what the prognosis that the doctors gave him. Instead she blurted out in Armenian, your son's, the shadow they cast is not yours. Whoa. And then she got up and she walked up the stairs and shut the door. Holy shit. Now she lived with him as he had said.


Yeah. Him and his wife Rita, she wouldn't speak to him. So she would get up at seven 30 every morning, go to work, come home, they'd be standing in the kitchen, she'd get a glass of water and go upstairs and shut the door. Your Son's dying. Yes. And as he was getting chemotherapy, as he was losing his hair, he ended up losing 60 pounds. Oh my God. He was, he was dying of cancer. Silent treatment. That's So sad. It's really fucked up. And it's, it's very old country. Totally, totally. I mean, it, it's, it's, it's how some people are. It's hard. And obviously, I think knowing, at least based on what the wife says, the relationship that he had with his mother, this was breaking him.


Yeah, it was, it was terrible. Sure. So after a year of the silent treatment, Oh my God. He, he went into his mother's room and he took down the, there was a picture of him as a child in Beirut with her when he was like four years old, that she had kept up on her dresser. He took it down, he took out the picture, he ripped it in half, he burned the half with her on it, and he crumbled up the half with him on it and threw it away and then put the frame back up. And holy shit, two days later, their house catches on fire. No. Yeah. Yeah. And their house, they, him and his wife almost get caught in the house. They have to get rescued by firemen.


The house burns down, the mother takes, you know, her stuff or whatever. I don't know how much she had left and moves in with the sister. Whoa. So she's gone. And that's the last How did the House catch on fire or we don't know. No, but he, as he's going into his sickness and on, you know, I'm sure tons of painkillers and in a weird place, he's telling his son, Steve, that the fire is, his mother's doing that she knew based on what he did to the picture that that's, that was her. And Oh My God, I can't stop doing that. It's okay, Steven. We need a new setup. Sorry.


So yeah, he's hallucinating basically, and saying that, that it was somehow her doing, he believed that his mother and her sisters and his sisters were plotting against him. Mm. Well They are. To not give your fucking kids this goddamn business. Well, yeah, I mean, I mean, yeah. Yeah. They were, it's, it's everybody's worst nightmare. It's kind of like, oh, so this, this is actually what it comes down to. Totally. Really at the end. So Steve having to hear this, and of course loving his grandmother and being in the middle of it, said, can't you ever forgive her? And Ros was quoted as saying, God will forgive the devil before I can forgive my mother.


Holy Shit. And then he said, because this is a mother not a devil. Which is super sad. It's like, yeah. Ultimately your mother turned her back on you when you were in your worst place. Yeah. And also it's that thing of, I'm sure after years and years of busting her ass to make this restaurant work, he was gonna come in and be like, here's how it's gonna happen. Yeah. So it's like giving bad news and bad news. Like she Could also be like, you know how some people get mad at someone who's sick because it's easier than the sadness you can feel. Yes. So she might have been mad at him that she had to watch her son die. Yes. And it's easier than It's a thousand percent easier.


Yeah. Yeah. That's, it's a stage of grief. Totally. But she, yeah, it's, it's hard. Yeah. Because when someone else has a disease, then it's all about them. Yeah. And how hard it is for them. You can't be mad at them. Yeah. Like, I'm sure she had tons of guilt. It was just this impacted problem. Yeah. So anyway, on January 14th, 2003, ROS who had been bedridden and was dying, gets out of bed, puts on a white silk suit that he hadn't worn in 20 years. Whoa. Gets a nine millimeter handgun and a 38 caliber revolver.


Whoa. And walks down the stairs of his house. His wife, Rita couldn't believe what she was seeing dude. And she, she said in the way it's written in this article from a man so near death cancer, everywhere he looked beautiful. Aw. So he is having some weird last, yeah. Later on in the article they went, he does not have that outfit on. Okay. So they think that she's remembering it because it's this Yeah. Crazy moment. And she's remembering him basically as his beautiful young self that she fell in love With. Oh my God, I'm gonna Cry because it's a really beautiful story. But she, they lived across the street from each other in Beirut and she, he was 19 and she was 12.


Oh. And he was like, no, no, no, no. They did that. That's not when it started. That's when she first noticed him. Oh. Because he was like, okay, I'm back to the high roller. Yeah. Don't be freaked out. It's actually very sweet. Yeah. And then when she got older, like she was 18 and he was like 26. Yeah. They started dating. Okay. So it's very sweet. Like she was in love with him all her life. I'm gonna cry. So she said, you're two weeks to go anywhere, please get back in bed. And he said, I feel better, don't worry, I'm just gonna go down to Zku and see my friends. So she to see an old friend. And so she, you know, fuck was like, all right, I'll see you soon. But he didn't go to Zku, goddammit.


He didn't go to Zku. He went to his sister's house. The housekeeper lets him in. He sits at the table, the housekeeper gives him lemonade. His sister comes downstairs, she was in the shower. They sit and have a pleasant conversation and share some lemonade. Then a Margaret, the mother comes home from work around 2:00 PM and she greets him. She says hello to the daughter first, then she says hello to him, puts her stuff down, sits at the table and the housekeeper goes downstairs to her apartment. 'cause she knows that they need to talk to each other. So they talk for about five minutes and it's just normal chit chitchat.


And then he reaches into his waistband for his gun and he shoots his sister across the table, then Shut the up Like point blank. And then his mother screams and runs for the door and he runs after her. And he blocks the door, stands in front of her about like 15 feet away from the door it said. And he raises the gun in Armenia and she says, don't shoot me please. And he shoots her eight times. He shoots her once she goes down on the ground and then he stands over her and Shoots her seven more times. Holy shit. He looks around the room and sees his 23-year-old nephew is on the stairs. No, no, No. Frozen. No, no, no. And he just turns around, goes over into the living room, sits on the couch and shoots himself in the head.


Holy fuck, are you serious? So, Oh my God. Now Rita, the wife, well at least at the time of this article was, had to be in charge of all the zans. No. And it was this whole, they were in court about the trademark and, and who owned the rights to it was, it's this huge thing. And I didn't even get into it. Kiss. Poor, Poor woman. There's so much more to this article. A poor woman after year, maybe years or maybe however long, taking care of her sick husband.


Yes. That's fucking stressful as hell. And raising four boys Who were not doing, who were fuckups, who Were rich kids, you know, who were like, who were rich kids. And she was a very traditional kind of old school wife where she didn't work. Yeah. She didn't Go to the store. She stayed home and was a housewife and took care of that family man. And suddenly just got thrown into this. I would never wanna raise rich kids, you know? No. Well, but also because that's not anything you have experience with. So like they're having a, a whole life that you don't even understand. They can do whatever they want. Yeah. So then, then after taking care of her sick, dying husband, then this happens. And she has to be in charge of so much shit she didn't expect to be in charge of Yeah.


That poor woman. Yeah. So, I don't know. That's, that's that rough story behind the best restaurant in la. Who Owns it now? Is it still in the family? I think they still do, but I'm not sure. I didn't get, I like once the murder part was over, that article goes on forever talking about all that part. Yeah. So I figure if people are super interested in who owns the rice, because then cook chickens, that's, you can go for it, but I don't give a fuck. I wanna a, my stomach is growling. I know. Are you hungry now? Oh, that's, I want to eat four chickens. I do too. I'm, I'm like already thinking about what I'm gonna order tomorrow when I go there.


Okay, we're back. Karen, do you have any updates? There are a couple. So, and I've actually thought about this a lot because the line that journalist Mark ACHs used when he wrote this article for Los Angeles Magazine about the Zko chicken murders that sit crooked and talk straight, which is Armenian saying, yeah. As I learned from Mark ACHs in that article has basically people love that line. Yes. And they love it for this podcast. So it's been brought up in relation to this podcast. So I just want to be very clear that we didn't make it up. Mark ACHs actually didn't, but he did. He found it and he, you know, that's that like beautiful long form journalistic work that someone does where they're like building out this world.


Not just like, you know, the hard and fast true crime journalism, but like this beautiful story of fully fleshed out of what's this family is all about and where they come from. So yeah, I thought about that a lot afterwards. 'cause it was just like, man, that one part of an article got so kind of popular. Yeah. It's Stuck. It totally stuck. So thank any older Armenian lady, you see the next time you see them, if you like that saying, 'cause that's who probably her mother said it first anyway, in 2006, a court ruled that the trademark that they were basically all fighting over for Zan Co Chicken something I eat literally twice a week minimum.


Just have to That's so good. The trademark for that belonged to both sides of the family. That's what the court ruled. So Rita Isand and her four sons own the Zan cos that Madeiros opened, the surviving ne nephews inherited their mother's share of the first Zan Co. The one in Hollywood. And they still co-own it with their aunt though they all still battle over the trademark. Both sides have continued to basically expand the franchise. Yeah. One thing I love about this podcast is I think a lot of people who'd listen ended up when they come to LA for a vacation go to Zku now.


Yeah. And Del Taco. And I'm fucking proud of that. Hell yes. You know, if we, if we've given anyone any like good tips, that's one of the best I think, I mean, I go to go to Zku Yes. And go to Zku because the Armenian culture in Los Angeles is huge. Definitely. It's the second largest densest population of Armenians outside of this country of Armenia. Yeah. Actually that photo that we took is in taken, my first apartment in Hollywood was in Little Armenia and Little Armenia And it was such a pleasant neighborhood and the shops and I just, I loved it. Yeah. And that's Little Armenia. And then Big Armenia is Glendale. Yeah.


It's called Glendale. Yeah. Get get Over there with the Kardashians over at the Carousel restaurant. But I think it's kind of cool because it's like this story, this restaurant is such a huge part of the city and the background of the restaurant is just as much a part of Los Angeles as movies and anything else. It's like, if you're going to zku on your trip out here, you're doing yourself right. And you're really getting a true taste of LA I think. Yeah, Absolutely. Alright. This episode was originally titled Just the 32 of Us. I mean, it's classic so good. But just to humor us. Let's see, what will you name it these days based on something we said in the episode. So I like this one.


Consider Me Wrong Again, which I said during Corrections Corner. Hey. Like, you know, that could be tattooed on my fucking gravestone. You know, It's a real exercise in humility. Yeah. Corrections Corner as a practice. I think we've, right. We've really, we've set ourselves up really nicely to just do that inner our work every week. How do we fuck up? How do we fuck up in Public? Yeah, for sure. Also, there's skippers Come on home, which is us joking that skippers should come back. Listen to the episode after they finish the intro. Yeah. Start now. Yeah. Press play now. Skippers. Right. Well thank you for not skipping. We appreciate you guys sticking with it. Even if you did skip in the beginning and maybe don't skip now. Like, cool. Thank you. I Feel like people listening to rewind are the opposite of skippers.


Yes. They're just like, we wanna hear every dirty, fucked up thing you've ever done. We're gonna be here for all of it. Yeah, that's, We're gonna hear every story. We're gonna hear every horrible thing, Every anecdote, every corrections corner. Yeah. All right. Thanks. You guys. Stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


Ah, This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For a liability, get into Tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places


It's tax season. And by now, I know we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's an important one. You need to hear $16.5 billion. That's how much money in refunds the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Here's another 20%. That's the overall increase in identity theft related to tax fraud in 2024 alone. But it's not all grim news. Here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by another good number. The million dollar protection plan. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face identity theft and financial losses alone. There's strength in numbers. With LifeLock identity theft protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.