
This is exactly right.


Did you know an American Home Shield warranty helps protect items in your home that you use every day? If Covered parts of your hvac, electrical, plumbing, or appliances break, American Home Shield will fix or replace them no matter their age. You can Save on a new plan today. Our listeners get 20% off any plan. Visit Ahs.com/mfm to sign up and see promo details. See ah hs.com/contracts for coverage details, including limit amounts, fees, limitations, and exclusions. Goodbye. Goodbye.


We went from normal life healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy, and we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music Gives dot org.


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory. That's s Hiring your Neighbors. Maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza Night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how Life insurers put life into america@aci.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


Hello And welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. That's right. Every Wednesday we recap our old episodes with all new commentary, updates, and insights. And Today we're recapping episode 46, which we named Don't Fast Forward. We named Skippers Unite. Skippers Unite. In these trying times, at least we can come together on one issue and that's skippers needing to shut up. This episode came out on December 8th, 2016, And in honor of our skippers, let's get right into it. Here's the intro of episode 46. Go. Hi. Hi. How are you? Hi. Go.


Podcasting. Podcasting. Go do, do podcasting. What if this was a podcast about podcasting? I, That could be a Thing. That would be the end of us. What if This was a podcast about podcast to talk about podcasting? What if this is a podcast about how to start a podcast and then we started listening to it and learn and we're soon able to start a podcast correctly. That would be, I think that would be detrimental to our, To our brand. To Our brand. I'm Sorry. I'm sorry. Detrimental to our personalities. Detrimental to riffs. Our riff styles, dude. Yeah. Well, this is all, this is all scripted. This part Isn't that weird how much we play it natural when actually we're reading every word we're saying right now off of large teleprompters.


Wait, Georgia, laugh out loud. Oh shit. Karen, laugh even louder. And clap your hands. Welcome. Hey, Did you say bye? Si. Oh, welcome to my favorite Murder. Welcome to my favorite Murder, the podcast that asks the question, why do people listen to this and doesn't answer it? And then talks about other stuff. Yep. Yeah. Our blessed, blessed Steven Ray Morris brought me a gift today that You know when people who know how to give a gift. Yeah. And it really means a lot because like my own mother for years at Christmas, I would open things and be like, you clearly wanted someone else as a child.


I walked in tonight and there was a diet Coke tall boy waiting for me on Georgia's coffee table. Like she doesn't even, he puts it in Karen's spot. Like he doesn't even say like, Hey, Karen. Like, hand it to her when he gets, Nope. It's like, and he did it when I, like, I came out and I was like, oh. Like, it's just, it's so sweet and so subtle and it's like in your spot. Thanks, Steven. All those things, Steven. And then on top of it, the things I want the most, which are Diet Coke and quantity. Steven's your new mommy. Steve's my mommy. And also, oh, I called him Steve. And also, also when I was a young alcoholic, really ready to take on the world through slurry speech and secrets.


It's The best way. Man secrets No one wanted to hear. I tell you, Sonny, I would drink Budweiser, tall boys. Oh, from the Jesus from the corner store. Holy becausecause. They were cheap shit. And they would get you like buzzed enough so that you could still use money and not like lose your lose money or lose your, it's that Id perfect buzz that you should have just ridden, but instead you added to it always. You know what I mean? Yes. Two glasses of champagne. Here I am fucking rock me. Like, you know? And then like me under her case. Yeah. And then I'm like, well, one more then Yes. And then I'm like, oh, Yes, stupid. And then I go, two more. Now let's switch to Jameson's. Oh, now let's fight the doorman.


That's why I had to stop drinking. It would always go down this path where I was like, wait, don't do that. Now it's on to, I thought you were, be like, now it's onto gin. Nope. Now I'm fighting the Doorman. No, now Duke's up. Now it's like, I'll kick you in the shin and then tell you a secret. Oh Yeah. I'm plucky. I'm lucky, Karen. I'm angry about things that don't make sense. I've had every advantage in life and I'm still mad. I want it all. So, thank you Steven. Thank You Steve. Steven, thanks for bringing back her memories. Means The world. I'm glad. And thank you all for listening. Yeah. To my favorite murder. That's Karen, by the way. And that's Georgia.


Georgia's still an alcoholic. Karen's an ex alcoholic. It's all the same. No, I'm still an still alcoholic. You always are. Yes. But you're not an alcoholic. Or you would've fucked everything up by Now. You know, I'm a practicing, I'm a, I went to a new doctor today and I was like, how do Na n path, I can't say it. Na naturopath. A homeopath. No. Or a naturopath. Natural path. A natural path. And I was like, how do I explain to her like, what's wrong with me? Because there's a lot wrong with me. And I was like, oh, I know. And I'm a very highly functioning mess. I'm like, oh, that's, that's it. Yes. Yeah. Like I Did she get it? Yes. She was great. She got me awesome. Yeah.


Who can't say that though? Who wouldn't say that about themselves? Well, people who aren't high functioning. Oh, that's true. You know what I mean? That might be me. Or I'm like, I'm a mess. That also can't return phone calls. Except you're, you also clearly don't believe in yourself because you're incredibly high functioning. Oh, that's true. You Have a fucking job and a hit fucking podcast. What? Well, No, She became that person. You Lizzie Cooperman. Actually I did become Lizzie Cooperman. Yeah. Speaking of we, Hey, we're on the iTunes. Fucking, I know. I think we have to cut down Rag corner. Okay. I feel I'm, it gets me scared. Okay. I just wanted to thank everyone for listening. You're right. Because they wouldn't, we wouldn't be on this if nobody listened.


That's exactly right. That's so I wanted to thank you guys. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks. Thank you so much. Bye. Bye. See you later. That was brag corner. That was, that was brag. But, but really embarrassed about a corner. I have a lot of shame issues. That's what I have to take to my nature path. Brag, Shame issues. Brag, shame corner. That's just have to take your natural path. I'm gonna take it down a natural path to a pond. I'm gonna throw it down in the pond of shame. Oh, it's a beautiful pond. It's such a gorgeous bottomless pond. I go boating there, like sail boating there sometimes I really enjoy myself on the pond of shame. I bring a What do you parasol? Yes. Right? Yeah. Like a, like a classy lady from the twenties.


Yeah. Sha a classy, shameful person. That's me. That's me. All over. What, what other corners do you wanna talk about? I Guess, Should we get ready to show corners? So like the skippers, don't you get this part? Tour corner. Tour corner. Exciting announcement corner. We're we're gonna have a tour happening. You guys We're, somebody believes we're legit because they had actually planned a semi not really nationwide tour for us. And perhaps slightly outside nature. I mean, America National. We're Only going to national parks. That's what Karen's trying to say.


We're only doing shows in Natural Park And we're trying, we're trying to get disappeared out of a natural park. Yeah. Like those weird stories where people disappear out of natural Parks and everyone the only, you have to chop down a tree if you're gonna come. That's right. We're gonna basically chop down all the woods. We're Gonna go find the bad people in the woods. Oh yeah. And we're going to live podcast murder them. Have you heard the number of like, how many, did we already talk about this? How many murderers are you've brought that up. What, how many murderers or murders happen in parks? National parks. National parks and the whole thing of children disappearing in national parks. And It's like, is it an animal or is it a, a human animal? But if It's an animal, how did they get so far away?


10 miles away? No Shoes. Yeah. You would've seen like a clothing thing. Yeah. Yes. No, there's no bones or spewer. Fuck. I know. We gotta do a, a fucking national park show. National park tour where we're dressed up in park ranger outfits. Oh. Oh. I look good in brown. I know. And kind of like a, I'll do a moss green thing that won't look good on me, but it'll, I'll wear a strong red lip and they'll be like, I don't know. I like it. Anyway. Tight Ponytails. Just 'cause they're no nonsense. Yep. And those pads where it looks like we're writing people tickets, it's like, it's love. It just, we can't get Lyme disease. Hey, do you guys wanna know about our Tour? Yeah. That actually. Should we talk about the thing we brought up? No. So we're gonna, I guess we're going on a tour from like January to April.


Yes. But like the most, like, we don't, we don't wanna travel that much tour. Like a weekend or tour. We should call it something. Yeah. That we don't, We should call it. We don't try too hard tour. Right. Give us like three weeks and we'll get a great name of a tour for you. We, we don't care about you and what's the city? We're not going to, we don't care about You Don't do it. Don't say it. Okay. Okay. Okay. And everyone's heart to, because then we have To go there because we're actually going to one of the cities. I said, I don't wanna go to fucking That's right. All ready. Okay. Yes. Do you know what I have decided? What? I don't. No, Ryan, I'm sound like a dick uhoh. That if we go overseas, I'm fucking flying first class. I'm flying myself first class. Oh, that's nice. Because You have all those anxieties about travel.


And my therapist was like, fucking spend a little extra money. That's right. And it's okay. Like, don't buy all the weird shit you buy. So save up. Save up and get one of the craziest, most expensive. But that's very true. Because I don't know how much it is. Is it really crazy? It's Like, it, it's gonna be a couple thousand dollars. Oh, nevermind. I thought it'd be like a thousand. Maybe. It'll, it'll be pretty expensive. Especially if you're going to like Europe or Australia. That's true. But like for Australia, you have to, I actually, my father, who is very frugal and very like no frills mil, no frills. Kill Gareth. He was like, you have to his, he my mother and he loved Australia. And they would go, they went there a bunch. Oh my God. And he was like, we, the first time we went, we flew over coach and they came back executive class, which I think is just like the Yeah.


Cheap man's version. The first class. It's what? It's what It's what it used to be. It's what normal flying used to be as business Class. Yes. Before they smashed everybody together. Right. Anyhow, he basically said the man who won't spend money on anything was like, you have to buy a first class ticket if you're going, if you're gonna be in a plane for that long. Yeah. Treat yourself. It's completely worth it. So don't feel bad. I'm Doing it Anyway. Any, What else? Oh, I just saw the pictures on the Facebook of the DC meetup. Oh. You know, did you look at it? Did You look at the cocktails they made? Yes. Oh my God. Did you now I the cocktail that was the Karen is exactly my personality. Shut up. I'm gonna read that. I don Know who that person is. But it was literally like Scotch, Dr.


Buoy coffee. And like, it was pretty a middle finger. It was made me so happy. It was pretty legit. Wait, let me read the menu. 'cause the menu was so good. So it was called the, it just said the menu was called drinks. And then underneath it in, in parentheses said, do not drink with older people, which I fucking love. And then the beer on draft was called Stay Outta the Forest and Drink Local Beer. Then the beer in the bottle was toxic masculinity. Yay. And then they had the boot, the cocktails was called, I'm going to go get some juice in case this You're new to this. These are all things that have come out of our faces. Yeah. So there was the Georgia, which I loved Pepper spray first. The fuck politeness, the fuck everyone. The sweet honesty and the Karen coffee, scotch vodka.


Jesus buoy chocolate bitters. I bet that was fucking good. I mean, And you need one. It's truly like, and I would've drank three. It's really, it's, I really identified with the Karen. And Then their jello shot of the week was called Round Shit. Yeah. Fucking thank you guys. Thank you. DC That's hilarious. And it's very exciting. Also. I liked that it was Why we gonna dc What's that? Why are we gonna DC Oh, I won't for political reasons. I'm just kidding. For A minute. I was like, oh no, you're Karen. You Yeah. I don't have political reasons. No, no. I'm not sure. I, I guess he's just like booking the places he's booking. Yeah. This might be our first kind of tour.


Yeah. I mean, we're, this is, yeah. We're just doing our best here. Unless this motherfucking implodes. Can you imagine halfway through? We're scratching each other's eyes out. I think one of those dates is, is like right around when we started is like our anniversary. Oh, That'd be very cool. Oh, that'd be very cool. What if our anniversary shows in Indianapolis would be, And we're just like, hands Across America, we love you. We build a bridge of Love Again, I apologize for too late saying, I would never go there. It's too late. 'cause I'm going, It's too late. Yeah, no. We're we're gonna show up there. What if, what if we're there when that, there's like a true crime convention that's there. I think you Did that on purpose. No, I think We sent him that and we're like, can we go to this?


Are you serious? Yes. There's a true come convention in Indianapolis and our fucking amazing tour. Dude, Joe, I feel like crying a little bit right now. Why? Just I like, I like it all so much. It's a lot. I like it's so much. It's really A lot. It's good times. Like, It's so much. Yeah. It's really good. This is Crazy. Now can I change the topic really quick? I can tell you want to and I'll let you Thank you. I'm not comfortable. I'm not comfortable in celebration or this is called This, this is, you get one free change the topic every episode. The yogurt shop murders were 25 years ago yesterday.


I have the Book right over there. Are you serious? Yeah. Are you reading the book about it? I haven't started because 'cause of reasons, but 'cause you can't read. You don't know how to read. Oh, the book is called, was it? It's called Who Killed These Girls by Beverly Lowry. And I think it's new. And it's funny because, oh, you know what was happening. I was gonna do that and I have a draft of it. And as I was writing the draft, Emily Gordon texts me and says, have you read who Killed these girls? Who Killed These Girls? The fucking moment I was typing this shit. Oh, that's weird. I lost my mind. And then I was like, well, I don't wanna steal this chicks thunder, so I'm not gonna, so I'm gonna order it and read it first When They, I saw the picture on the Facebook page this morning and the picture of these girls from this time.


Oh, Honeys. It's ma it made me well up. It's just like, it's four girls who are just teenage girls. And one was a friend who just wanted to hang out. Well, you know when you go like, you're closing. Well, I don't wanna be alone. I'm gonna go hang out with you all. You close and I'll fucking fill napkin things or whatever. Yeah. And then when one girl had to bring her little sister, so her little sister was hanging out there. If you guys don't know about the yogurt shop murders, don't look it up because I'm gonna cover it one day. But it's, it's fucking, and It's heavy in it's cold case, it's unsolved, But then there's a lot of pe Someone was imprisoned for it. Arrested and jailed and, and confessed to it. I won't say anymore. Okay. Yeah. Fucked. I wanna borrow this when you're done. Okay. I just, I just, I just wanted to kind of cite it because it's such a long time and it is, it's a cold case.


I mean, like, whoever went to jail for it is not the person. And, and there's Such, It's just all of us. It's all of Us. The reason I haven't started reading it yet is because I went to therapy the other day and I was like, I'm extra depressed lately. And she is like, well, let's think about like, what are some triggers in your life like that you do. And I'm like, oh, you mean constantly reading and thinking about murders and crimes and looking at fucking crime scene photos. It's like, it's not just for my job. Yeah. It depresses me. So this, This week I was gonna do a survivor story just to be like, it's okay. But I couldn't find one. Are you kidding me? I Couldn't find a good one. I was just like, Ugh. Well, that's not your jam.


It's Not my jam. It's not What you hook into. It doesn't interest you as Much. I mean, you can never go up from Mary Vince. What's her name? Mary. Mary Vincent. Thank you. It is Mary Vincent. Yeah. You can't go up from a fucking pregnant woman beating the shit out of a woman trying to stu to steal her baby. Yeah. Which you've done in the past. And mother. So That's Sarah Peters. You're So good at remembering things. I didn't do Mary Vincent just now though. And Mary Vincent, who's just, I mean, so I'm not doing one of those. I I'm doing a murderer. Well, that's what most people have tuned in for. Yeah. Also, I just wanted to talk about the, now I, I, I just wrote down Papini, but are you following that case?


No. Oh, yes. No, you must be which one? A woman who was kidnapped and they, she, they found her on Thanksgiving Day and it's up, it took place up in reading California, which is up north of Sacramento. Oh My God. I don't, I know I've seen the name, but I haven't read about it. They just did a 2020 on it. Oh, everyone's a mega thread on the Facebook page. Yes, it is. The craziest case. And the newest thing that I just read this morning is, so it's basically the woman disappears. It's a classic thing of their big signs saying, please help us find any, inform clearly Her husband. Then you have to read it. It's just like, because I, I actually found it.


I saw it on, I saw like a, oh, there's a thread on the Facebook page. Like, this must be a good episode. Yes. So I found it, and then I read in the thing that, in the, in the conversation, I was like, why are they who gives a shit? It's the same thing that always happens and what, you know, there, these photos don't make like, and I was like, fuck this. Then I, I, okay. Her husband killed her. Everyone knows that. Then I didn't realize how recent it was. She And she came back. They found her. Oh, she, they found her on the side of the road. Chained was This gone girl. Oh, Allie was telling me about this. Yes. Yes. It's the craziest thing. And there's all these additional facts that keep unfolding that are so crazy where it's, it's what everyone was saying in the mega thread, but it's so true. It's like we're just waiting to find out what really happened.


It's like we're days away from them going, they just found this clue and here's what's actually going on because, and No one wants be a dick Stinks too high heaven. Yes. And everybody's being very kind of aware of that. Like, wants To, you have victim shame To blame her or point a fingers, say you are phony or whatever. But if you watch the 2020 that it doesn't feel right and there is this, Do they know it doesn't, like, can you tell that they know about it not feeling right. I Didn't, I it's on my DVR, but I haven't watched it yet. But there is, my sister, of course, was telling me word for word all about it. And then there is a private detective who showed up and said he had a donation from an anonymous donor to a, a reward that he was gonna offer from an anonymous donor.


And then he kind of started taking over, like getting in front of everybody. Like, Hey, here's how it's gonna go. And he Like the spokes, dude. It's, it's the weirdest. It's just weird, weird, weird. Nothing seems right. I Wanna say that. I could be totally wrong, but I don't buy it. And you know, I, I saw a couple minutes of like the husband being interviewed. Yeah. And he doesn't seem right. It's going to be very interesting. Can't wait in like, I think it'll be like a month or less when something is revealed and we're all just gonna go, holy shit, I can't wait. Because it doesn't, it just doesn't add up. And there's all these extra things that don't make sense. Sorry, this was a dumb thing to bring up with. I'm not being specific about it. No, it's good.


People are into it. We do. Let's get rich corner out of the way. Okay. My favorite murder shirts.com. And I know everyone was like, why didn't you call it my favorite me? And I'm like, because You Know what? Everybody has great puns after the fact. You know what I mean? Yeah. You weren't, you weren't there. Yeah. You weren't there. Yeah. When it happened mentally, I was not there. If you, If you not you personally, I'm seeing them, like, everybody can think of a great idea when they have seven weeks to think of it. Right. I also didn't think this would be a thing. And so I didn't get fucking clever. And I was like, it's not gonna be a thing. And people aren't gonna understand and they're not gonna correctly put in goodnight. I Feel. No, no. Stay awake because Okay. I feel like I didn't think this was gonna be a thing.


Is the banner that's waving above this podcast, I love when people like tweet criticisms and I just wanna write back, are you fucking kidding me? Like, you do understand. You understand. This is a conversation we're recording. Do You know how hurt I would feel if they tweeted that? If we put, if we put, if we tried very fucking hard, like I'd like, shit, we did our fucking best That I stayed up for seven days researching That. And we, And we like the state-of-the-art fucking recording studio. But it's my apartment and sometimes there's fires outside and sometimes my fucking neighbor downstairs is playing World Warcraft very loudly. It's a fucking shit Show.


I mean, it just comes back to go fuck yourself. Eh g it's end the classic Jimmy Pardo quote. Listen. Or don't. We can't. We can't. We Just can't. And we want to And we won't, but we can't. Do we want to? I, I don't know. Do you want to For some of the people Maybe Do, but do they even I don't. I don't either. I don't either. Is that okay? It's okay. All right. So that's mech corner. I guess this has gone on so long. Yeah, I know. I like, so we something else. Should we do this quickly? And we're like, yeah, we're just gonna, we're gonna do this quickly. We're gonna get it done. Get it done. Georgia's got a storytelling show. We're gonna zip Zap Z Weren't talkers No fucking way. Well, I just don't get to see you that much.


It's nice to talk to, you know. Hi. Hey, miss you. Miss you. Miss you. Oh, by you. Bye. Bye. Did you, you had a thing you wanted to tell me? I started a new job, which I'm super excited about. And it's gonna be super fun. You can't wait. But I like, I was very cocky told Georgia. I was like, no, this is gonna be easy and we're gonna be, I'm gonna be able to do even more stuff this time because blah, blah, blah. Well, of course it's, we just nonstop 10:00 AM to like, tonight. I got out at, you know, Can I be honest? Like six 30? My heart was a little broken when you were like, I'm starting on Monday. Yeah. I'm like, Oh Yeah, I know. I had you for, I had you for Two weeks.


You did. And Now we're in a long distance murder relationship again. We're back to having to write civil war letters to each other. We're like each other's, what's it called when you get custody of a kid? But like, we're together of it. Oh. Like co-parenting? No, we're, when, when you can see a kid sometimes and it's has to be supervised. Oh. Like court appointed. We're Court appointed friends. So like we, Steven is our fucking corn court appointed fucking supervisor. That's right. And like, you and I get to be together. That's right. Once a week. We have to make sure we don't abuse each other. Two hours laughing. No drinking. No. Well, Hey. No, that's True. Yeah. I think I can't not work. I can't. I can't.


I know You're working. This is a job now. It's a job. I know. I know. This is a job, but it, I mean, if anything didn't feel like a job, I would say it's this. Oh no, for sure. Oh, fuck that. Yeah. No, this is fucking, this is so stupid. Like the fact that I'm like, I'm depressed. What am I, I'm not doing anything to, oh my God, I have a fucking career called my favorite murder. No, it's the best. This is hilarious. It's like the fucking Papini case. I can't wait to see what unfolds. It's gonna be either tragic And we were wrong. Yes. Or everyone's gonna owe everybody an apology or Fucked up and hilarious. Right. And we were right. Yes. That would, that sounds fun. I mean, that's kind of always the option too. Anyway.


Yeah. So murder time. I guess that's all. And we're back. I'm sorry. I enjoy our banter. I'm sorry that these episodes make me love our podcast. I think it's just really fun to revisit these conversations. Yeah. And I think people like that about it. Like there's people who don't listen because of the intro. I totally understand that. Absolutely. So people who do listen specifically do it. I think for the intro, yes. In addition to the rest of it, I don't Know. I feel like we're a niche area of true crime where most true crime people want it a certain way.


And we're like, we're gonna give it to you with a different sauce. And then there's people who are like, I'd never have that sauce, and how dare you give me that sauce? And it's like, right, absolutely. God bless you. And then there's the people that are like, this is the sauce I've been waiting for my whole life. Right. And then the people are like, I like the thing that, can I get the sauce on the side? And then they don't, You know? And like we totally understand that. 'cause they still want the thing. And those are the skippers. They're sauce on the side. People, They're still there. And also they're kind of visionaries because how many things do you skip now? Like how much time do you spend with your finger on the fast forward thing of almost everything where it's like, plus 30 plus 30 plus 30, we don't have time for other people's Bullshit. It's like also with the sauce analogy, I really love it because it is like, I want the sauce, but I don't want as much as you fucking put on it.


I know. I'm just talking about food now because when I get ex Benedict, I'm like, can you put the Holland on the side please? Because it's drowning. Why is that the, the norm now? Yes. And also you don't need parsley on top of everything. It's just a weird color that you're doing to be like, colorful. But I don't want to eat a bunch of fucking chopped up parsley. Right. So maybe those are like the, the semi skippers who like just are fast forwarding through literally what I'm saying right now. Yeah, that's right. I like the, I bet it's a lot of younger people who are like, we already know what you're gonna say. Just it's enough for this shit already. Which I'm like, Hey, guess what? Fully support you. No, I'm saying, you fucking never know what we're gonna say. You really think you were gonna hear about fucking holiday sauce on a fucking True Crime podcast?


I bet you fucking didn't know that. You Didn't know I was gonna cry about parsley. You didn't Know. You Had no idea. Also, I just do wanna say, and I'm sorry to be this way, but I saw the joke that I said, which is everybody has great puns after the fact. I really wanna make that a bumper sticker. Only because people always love to be on social media being like, why didn't you say, You know, you should have called it. You know what you should have said. Yeah. Easy to do after the fact. Hard to do in the moment. Puns are 2020. Ow. My therapist saying that maybe listening and reading true crime constantly isn't great for my mental health. Not always great. Yeah. And a good thing to bring up and tell people where it's like no one is saying, this is always the answer in Right.


Like for everybody. Because We run into a lot of people who are like, I had to, I love your podcast. I had to stop listening for a while, but, and that's like, yes, totally understood. We kind of left our bodies on this podcast as well. For a while. It was, I believe it was called Quarantine and it was not pretty Year five through nine around. Oh. And then you, oh my God. You're talking about the Sherri Papini story. It like just came out. Gosh. And I thought the husband did it. What a moment. Like those things. And it was almost like the death nail for those people Magazine, white Lady. Yes. Drama, whatever that's called missing And yeah. Yes. The White Woman's Syndrome syndrome. Right. Of the media.


And this was really one of the last big ones. And it was so nonsensical from the beginning. Yeah. And she was so racist from the beginning of like, yes, two Latina women, one short, one tall. Right. One with dark hair, one With it. Didn't understand what they were saying, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. Such bullshit. There is also, there's a Hulu Docus series called Perfect Wife, the Mysterious Disappearance of Sherri Papini. That's really, really good. And so good that I never have to hear about it again. Yes. You know what I mean? Yep. Or it's like, that's not a story anymore. Put it to bed. Put it to bed. They just put it to bed. Yeah. But I'm not, that's not my story. That's just me taking up more time at the top of the show. Like Skippers Unite is truly like, we're almost doing an argument for skippers in this show. We really are.


That that, okay, this has all been skip material. And now let's start. Now let's get into the part where the skippers would join us. Right, right. It's Georgia's story about Leslie Allen Williams.


Not everyone who handles your personal information is gonna be as careful as you are. And it only takes one mistake to expose it to hackers and identity theft. Maybe that's why there's a nude victim of identity theft every five seconds in the United States. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity if your identity is stolen. A LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package. Meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan if you lose money due to identity theft, if can't control how diligent others are with your personal information. But with LifeLock, you can help protect it. Act now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code murder or go to lifelock.com/murder for 40% off terms apply.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a Mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace Gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And Managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay, and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster With squarespace's. Built in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and autogenerated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to squarespace.com/murder for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace.com/murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


There's something about Spring that makes you wanna refresh your whole life. New routines, new goals, and definitely a new closet full of clothes. Luckily, Quince makes your spring refresh easy with their elevated basics. Quince has the clothes you'll wanna wear all season long. You can grab a hundred percent European linen shorts and dresses, starting at $30 plus Lux swimwear and Italian leather platform sandals. Everything is priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. Because Quince works directly with top factories, they cut out the middleman and pass the savings onto you. Quince only partners with factories that uphold safe, ethical manufacturing practices and use premium fabrics and finishes. I'm gonna have to put away all my beautiful Quince sweaters, and as I put those sweaters away, now I'm looking at beautiful sandals on their website. The Italian leather premium sandal. It's so beautiful. Perfect For spring hot Weather clothes. Come on some short sleeve shirts. Yes. Treat your closet to a little summer glow up with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash mfm for free shipping on your order, and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/mfm to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash m. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Are you first or am I first? Sorry? Are you first? Or am I first? Oh, I thought you said something about a horse. I swear to God. Are you a horse or am I a horse? Am I a horse This week? I don't remember. I don't remember last week at all. Steven, we're gonna need you to take, take notes, Steven. Oh, last week was that one of yours that I keep thinking about of the babysitter and the children? Oh fuck. That was a rough one. You went, that was first last week, right? What was yours? No idea. What the fuck Is wrong with Us? No, I mean, I'm like, I'm about to be put into a home. What ISN wrong with this? I was last week. Lord Luke. Yeah. Oh Lord. Luke, that fucking guy.


Did you see the people that sent the picture where Yes. Lord Luke and Brad Pitt. No. Oh yes. I saw that one. And I saw someone went and took a photo of the fucking plumber's Arms. Yes. Oh, that was the best. Yes. We got two pictures of the plumber's arms, which was the bar that Lord Luke, and I don't know, somebody went to. But then Brad Pitt looks so much like Lord Luke, when he has his inglorious bastards mustache Calling it here first. This is gonna become a movie. Brad Pitt's gonna fucking play someone. We deserve royalties. Yeah. We boom. We definitely deserve it. We had our hand in this pie. Broad Pitt Felt gross. It felt gross, but we still want money For it. But we left our hand in there. So then it's, that means it's you. Yeah. Okay.


And mine's not super long, but it sucks. Okay. All right, Karen? Yes. So in May of 19 92, 30 9-year-old Leslie Allen. Leslie Allen Williams, it's a dude of Detroit, is arrested when the police find a woman in the trunk of his car. Oh. All right. So that's where we're starting A woman's body. A woman? Yes. Deceased. Yes. Okay. So No, no, no. I'm sorry. Okay. Sorry. I, She's alive. I'm sorry. I immediately started Questioning her. No, you're right to question because I clearly don't know.


Lemme start over. Okay. In May of 19 92, 30 9-year-old Leslie Allen Williams of Detroit is arrested when the police found a woman in the trunk of his car, a live woman he's charged with attempted murder, attempted rape, and kidnapping. She had just been abducted from a cemetery that was close by. She was visiting her mom's grave. What? Like, can you pick a fucking better time, dude? Oh. Like, I don't know what a good time to get kidnapped is, but it's not then. Well, I mean, if you're evil, that's the best time. Yeah. Oh man. Oh, Wait till you're at your saddest. Yeah. It's either that or when you're watching ordinary people, there are a couple times I'm gonna grab you.


That Is a saddest movie. Yeah. Or maybe if you're at the pound. Yeah. You, and then you just walked outta the pound Post pound kidnappings. Yeah. That's gonna become the new fucking thing. So sad. Ugh. That's the new thing. Or like you're in a dressing room trying to pull on pants on. I don Too tight. Oh, I don't, this is why I don't go in dressing rooms. That's not why. But also, I don't color dressing rooms. Yeah. Fuck that. Okay. I'm just gonna keep thinking of, so would you mind, and then you go, Sorry. Sorry. No, I love it. I know we're missing some good ones. Soles, Leslie Allen Williams. He's a dude again. The first time he was arrested was when he was a teenager and he was convicted of attempted breaking and entering larceny from an auto breaking and entering assault with intent to commit murder, assault and first degree criminal sexual conduct when he's a fucking a teenager.


Oh. So that's, that was a ton of things. Yeah. Do you think he's gonna straighten his life out? Yes. Nope. Oh, turns out, Nope. Oh. So in 1983, he pleads guilty to sexual assault with intent to commit kidnapping and assault with intent to sexually penetrate for a kidnapping. Committed was committed less than two weeks after he's paroled from prison. So the original time he gets prison, when he was a teenager, two weeks later, he fucking does all this crazy shit. 'cause he is like, I can't control myself. Yeah. He's got out and he is like, what should I do? Yeah. Pinball. Yeah. He's like, rehabilitation works. No, it doesn't. No, it really doesn't. So at that time, in 83, he gets a sentence of seven to 30 years.


In 1990, after serving seven years, he's paroled. Oh. Just the fucking bare minimum. I mean by, even though I like, it took two weeks for him to commit. I mean, something that you and I are gonna commit in our lifetimes probably, but not in two weeks. Right. You already have a couple of those. Right. I don't wanna talk about, it's not about what I've done. It's not what I'm guilty of. Like, we're here to point the finger. You're So modest. Like you don't even wanna make this about you. And like, just Don't wanna, I don't my de And You don't wanna be more badass than Leslie Allen Williams. My Super long rap sheet. Okay. Paroled after seven years. And then so when he gets caught with this woman in his trunk who's still alive, that's two years after he's paroled.


Ugh. So like what was he up to those past two years, Karen? He probably had like a bit a bunch of pictures on his wall and he was connecting pictures with red string. Oh, they do that in every fucking detective movie, right? Yeah. Like plan. But instead of being the detective, he's like the criminal that's really planning stuff out. Yeah. Fuck. I mean, right. You wanted a suggestion, didn't you? I did. Thank you. Okay. Okay. No, I did. So while he's in prison, he tells reporters that he should be locked up And that leads authorities to think that he might be fucking doing, had done some other crimes. Then his girlfriend, always the fucking girlfriend was like, you know what? He liked to visit this one rural field near town that maybe you should check that out.


Who visits fields? Fucking serial killers. Who bury bodies right. In those fields. Like Other than that, it's like, who, what do you, why do you need to go to a Field? You are fine without going to that field. No. Unless you're a ghost baseball player. You don't need to be in that field. Oh, That's true. Oh, that was good though. I really liked that. That was like quick. So, so his girlfriend, so they go to this place and they find the body of 18-year-old Cammie Marie Villanova, Villa Niva. So it's in a field near town, 35 miles northwest of Detroit.


They're like, Hey dude, we found this body in this place. You like to hang out? And he was like, well, shit, I did it. So he confesses and then he leads investigators to the bodies of Michelle Urban, who was 16. And her 14-year-old sister Melissa, they were originally thought to be Runaways. Runaways. Yeah. Because that's what 14 year olds do. Yeah. He tells them that he had stalked the sisters in their town of Heartland. It's another suburb of Detroit. He, he used to break into homes there and he used to break into homes of women. He met in his therapist's office.


What? He went to therapy clearly. Yeah. He went to therapy. This is why I never talked to anyone in the waiting rooms of therapy offices. And because I hate everyone. Well, And also what do you talk About? I mean, how's it going? Have You been crying? I've been crying. Also, it just makes me mad when you, when we tell these stories to each other and it's like the, you list off all these shitty things someone's done. It's like, and his girlfriend where it's like, yeah. So you can just date really easily. Not even his ex-girlfriend. Yeah. Like his current girlfriend, current Relationship he's having with another adult Probably lives together. She probably like kicks him down for fucking Diet Cokes. Yeah. Right At in the, at the least. At the very least. At the very least, she's making that son of a bitch casserole.


Honey, I hope you're happy. Now. I don't mean that, I hope you're fucking happy. I mean, like, I hope you're happy. Yes. I truly hope she's happy. Better Things have happened. Yes. Wishing her well, what is it that the south people say where they say, bless her. Bless her heart. Bless her heart. I always say wishing her well. Okay. Da da. He stalks them after he had broken into homes of women, he had met at his therapist office. Fucking awesome. That makes me feel really great and safe. And he started stalking these girls and he had been peeping at them. He saw them eight times over several days while casing houses to rob. Fuck. He said he was sexually attracted to the way Melissa, the younger sister walked.


No, that's not yours to be sexually attracted. I mean, it's, you have a problem. It's not the way she walks. It's not, you're not allowed to be sexually attracted to something that someone doesn't want you to be. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. Does that make any sense? It's, it's a nice concept. Yeah. But it doesn't work that way. Great. Okay. So armed with a three inch pocket knife, he confronts the girls by jumping from some bushes. Ugh. And he puts them in the trunk of his car, rapes them, suffocates them within an hour of kidnapping them. Oh God. They're dead. This guy's just on a fucking least, he's a berserker.


He's just like, only wants to do bad things all the time. Well, He's like, I, I had two weeks before, who knows how long I'm gonna have before, but it's like, well, don't do it then. Don't do it like you got. But He can't, he clearly Can't. He clearly, clearly can't. This is what he Wants to Do. Then he besides Go to therapy and have a relationship Fucking asshole. He drives to the Oakland Cemetery, Oakwood Cemetery in Fenton and dumps the girls in a shallow grave that he had fucking pre made before. Yeah. Oh, okay. Then. So the next victim is Cynthia Jones. She's 16. She's found near Milford, which you'll never remember this, but my husband, Vince Averil is from Milford With that terrible story of those two girls.


An equally awful story of a fucking two sweet girls getting murdered in a park in Milford. Yeah. Well, it just so happens there's another girl from Milford. Ugh. So in January, she and her boyfriend Luke were confronted inside Luke's Park car in, in Milford, which is Michigan Central Park. So they're fucking parked, making out. And you're like, I'm safe. I'm with a guy. Everything's fine. It's like, there's two of us. Like buddy up. Nope. He, they were told he needed their car because he had just robbed a store. So he was like trying to get their car. He escorts them both at knife point into the woods, ties Luke to a tree and takes off with Cindy. He drives an hour to his apartment and he rapes and torches her for a few hours, then took her to Buno Road in Milford.


We had a pre Doug actually, I'm sorry, that was the pre Doug grave. Four foot grave stabs her, rapes her, puts her unclothed body inside the grave. Ugh. Did I ask Vince about this? Yes, I did. Did he know and what he remembers, Did he Know? Yeah. Here's what he said. Well, to be fair, he's the one who told me to do this story. So I said, what do you remember about this? This is crazy. Just that her boyfriend got shit because he came up on them in the park and tied him up and took her. People wanted to know why he didn't do anything. We were in 11th grade. That's so awful. So he was class with her in school with her And the boyfriend. People were saying that to the boyfriend. Yeah. Yeah. That's fucking awful.


He just, that's what he remembers. And then he asked his friend Dan about it, and he said he doesn't know if it came from court or he just remembered this, that the guy had had Cynthia for a while before he killed and raped her repeatedly and would tell her he'd let her go if she, if she just let him each time. Oh man. So that's what he remembers probably from the trial. Milford fuck. And it's like, I've been there. It's like a charming little suburb. Suburb. So all three of the girls as well as, as well as the or original one, miss Villanueva, they disappeared on weekends between September 14th and January 2nd.


That's four fucking women then. And then he said to state police detectives, I don't wanna cause any trouble. I don't wanna cause taxpayers any grief. I wanna be locked up, locked me up so I don't do it again. I have no control over my life. Holy shit. I know. So his last sentencing had been in 1983 when he threatened to abduct a woman and he released her unharmed. So he got a shit ton of breaks from the justice system getting light sentences early paroles after guilty pleas on a bunch of charges of breaking and entering rape and assault since 1971. So multiple fucking breaks from rape. Like, you're like, okay, breaking and entering fucking like that just shows you how, how much fucking women's bodies meant back then rape and fucking assault.


So he gets sentenced everything and fucking Detroit goes crazy. 'cause they're like, how the fuck did this happen? And they wanna hold all the parolee of parole board members accountable. Whoa. Yeah. So they draft a legislation to make the panel, the panel more accountable. They would get ex, they got expanded. They could only serve three year terms by appointed by the corrections director. And they could have them removed from the parole board. And it went crazy. And this is kind of why the, the Detroit or Michigan prison system is, is so full. It's because you can't parole people anymore.


Wow. It's so easily, it's always, it's like really hard to get parole ever again. Wow. Yeah. So it's hard to get paroled. So they're fucking crowded as shit. Okay. Also, there's a war on drugs and it, there shouldn't be. Okay. And then, then, so he's, he's 62 years old now. He's serving multiple life sentences in the Carson City Correctional Facility in Michigan. Hope you don't live there, everyone. We're not doing a show there. Please. So then in July, 2000, a local woman shares this memory she had from 1976. She says she's the one that got away and hoped her story would enlighten everyone to trust their instincts.


She said she was followed by a man stalked before stalking laws were in place. Which everyone think back that there was not stalking laws in place for so long. For so long. Yeah. Even now they're light in a lot of places. Right. And he captures her, manages to get away with her mom and they report the police. There was nothing they could do because he hadn't committed a crime. Oh. So he was aggressively stalking her? He kidnaps her, but they, I don Dunno if he kidnapped her. I'm sorry. Oh, oh, he, he didn't kidnap. Oh. Oh, sorry. No, I'm sorry. No, I'm the one. No, I am in the end.


She wrote, it's human nature to assume that things like this happen to someone else, somewhere else. I'm here to say that it can happen to you and it can happen here. I grew up in a small town called Fenton, Michigan. And the man that chased me was Leslie Allen. Allen Williams. Are you willing to go on assuming that this can't happen to you? Wow. Yeah. Oh, So, so he chased her and then her mom showed up and she got away. Yeah. In Chase. So There was no actual, but he had been aggressively stalking her before that. And the cops were like, well, he didn't commit a crime. He didn't, once he stabs you, let us know. Fuck. And then we'll give him two years in prison. Well, That and yeah, that's why those, the people that got those stalking laws, I mean, there's like TV movies about it.


Yeah. Where it's just like, it's gone on for so long. And it's basically like, well, we can't do anything. I'm terrified of, have you ever been stalked? No. I had a creep one, A creep once, but it wasn't like aggressive stalking. It's scary. Just like a, a place I worked at that this person would like show up a lot. This is why, again, like why isn't attempted murder tried more harshly? They attempted to murder someone and they didn't do it. So you're only gonna give them a quarter of the time they would've gotten murder. We Can't keep talking about this. Yes, we can And We can change things And we, we'll Change the law. But you, but the law you wanna change is you want attempted murder to be changed into murder. And It's, no, I want it to be fucking, I want it to be harsher sentences.


Yes. Well, but all around, I mean, I agree with you in that way. And we are reading stories from sometimes that are from like 20, 30 years ago. Yeah. Where it, it almost just is a cult. It's a cultural attitude where it's like, that's fine. Or they'll go to jail, it'll change. Yeah. And there is that thing of like, yes, rape is a, you know, there was a, there was a man who, I think this, this was a story that was tweeted. He, it was a pedophile. He was arrested and giving given 522 years in jail. So it's like, yeah, I think we are catching up to this idea that we want to ensure that these people don't hurt people anymore. Right. But the idea that it was set up so that this man was harsher on himself than the parole board Totally was On him.


He was saying, please lock me up. Yeah. Please take this seriously. I mean, that's crazy. Yeah. Fucked up. And that Vince knew one of the fucking, Oh, the idea that that guy got shit for basically being a victim. He, it Wasn't even like people suspected him. You know what I mean? Like, you know how that happens. Like, oh, we think it was the boyfriend. It wasn't even like, it was worse than that because you could never be proven otherwise. Right. Like, it's not like they caught the killer. It wasn't me and everyone is like, sorry. It's like, no, you fucking suck because you didn't do anything. You didn't Do anything. And It's like you don't know what the situation is like. Well, and also if your life is being threatened, like it's, you can't do anything.


No, it's, that's just people really mismanaging their own anxiety and being like, I'll blame you. Right. This is the easiest thing to do. Like, this wouldn't have happened to me because of this other thing. Right. Which is exactly, it's like, yeah. You're trying to make yourself feel better by going, if I was in that situation Right, I would've been able to take care of it. Therefore you are at fault when it's like, I don't think so. No, that's, and what an awful thing to do to another person. Yeah. No dude. Nah. Hey, Did you get your hair cut? I cut my hair over my sink tonight By myself. It looks really cute. Does it? Yeah. I'm sorry. 'cause I was thinking about that part of the time. Thank you. But it's a really good shape.


It's not Like a mom Bob though, is it Not? It feels a little, it's actually super twenties. That's why I was very distracted by it. Oh good. Because I keep thinking, I look like I Would like Be a mom in a minivan commercial. You know what I mean? No, it has really good angles. Okay. Thank you. I cut it myself. I went to three months of beauty school. This is the way that we, I offset my anxiety about hearing about terrible things. Yeah. I want everyone to know that like we are not terrible people. We're just, this is like us. Lightning the load of fucking pressing anxiety. If you think we're terrible 'cause we talk about hair, FF, it stop. Then you can listen or you can't. What was it? Listener don't. Right.


Okay. We're back. Any updates for this story, Georgia? Well, I mean, one personal update. I was sitting next to Vince while I was studying this rewind episode and I was like, I had completely forgotten that he knew the victim. Cynthia Jones, 16-year-old Cynthia Jones and her boyfriend Luke, who had been confronted with Cynthia. He like knew them, knew them, like went to school with them Wow. Throughout. And said he was a really nice guy. And then also I was like, did people say shit to him about it? And he's like, all I remember is that our coach, 'cause he was like on a team with him. Coach came into the locker room at one point when he wasn't there and said, nobody better say shit to him about not having, you know, done something to defend her.


Yes. 'cause it just is impossible. And thank God that coach said that back then and knew it. Jesus, For real. I know That's like such a, an incredible empathetic awareness. I wonder if he came up with that on his own as a coach and was just like a, being a good person or some crisis counselor was like, here's what you need to say. Yeah. Yeah. Vince had some fucked up shit happen in this like sweet little town. It's so crazy. Yeah. And as for the story, we talked about how Leslie Allen Williams kept getting early release and parole before he was caught for these murders. And I said how it eventually led to legislation changes and is now part of the reason why the Michigan prison system is so full. Well, according to the Council on Criminal Justice, Michigan's average prison sentence length is roughly three times the national average.


Whoa. I know on the state leads in the proportion of its prison population serving sentences longer than 10 years. Wow. The second Look Sentencing act is a proposed legislation that would allow those who have served at least 20 years to petition their original court for a sentence reduction. And anyone approved would still serve the remainder of their reduced sentence and be subject to parole review before release. And that would hopefully combat the outdated and rigid sentencing system and recognize that excessively long sentences often outlive their purpose and fail to reflect personal transformation. But those convicted of criminal sexual conduct, terrorism, mass shootings and certain domestic violence cases would be ineligible.


Hmm. And then finally, Leslie Allen Williams remains in prison to this day, huh? Yeah. Should we get to your story? That should be three episodes, but we didn't really know a lot about it. I gotta say this, I was like, oh shit, this is this episode where I so clearly am like, it's like getting called in front of the class and being like, Karen, would you like to give your oral report on the book you were supposed to read? And it's like, crack, crack, crack my knuckles and just be like, I was gonna do this and then I did this. But yeah, it's a very upsetting to me. Like, here's the thing, if you're gonna start a podcast, just quick reminder, it's forever.


So what you are recording is forever. You are, you will be held to accounts. Yeah. If people pay enough attention. And this was a real, me having maybe two jobs at that time and trying to get my homework done and just not getting it done. So thinking I could be conversational about these cases. I knew facts about the Letterman stalker to kind of hold that up. But the idea that I was gonna try to improvise through talking about Israel Keys, who was one of the most prolific serial killers in America. Yeah, yeah. Is such a green, ridiculous thing. So, But we know that now, we didn't really know at the time. And yeah, this is like, just shows how far we've come now this is 2016 still when we're fucking brand new babies at this and making it up as we go along, As Bradford likes to say.


But Bradford Burlesque, who works in our legal department, you were building the plane as you were flying it, And that is absolutely, it's as scary and as accurate. Right. The Railroad, railroad tracks were being literally placed in front of our big mouth train. And I was literally like coming to a point in my writing career that I had been working toward for literally 10 years. Yeah. And then it was like, you gotta quit that. Yeah. And it's like, how, how am I gonna do this? This is, it was wild. But I, so anyway, not to make excuses, whatever. Yeah. Listen with a grain of salt. And with this, you know, with my full apologies of the casualness of the Israel keys part, it's truly like saying, let me just synopsize for you in five minutes what's in the New York City Library?


We're just like, good luck dummy. What are you doing? Why would you do this? Oh, Because we're us. Let's do it. Let's get into Karen's story.


Look, we all fantasize about going off the grid, unplugging maybe spending some time as a trad wife. But let's be honest, we all need reliable Wireless. And that's where Visible comes in. Visible is the ultimate wireless hack. It's unlimited wireless that puts you in control. You get unlimited data in hotspots so you can stay connected on the Go Visible Runs on Verizon's 5G Network. So you get great coverage, fast speeds, seamless connection. We're talking about access to 4K streaming. The Visible Plus Pro Plan is premium wireless without the premium cost. Plus it's all digital. You manage your plan in the app And you can even switch your service from your phone. It only takes about 15 minutes ready for wireless. That lets you live in the know. Make the switch at Visible dot com plan starting at $25 a month For their best features. Get the new Visible Plus Pro plan for $45 a month. Terms apply. See Visible dot com for plan features and network management details. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Spring always shows up like a group text. Too many plans, not enough time to respond cooking grocery shopping. No, thank you. That's why Hungry Root exists. Hungry Root is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist all wrapped into one. That's right. They'll take care of the weekly grocery shopping and recommend groceries and meals tailored to you. Most of Hungry Root's recipes can be made in just 15 minutes or less. And with over 15,000 recipes shipped Each week, there's something for every taste and nutrition preference. I'm the kind of person who doesn't look for something to eat or start cooking until I'm already starving. So I need these quick little meals more than anyone I know. So you have a quick veggie stir fry, for example. You have a nice salad, a nice hummus, and eggplant pita sandwich. Those are things I can prep and throw together really quickly to just put in my mouth because I'm already starving. And I love that about Hungry Root. And you're gonna love Hungry Root. Take advantage of our exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungry Root dot com slash mfm and use code mfm. That's Hungry Root dot com slash mfm code mfm to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry Root dot com slash mfm. Code MFM goodbye


Spring is in the air outside smells like fresh flowers and warm sunshine. So don't let your cat's litter box ruin your inside time. Pretty Litter cube. The air fresh inside and out. Pretty litter is the high performance cat litter that controls odors, absorbs moisture and changes color to help detect potential health issues in your cat. And Pretty Litter is ultra absorbent lightweight low dust and one six pound bag lasts up to a month. It's the cat litter that gives you peace of mind. Their crystals will change color to indicate early signs of illness in your cat, such as urinary tract infections and kidney issues. And the best part, pretty litter ship's free right to your door so you'll never run out. Pretty Litter Works great. Everyone knows that. I love it. I have three cats and it definitely gets rid of the odor, but I also have an elderly cat. And kidney issues are such a big part of cats aging. And so it's like this incredible lifesaving bonus that you can detect any urinary problems with the litter. That's incredible. Why would you not use Pretty Litter? So True. Pretty Litter helps keep your house smelling fresh and clean. Try and you'll love it. Go to pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order and get a free cat toy. That's pretty litter.com/mfm to save 20% on your first order. And get a free cat toy pretty Litter.com/mfm. Terms And conditions apply. See site for details. Goodbye.


Now that it's my time. Okay to shine. Go Karen, this is not gonna be good. I Love it. I made this mistake. Here's, I'll walk you through my mistake, please. I started going into very deeply researching a woman named Mary Margaret Ray, and she was David Letterman's stalker for years. Oh yeah. In the eighties. And it, it is a story that has fascinated me forever because she, she was obsessed with David Letterman.


She would break into his house, she would steal his car, she would get pulled over speeding in his car and tell the cops that she was Mrs. David Letterman and let, they would let her go. How did He, how did she get in their house? This was back when there were, again, this is the time where like he, I'm sure he like locked the front door or whatever, and then she would be like, I need to get into that house and make it happen. Oh no. She would leave presents for him inside the house. One time he was in bed with his girlfriend watching TV and they looked up and she was standing in the hallway. Oh my God. Yes. And but here's the mistake that they made because nobody knew anything about stalking and all the psychology of it. He would talk about it on the TV show.


Oh. So she got all this attention and she was like, positive reinforcement. Well, And the, the thing that she had, she had schizophrenia. And it's a very sad story of course, once I started looking through it. Yeah. It's a incredibly sad story because she had it and so did two of her brothers and so did her father. Oh. It, it's Just this, you got no chance. I mean that's, it's so rough. And it's the classic thing of she would start taking her medication, get better and think she didn't need medication anymore. That's, that's everyone. Not even, that's everybody does that. It's like, I'm better now. Even if she, Even if she wasn't schizophrenic, she still was fucked. You know, by that many, I mean, not that everyone is, but like, you're gonna have some fucking issues.


Well, we, because schizophrenia, they believe is very genetic. Right. And so Yeah. It's, it's, it's very difficult. And in that family it's like that. I mean, that's just such a sad story. Oh, honey. I mean I Oh honey. But like, what, you know. Yeah. It's just an interesting thing that you have to look at everyone's life. Like everyone's kind of a victim and a fucking Yes. And a fucking well and Like it's easy for, we, its, the thing I love the most about this podcast is we just get to say our opinion. We're not obviously not experts, obviously. Oh wait, you're not an expert. Well, I mean, I do, I do know how to cut and paste from Wikipedia. Mm. So yes, I am an expert in that way, but yes, everybody has, there's backstory and context Yeah.


To everything, You know. But anyway, the thing was, he would talk about it, like there was a bit, he would call his house and then go, oh good, no one's home. And hang it like there it was. Like he would do things like that on the show. But she not only had schizophrenia, but she had a thing called ERO Mania, which is a delusional disorder where you believe that another person is in love with you. And usually it's applied to someone with higher status or it's someone famous. No, I have that with Vince. Yeah, no, I get it. That guy Elvis Have Elvis. Elvis and Vince, He, they totally love you so much. Yeah.


So, but the problem is that in the delusion, they think that the secret admirer is declaring their affection through special glances signals. Oh shit. Tele telepathy or messages through the media, Like on your fucking talk show. So then he's actually doing it. You Idiot. Didn't anyone tell Him? They no one knew. They didn't know how to like that, how to handle this situation. That's A man thing to do in my mind. But It's also just an uneducated Yeah. Like at the time Yeah. People were like, peeping Toms are funny. Yeah. You know what I mean? He just really likes you. Yes. Stalkers are like you. Nice. He's so into you. Yeah. Don't friend zone him.


Whatever. Totally. What did you, what Did you do to make him stalk you? That kind of thing. Right. Exactly. Why are you wearing short skirts if you don't want a stalker? Yeah. And the the thing that, when I found out this part, 'cause I was insanely obsessed with Letterman when I was growing up. I used to go to bed and this when I was like 12 and 13. Wow. And I would get back up at 1230 and go pull the chair really close to the tv, holy shit. And watch Letterman from 1230 to one 30 every night. So You were kind of the stalker too. I also was a Stalker, but I just, what was happening on that TV was like, there's this other world out there that I can't believe exists Yeah.


That I wanna be a part of so bad. Yeah. Where it's like Chris Elliot popping up as the man underneath the stairs. Totally, totally. Type of stuff where you're like, none of this entertainment is on No, my normal daytime tv. I love it. So it was very exciting. So I kind of like, was like, yeah, I get why she's, she wants to go to his house and drive his car And that she's married to him. He's, he's the only, That's the only talk show I could ever fucking stand. Yeah. Because he wasn't doing normal talk of Things. No, totally. And he was so insanely rude. So it devolved, she actually eventually kind of went off him and started stalking him. An ex astronaut. But it was just all step down. Yes, exactly. I bet Bet David Letterman was like, What?


Yeah. He's like, bitch, eventually though, and this is the worst part 'cause she knew her life was that it was, she was just outta control. She killed herself by kneeling in front of a train. No. And when I heard that, oh, that first time I was just like, it's so awful. It's so like, it's so insanely sacrificial. Totally. It's so, it's so symbolic or something. And she wrote her mother a letter saying she was gonna do it, saying I wanna die in the valley that I love. And she did it some, I can't remember it, somewhere in like, in somewhere in Montana I think. Or so. Oh, it's just God, such a dramatic story.


Anyway, I did all this work and research and then by the end realized, well that's not a murderer. That's a very sad story of, of extreme mental illness and suicide. And then I was like, oh. So then I had to start over. Oh Wait, so you're starting now? This So now I'm starting, but this will be fast. No, I'm kidding. Okay. Because you're like, I have a Show. So now you're starting, Oh, so you're gonna do two murders, murder, this is the thing. And I just, I guess I wanted to say all that because that's what I'm interested in. Yeah. And that was a fascination that I had A person that is a, a female stalker is a fascinating concept. Okay. That, that almost never happens. I like that we can do this because sometimes I'll find these crazy stories and be like, but there's no murder.


But like, fuck, it's fucked up. Right. I think we should talk about those Actually, maybe we change the fucking title of the Podcast. Yeah. Let's change this whole concept. We Really painted ourselves into a corner. Let's Steven Erase what we've done so far. Erase the past 45 episodes. So this is what I did. And this will just be the fasty, because this is actually super fast. So it's equally fascinating. But it's almost like a short inverted shorty opposite Shorty. It's a shorty. Okay. And it's the story of the Insane Serial Killer is Real Keys. He's the guy. He's, did you ever see that, that movie, the Minus Man starring what his name O Owen Wilson.


And it's basically a guy that just kind of goes around. Really nice chill guy traveling from town to town, killing people randomly and leaving town. No, this, that's basically, so Israel Keys, they don't know that much about him. And he killed people from 2001 to 2012. What the fuck? And he went, literally, he worked as a contractor in, in Alaska. And he would take that money and then he also would rob banks and he would take all that money and he would buy plane tickets so that he could go and to random cities rent cars and go murder somebody.


And They wouldn't be connected. Nothing would be connected. And then they would just go to a different city. Fuck. It's so fucking crazy. And so it's almost like, it doesn't even scare me because it's beyond. Yeah. Like it's just beyond. It's almost like he was, he, he has a look like you can see his, his mugshot online and he looks like a dude that would be in like a North Face catalog. Like he's, he's young and kind of cute and he looks very like sporty. Like a little weather worn, but like in a hot fucking rugged way. Yes. Yes. Like he looks like a guy that would be on a hiking trail. Like one of the ages of the Sexiest man alive in the Dos Equis commercials when he's like 30 something.


Yeah. Am I getting this right? Yes. Okay. So the sexiest man alive is into camping. This is this guy. Oh. Also and murder. So, so he, and he would do that. He would go to remote places. So he would go to hiking trails. He would go to like National fucking parks. And It's the national park. Fucking Oh true. This is the National Park guy. So he would go into these places and then just like, just steal one person. It's easy. Yes. Easy. And take them tor torture, rape, murder, whatever, bury their bodies somewhere and then just move on.


And he would preplan it. So he ha Okay, so I, I'll just read you what I have. So, and I got a lot of this from this. Awesome. It's just an FBI press release where they just said, here's everything we know. If You know anything, please call us. Oh my God. So they're, so they're like, how? 'cause when they finally arrested him, oh God, He got arrested. They, they arrested him. They got him to talk a little bit. And then he committed suicide in jail fucking dick. So they knew, they know for a fact that he killed 11 people. For sure. They can like patch it all back. It's Never that. It's so many more because the amount of planning that went into these things is super crazy because he would bury Cashs all around the country.


So they were basically like kill kits with money in them. What? So they Oh, so he Could go there and be like, here's my kill kit. Yep. With Dash. But he wouldn't be traveling with it. Right. So if a cop pulled him over and he had a rental car and he was in Arizona, the cop would be like, oh, it's a dude in a rental car. You're speeding. Knock it off it. No, at no time was there like, what's that duffle bag or whatever. I Mean, if you're gonna be that fucking, like what's the word? Organized and in dedicated. Dedicated, Like just be a fucking coder or something. Like get a job. Like be a Normal. I know. Or Why do you, why do you have to dedicate that to fucking gotta killing people? Why you people don't be a dick. I Gotta be Bad.


Yeah, He's gotta be bad. This guy said apparently when he got out of the army, so he was like, he got kicked outta the house when he was 17. And his parents who used to be Amish and then joined some weird, they, one of the articles said it was like a cultish church in Wells, Texas. Oh. Like the Amish like similar to the Amish cult. Yeah. But they like build nice things and they like, you know they have that, have you ever seen that area, that space heater that they make? No. It's really nice. Come on. Well anyway, he got kicked outta the house and his parents told his siblings, you're not allowed to talk to him anymore.


Which I wanna know what the hell happened. Oh be, but they know mo Molested everyone, like everyone in town. Or he Was just like super rude at Thanksgiving. One of the two. But, so he told the FBI that he had buried some of those caches. So we, sorry, I was gonna say he went into the army for a while. He got dis Remembered disbarred From the army. Dis dishonor really? Discharge. That's right. And dishonorably? No, he just regularly discharged. Okay. But he told people that he was in the army with, I can't wait to get outta the army so I can kill a bunch of people.


Cool. Super chill. Super. Like, oh, do you wanna go get a beer later? Okay. No, that's cool. 'cause you wanna go kill people, so, oh, That is real. Always joking around. You know that guy Israel. So he, so apparently he has these cas buried in the, the FBI actually went and found, there was one in Eagle River, Alaska and there was one near Blake Falls Reservoir in New York. And, and then they also, oh, he admitted to bearing them in Green River, Wyoming. And this Is why I have a metal detector. Right. And Port Angela's Washington.


Okay. And He's, we're doing tours there. All those places. Go find a cash. That'd actually be like a new geocaching. But you're actually trying to find Israel key's. Caches with geocaching. Yeah. He didn't know any of his victims prior to their abductions. He described several remote locations that he frequented to look for them. Parks, campgrounds, trailhead, cemeteries, boating areas. And he frequented prostitutes during his travels. Sex workers, oh, sorry. Sex workers. And it is unknown at this time if he met any of his victims in this manner. Of course. 'cause they don't really know Right. Who the victims are.


Jesus. And he indicated to the FBI that his victims are male and female in raging age from teens to elderly that See that when they're, when they get that fucking non-specific, they're fucking out of their, like, that's crazier. Right. He wants to kill, he, everybody Just wants to kill people. He just wants to kill everybody. Okay. So his murders occurred in less than 10 states, but he didn't tell them all the locations. So basically the, he's just was doing, he was kidnapping people in one state and taking them across state lines intentionally to kill them in a different state. Mm. Because then they wouldn't be missing people, they wouldn't be connected to the missing.


That's Right. People. So they find a body in Kansas and they don't know Right. Anything because the person is missing from whatever state is next to Kansas. How would I know? I, I only have like a seventh grade education. We are the best fucking podcasters that I've ever podcasted. It's for real. Oh, also it says here, he would kidnap them in one state, murder them in a second state. Oh. Dispose of their body in a third State. Why, why that middle, middle man? Because he just wants to keep it clean. 'cause he wants to be able to keep doing it no matter what. Which he did four years Until, oh no, keep going. Sorry. So I'm not trying to lead you along. He also burglarized 20 to 30 homes and he committed arson to cover up the homicides.


Hmm. So it's just everything. Yeah. He's just throwing it all. It's a, it's a, it's a casserole of bad things. Okay. He starts in 1997. His first victim was a girl who was inner tubing down the Deschutes River in Oregon. No. And Steven's ears just Sparks up Steven. Steven knows where that is. Oh, My mom lives in Bend right now. Oh. So that's on, is that on the De de studio? Yeah. Wet Know. Yeah. Thees Bend. Yeah. Yeah. It's a girl between 14 and 18 years old who is tubing. He takes her off of her inner tube, pulls her into the woods, sexually assaults her how, puts her back on the inner tube and puts her on and she never reported it.


Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. So the only reason they even know this happened is 'cause he told them it happened. You think, you know what, you know, one of the safest places I would think are on the, on an inner tube in the middle of a fucking lake With your friends. With your friends. And he, oh my God. Oh, there's the word discharged in 2001. He was discharged from the US Army. Then from 2001 July to October, he resided in Nea Bay, Washington. And there he committed his first homicide. But they don't know who or where he killed the fuck he just said, that's where he did it. Wow. From 2001 to 2005, he murdered.


This is all him telling the FBI. He murdered an unidentified couple in Washington. He refused to tell them if the couple was married, what their relationship to one another was. So it's actually not a couple, it's just two people. This Makes me so Sad. And they don't know if they were residents of Washington's tourist or residents. He abducted from another state and brought over. I don't know why it's like worse for me when they're unidentified. 'cause it's just like, you just know that there are so many people suffering, suffering and wondering and waiting And that don't have answers. Yeah. I mean it's devastating when you do, but at least you're able to cont contend With it. At least, you know, like it's, you're dealing with facts.


Yeah. And instead of any possible thing, oh fuck. So it's like he really did want as many people to suffer as possible. That's awful. 2005 to 2006 in the summer to fall months, he admitted he committed two murders independent of one another. He used his boat to dispose of the bodies of these victims. And he stated that at least one of the bodies was disposed of in Crescent Lake in Washington, where he used anchors to submerge the body. Oh my God. And he, it, he said it was submerged in more than a hundred feet of water. And that he moved their cars a distance between, between where the vehicles were found and where the crime occurred.


And he didn't say who the people were. So basically when the, it sounds like when the FBI's interviewing him, he's just kind of giving them the very most basic things that Might even not be true. Right. And that now you go run and try to figure this Out. Yeah. Good luck with that. So then he drives from Washington state to Anchorage, Alaska, where he lives until his arrest. So from 2007 till 2012, how did get arrested? It's at the bottom of this list. Look, I'm gonna be honest, it's at the bottom of this list. Okay, go on. Oh, I know what it is. It's, he murdered an old couple in Vermont and it got a bunch of press.


Mm. And it was one another one of his super random things. Random. Oh no, I'm sorry. That, that, that got, they were like in the press a bunch, but then he stole the ATM card of one of his victims. Mm. And then when he went to his sister's wedding in Wills, Texas, he started using the ATM tell me. And they, they got onto this stolen ATM cards being used and they got him there. Fuck, What a what a fucking rookie move. But it also sounds like after this much time, like 11 years of just constant random murder. Yeah. Like, I'm never gonna get caught. Catch me. Totally. Or he's like, I can't do this anymore. There might've been a part of him that's just like, I don't wanna do this anymore. Yeah. Maybe because even, even something great and fun after 12 years, you're like, ah, I don't know.


You know what I mean? Getting a little Yeah. That's not kind of boring. So then it just, basically the rest of this fucking thing is a list of cities and like very vague crimes and people Ugh. That they Can't. And when I was reading it, and it, it goes on and on and there was a, there's a Reddit thread that the person is like updated on this date in green, updated on this date in purple. So they just keep on finding wow. Details and they, it literally is, he bought a Southwest ticket from Anchorage, Alaska to San Diego. He walked on foot into Tijuana.


He was, was there for two days, walked on foot back, took a Southwest flight to Tempe, Arizona. That, and it's this stuff where you're just like, well, If he has this pattern, like with the inner tubing girl of just grabbing them and dragging 'em into the woods. Not like, oh, You know, the person who disappeared, we saw her talking to a, you know, shaggy hair dude in a bar. It's not like she's like, he's taking them home. Right. And like, you know, pretending to have a relationship with them, he's fucking dragging. Like there's no, there's no connection. You Are Right. They never saw this person before. Yeah. They don't, they probably never saw him coming. Like it's a place where people wouldn't be like, if it's a trailhead Snatched And then he's there and gone.


Yeah. Also in the list as I'm reading it, he was in Santa Rosa, which is the town above Petaluma. Oh my God. There's a whole part where he's in Napa Valley. He's all, he went on a, like a whole, He had like a wine tour on a Wine tour. Oh honey. Up In Northern California. And the whole thing is like that where I just, I started thinking about that, where I got super scared. Yeah. I saw he flew into the Oakland airport. He rented a car. He drove up to Napa, then he stayed for like one night in one of those whiny hotels. Then he drove to Santa Rosa where, and I'm looking at the years like, oh my God, what year? And was there anybody missing? And do we know? Oh My god. Yeah. Totally. And but then as I read the rest of the list, it's like, And you could do that with every location Yeah.


Across America. But I wonder if he did. No, no he did. But the, Why can't we find them? Find what the People that are dead and Because they don't even know. It's like, oh, there's a, the missing person's for say Tempe, Arizona. Yeah. In 2007. He did it all. Well, They don't know. Yeah, I know. He could have done one. He could have done 'em all. He could have just gone there, drank wine in Napa. Yeah. And left. He's that like, and whatever he was doing, he had his cash thing. Yeah. He Never, nobody ever saw him. He didn't go somewhere to buy a knife. Yeah. Oh God. Yeah. He had money if something happened and they were like, you know, you, he ran outta money. He would have a cash nearby where there was like, bills waiting, dude buried underground.


He's The fucking best boy scout in the world who's also a fucking dick. If a boy scout went fucking nuts, just like had to rub that stick to try to make that fire and just snapped. And was like, you know what? Fuck This. I'm going to be the devil walking on earth. Yeah. For 11 years. Yeah. And it's just, it's so random that, that's the other thing I realized that this sucks because there's no specific storyline or even like any, anybody. 'cause it's all just like, and then he probably killed one random person. Yeah. Like, he's the one that, there was, I don't know if you ever heard about that.


There were the two kids that were spending the night on the beach in San Francisco. Yes. And they just got shot. And you know Why I did that one? But it's just such a weird, They think it's him. Totally. It was him. They think it, they do think that it's him because it's the kind of thing where it, when when that murder came Out, there's no connection. It makes no fucking sense. There's nothing left behind. They're Christian camp kids. Yeah. Who are, who are like trying to just have a camp out one night on the beach for fun. And they both get shot in the head execution style, but there's no way they have anything attached to like a drug dealer or there's no reason none. And he is the, he's the guy that's the no reason murderer. Because that doesn't make any like, there, there should be a pattern to killers, you know?


Exactly. Like, and if you don't have one, then you're probably less likely to get caught. Right. Fuck. It's so crazy. It's so crazy. And also it goes on and on. And then at the end of this thing, it, there's a whole chunk called additional, additional murders. And so it's like he would, he gave additional details regarding the abduction and the murder of a female described as having pale skin, possibly having a wealthy grandmother driving an older car. That's you. Oh my God. It's that. There's just a bunch of that shit. Why Would, what a controlling shit thing to do. Yes. Yes. And then you're like, you know how I'm gonna get out of this kill myself. Yeah.


'cause I'm sure that the, the, the interviewers were like, okay, We're starting to get this stuff. We're starting this up. We're asking him these questions. We're gonna bring in Billy Bob. He's fucking worried at getting shit out of people. Yeah. Like he, you know, like, yeah, We're gonna do this And we're gonna start really putting some of the stuff together. Yeah. And with the information he's giving them, he's saying, I can, I can tell you everywhere I was. I can give you all these details and then, but bye. Goodbye. I'm not actually going to Oh, like what a what a controlling Oh My god. Insane. Yeah. So if you, it to me, this is like built for web sleuths. Yeah. It's so Oh, totally. It's so perfect. But I mean, it just goes on and on.


But if you go on there And you see if you know of a missing person or some kind of murder case. Yeah. It's a really good comparison, I guess chart because you have the years And you do have vague descriptions. Yeah. You can, they, they say if you have information you can call the FBI can connect people at one 800 call FBI. No, it isn't. Yeah. That's not enough. One 800. See that's not enough. CAL that's three LFB. That's four. Fuck. They're not gonna give you not enough numbers. But what is wrong with my brain that I, that call was like, that's three letters. I love it. But you are the one that's gonna figure that out.


You're like, you know what? The FBI is fucking us over right now. That doesn't lean anywhere. That's not an f it's another mystery. Oh my God. What a fucking idiot. Like, I, what is wrong with my, you know what? This naturopath is gonna fucking hear me because clearly I got some issues. So that's, I I feel like the Israel Keys case is one where basically what I'm saying is go look up the name Israel Keys. Yeah. 'cause it'll freak your shit out. Yeah. But there's not, I'm sure there's plenty more to say and we'll hear about all of it. But that's as much as I, I mean like that's Ridic because you do certain things like as someone who's very aware of that, murders happen.


And, you know, I do certain things like I'll, when I use my credit card at a fucking, what are they called? A meter? Yeah. A parking meter. I'm like, here's a, this is another trace as to where I was that day. Like in case something happens, You know, or like I'll go into a liquor store and be the camera's here, it'll show me going to the liquor store that day. But if, like, if that's not, if you can't track someone else having followed you or like between this parking meter and something else, like if there's just snatch and fucking grab. Well, Yeah, because he's not gonna grab you at a parking meter or in a liquor store. No. He's gonna, he's going to grab the person that decided to go on a, a nice nature walk by Themselves. Don't do it. You guys. Yeah. Why would you do that? Not even by yourself, with someone else, even which you think you're safe.


Go in packs of five With knives, with Fucking rottweilers, with Knives taped your hands And knives taped your rottweilers. And then just tons of guns. And just start shooting at any sound you hear Anyone who fucking approaches you Shoot them. Shoot them. Disclaimer, we're fucking joking. Yes. You can't sue us if This happens. Yes. We're joking. Done. We're not liable. So that's my super unsatisfying actual murderer case of Israel Keys. That's good. Okay. Thanks. I did too. Sorry. The one night you're like, can I get outta here early? And I'm like, you know what I'm gonna do give you two. What a dick.


No, we're good on time. I'm Oh good. I'm taking the time. I mean, we're not, but, so let's just, I don't want, it's la this is more important to me. I'm sorry. Public school at the Virgil. But, but this is more important. What what a great show. Please go to public school at the Virgil once a month public School at the Virgil. It's not as important as my favorite. Oh my God. No, I'm kidding. It's such a good show. That's a joke. Okay. Do we could do, should we each say one thing that we like or that makes us happy? One thing that made us happy in the past week. Yeah. Okay. Oh, do you want me to go first? Sure. Because I have one. Oh, you do have one? Okay. It is, I've been listening to, you Must Remember this, the podcast by Corina Longworth. And it, it, I'm so obsessed with it.


I started, somebody recommended to me the Manson series because she goes super good. It's Manson's Hollywood, I think it's called. And it's like a six part series. But she, I mean, talk about research, talk about, talk about a person who cares polar Opposite. I mean, if you hate us, this is the podcast for you. You haven't made it to the end. Yeah. But it is, she's You're, you're spite listening right now. Yeah. And congratulations. 'cause here's the payoff. Yeah. It's such, it's, it's the kind of thing where I didn't think I was that interested in old time Hollywood. Yeah. And it is fascinating. It's gossipy, it's kind of dirty. There's all these things where you're like, I had no idea that happened.


It's just, and it's beautifully done. And so yeah. I highly recommend that podcast. That's a great, I was gonna say no, you know what I'm gonna say. So I found a new author that it's like a true crime. No, no, no. It's a fiction, a fictional author. I'm listening to her audio books and it's like crime. And it's fucked up and it's fucking like a British procedural. Ooh. So I don't know why I wasn't, didn't know that I was into this, so I'm You're fighting it. Yeah. But I like listening to it on an audio book. So it's called Blackland, the one I'm listening to right now by Belinda Bauer. B-A-U-E-R. It's fucked. Like this is, she's, it's, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's 'cause it's not Yeah. It's Totally it. Absolutely. I mean it is, but it's not. Yeah. And it, it's not trying to be.


No, It just Is. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. That's awesome. Yeah. What do we wanna, our website is up and I should have a shows page. It has all our shows on it. So you'll be able to track it there. Yeah. All that information we tried to give you at the be or we did give you the beginning. You can have in like a way to reference The, the website is called, and I'm trying to think of something like super, like really dumb and funny that it would be, but it's not. It's just my favorite murder. Oh, you mean like Oh the fuck word Murder mystery show. Oh yeah. Dot com. That would be cool. Sorry. There's too much talking.org. Something like that. Skipper. Skippers Skippers.


Unite, unite. Nice you guys. Thanks for uniting with us. Yes. And listening. We fucking, you guys are the ones, you guys are the ones, You're the one For me and the people who are for us. And like we truly, truly, truly, truly. Thanks for listening. Nope. Oh, stay sexy. Don't get murdered. Elvis. You want a cookie? Wow. Hmm. Good boy. Bye. Bye. He did that right on cue. He did that on cue. He is waiting. Good boy. He's been waiting. Yeah. He has him fucking tearing shit up is and like is him saying, fuck, what the fuck, what the, the fuck.


Where's the cookie? Yeah. It's, he doesn't do that 'cause because Vince always gives him cookies. And we're back. Karen, any, any updates on any of this? Yes, There are. Yeah. There are so many unanswered questions of course about Israel Keys, how many victims he has, where those victims are, how many states he hit. I mean he was truly like going out there trying to be uncatchable. So yeah. And because of that, he was in 2020, the FBI released images of skulls that had been drawn by Israel keys with his own blood. What they were found under his bed in his jail cell in a 48 hour special FBI.


Special agent Jolene Godin explained quote, he drew a series of 11 skulls and one of them says, we are one. We believe that 11 is the total number of victims. Wow. So you can look that up. Obviously many true crime fans probably have already read it. So the confirmed victims of Israel keys are Bill and Lorraine Courier. That couple from Vermont, Samantha Kaing of Anchorage, Alaska. And that was Samantha Cain's ATM card that Israel Keys was using when he got caught in Texas. Right. And we have talked about Josh Hallmark's podcast. True crime bullshit a lot. Yeah. But that was also in my reapproach to doing this story, which is so gigantic.


I started listening to this podcast. It's really incredible. I really love it. He is, Josh Hallmark is such a great podcast host and he's so serious about really trying to find bodies, victims. Yeah. Any like trying to clear missing persons cases from years back. It's such totally incredible work that he has been doing for the past decade. Hallmark says, no murder kits have been found since Key's death in 2012. But over 70 topographical maps of various areas of the country were found on key's computer by the FBI. Mm. And so Josh thinks that these maps will help the FBI and others locate more murder kits. Cash or bodies that have been hidden essentially.


Can you imagine if they have been found those kits and like someone didn't know what they were and just just threw 'em away? Yeah. You're just like walking through the forest And you kick a couple pine sprigs over and then there's just a duffle bag filled with a very overt murder kit. Call the police people, please, please Call the police. And also don't remember if you have any information about any, Don't remember Anything, you can call the FBI at one 800 call FBI, which Georgia doesn't think is a real phone number because you said there's not enough numbers. I'm so sorry. One 800. Call FBI. It is so funny. So that's just the top scratching the surface of Israel keys.


Wow. All right. Skippers, you made it to the end. Don't skip this part. It's really important. Please. It's about you. It's about you. 'cause we're gonna take the pressure off you. And if we were to name this episode something aside from skipping the skippers, Well we could name it after George's joke about Steven giving me that Diet Coke tall boy. And the title would be Steven's Your New Mommy. It's pretty comforting. Yeah. Let's see. Pond of Shame. I like that one about what you said about the show's success To going to a naturopath or walking down a natural path to a pond of shame. Where were we?


What were we doing? How much whiskey had I had? And also like what, you know, you skip that. Yeah. That magic back and forth between you and I, you're Gonna miss all the fucking holiday sauce that we dump on ourselves. You don't It unless you have high cholesterol. Don't do it. Truly. And we, there's partially on top of it anyways, so you get your greens, so, so it's, Yeah, it'll clear you right Out. It's fine. How about, yeah, you, you do This. The casserole bad things. That's of course talking about Israel keys, crimes, but also so many things these days. Just a casserole of bad things. That's True. Some crunchy like topping on there. Yeah. Those fried onions. Oh yeah. Yeah.


All right. Well thanks Skippers. Thanks Skippers and Nons. Skippers alike. More thanks to the Nons Skippers. You're really in there with us for this one especially. Yeah. And stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell A LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. There was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting Music gives dot org


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how Life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


You know those commercials where a single impossibly shiny car glides down a beautiful winding country road with a horse running along a fence? Oh yeah. That's not real life. No. But Hyundai's available class exclusive advanced safety features are designed for the roads we actually drive on helping to keep you and your family protected. Hyundai vehicles are equipped with a standard driver attention warning system, which constantly monitors your attention levels. Learn more about Hyundai at Hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for complete details. That's H-Y-U-N-D-A-I usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Goodbye.