
This is exactly right.


Is it time to reimagine your future? The right business skills may make a difference in your career. At Capella University, we offer a relevant education that's designed to focus on what you need to know in the business world. We'll teach professional skills to help you pursue your goals, like business management, strategic planning, and effective communication. And you can apply these skills right away. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This episode is brought to you by Skinny Pop. Popcorn perfectly popped, endlessly delicious. Oh, so light and crunchy. Skinny pop original popcorn is the snack you've been searching for. Made with just three simple ingredients. Popcorn kernel, sunflower oil, and salt snacking. Never felt or tasted so good. Perfectly popped. Endlessly delicious. Give yourself permission to snack and pick up skinny Pop original popcorn today.


Hello, Hello And Welcome To Rewind with Karen in Georgia. Yes, this is our Wednesday episode where we recap an old episode of My Favorite Murder. We give you case updates if we have any, apologies if they're necessary, and probably throw in a couple tangents. Oh, We love a good tangent. Today we're revisiting episode 23, which, you know, we're still in those pun number names. So this one's called Making A Twenty Thirderer, which came out on Wednesday, June 29th, 2016. And this episode is themed. We tell Survivor stories, but also introduce three very important parts of MFM lore. Karen Coins, an iconic phrase, and a listener names the listeners.


And it is the debut of the man, the myth, the mustache Stephen Ray Morris. Yes. So buckle up Marinos. 'cause now we can all be day one listeners. Okay. It's time to listen to the intro of episode 23. Welcome. What you couldn't hear is Karen and I just smiling, just Doing Fakely fake podcast faces to each other as we were about to introduce this. Welcome To My favorite murder, stirring Georgia Hard stark. That's her. Hi. And Karen Ger. Hi. That's me. You're Really good at pod.


Like long pauses. And so I'm like, am I, is she waiting for me to jump in? And then I You mean I'm good at like putting, putting them in and making you unsure as to what you're supposed to do. Yes. Yeah. But that's us. I like to keep mystery in the relationship. You Look tan. Did you look tan? No, I have a red face because my favorite celebrity was talking to me on Twitter. And so my cheeks got really red and they wouldn't stop. They won't stop being red Karen. It's like significant. I know. I've never seen you flushed before. I know. This is what it looks like. Holy Shit. I know. Don't, you don't have to say who it is, but Oh my God.


I know. Well, he knows who he is 'cause he, that's why he talks to You. You get flushed when you, when someone talks to you that you like. Yeah, that's cute. I've never seen you speak to someone you like. Then I know it. It doesn't happen that often. You don't like any of our friends. It's just, you know, there's some, there's some good uses for Twitter. That's all I'll say. That's so cute. Aren't I precious Also, I was, I was driving into the sun essentially. Oh, okay. Driving home from work so that it was a combo thing too. But I, I don't think I've ever seen your arms. You're so you took your sweater off. 'cause it's a hundred a thousand degrees in my apartment. Yeah, that's right. And your tan as fuck. Well, Yeah, I guess I am a little bit.


I think this is just from how hot it's been lately. I've really never, I don't think I've ever seen you in a short sleeved shirt. You adorable freckles. Let's talk about you. You adorable freckles and you tan. Well, yeah, I think these part, I mean like look at this farmer stand though. That's hilarious. I gotta get that. I gotta start working that. That is not a narrowly farmer stand. Do not take a picture of this. Stevens. Could you imagine It? It's Pretty sweet. It looks like, it looks like I've an apple picker professionally. No, it totally does. This, this farmer's tan that I have going. It totally does. Yo No, it's summer. Summer. Karen is in full effect right now. I got Botox today.


You did? We're gonna go ahead and talk about, Let's get, this is full. Let's just tell all of our secrets. God, I wish I had like, what is it called? Sacked. Any, any kind of shame. I love it. Secrets. Well, Who cares at this point? Everyone gets it. Oh my God. If I cared that people like I was trying to hide Botox, that wouldn't be me. It's like lying about your age. What's the point? Also, every person that lives in this town would have to be hiding it. Yeah. And you know what else? Half the other people should get Botox because fuck. It's like the best. It's the best. Wait, lemme put my glasses back on. You Can't tell. It takes like a week for it to work. But you can see like a little bit of a bruise coming up. Oh, And then what happens?


Everything tightens up. Yeah. It doesn't tighten. It just kind of, yeah, it just, the muscles stop working. So there's no wrinkles. Oh. It's just great. I love it. I don't care how fucking vapid I sound. I don't, it's not vapid. I'm not, it's Not fpi. You're an on camera personality. Yeah. That's kinda shit. You just don't, I mean, if people know, like when you see yourself on camera, it's, it's the physical equivalent of when you hear your voice on an answering machine. Yeah. It's nightmarish. Or in a podcast, Especially HD on a huge tv. Oh, please. And in in general too. It makes me feel better about myself. Of Course. So who Fucking cares?


And also every single person that you see on television over the age of 12 is filled with Botox For sure. You know why? Because it's awesome. Because it works. It's so, it's so great. Until they start, what they need to do is they need to develop some kind of a computer program that can just automatically go in and pull out wrinkles. Yeah. That's what they need to do. But until then it's on the individual performer. Yeah. And it's, oh man, I love it. I don't care. You just love it. Do you feel like spinning in a circle? Like a, like a pretty girl in a dress with an apron on the front. I Get car sick really easily. So I think that would be a mistake. But I give money to charity too. It's not like this is my only Girl. You're in Hollywood.


You're Hollywood on camera presence. You are a star of the food network. You are a dessert queen. Thank you. You don't want wrinkles in that shit. No, I don't need it. Although I have them and support them. A hundred percent. No, you I have like, I have a crevice in my forehead that a while ago I was like, fuck it, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go with this. Yeah. Like I'm Think how gray hair when they're like, I'm just gonna let my hair fucking grow gray. I can't do that yet. Because if I did, I could go completely gray really fast. No, you, I like your dark hair. You don't need I I need it. Yeah. I need it. I, I feel the same way with bangs. Like I just, they're my comfort. I need them. Exactly. This is, I need some dark hair leftover from the, my nineties mod.


We call it a mod slash goth. Yeah. Phase. I would didn't really ever commit to anything entirely except for beer. But I need the hair. I need some darkness around me. Sure. At all times. Bangs In a fucking bob haircut And a strong lip and a hoop earing And a beer And a ugh only. Yeah. And like yeah, like a eye li like lip liner only no lipstick. Yes. Wait, What are we talking about now? I dunno. I just kinda went that way. Hey, I finished the Simpson show. Oh, you the New I Haven't the new Simpsons. And you love it. So we're talking about the OJ Simpson made an America document three for 30 documentary.


Unbelievable. Did you watch, did you see the crime scene photos? No. For oh my, okay. So here's what they do. They, everyone was like the episode four hardcore crime scene photos. Like just be prepared. So they showed them and I four or Five. Four. Okay. Then I'm, I'm think I'm halfway through four, So I haven't seen the hardcore one. So they show you. They show them and I'm like, oh, I must be so fucking crazy and desensitized. 'cause this is nothing. It was just like, oh. And then suddenly it's a fucking up close of her neck wound. Oh no. Of Nicole Simpson's. Sorry. Nicole Brown's neck wound. I haven't seen that. Like, no warning. And I thought like, oh I can, I can see that. Like, her sad, sad crumpled body, his body really kind of did get to me.


Ron Goldman. Man, it's So sad. I just, the, you know, he like, he like came upon her being attacked. It's not even like, I always thought that they were there together. And OJ freaked out because he thought they were dating. Right. He, he wasn't even there yet when the attack on Nicole started. Oh That poor kid. Is it? They say that in the documentary. Yeah. That's like proven fact. It's Yeah. That's a nightmare. Wasn't she got attacked during the, and fell to the ground and that's when he came in. Oh. And he was just bringing her mom's reading glasses that she had left at the restaurant where he waited tables. That's Nightmare and nightmare for that mom.


I mean she would, I mean Oh yeah. 'cause it's To have that connection of like, oh I needed my glasses back. Totally. And then they Yeah, Totally. Oh yeah. That bothered me. And that I keep thinking about him and his, anyway, It's not good. Yeah. So you should finish it. I'll definitely finish it. I think it's like every time I go home after a day of work where I'm like a little bit rung out. Yeah. A little tired. I just want to listen to British people. Oh. Oh, I tried it. Speaking of which, what the show The tunnel. The, the, it's a reading show. I tried to watch episode two last night and I fell asleep almost immediately. And I kept closing my eyes going, now I dunno what's happening.


'cause I'm not looking because Yeah. 'cause I'm not reading. But I love it. I was bored Four minutes in. Oh really? Four minutes. I'm gonna try it again and try it some more. Too much reading. No too. Like fucking dramatic. Like too dramatic. Like just too like, you know like the cute officer is like a cheerio. You can take the body like take this murder. It's all yours Bite. Yeah. And then it's like, but then the body falls apart in half and Spoiler alert What the body falls apart. Oh sure. I mean that was in the first two minutes. No, I know. You know what I mean? No, I think I hear what you're saying. I accept what you're saying.


I think it's interesting though, like, I like that it's like the French female cop who's of course a beautiful young French actress but is also playing this borderline autistic. Is she very all business Bitchy. Kind of Bitchy and, and like, kind of like, I don't care if you're making a joke. I don't care if you're being charming. I'm Saying, but I'm saying I want everyone, I'm saying bitchy and like bitchy. Like it's fucking awesome. But it is awesome. I don't feel like what a bitch like bitching Bitch is cool. No, we like Bitchy I'll, I'm gonna try it again. Like I, I pretty much 90% out the time hate every show. Like the first 10 minutes. Yeah. And I'm like, I hate the show, but because It's hard to get used to new things. That's true.


Speaking of new things, I have a present. Ooh. For you and for me. Ooh. From a listener. Is this our first listener? Like viewer mail? Yeah. I have a, like a listener mail. I have a Don't worry. I have a PO box. Good. So if anyone wants to send us shit, you can message me. And if you're not insane and have, okay Grandma, I'll give you our PO box number. So Caroline Abernathy sent us a present Caroline To my PO box. She's a sweet baby angel. Have you Already opened it? I fucking have. And I know she already, she was like, I'm sending you this thing. And I'm like, great. Oh, awesome. I'll tell Karen. So She's the first thing I thought of. It's full of live moms.


I haven't opened it. Something creepy. Kaboom. And that's how they died. So she, so she can, she sells this in her Etsy shop. It's called her Etsy shop is Anime Gravy with a capital A. I don't know if that's necessary. Like you have to put that in or whatever. Right. Are you ready for this present? Yes. Okay. I'm gonna put my mic down real quick. Okay. She's un she's uns scrolling a, a small P. It's just stay sexy. Don't get murdered with Elvis in the owl poster, we each have our own. Yes. Oh my God. This is gorgeous. I know. So this chick is so for new listeners, I mean get with the program.


But so we always, first Of all, first of all of all, let us reprimand you by being, for being real. Right. So This is amazing. Stay Sexy. Don't get murdered. Is our catch the thing we always say our catch phrase or catchphrase? No, it's just something we started saying and people like it. My catchphrase is, what are you talking about, Willis? That's right. I forgot. I forgot. And then Elvis, my cat is holding who's like Holding a cookie. It looks just like him. It looks exactly like him. And the owl, of course is the owl theory from the staircase, Which is very funny. A lot of people have pointed out on the Facebook page. We've never really talked about that on the podcast. It's like something you and I have personally talked about and just referenced. Right. We've mentioned it being a theory.


Yeah. But we haven't like discussed if we believe it Or not. I think it's like we've discussed how we've discussed it. Right. Essentially. So there's a lot of people who are like, wait, when did they about This? It's disgust. It's disgusted. Yeah, it is disgusting. And it's, this is amazing. And it's like my, it's like, look, it's the color of my walls too. It's like this like, yeah. That's Weird. Mint green that I'm obsessed with. Beautiful. It's so cute. This is the best. So you guys can go to Anime Gravy and you can buy it. I wanna tell everyone it's just $10, but I feel like she should up the price right now. This Is worth more than 10. It's only $25. Caroline Abernathy. Yeah. That's really cool. Thank you so much for She wrote us. Should I read? I haven't read the note actually. Oh, let's see.


Should I read the note? Yes. Dear Karen and Georgia, I'm so happy that you like my drawing. Thanks for always making me laugh. Then feel bummed as fuck about all the murders and smile again by asking Elvis if he wants a cookie. I've introduced multiple friends to your podcast. It's the perfect friend filter to see who's cool enough to hang out with Marinos. Nice. Yay. You too. Rock. So fucking hard. Stay sexy. Don't get murdered, Caroline. Thank you. Oh my God, that's, I love it so much. That's really exciting. I'm Gonna get it framed. I love it. Now greedily, the next thing I was immediately gonna say is now I want one of those little cute, like those little pendants that say Stay sexy. Don't get murdered. If we need to give her a shout out. Let me see here. I think we did once. We had totally have. That's The one whose named Flossy, right?


Or am I, is that a Let's, let's, Hey Steven, will you look that up for us? Since you're here? Oh, you guys, this month, This week we have a sound, a recor recording engineer. Right. Remember how we had technical difficulties last week? Steven, I'm, I'm helping us. The sound not get murdered. Yes, thank you. Stephen Ray Morris, who you know and love from the Facebook group is helping us because Tech Diffs last week. We're trying to get up. We're just trying to be professional. You know how we, you know, how we strive and aspire to be better every week. I've never felt worse about like, been more bummed about not having a belch ready when you said that. And like, you know me, I'm fucking belch.


Get one ready and then drop it in as a surprise at some point during the podcast And it will. Oh, I just remembered. So the podcast that I love that I go to sleep to Yeah. Called Sleep With Me podcast. Yeah. He gave us a shout out. He gave me a shout out and gave My favorite murder a shout out Georgia. I was listening to it and I'm so sorry I was fast forwarding in the beginning because he talks about like who's, oh, we have the person who, oh Let's see her name. Is it, Is it one of those, is it one of those people? Yes, it is. Cool. But I don't know which One. I just touched the picture. Should something happen? No, We don't know yet. It's that One. Oh, okay. Cool. Oh, we're, continue my search. We just to do a step by step. Thank you. He, I was fast forwarding through the part that I don't care about the beginning.


See, Everybody's a skipper in some way. I Skipped the very beginning but not the like good stuff. So, and I hear Georgia h and as I'm skipping and I was like, wait a second, hey. And I go back and he was like, he is just like so sweetie like gives everyone a shout out. So, and he said my favorite M dial M for like he could on a sleep podcast. He didn't wanna say the word murder, which I love. Oh, that's sweet. Yeah. If you guys have insomnia, listen to the Sleep With Me podcast. It. It's my new Ambien. That's great. It's so fucking Good. That's Really, oh that's so exciting. Isn't that nice? Oh you know what, we got a shout out and people have talked about it on the dollop and I just wanted to give people, we already talked about how he called you Georgina.


I don't know if he, he asked me for your email. So he hasn't emailed me yet. Okay. I'm sure he's going to email you along and involved apology. I'm Sure it's an apology, But if you like the dollop is Dave Anthony and Gareth Reynolds. And they tell weekly, I think it's actually biweekly. They go over crazy historical stories from America, Australia, ev anywhere. So cool. And they're un insane. Like there's this one I would start with that's about bathing suits, like men's bathing suits and the y that's, you know, the boys and men used to be required to swim naked until like the sixties.


No, I swear to God it's the craziest story where you're like, it. It's like, anyway, they have all these I love facts. I love fucking stupid histor. I love stupid historical facts that you just like wouldn't know. That's The doll up a hundred percent. Dave basically reads the story. Gareth's never heard the story before And he does what I do. No. Yes, exactly. And then just like riffs thing, it's really hilarious. It's one of my favorite podcasts. But anyway, so they gave us a shout out. So all these people were like, oh, that's so weird. I love that podcast. And then so Dave told me, I said, I texted Dave and said thank you. And then I said, is it okay if I tell them that you were my first comedy boyfriend? 'cause Dave Anthony and I dated in the nineties. Like boyfriend? Boyfriend.


Yeah. He was my boyfriend college. He was my first real boyfriend when I lived in San Francisco. Oh my God. And so I said, is it okay if I tell them you were my first comedy boyfriend? And then he just texted back in all caps. There were others, which was hilarious. So I think people like a little inside. Yeah. The inside scoop of fun stuff. 'cause people just think that we're all like, it's, I just think it's funny that people are like, that's so weird. The my favorite podcast, the Doll Up gave a shout out to My favorite murder. And it's like, yeah, I've known Dave for almost 30 years. Well I feel like the comedy, the comedian people, like you've met them all. And I, I actually asked you before like, Hey, can I give this podcast a shout up because I don't know if you hate this, This comedian always good to check.


Like you might have history with this fucking person. And I'm like, I definitely will. You're gonna be pissed that I Right. So yeah. You know, I mean, you know everyone. Okay. We know who these key chains are made by their, they're metal and they're stamped with Stay sexy. You don't get murdered. They're amazing with A little heart at the bottom. Yeah. Yes. It's by a Etsy seller. My heart has plans Do It. My heart has plans. Adorable. So if you just, I honestly just Googled, stay sexy, don't get murdered Etsy. And that was like the first thing and then the cross stitching one that popped up. Oh yeah. What shit comes up? There's some good stuff on there. We're Googleable. Okay. We're back in the present. Sadly, we're Steven Less. But I love that he's here with us now.


He's here with us. Then I love in the timeline of the podcast that he's joined us finally. Me Too. He was so badly needed. And if you can just picture it too, like we're still in my apartment, there's a loveseat that I am just probably really offensively sprawled across. Yes, it was. I was offended constantly. Right. And you were on the couch. And then Steven would just sit on the carpet. It was just this like apartment carpet. And he was just like happy as a fucking GLM sitting on this carpet recording laughing and giggling to himself. Steven was crisscross applesauce over on the side giggling and like basically encouraging what we were doing.


Yeah. Which was much needed and much appreciated. He didn't even ask for a chair now that I think of it. And I didn't offer him one. Now that I think of it, Look, we were, we were going through some stuff. I think I Had some trying to get it done. I'm pretty sure I had like a vintage dining set that no one ever used. I could have given him a chair, but he wanted to be, It was to his left. He could have gotten it true if he wanted to. It was a tiny apartment. There was no dining room. Yeah. But I Feel like he has the true soul of a, of a podcast engineer where he's like, I'm going to be invisible and sit here and listen. Yeah. And then take notes and help you. Right. I'm basically another listener. I'm just like better at it than most listeners.


Yeah. I'm first at it kind of. So also, there was an example of Stephen immediately being not just useful as the sound guy, but then I couldn't remember the name of that Etsy creator who made a key chain. He immediately finds it for us. Of course he does. But also we get our first listener mail, like a package because a listener named Carolyn Abernathy, who has an Etsy shop called Anime Gravy, of course sent us that classic Elvis writing an owl image with Stay sexy and don't get murdered on it. It's a beauty. I love it. To this day. It was so thrilling to see that, that picture when we first saw it, where it was like, oh, someone's out there listening and then making something because of what they hear.


Yeah. And now it's like in our hands intangible. And I have to start paying for framing. Yes. Oh, those were your thoughts at the time. Well, I think I was still a Thumb Talk. I was still a Thumbtack girl at the time. So Yes. And her Etsy shop, anime Gravy Art, all one word is still open. And this poster is still available for sale. So go get yourself a classic piece of MFM merch history And thank you Caroline for being a part of that history. Yeah. What a lovely experience That was very early on. Truly. Well It's time for, I think Georgia's story in this episode, right? Episode 23. Yeah. And it's the story about the chessboard killer.


Sorry, Santa, you and the reindeer have been great, but we're bringing in someone new this year. I'm Sorry, you're firing Santa. I Am. We can do it ourselves. Miracle Made Sheets are inspired by NASA and designed to make sleep out of this world. These sheets are self-cleaning, temperature regulating and luxuriously soft everything you'd want in a gift. Miracle Made offers a whole line of antibacterial bedding that prevents up to 99.7% of bacterial growth. They're self cooling and they're designed to keep you at the perfect temperature all night long. And if you're worried about sacrifice and comfort or quality, miracle made has bedding, that's as luxurious as a five star hotel without the hefty price tag. So I've been using a miracle made duvet cover. It is so soft. I like get into bed early when it's on my bed just so I can cuddle up. And I went on a vacation recently and I stayed in a hotel and I've missed my miracle made sheets like, and I'm really picky with stuff. It's truly luxurious. So go to try miracle.com/murder to try Miracle Made Sheets Today. And whether you're buying them for yourself or as a gift for a loved one, if you order today, you can save over 40%. And if you use our promo code Murder checkout, you'll get three free towels and save an extra 20% Miracle is So confident in their product, it's backed with a 30 day money back guarantee. So if you aren't a hundred percent satisfied, you'll get a full refund. Upgrade your Sleep with Miracle Made. Go to try miracle.com/murder and use the code murder to claim your free three piece towel set and save over 40% off. Again, that's try miracle.com/murder to treat Yourself. Thank you Miracle made for sponsoring this episode. Goodbye And goodbye.


This podcast is sponsored in part by Mini Health. For many women approaching menopause can be a mystery. If You're feeling moody or struggling to sleep, you might be wondering, is this menopause or something else? Mini's expert clinicians, shout out to Nurse Wendy can help you solve your mystery symptoms. Right now they're offering prove hormone test kits free to the first 200, My favorite murder listeners who sign up for a mini virtual visit like Georgia clearly did. Your mini clinician will use your prove test results to determine where you are in the menopause journey and support you with safe, effective FDA approved medications, plus supplements and lifestyle coaching. And yes, MIDI Health Services are covered by most major insurers. So you can get the expert care you need plus your free approved 15 day hormone test kit from midi. Just tell them it was My favorite murder. Who referred you when you sign up@joinmidi.com? That's join mi d.com. Goodbye. Goodbye.


I first This week. Yeah, I think I was first last week. I think you're right with the old SA beans. Oh right. So as last week we talked, we did a 1500 hundreds murder, which we were both like, that was a mistake. What I liked is when I re-listened to it, we just, it's just so clearly reading. It was like we were being forced to read book reports in front of our class. That's what it sounded like. We tried to have fun with it, but I mean, you know. Okay. So we gave ourselves another, we gave ourselves an I survived theme. And I think from now on we, let's do a couple more weeks of No theme. No theme after this. But I do, I do like this one. Once again, did you get painted into a box?


No, No, no. I like this one. I think it's cool and it's something I've never heard of and it's creepy and fucked up and Oh good. Okay. I like it. It's for sure. But yeah, I like to go wild. You just like to be yourself and decide what you wanna do with the last second. I'm like, do I wanna do me? You just, you're on your journey. I, I'm positive that my vocal fry has gotten worse since we've started this podcast. You Sound a little like you're getting over a thing. You know What's weird? I had a little throaty feeling last night. Or are you getting over? Hanging out with me and taking my, and I'm over it And getting my vocal fry. It's catching, it's contagious. Contagious fry's.


52-year-old single divorced dads. Those are the only people who complain about it. Sounds like you're thinking of someone very specific. My own, no, my dad's my dad. Did you see he keeps commenting on our shit. Yeah. He is totally into it, isn't he? He keeps Writing like he always writes like, you go girl. He seriously like an, I used to have a blog and I didn't tell them about it. And then I started getting posts that were like, you go girl. I'm like, that's my fucking dad. I know it. And then one day he was like, so how's your blog? His name's Martin, right? Marty. Marty. Marty was like, how's your blog? I fucking knew you were you go girl, he Loves you. He's so proud of you. He's so sweet. He's so supportive. My dad heard from, he said, Hey, there's a fireman whose daughter and all her friends, listen to your murder podcast.


Shut Shut. I swear to God. And I was like, oh, I, he texted it to me, he goes, what's it called? And I said, My favorite murder. And he goes, how come you didn't tell me about it? And I go, 'cause there's a ton of swearing and we talk about murder the whole time. And then he was like, Aw you or something. I was like, I hope to God my father never listens to This. I don't care if mine does. I bought him, I bought him My favorite murder shirt. Oh, nice. So As you see an older man, a distinguished shoulder man walking around New Orleans with my favorite, with My favorite murder shirt on with two Cartoony girls on his Shirt. That might be Marty. Marty Mar. He's the best. Okay. Sorry. No, we derailed it. We Could do this all day.


All right. So My favorite murder, I survived edition. Sweet. So do you know that Alexander Ky pki kin, hold on a second. You know when you like write and write and write all day and then you never say it out loud, you're like, what the fuck? Oh yeah. Should have practiced that. Oh, p kin, kin. Listen, he is Russian. Okay. And they murdered my people Kin Pushkin? No, I don't know. Kin, kin, kin. I think I'm gonna go with that. Okay. AKA The chessboard killer. No. Yeah, the chessboard Killer.


He's called that because he was methodically hunting people and sought to kill one person for every space on the chess board. I love this. I've never heard of it. Yeah, I love this already. Russian dude. Russian serial killer. He's also known as the Bitsa Park maniac because the Bitsa Park in Russia is where he did it's Moscow, Southwest Moscow is where he did a lot of his best work. Wow. Can I do a high school brag and say I've been to Moscow. Have you I went on a trip, like one of those packaged tours in high school. It was called Russia, Poland in the east.


Dude, I wanna go on that. It was crazy. Amazing. And it was 1987, so it was before the wall came down. I That sounds, you think now that I look 16 'cause I have Botox, they'll let me pretend I'm in high school and go Yeah, absolutely. Oh my God. That's honestly like, I'm dying to go to like, I wanna go to East Berlin, which I know doesn't exist anymore. But It was crazy. It was crazy. And it, there was all this stuff because it was still, was it still the Soviet Union? Is that Yeah, technically. So there's all this old, these old buildings that were just left over. It was almost like how I imagined Cuba probably is where it's like the great times. Oh, I wanna go just leave it there. Even though it's this huge empty building that no one's in anymore.


It was And Driving old the same old cars. Yeah. No one had. And it's like, It was amazing. And there was, they had tables set up. I'm totally have derailed you, but I'm, this would be My last thing. Oh, I wanna talk about This. They had tables set up in the street and you would go up and you would give them, you know, three rubles or whatever. It was like so cheap. Yeah. And then you had, you would just pick up a little pre poured glass of warm coke and just drink a little, like probably three fingers of coke. And then give them the glass back and they would take it and sterilize it and then pour more coke in the glass. And it was like a little car like card table that was Set up. It's like when you're running a marathon except, and they hand you coke and you pay for it. Yeah. So you just stop a and have a couple sips of coke.


That is so weird. And they also had vodka vending machines. Better. I would do that one instead. Yeah. We drank a lot of vodka. We were all allowed to drink. Yeah. 'cause the drinking age over there was like 16. It was nuts. Anyway, That's, that sounds incredible. I would kill to go on a grocery store, like I'm obsessed with authentic grocery stores. I would go to that grocery store so hard. Their Grocery stores were very sparsely Because it's like stocks. This is the toothpaste. There's not a bunch of brands. Yeah. This is toothpaste. Yeah. Which I, I'm kind of like, let's do that now we don. Wait. No, I'm not a commun or a socialist. No, you're definitely not a socialist. But you are a Bernie bro. Right. Sometimes I get sick of it. Overwhelmed.


That is not, I just want everyone to know that's not true. I'm actually a Republican. I'm actually a trumpster. Is that what they call themselves? Yeah. Trumpster. Trumpsters. Sorry. Okay, go Ahead. No, I don't even Just, I, what I'm saying is ask me anything about Russia. Why did you kill my people? So kin, he committed his first murder in 1992. He was a student college or high school. I don't care. So he was motivated. Motivated in part by a macabre competition with like the better known Russian serial killer Andre Chickillo.


Yes. Who's like the creepiest creep kind of hot creep. No, he is not hot. He's like, he's like older dude. Hot. No, he's in no way hot. A little bit older dude. Hot. Doesn't he have a dent in his head? Oh no, I'm into that. Oh, okay. Sorry. Like, have a thing. Yeah, you're right. That's very judgmental. Dungeon heads. Who am I to say I feel dirty? So wait, sorry. He didn't know him. He was just like, he knew what he did and was competing with Him in that way. Yeah. He was like, yeah. Which is like, find someone else to compete with. Like Yeah. Right. Find a like Olympic athlete. You know, although Chickillo was kind of the Olympic athlete of serial killers, I wonder if this Alexander kin is pissed that he actually didn't beat him.


You Know? He is. Yeah. So blah, blah, blah. Andre was convicted in 92 of killing 53 children and young women over a 12 year period. So this guy was like, I'm gonna do 64 for a chess board. Quick question. 64 on a chess board. Correct? Yes. Let's just go with it. How would I, so okay, Here's correct. Moving on. Here's a, a regular fact on My favorite murder. His mom says that the beginning of his downfall and becoming a crazy person was when he was hit on the head, hit in the head, send him back. Ding do. Yeah. He was hit on the head by a swing at age four.


And I'm like, unless the swing was made of cinder blocks. That's, but that's what happened to Richard Ru, Richard Ramirez. He got hit in the head with a swing. Like exactly. A swing. Yes. They're made of like rubber. It's enough. Concuss. No, I concussion. Like in the seventies, eighties. Do concussions affect children more than they do adults? Probably. I mean, like, you're a doctor, right? Yes. Please ask me anything. I love lying. You're A Russian doctor, right? I think we've established that. I love to bullshit. So the answer there is no, I, If you act like you're right, you're technically right. Yeah. Except until I tell on myself the next episode. Right. And apologize.


So he lo so this push, push, Fishkin lured his victims. He mostly was into elderly homeless men. Not in a sexual way. He, he would say to them in this park, Hey, do you guys wanna get shitfaced on vodka? I'm paraphrasing here. And he would say like, let's go to the grave of my beloved dog that's like deep in the park. Oh. And he was actually not, he was actually really loved animals. He was never an, he got hit in the head. Weird, but he didn't kill animals. Okay. Then they'd go out there and be drinking and he would attack them with a hammer. Oh Man. That's Oh, just The, yeah, that would hurt a lot.


Just the like, okay. That became his trademark. And then he would, oh no, this became his trademark. He would do that and then he would push a vodka bottle into the gaping wounds of their skulls. Oh no. It's like a, when you make a watermelon vodka thing, what is that? You know what I'm talking about? When you like, poke a hole in a watermelon and then empty a bottle of vodka in there, and then it's Like, yeah. He was kind of trying to do one of those, the 4th of July. Maybe he was a frat boy. Oh, just Pickling that brain. Kinda lost It a little bit in the park. Russian frat boys are different than they are here. Oh yeah. I'd rather have a frat boy from here than a Russian frat boy. I dunno. I don't wanna choose. I choose neither, Neither. Oh, I didn't know that was AdChoices.


Otherwise I still would've chosen Americans. Most of his victims were elderly men. But he did kill three women. Women. And one child. The body of one of the women was, I don't, do you wanna know how that there were tiny stakes hammered into her skull and around her eyes, or no? Yeah. Okay. I mean, yeah. Stakes. Tiny stakes. Like, Like, not Like, like pitching a tent. Yeah. Or using, oh, not Like yum, yum steaks. Yeah. He said once for me, life without murder is like life without food for you. I felt like the father of all these people since it was me who opened the door for them into another world.


Yeah. That's not true. They're like, I prefer Marty. I prefer my actual dad. But thanks. Yeah. Dads aren't supposed to be like that. Right. So, okay, so here, let's get to the survivor. All right? Yes. Fucking badass bitch. Her name was Maria. Viva. Viva. She was 19 and three months pregnant, which already you're like, come on, Like, let me get through this. Yeah. You know, pregnant and her, the, the man she was her boyfriend was a friend of this killer. Oh. Which is like, date someone else, find better friends. She met him, she ran into him at work. She and her boyfriend had just got into a huge fight.


And so she was pissed off, like hanging out near the metro station. And he saw her and was like, and he had been hunting for a victim. And this is in February of 2002. I should have started with that. So he said that most of his male victims, he, he was able to get them away with alcohol was the thing that, that they, that the reason they would go with him. But for women, he said quote, women always need to have a financial interest. Fuck you. You don't know me, man. I like vodka. I know. I don't need your fucking Money. I like dead pets graves. Yeah. Stupid. I'll Cheers over that dick.


So he says to her that, that he has several boxes of brand new contraband cameras. Oh yeah. Stashed inside the park. Oh, sorry. Women always love cameras. That's really true. If there's some kind of deal going like a sales deal where they're like, oh, I have this thing, I'm gonna cut you in on it. Just say no. Even if it's true, you're still probably gonna get arrested. There's, you have to pay for things that you want in this life. Right. When you try to sidestep that fact, you're, you're, you mess with the wrong people. You end up in the forest at a dog's grave, what have you. And then with a vodka bottle in your head, Free money isn't free. Like, just, just go without, Just, just get a jaw.


Buy your own shit. Stay outta the forest. It's never gonna be chill. Get it. That's gonna be the quote. Get a job. What was it? Get A job. Anytime we list anything in threes, we want you to put it on a poster. There was another one. Shit. Karen is full of quotes. So I'm full of beans. Sony beans. Oh my God. Okay. We've gotta get through this. So, all right. So here's what he does. He's like, here's some cameras in here. Come on in with me. And she was like, okay, fuck. Don't do that. 'cause she was pissed at her boyfriend. You know, It's a great way to rebel. I've Done some stupid shit and I'm like pissed at my boyfriend. Yeah. So he takes her over to where he says he left the camera, which is this, well, this like brick, well into the like forest ground.


And he lifts a man, he will cover off. And he is like, Hey, take a look inside dude. And she approaches, he grabs her and shoves her into the well, and she's trying to grasp the edges of the, the rim of the well. And he grabs her by the hair and just like starts smacking her head against the cell, the concrete walls. Oh. Which is so weird that he like, didn't even kill her before it was like almost this fun toying with her thing. But she let herself fall. She said, I realized that he would kill me like this. So I let go. It's like, which side is better? Up or down? Yeah. And he yells to her take a bath there. Couldn't come up with something better. Yeah. That's Not funny. Yeah.


She said, my head hurt terribly, but I wanted to live. So after falling about 30 feet, she, Maria lands in a sewage pipe about a foot in diameter with the stream running, running through about three feet high sew. It's like the sewage line. Ugh. And I might have gotten some of those numbers wrong because guess what? They were like in meters and shit. Oh. And I tried to like change them and I, Yeah. 'cause I was like, how do you land in a, but basically she, it's down a well and then a slightly smaller thing Down a, well, it's tight. She falls 30 feet about, it's a tight little area. Okay. And she's in like, let's, I don't know, it seemed like, it seemed like waist high rushing sewage wall rushing.


And it's trying to get her into this like pipe into this other part of the sewage system that she definitely would've drowned in. Luckily she fucking puts her arm, her hands to the side and stops herself from going down that pipe. Okay. She removes her jacket and boots real quick. Man, this girl's smart. She was able to plant her feet and hands on the side of the pipe to stop from being swept away by a shit storm. Ugh. So gross. I know, man. Like what a bad day. So she finds another, well, like she, I guess she goes through, but it sounds like she was in there for hours and eventually finds an iron ladder running up to the running up the side. She goes up What?


Say it Like someone had shot an iron ladder. Sorry. Wait, What? Like she's a sewage thing and then it's an iron ladder floats by because someone had shot it. Don't make me say it twice. It's a terrible joke. I Shouldn't been laughing. I didn't get it. No, no. Like she finds it up the wall. Got it. It's like in the wall got, she's like ladder. It's not shoots and ladders. We have to edit that part out. It's no one of, it's the worst joke I've ever said. And I had to say it too times, Steven, Don't take that note. This stays in. I've edit out some shit for you before. This is not gonna be one of them. I'll just take all the edits I've done for you and put them into one episode and post them.


Can you imagine That's actually, that's The Patreon Genius idea. Because It won't make any sense. 'cause con contextually just Random terrible edits. So, so awful things of all the stuff we've said. Me saying someone sha an unaired ladder. Okay, please continue. So she finds this ladder up the wall not from someone's bow. I know what No, I'm kidding. I love it. I love it. I love it. That's why you're a comedian. She climbs up it and she's like, well shit, this is like an 80 something pound manhole cover and she can't get it open. She's so close. And then she opens it a tiny bit and sees a woman running from it, like leaving.


And she's like, well that was my last chance. She's exhausted from crawling for hours through a, through all the gross fucking sewage. She's like, this is it. I'm dead. But it turns out the woman had heard her screams and heard the manhole cover lift a little, or saw the manhole cover lift a little bit and like fucking ran for, you know, help to lift this manhole cover. So she was taken to the hospital. She and her kids survived. Man. I bet. Like, what is that kid's life like today? Well, they could may, they may have been somehow inoculated by being in all that shit. So they're like superhuman never gets sick. Yeah. They're like marble's. Like how do we tell this, this like story of a superhero?


Well, Well, let's see, let's see. So she survives. She, okay, here's the worst part. Not some, well here's another bad part. She's reporting the incident to the police. And somehow I've heard, I've read a couple different reasons. The police were like, Nope. And like ended up making her sign something saying that she herself had accidentally fell, fell into the well, and that he had nothing to do with it. What? Yeah. Either because she didn't have the correct papers, like citizen papers or the cop was bored. It's like, so for some reason they were like, no, we're not gonna pursue this. Wow. Yeah.


So he went on to claim dozens of lives after that. Oh no. Yeah. So right now there's a criminal investigation going into the, the cop who, you know, okayed that I'm sure nothing will happen. He has two other survivors. One was a 14-year-old homeless boy who also got thrown down a well in March, 2002. He again said he tried to tell the police, but they wouldn't listen to a homeless boy. How are you 14 and homeless Russia. Oh my. Because that place is a, it's terrible. It's all like, it's either the super rich or the insanely poor. Yeah. But I, but that also happened Chickillo, when I saw that there was like a made for TV movie where Steven Ray played the cop that was investigating him.


And when they got to the, when they realized he had been murdering all these people, they were like, you won't, you won't arrest him. Like, it was as if like the Russian authorities were like, we're not admitting that we have this problem. Yeah. And I think that is a way that they dictate the cops have to do stuff. Sure. If like some woman had been, especially because she knew him. Yeah. Too. Because she could be like, it was this dude. Yeah. It's like they're saying like, we're not, that's not gonna be a problem that we're having. And from what a couple of the accounts I read, he like came over to hang out with her boyfriend after that. Like she had to see him. No. What? And he said something like, Hey, you wanna go for another walk? Like he fucking taunted her.


That's crazy. I know. But It's also weird to have a habit of pushing people down wells. Totally. That's really weird. That is weird. It's you usually, it's like, you know, they're into the murder part. Well It's weird that he went from hitting someone in the head with a hammer and in addition to that, he liked pushing people down a well. Yeah. It doesn't really make, like you should do one, then you should do one and then the other. Yeah. Pick an mo, get your style going. Yeah. And then like with the checker or checkers with the chest, like, come on man, pick one. Yeah. So the murder of Marina Mo Moscow, Yogava Melina Mosco Lova in 36, who was 36 in the spring of 2006 was his last murder.


They actually found her body with a metro ticket in it with his trademark injuries. And they found a video of him and her from the, the metro station walking together. Oh yeah. So they caught him. He was arrested June, 2006, convicted and of 49 murders and three attempted murders. And it seems like he was ho he asked to be convicted for 60 murders. Wow. Which is like fuck off Because he wanted credit for all The murders he had done. Yeah. Yeah. He got life in prison with the first 15 years to be spent in solitary confinement. So I'm sure Jesus Christ, He's gonna be 15 Years.


You can't do that. Where are we? Russia. You nutty place. 15 years in solitary confinement. That's, is there even a reason for that? Or it's just pun? It's like, we can't give you the death penalty, so we're just gonna do this instead. Yeah, I guess so. Oh yeah. Why not kill him 15 years? That's awful. Did you hear recently in California, they passed a law that juveniles can't get more than like two hours of solitary confinement, which I think is, I almost cried when I heard that. Yeah. Because it's such an obvious, it's so, it's such an obvious smart thing to do. Yeah. It makes you think what's happened that made them pass that law. Horrifying. Yeah. Fuck. Okay. So, and he and kin has said that he would have continued killing indefinitely if he hadn't been stopped.


I believe it. Yeah. Guy's a fucking weirdo. Yeah. I just wanna give fucking a shout out to Maria for being such an incredible badass For, you know what, here's the smartest thing she did. Yeah. If you're ever in water, take off anything heavy that you're wearing. Jacket, boots, clothes like that. Interesting. That's what drags you down. Really. It makes you tired when you have to tread water. Huh? It makes you super tired to like anything like that. Boots or anything pants. Take it off. Very interesting. I've never thought about that. That's very smart of her. Very, Yeah. Especially when you're in shit water. She's just like, how can you concentrate on that? Ugh. Maria Vera Chavia, which like, it, it, you don't find a lot of stuff when you Google her at all.


Right. Him. It's like the same shit over and over again. He's gross. There's photos of him. He is a creep. He's not hot like Chickillo. I like him. I like 'em with, I like 'em dented physically and emotionally dented Inside now. Okay, we're back. Here's what's crazy. Yeah. This is the first episode where I say stay outta the forest. The whole chunk of the saying that I say because of this story, you tell me that is so awful. I know. Just this one. You know, they all do in their different ways.


This one sticks in my mind just for the sheer brutality of it and the fact that there was a survivor. Like, yeah, she survived this monster. It's just incredible. And he continued to kill. Like the amount of time it took for him to finally get arrested and put in prison is just absurd and bananas. Horrible and just so hard to like listen to. Okay. And also I have some updates. Oh yeah. Specifically on Maria Veeva. In the original episode, we wondered why Maria claimed she accidentally fell into the, well, instead of that he attacked her. And now we know that the police officer who took her statement promised to tell her boyfriend that she was safe and to bring her clean clothes, but only if she agreed to say it was an accident.


Why? And that officer was later jailed for incompetence, which is fucking nice to hear. Amen. Senior investigator, Andre Berko said quote, his only motive was, I do not want to work. That's all. He did not need to search for anyone or prove anything. If only he had worked out properly, then the killer would've been detained. We would have, we would then not have seen more than half the corpses. Ugh. So just like we were talking about, it's because of this one officer's incompetence and laziness. Horrible. And then, yeah, again, also, Maria didn't have proper documents to live in Moscow. And so she feared the consequences from that.


And that's also part of why she didn't press charges or, you know, move forward and really try to take that case to the next level. But in 2006, Maria bravely testified against Chuan even facing him directly as part of the police investigation. So good for her, she finally got her justice and she gave birth to a healthy baby, but was forced to give the child up for adoption. So this poor girl, and as I said in the episode, Chuan was sentenced to life in prison with the first 15 years in solitary confinement. And as of 2017, he's been serving time in a Russian correctional facility way up beyond the Arctic Circle, known as the polar owl.


Oh, it's very Hogwarts. Yeah. But I bet it's not. Also, since this is the phrase that pays, this was merch back then. We are relaunching the original merch. So if you want a t-shirt or a very cozy hoodie that says, get a job, buy your own shit, stay outta the forest. You can do that now. It's the artwork that our friend Cat Solen made. We will, and you can go to My favorite murder dot com to get it. Okay. So let's listen to Karen's survivor story. This is the harrowing tale of Sarah Brady


Over the last 16 years. The Subaru Share the Love event has supported charities like the A-S-P-C-A Make A Wish, meals on Wheels America, and the National Park Foundation. When you buy or lease a new Subaru from now until January 2nd, Subaru and its retailers will donate a minimum of $300 to charity Support a great cause today at subaru.com/share.


Hey, it's Bill Simmons from the Bill Simmons podcast. Here to tell you about Michelob Ultra Courtside. It's getting fans closer to the NBA with a chance to win prizes like Courtside seats. A trip to Star weekend and much more. Check it out at michelob ultra.com/courtside. Michelob ultra superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents 21 and up begins on October 1st, 2024 ends July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob ultra com slash courtside for free entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Wear prohibited.


Well, mine This week is once again me retelling you an episode, my favorite episode of I Survived. I'm so excited. My favorite crime show. If you're new to this podcast, hi. Welcome. My favorite crime show show. Should I be right them Again? You can, yeah. Of all I would say is I survived because it's a beautifully produced, it's it's television well made. It's one-on-one interviews where people speak slightly off camera, purely telling their story of survival with no reenactment, no cheesy actors. Love it. No, no shots of anything. Just the story, which is 1000 times scarier and more upsetting Yes.


Than if you were cutting away to some dumb, like it, that show made me realize those cutaways in, in other, like, firsthand story shows just deaden the effect. Yeah. When a person is sitting there telling you what happened to them, it's Face to face to camera. There's No scarier, no real. I mean, that's it. Honestly, I, I don't, there's a helicopter. It's just a light invasion. Listen, We're in Hollywood Murder. What is Murder cap? I don't, I hate reenactments. They just take you out of it. They're corny. Yeah, they're not, you can, you can't reenact the actual violence of what took place and the, I mean, there's just, I don't like It.


And sometimes on some shows they're so gratuitous. There's like an extra sound effect. And the girl's always in a bra. We were like, really? So can we say the exception is a crime to remember? We Love a crime to remember. Yeah. Yeah. That, that those reenactments are perfectly done, dude. They're Gorgeous. Yeah, they're gorgeous. So, and I survived Back to my favorite show. Well, I should say one of my favorite shows, but the, it's all these stories I remember because they're so perfectly told. So this one I loved because I love the girl that tells the story. It happened to her. And her name is Sarah Brady. And this happened when she was 26 years old and nine months pregnant. We up pregnant women.


She was, yeah, that's Right. Oh my god. Weird. And my Sarah was apparently overdue, so she was like, waiting to have this baby any moment. Fuck, Can you, Ima like her. Everything is swollen, Everything's hard, hard. You're doing everything for two. So here's what happens. She's registered a babies r us and she gets a call one day from a woman who says her name is Sarah Brody. What year is this? This Is 2004. Okay. So she gets a call, a woman says, my name's Sarah Brody and I got one of your, we're both registered, I guess at Babies Are Us, because I got one of your packages. So similar names.


Yes. Shit, man. And so she's like, oh, okay. Crazy. I'll come and get it. Yeah. You you live on my way to work. Whatever. So they make this plan. She goes and she picks up the package. She goes into the woman's apartment. This woman lives in a basement apartment. She said it was a completely fine exchange. They talked a little bit about how they were both nervous to be mothers. They just talked about, you know, whatever. And we'll call her r Sarah The good. Sarah says that she just got the impression this girl was very young and she seemed kind of alone. So she had a kind of a warmth toward her. Yeah. 'cause she was like, oh, you know. Yeah. And we have kind of the same name, and they're basically seemed like they were gonna have babies right at the same time.


Aw. Yeah. So thanks. See you later. Great. Takes the package, goes home. So a couple days later, there's another phone call and it's her again going, I got another package for you. Hmm. And so when she gets off the phone, she is, I think she's having the baby with her boyfriend. They're engaged to be married. So her, her fiance or boyfriend's brother is there at their house. And she goes, that girl got another package for me. I have to go get it. And the brother goes, that's weird. I don't, I have a bad feeling about this. Don't go over that. Holy shit. Really? Yeah. And she goes, no, no, no. You don't understand. I already met her.


Saw her face to face. She's totally normal and fine. Don't, do you Think he is a murderer now? Ooh. He could Be. I don't think a normal person, like he, every situation I'm in, I'm like, is that gonna be a murdery situation? Right. He had his vibe out kind of. Yeah. Because he was like, I don't like the sound of this, basically. Yeah. Said to her, and she was like, don't be crazy. Marino, by the way, is just basically someone like us that we call that someone on Facebook coined is obsessed with murder. Yeah. Okay. Is that, was that for the first time person that you attacked earlier? I'm just trying to be nice to them at this point, because they're like, I know they don't like me. They're like, not on my side. They're not voting for my murder. We vote on this podcast, by the way. We vote At the end, right? Yeah. To see who won. Yeah. Oh God. I hope not.


So anyway, she's like, don't be crazy. Yeah. So the next day she goes back over there. Well, this time she says it's a little, the feeling is a little bit different. Just a little there, there's a little tension in there. So she's like, great, you know, here's the package. And she's like, I want you to come back here and come and look at this thing. And she's like, I really have to go. I have to, I have to pick up my son from school. I have things I have to do. And, and she, it was like, she basically kept trying to continue the conversation a little longer than Sarah felt comfortable. You know, it was all that, that kind of vibe. And she said, but she just was trying to be polite. So she wanted to leave You guys.


Never be nice. Yeah. She wanted to leave, but she's was kept airing on the side of politeness. So at one point she was like, she wanted to show her the nursery, she wanted to dah, dah, dah. And then sh But finally Sarah was like, look, I have to pick up my son from school. I have to go. And then she went into labor pains, like she said, she was having labor pains. Good Sarah, bad Sarah, Bad Sarah says she's having labor pains. Fuck. So she starts screaming like a lunatic and good. And she pulls good Sarah into the bathroom. And that is, that is when Sarah said, she looked at her face and her face was the face of a completely different person. Like it was crazy. Wild eyes, super scary.


And then all of a sudden, like a light switch, she stopped screaming and said, oh, I guess that's over. Oh. Oh My God. Our Sarah is super weirded out and is like, all right, I I, if you're okay, I have to go. And she's like, yeah, yeah, just hold on one second. I just need to go get this thing. So she goes back into the back of the apartment, bad Sarah does good. Sarah's coming out. She looks, she kind of like, looks into a room and she said there was a people magazine cover that was framed and whoever the celebrity was in the picture, she had scratched their face out. And so she was like, all of a sudden I was like, this is wrong.


This is bad news. She had framed a photo of a celebrity that she had scratched their face out. Yes. I can't remember here. Just quick side note. You can't watch I survived unless you sign up through your cable, cable subscription, like to watch it on Lifetime, because they're on lifetime now. And I tried to do it like 20 times. So I could just get the word for word of this middle part of the story. I Like it better when you tell it. Okay, good. But, well, but I just wanted to get this detail of like, 'cause I think she said it was either Sarah Jessica Parker, or like she says person, It's proud of you, Angelina, let's say Angelina. And the Angelina part of it is fucking scratched.


You can Get the details if you watched it's season two, episode 10, I, I just couldn't access it through my laptop anyhow. Yeah. She's got the bad chills. She's freaking out. So she's like, I gotta get outta here. She also then sees some paperwork with the name like a, a bill or something with the name Katie Smith on it. Awesome. So she's like, this isn't good. Oh no. So she goes and she's like, I really have to leave and don't say that. Just fucking Go. Sarah says, okay, but can, can I take, can I get a hug? And of course she wants to say no, but she feels like she has to say yes. Don't let people, Some strange Reason, don't let people touch you if you're not comfortable with it. They go, she goes in for the hug, and when they come out of the hug, bad Sarah raises up a huge kitchen knife and tries to stab her.


Our Sarah puts her hands up blocks, blocks it, and grabs the knife. No, this is, no, I just screwed the shit out of me. Me my cat. Oh. Oh, no. Has to grab the knife. No. Knocks it away. The knife goes on to the ground. Our Sarah grabs the door, runs out, runs up the stairs, is screaming and running in this apartment building, gets to the front door of the apartment building, no grabs it, tries to unlock it bad. Sarah is right behind her. Grabs her by the hair. Fuck. Drags her screaming, kicking and screaming back downstairs, back down to the basement apartment.


Oh my God. This is One, no one in the apartment building hears or comes out or does anything. Oh my God. She gets dragged back into the apartment. I don't think I can deal with this one. You, you gotta hang in here with me. Okay. Because remember the name of the show. I know. I survived. So, Okay. Sarah's the one telling us this story. She gets pulled back into the apartment. Oh, also the first, this reminds me, the first time she went there, when she walked in the front the door the first time when she was like, it was fine. No big deal. She did remember, oh yeah, she did lock the door after me when I walked in. I do that though. You do? All right. So maybe we won't hold that one against her Still. I get why That would be creepy.


I know, I, it's just weird. I do that to, for friends, not for people I don't Know. And also they live in Fort Mitchell, Kentucky. A tiny town, apparently. Okay. Okay. According to what I read. Yeah. So it's not, it, you know, it's not, It's not. And then I gave out my address. But, but so, so she pulls her back in and now they're, now she knows she's in a fight for her life. So she's like, I gotta protect my baby and I gotta stay alive. So they start wrestling and they go over the couch, they hit the coffee table, they're wrestling, wrestling, hitting each other, the whole thing. And finally, good. Sarah grabs the knife, stabs her three times.


Holy shit. Yeah, because this girl's trying to stab her to death. I thought this was gonna be a takes the baby case. Well, so Sarah staggers upstairs covered in blood. Good. Sarah, with her own good, Sarah with her own, her hands are completely slashed. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. She gets outside and like gets across the street and is like laying on the sidewalk or the, you know, the ditch or whatever. She got as far away as she could. And then she basically was out. Hmm. The cops show up and find her there. Then they go down to the basement apartment and find this girl whose real name is Katie Smith dead. Oh, so they're holding Yeah.


Sarah Brady. Sure. R Sarah. Yeah. Holding her. You just murdered this girl, this friend of yours. Yeah, they were saying, and she's like, no, no, no, no. So, and they're like, you just murdered a pregnant woman. So, well, they go in and they search her apartment. She is not really pregnant. No, it was a false belly. Of course she's never been pregnant. She's 22 years old. She's got the full nursery set up. She's got all the stuff. But then in another room, she's got all kinds of O-B-G-Y-N equipment. Oh my God. Including, sorry.


Including, oh. And they uncovered an obstetrics kit. Obstetrics kit equipped with gloves and surgical scissors in Smith's apartment. Holy shit. And they finally put it together that Katie Smith was planning on stabbing Sarah Brady and cutting her fetus out of her body. I'm So, this is how I thought it was going to end, and I wanted to cry. That's what she was intending to do. She had this girl, Katie Smith had told everyone in her family and all her neighbors that she was pregnant with twins. She was showing people a sonogram of twins. She had everybody convinced. And now she the, like, now she was at the quote unquote nine month period shit.


And she had to get a baby. And apparently this girl, this the bad, Katie was obsessed with pregnancy from her teenage years. So it, so this had been, she had been a little off or whatever, and always had a thing about wanting babies and having babies in this whole thing. So Sarah Brady, the cops bring her in and once they discover all this other stuff, they're like, oh, she was trying to kill you. And she's like, yeah, that's what I was telling you. Like, we're not friends. That I don't know that girl. Yeah. This wasn't something of two pregnant women who were pissed at each other. Yeah. This woman tried to kill me. And the, and so even though she got brought in and questioned, she was cleared of all, she was never charged with anything.


She was cleared of all suspicion. Yeah. Nine months pregnant. And she fucking beat the shit. And she fucking survived. And then they show, this is why I love her, is because first of all, when you watch this episode of I Survived, she's like, every girl you went to high school with. Really? She is. She's like, exactly how you picture her. She's just cute and young. And she tells the story. Like, then she tried to stab me. Like you, it's, She's like a normal human being. She's the, she's, it's just like, you know her. Yeah. I totally feel like I've met her before. Yeah. And then they show a picture of her with her little daughter, the baby that she has, who's completely happy and healthy. And her whole thing is like, this had to happen. I, I now know what I'm made of.


I am like, this is what motherhood does. This is the power of women. Aw. That there was no way I was gonna let her hurt my child. Aw. And it is the mo you just adore her at the end of this episode, I, and she, and she says like, I wish that that girl wasn't so sick, but I did what I had to do. And I, you know, got therapy or whatever. But I, this is what I had to do. I wouldn't have done it if she, you know, hadn't attacked me. I just got butterflies in my womb for like, the first time in like, years. Yeah. That's the power of motherhood. That's the power of my storytelling. On your motherhood. That Karen, can I say that was a fucking great storytelling. Did you like that one? Like you you put That was a good one.


That was one of the best storytellings that we've had of my life. No, now you've done better than that. I, I can't recommend I survived enough because I'm Watch now. Our stories become your story. Yeah. No, no, no. I'm watching it now. I've told that one a bunch of times. That Is crazy. It's my favorite. It's my favorite. She was also on Oprah. This girl? No. Yeah. Good for her. What can, oh my God. Tell me about, is it the brother-in-law? I wanna know. He just got to the cop station. I was like, told you so I fucking Told you Sarah. What did I say? He just screaming that into her face. You fucking idiot. She's crying with her hands. All bandage. What, How bad would he have felt if she had actually gotten killed or whatever.


And he was like, oh my God. I told her. So, but Also, like, that's the, the thing is he said, I have a bad feeling. Just let us go over there with you. And she was like, no, no, no. That's another thing is like, if somebody else just says, well, I'll just go with you. Yeah. What's the harm? That's the big deal. Let them Go with you. Let's not, let's all make a pact, everyone listening to not go in pe anyone's house that we don't No. Ever. Even if it seems innocent. Really? Like a party or something. Well, well you, you're, what you're saying is always take a buddy. Always take a buddy Don. Always take a buddy. Like, don't be like, oh, come over and like, come in. I have a, you know, let me grab the letter that I was gonna Right. No, no one has a letter for you. No, that's a lie. Say You have allergies.


Just say, oh, I'm sorry. I, I I'm really sick. You can throw out any kind of period reference. People will let you get out of anything. Like the, the 17 hundreds, the 18, any period at all. Oh my God. I'm so sorry. Fast. No, I, I love a good pun. My mom used to do a thing where she like, you can blame it on me if you don't wanna do like this thing, just say your mom won't let you. Yeah. Your Karen and Georgia right now are telling you, you can blame it on mom or your mom. Blame on Us. Yeah. Say my friend Karen will get really mad. Yeah. And it's probably true. Yeah. Because I have a serious temper. I'm sorry if I come to that thing with you, my friend Karen, and just point over your, over your shoulder with your thumb.


Like I'm nearby. Like A vague point. Yeah, yeah. Like a vague reference to You. Oh, sorry. My friend Karen won't let me. Yeah. Karen's in the car. Yeah. But you could just be listening to the podcast. Karen's in the car. That's right. We're always with you. And we're always mad about something. Oh, that was so good. Tell me her name again. Sarah Brady. Sarah Brady. Bad badass from Williams, Kentucky. Don't fuck with Sarah Brady. Don't fuck with any, any of her type. No. Yeah. No, it's good stuff, Sarah. I mean, you gotta watch that episode because the way she tells the story of fighting this girl off is nuts. She looks like, she looks like the girl that would sit next to you in homeroom telling a story about fighting off a knife attack.


Jesus. And it's always like, you think of yourself as like, I, I have black hair and I would kick this person's ass. And then it's like, Nope. It's the little fucking tiny cute one. It's always the little tiny cute one. It's Those, it's the ones you don't expect. Yeah. Well also imagine like a huge kitchen knife. Somebody even jokingly raising it up above your head. No. You'd just be like, what is happening? Yeah. I certainly wouldn't catch it with my hands. Ha. Yeah. Really? I have a harder time with that then. It's so awful. That is, there's lots of those stories. Oh my. I like, I really have an issue. Yeah. I really can't. It's Gross. Even defensive wounds, man. Horrible.


That was, do you wanna hear? I am A hometown. A hometown? Yes. I got one. Cute. All right. You know, so some, I'm not gonna say this 'cause some people are gonna send it to me. There's a different email address. Some people send it to me and then I know you haven't read it. So sometimes I'll read it, but I don't want people sending it to my email because, 'cause it's a lot. Yeah. Because I have anxiety and stress. Okay. There's plenty of ways to get ahold of us. Like at My favorite murder at gmail.com. Oh yeah. We should say that. My favorite murder at Gmail. Yeah. Send your hometown murders there. Totally. So many good ones. All right, so this is from Paula. I was 10 years old and it was 1990. Hey, we're the same age. Hey. How my brother was graduating from Hickman County High School that year.


Hickman County is a rural Tennessee town where maybe someone shoots up the trailer park because someone cheats. And then it says in parentheses, Maybe it was my cousin's husband, What's her name Again? Paula. Paula. But in the spring of 1990, the high school was still conducting a type of pre-graduation, graduation religious ceremony called Baccalaureate. Baccalaureate. Do you know what that is? We Had that too. Yeah. Oh yeah. I barely graduated high school. No, that's a Catholic thing. Okay. It was supposed to be held on Sunday afternoon after church with the graduates. Usually around 150 kids. And their immediate families in attendance, while all of us were at church that morning, the school science teacher was turning the school into one giant bomb that would've went off during the ceremony.


The school assistant principal, Mr. Ron motherfucking Wallace, that's the motherfucking is for me. 'cause Mr. Ron Wallace had a daughter that was graduating. So he came in early to make sure everything would run smoothly. He apparently startled the science teacher. Donald Gibbons was his name. Donald shot and killed him. And since everything wasn't ready yet, parentheses, he had slowly, he had it set slowly gas so that it would be an explosive be on an explosive level during the ceremony. Holy shit. That's some fucking Walter White shit. Yeah. He panicked and just set things on fire. So Mr. Wallace being murdered saved hundreds of lives.


Oh, the FBI did say that everything was act was actually set up correctly and it would've blown if his plan had been carried out myself and the, and my entire family would've been casualties. It's such a weird event for me to reflect almost 30 years later. Oh God. Is it 35? Wow. When I think of everything in my life since then. It was a national headline at the time though. Being, although being when it was, it's hard now to find good info on what, why exactly He did it. Mostly just town gossipy reasons at this point. I'm, I bet he hated those kids. Oh my God. Yeah. So much. He Was, what is he the science teacher? Yeah. Is that what we said? Those little shits.


That's insane. How crazy is that? I feel like I've never heard a story of a teacher that tried to kill everybody at once. No, he was Pissed. That's amazing. And that's actually 150 kids. That's a lot of kids. Yeah. It's not a small school. It's not like 50 kids or whatever. Yeah. Fuck. Paula. Paula. That was good. Paula. That was incredible. That was a near miss. And guess what? That's another survivor story. Oh my God. Kind of accidentally. But I Didn't even do that on purpose. Look at Us. Look at us. At us. We're gonna podcasting. And also, look who came in the room. He's ready For his closeup. Elvis knows when we're wrapping up. Yeah. And walks in and sits on the couch waiting for his part. He starts salivating when he hears this.


Get sad and be like, how do we wrap this up? This Mr. Depress? He's like, oh, this is, it's time for my, every Time he hears the tone go down, he is like, ah. Yes. Oh yeah. You know what that Means? Every time I stop going, oh my god. At your stories. Can I say, You say It This year. This year. Where are we? All year long. Okay. But first we have to first. Oh. Oh yeah. Wait. Oh, thanks for listening. My favorite murder on Twitter. You know, do, do things. Do Rate, review, subscribe, iTunes. Fuck. Yeah. The usual stuff. Here we go. I think we're number seven on the comedy list. Again. We're back crazy. Open them every chat. That's really nice. That's so cool. Thanks everybody. Thank you guys. Love you. Tell a friend about it. And also, or your Uber driver also stay sexy and don't get murdered.


Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Cookie? You gotta say cookie. Cookie. Oh, he's confused. Elvis. What? Cookie Elvis. Don't make this part of the el the edited version of our podcast. We can't, won't make our contact with Oh. Because he's cross-eyed and he can't Elvis. Do you want a cookie? God you want a cookie? Good boy. Don't get murdered you guys. Bye bye. Okay, we're back. Like that story had me on the edge of my seat.


Like unfucking believable. I mean, I've talked about this a bunch, but at this time when we were doing this podcast, I had at least one writing job, if not two. Yeah. So the idea that then I had a third writing job of writing these stories, which of course I don't think either of us understood the level of homework we were signing up for. No. So oftentimes my, basically my Cliff's Notes cheat. What I would just would be that I would just retell an episode of I Survived. Yeah. That I remembered and loved because I had to do something. And it was like it. It was the craziest position to be in. But I just wanna give it up one more time for the television show.


I survived. I believe it's produced out of New Zealand originally. If you have not seen it and you like True crime and you care about survivor stories, it is an absolute must watch. It's so incredible. People telling their own story. It's like it's ideal. And in this one, Sarah Brady telling this story about what happened to her, it's just my version of it is just the boiled over warmed over version. You have to watch Sarah Brady tell her own story. It's mind boggling. Absolutely. There are a couple updates. It eventually came to light that Katie Smith, who was the woman who attempted to murder Sarah Brady, had faked three other pregnancies in the past.


She would go find personal information about pregnant women through their online baby registries. Wow. And after Sarah's attack, babies R Us changed its policy to protect access to personal information, which is great that they did that. And then in this episode, I couldn't remember which celebrity face had been scratched out of the framed magazine cover, which is one of the chilling details as Sarah Brady is walking through this apartment. Oh my God. And can you imagine Seeing this creepy stuff? Ugh. It was the four stars of Sex in the city whose faces had been scratched out, framed, and on a set of drawers. No. And one of their names, of course was Sarah.


Right. So yeah. What a story. I mean, God, It's a wild one. Yeah. It's so crazy. This is also the first time I think we talk about the word Marino. Oh, that's Right. Yeah. Yeah. So we had gotten that from a Facebook, someone in the Facebook group coined the phrase Marino for somehow. And it just, I kind of stuck a little bit, you know? I mean it was such a good idea. Yeah. It was a male Marino who did it, which I think is really stands out. 'cause there's not that many. There's small but mighty group. And not that it matters, but that's just how I remember. I, I think I remember saying Kevin, but it could be wrong, but whoever did it, it was a word that he got from one of the Simpson's Halloween episodes.


Right. And it just stuck like immediately as if it had always been everybody's name. It's so good. And now people have it fucking tattooed on them. So like good job. Maybe Kevin, You fucking, and also if you are maybe Kevin and you remember all this, will you write into the Gmail so we can actually give you the props you deserve? 'cause we've tried to give it to you, but it's like the Facebook page Kevin. Yeah. Is gone. Had to be removed, gone. You know. So we would love to give you the props you deserve if you're out there. Yeah. And if you have a Marino tattoo, fucking tag us in that shit and we will High five. You send A little picture. Yeah. For the picture website.


So again, this rewind merch pre-order, we'll close at midnight on Tuesday, December 17th. And you can go to exactly right store.com and pre-order that limited edition, zip hoodie or T-shirt. Yeah. Pretty good design. Yeah.


Okay. So this episode, if we were naming it today, there's other options for us. We could call it get with the program, because that's what Georgia said before, explaining to new listeners what S-S-D-G-M means and who Elvis is. Oh my God. Yeah. Get with the program. Everybody's a skipper. Of course. You know. High five. We love a skipper. There's you go girl. Nerdy. And then of course, I think everyone knows the name would be Stay Outta the Forest. That's right. I mean, how could you deny it at the end of this? Yeah. All right. Thank you guys so much for listening to another episode of Rewind. Do you like these? Let us know and comment land and we'll keep doing them.


And stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.