
This Is exactly right.


Ryan Reynolds here for, I guess, my hundredth mint commercial. No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't, no, no, no. I mean, honestly, when I started this, I thought I only had to do like four of these. I mean, it's unlimited to premium wireless for $15 a month. How are there still people paying two or three times that much? I'm sorry, I shouldn't be victim blaming here. Give it a try at mid mobile.com/save. Whenever you're ready. $45 upfront payment, equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes. C details.


This episode is brought to you by Netflix from the co-director of Shrek, and the visionary Behind Toy Story comes spellbound, a magical new animated adventure starring Rachel Ziegler, John Lithgo, Jennifer Lewis, Nathan Lane, and Titus Burgess with Javier Barde and Nicole Kidman. When a powerful spell turns her parents into monsters, princess Elian must journey into the wild to reverse the curse before it's too late. Watch Spellbound. Only on Netflix, November 22nd.


Hello, And, Welcome, To Rewind with Karen and Georgia. This is our newest Wednesday episode where we go back and listen to the beginning of this show and we chat about everything that we said then and how it's different now and what we're doing and why. All Of it. It makes us sweaty, but we're doing it for you guys. It's not pleasant. It's, I kinda love it. I don't hate it. I I love it. It's hard. It's important. I'm glad we're doing it. It's, you know what it is, it's like if somebody recorded you, if you chose to record yourself on a phone call, a long phone call where you said a lot of stuff that you really felt and meant.


Yeah. And then someone released that on the internet and people were like, actually, you were wrong to think this or feel this. That's an approximation of what it's like to Look back. Right. The older I get, the more I realize that young people's thoughts and emotions and feelings are so much stronger and more like adamant than they are when you're older. And usually they're wrong too. Yeah. So that's what we're doing today. And we're not that young. No. I mean, we were, I was 36. Yeah. I think I just turned 36 in this fucking episode. Sure. Oh my God. Today we're revisiting episode 20 from Thursday, June 9th. The day after my birthday. 2016, we called it 2020. 2020.


That's easy. Classic. Classic. That was an easy one. So now it's time to get in the spirit of giving. Grab a friend, listen along. It's time to all become day one listeners. All right. Let's listen to the intro of episode 20. Test, test, test, test. Podcast. PO podcast. POS podcast. Three times fast. Podcast. Podcast. Podcast. There you go. Hi, this is My favorite murder. Let's scared the shit out. What? Me talking. Hi, This is, This is My favorite murder Stirring Georgia Stark. Karen Kilgar, AKA Khar Khar.


One of the lamest things we've done so far. Give ourselves a nickname. Did You see someone in the Facebook group NA, a photo of the die hard poster and put your face on one guy and my face on another guy And just put Kill. I did see that. I did see that. It's turning into like a ego, naval gazing, kind of like, did you see the picture where we, the thing we talked about about ourselves got made into a thing about ourselves. I know, but people like it. They like to play along with us. We Wouldn't talk about it if they weren't doing it. It's fun times. And there's, and it's just, there's just thousands of them. It's the best We're fueled by their, is it, is it projected narcissism onto us?


No, that's our narcissism. Okay. Let's talk about how last week we talked about judges And their misogyny built in misogyny and sexism. Right. That, that, I think at one point I actually said, it's not happening as much these days. Right. And I think we conjured speaking of narcissism. Yeah. I think we conjured, I think we're the center of the universe. I think We're the center of the universe about this new fucking huge controversial thing about this Dick Lick Brock Turner who like co he got, he, he got convicted of three counts of sexual aggravated sexual assault. I'm not even gonna say like, clearly he was guilty. He got, he was, He is guilty.


He is guilty. He was unanimously voted guilty by a jury, the jury of his peers. Right. And yet, And yet the old judge said, Hey, let's not fuck up his great swimming career. Right. And, and said, six months in county. And then his dad had the nerve to say like, well, it was 20 minutes of his life. Is he gonna get, You know what his dad said? So Well, the brilliant thing, and everyone's seen this, like we're basically recapping what's been happening on social media, but the victim of this stood up in court. Ugh. And read this letter to him that is one of not, not just moving and amazing as a first person account at the clarity in it. Yeah. And the, I'll let you know what this, what's actually happening and not, we are not just gonna hear from these lawyers.


I'll fucking tell you myself. Right. And it's not just like how much you hurt me. It's like, here are the repercussions of your actions and decisions Whether or not you admit to them. Right. We all know you did because there's the proof you can pretend you didn't do it like a fucking psycho all you want. Yeah. It's a, it's foregone Conclusion. Well, he's pretending he didn't do it. He's saying that it wasn't what, what people thought it was. Right. And he probably believes that. Well, he needs to believe it because when the wall, when the wall finally comes down that he's like, I'm a rapist. Yeah. Well, then what happens then? Yeah. And I'm sure everything in his life has been built around. You get whatever you want. Little baby Brock. Yeah. And then I, you know, some of his friends, there's a band called, what's it called? Good English. Ooh.


Let's not even talk about it. Well, the thing is, like, I, I just don't see a time in my life where I would defend a friend of mine, and I'm thinking of multiple friends who are good people would say no, he, it wasn't rape. Right. I wouldn't ever say that. I would say, Especially as a woman. Yeah. And that girl is a, the girl in the band is a woman. I would say, I'm really surprised we would've never thought that this guy was capable of that. But I would never say that it's not true. And it's, and she's full of shit. Especially after a jury unanimously voted him guilty of rape. You can see, you can see the evidence. So we were just gonna look it up to talk about it. And I found this, this article in the Cut that the judge, this piece of shit, judge Aaron Persky, Persky Persky, who's like, thankfully getting a lot of shit, and we'll probably be disbarred.


There's an article published, Tracy Kaplan writes that this isn't the first controversial sexual assault case the judge has presided over. So here's the fucking story. In 2007, a 17-year-old girl alleged that she was gang raped by at least nine members of the Deza College basketball team at a house party. While she was severely intoxicated, three soccer players discovered the rape in progress, broke it up, thank fucking God for some people. And they, they said they discovered her unconscious and covered in vomit and call and called it clearly non-con, consensual district attorney Dolores Carr ultimately decided not to move forward with the case, which was met with criticism the ca in 2011.


The case was brought to civil trial, and the victim sued for 7.5 million in damages. The judge Persky presided, he ruled before lunch that NOF can show the jury seven photos of the women whom the court is calling Jane Doe partying about a year or so after the alleged gang rape the show. She was partying afterwards and they could show photos. And the photos. She is scantily clad. She's scantily clad. I'm sorry. So what? Yeah. So what They said that the, the, the photos are a direct contradiction quote of the plaintiff claims that she is socially isolated and socially reticent. But I, but that doesn't, and especially, not especially, but photos, post posts rape.


Right. She's fucking, it doesn't matter what she does. She could Be, she could be spiraling out of control. Yeah. She could be doing anything. Who the fuck know? Or she could be A slut. It doesn't fucking matter. It doesn't matter. And and here, here's the other thing. What, 'cause we were talking about this at work today, the bottom line is this, you know, in your gut, you know what feels right and you know what feels wrong. And if you are so narcissistic and selfish that you're gonna take what you want no matter either, either you don't have any feeling toward how you affect other people, or you don't care Yeah. Then you, but ultimately that's your truth that you have to live in and sit in. Yeah. And if you say have to be on drugs or drunk so that you have to ignore those, whatever.


But at the, at the end of the day, you cannot parse out and argue things like this when, when what we're talking about is basic human decency. And I know that for a lot of people, I think there's a lot of gray area with rape that people get, that people have a hard time dealing with. But the, so even if this chick had ever fucked any of these nine girl, nine guys, it's, they still, it's still rape if she's intoxicated and can't give consent. Like it's such a, it's, it's to that extreme that even if she fucked these guys Well yeah. Because she, if she had fucked them, that would've been her choice. Right. That's what the, in that letter, one of my favorite parts of the, of Brock Turner's victim, she said, how can I be promiscuous if I did not choose to do it right.


If I wasn't even awake? How is that promiscuous? Yeah. That's, I'm unconscious. Yeah. And that's the pro, that's the part that people wanna argue. They want, they wanna deflect away from the truth of the actual action, which is you took a person who was not there and fucked their body. Right. That's disgusting. Right. You have a problem. That girl doesn't have a problem except for the fact that you decided to do that to her. I mean, It's just so ins like I think about people I've dated and been with, and that, that none of them would wanna a fuck an unconscious body. No. That means there's something wrong with you. There's, That's Predatory. It's so sympathic bizarre. And I don't how drunk you, I, I get drunk and I, I do stupid things, but they're not outta character.


You know what I mean? Yeah. Well, no, a lot, a lot of people do. There's a whole aspect to this that I think they can't talk about, which is the way she tells that story. She is blackout. She, she goes from dancing and feeling kind of drunk to being, to waking up behind a dumpster. I think there's a roofie element that they can't talk about. Right. That's a theory that I have That maybe the, the the, the defendant kind of got that thrown out or something. Well, that they couldn't prove it or it had already gone through her body so that they can't include it. That would be prejudicial. Right. So they can't, and she's probably not even gonna go there. 'cause it's like, at the end of the day, it's doesn't matter matter. Because even if I drink 11 beers in a row, that doesn't mean I want you to rape me.


Totally. Don't be a fucking lunatic. And it's not, and, and also you, the, if the woman is saying that that is her truth, it's not up to you. Yeah. It's not your final choice. Totally. Or random guy. Totally. Or, or rapist guy. Or to defend that. That's not her truth anymore. You can't, you don't do that. Don't You just fuck off. I know. Not you, Georgia. Not you. It makes me so mad. I Know. Because It's just so, it's, it's when people try to parse out things like this of like, if she's half responsible, if she was drunk. Right. Fuck you. Yeah. These are, I mean, there was a girl that did an amazing tweet today that said, these people who are trying to blame this victim's rape on her drunkenness are the same ones that threw temper tantrums when you two's album was downloaded without their consent on their computer.


It's the same. It's that thing of like, how dare you? Yeah. If this happened to you, you would never be saying anything. I saw a meme that said, well, she was drunk. What did you expect? What did she expect? And the answer was a fucking hangover. Yeah. You didn't expect to get raped. You expected a hangover. Yeah. The, the idea that that's, that should be part of the equation and too bad for you. Yeah. Is insanity. That's why they, that's why we talk about rape And the people Who, like, that fucking judge was a lacrosse player at a Totally, he was a lacrosse player at Stanford. Whatcha gonna Do with swimming? How on earth do you think s why? What did sh what about this girl? Well, this, that's just like, that's boys club bullshit.


That's that's What that is. Swimming. It's gonna ruin. It's like saying someone's life is more important than another. Totally. I mean, this goes back to everything we talk about. So it's just, it's another frustration. But, but here's what I will say, I really do love. If you get down into the, if you read a comment section, you're always gonna be disappointed in humanity. But Ashley Bamfield, I think her name is the CNN anchor read. She had a whole show. Did you see that? Right? No, but she read the letter. Oh my God. On her show. It took 40 minutes and people were tweeting about it the whole time. And it was all these people that were like journalists. It's all these, you know, those blue dot people on Twitter that were like, this is incredible. This is unbelievable television journalism. There were people that worked on the show that were saying, it is uncomfortably silent in this studio right now.


Everyone was just like, because that letter, that's the other thing I was gonna say, not only is it, is it an amazing clear, well spoken like here's actually my side, if you wanna hear it. It's brilliantly written. It's incredibly written. And I love the fact that she was like, the, there needs, it's not just something you read and you need to see the emotional, the the person reading it, the face. And even if it's not the real one of what happened, you know, hearing the inflections and, and hearing a woman read that I think is really important too. Yeah, For sure. Yeah. So I, I think that at the end of the day when it, when everything kind of like the dust settles, it's gonna be an incredibly important, a piece of action that a woman took for herself.


I agree that that is, that's precedent setting. It's amazing. Well, It's, I mean, we were also talking last week about victim statement, victim impact statements, including the family, you know, finally being able to read their impact statement to their, the murder of their child and, and how, and, and forgiving them and how insane that must feel. Did you see that someone's dad jumped across the table and attack and during his victim statement to the serial killer and fucking attacked him and had to be like, restrained And at the grim Sleeper? No, some other dude, dude, yeah. Doesn't surprise me. I mean, good for him. I hope the cops like, waited a beat before they grabbed him. Is that terrible? That's, I mean, how do you control, you know?


No, it's, it is, yeah. Yep. All of the above. Heavy, Heavy, this duty. Heavy duty. Heavy duty. But still, I don't know. I like it. I like it. You guys be, be witnesses. You know, and also, you know what? Watch your fucking drink if you're gonna drink, you have to have one friend who's a little bit smarter and more down to earth than you. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I'm speaking as a 20-year-old Karen Kilgar, who was never paid attention to anything. But also keep your hand over your drink d drink outta bottles. Don't make it easy for people. I mean, like, yeah. It's never your fault.


It's never, but at the same time, just be, please be careful. It's a lot. It's a fucking ton. This Is a lot. This is a heavy one. This is. And also we're telling people what to do, who are probably all our age. We're like, they're like at home looking at their baby. Like, you guys move it along. We got this part covered. Move It along to the murder part. That's what they're hoping for. Yeah. We hear you. We get it. We're back. I do think it's interesting with, I wish I could go back and tell Karen and Georgia in 2016 that Chanel Miller really wins this fight, in my opinion.


Yeah. Writes a beautiful book, gets to speak for herself, really galvanizes a lot of young women who know how she feels and have been through what she's been through, or similar or can relate in some way. Just I think that separate from the rest of the nastiness is like, that's a person who really took that situation and like made it her own. Yeah. Yeah. I think it really motivated people to think in a different way and maybe awaken people's understanding of, you know, what happens in these cases.


And, you know, opened some people up to an empathy they didn't have, or an understanding they didn't have before. Right. Like the, just knowing that, that a judge would be that concerned Yeah. For the perpetrator of this horrible rape. Right. It just like, and that, that judge had a, a history of doing that. Yeah. That, that was, and these kinds of things where it's like you have to talk about it and you have to make noise about it so that it can change. Yeah. And now of course in 2024, it's like, it seems preposterous and horrifying and, you know, people are so good at being kind of like telling these stories and trying to make change.


I think the change the course of a lot of people's lives and a lot of the way people think Yeah. And understand sexual assault and rape. And that is just an incredible feat. Yeah. There's that. Yeah. All right. Well let's get into Karen's story where she tells us just a classic horrible one. The one and only Night stalker.


Blind stock com is kicking off the savings early with Black Friday mega deals all month long. A blinds.com design expert can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. We can even handle everything from measure to your whole home installed for just one low cost. With over 25 million windows covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings. Get up to 45% off site wide and a free professional measure right now at blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply.


How about some fresh out of the oven gingerbread, bright snowdrop, fresh Iowa pine and cool peppermint to put you in the holiday cleaning spirit made with goodness. Not a lot of nonsense. Mrs. Myers. See what good can grow. Visit mrs myers.com today.


Are you first or am I First? I think I'm first This week. All right. So Karen, well today Hi Georgia. Hi. It's the part for the murder skippers. This, today is June 6th Seventh. Today is June 7th. I Said my birthday tomorrow. Oh girl. It's George's birthday tomorrow. Everybody, you know, tell her happy birthday on Facebook. Thank you. You know, I started cross stitching you as a, a belated birthday present. 'cause I fuck you. Was your birthday while we were recording? And I didn't even know it Was my secret. You're Such a dick. I started stitching you cross stitching you at stay sexy. Don't get murdered. But I realized halfway through, I got stay sexy. And I realized I'm a terrible cross Stitcher And looks I now I want it even more.


It Looks like shit. And I showed it to Vince and I'm like, does this look terrible? 'cause you know, you're, you can be really self-critical. And he's like, I just think you need a little more prac. Like, he very sweetly said, that looks terrible. I want it so bad. I'll show it to you. It looks insane. Put it on a pillow. Okay. I I stitched it while I watched a murder show. Oh, now I have to have it. It's like a child's Christmas art project. It's Literally like a child's art project. Love it. So, because it's June 7th. Yeah. It's a special holiday. Three years ago on this day, the Night Stalker Richard Ramirez died in prison. Oh shit. Was it only three years ago?


2013? God, It seems like. Yeah, June 7th, 2013. Okay. Which is three years ago. Right? Wow. Yeah, the math is right. He died, his liver basically shut down. He had a couple bad things going on. He had like blood cancer and something else, but before he died he turned bright green. They said like a highlighter pen. Oh my God. Like he looked crazy. What is that? Your liver just can't find. Can't find it's your liver. Because he was a crazy drug addict. He was like, he was bad, bad drug. So yeah, he was basically just shut, kind of shutting down altogether. So I saw that in, there was an article about that in the news somewhere. So I was like, you know what, that's the one. My friend Adrian, when we very first started this, I told the story about it and she was like, gotta be night stalker.


So I was like, it's finally time to tell the story of Richard Ramirez, the Night Stalker. Give it to me not to be confused with the original night stalker eons, the East Area rapist slash the Golden State Killer. Yeah. Who could still be out there? This is Richard Ramirez, who in the, basically in the summer, or nah, I guess like early spring of 1985, started a insanity berserker killing and molesting and raping spree that started in Southern California and went up to San, the San Francisco barrier. Came on back down and then ends in my, it's my favorite ending to one of these stories.


It's the best. And I remember seeing it on the news when they caught him. It was the people of Boyle Heights rose up girl. Oh shit. Yeah. So I'll, I'll just try to do this. Encapsulate So. he was born in 1960 in El Paso, Texas. The youngest of seven children in the, basically the barrio is what? I don't, is that a politically correct way to say it? I would if if yes, it's a bad part of town in El Paso. Yeah. His parents were, his, his father was railway worker, but he was illegal. So I, he probably didn't make great money.


And so he also early on got hit in the head with a swing man and got knocked out for a while. I think they said like an hour. If your kid gets hit in the head, send him back. And then there was an, a thing I was looking at, and it was like Ted Bundy, the Green River Killer, Richard Ramirez, John Wayne Gacy, Fred West, who's that British lunatic who like killed, raped all those girls, killed his own children, get all had to head injuries as children, dude. So, you know, keep your eye out. You know who else did who? Karen Kilgar. Shut up.


What happened? My mom tripped over my high chair when I was like six months old. I had stitches in the front of my head smash. And then later on, I don't think this is a, this was my own private pain, but during swimming lessons, I tried to do a front forward somersault jump off the side of the pool and just smacked my head. Holy shit. Super hard. And I just, nobody saw it. And so I just held the side of the pool and kind of like quietly cried to myself. Yeah. Until I felt better and then kept on swimming. Oh my God. Because swimming above all right. When you were a kid. Totally. You probably had a concussion. You probably did. Holy shit. I probably did. And remember how we Couldn't remember our concussions one episode.


There was one of 'em. There it is. Okay, so here's the bad part. Ricky being the youngest was kind of like, he was basically a juvenile delinquent, robbed a bunch of shit. Did stuff got sent to juvie. And his older cousin. Cousin, oh, his old older cousin Mike came back from Vietnam and he had been a Green Beret in Vietnam. And it's as bad as you think. Mike Ricky hung around with Mike. And Mike was like, here's all the shit I did to women in Vietnam. Oh no. Here's what we did to the enemy. Here's this, here's that. Filling his head with all this terrible shit.


Showed him pictures, no mutilations and torture. Horrible like Polaroid pictures. And, and Mike was married and the two of them would hang out. Ricky and Mike would hang out and smoke pot, talk about Satan worship. And Mike's wife finally was like, I don't want you hanging out with him anymore and you guys just sit around or whatever. Well, Mike went ahead and shot and killed his wife in front of Richard Ramirez. How old was Richard at this Point? He was a teenager. I believe he was 15. I don't, holy, Holy shit. I Have the exact age written down. He was a teenager.


They say that the trauma from that is basically fueled much of his, the rest of his life. And I'm sure by that time he was so desensitized to murder and torture and that even like without that happening, I feel like he Would've Yeah. Been fucked. He was, yeah. He was definitely already kind of a sad case. Yeah. And then that was like, imagine that level of trauma. That's insane. Just seeing someone shot insane. They, they said that he had blood on him. Holy shit. That's how close he was. So bad news. He was also ins inspired by the Hillside Stranglers. It's weird To feel sympathy for him, you know what I mean? Like well, 'cause 'cause yeah, because if you don't hit your head and you don't have a fucked up cousin named Mike did, could Richard Ramirez have just been a guy that then went on to live in El Paso and work at a mattress store?


Totally. Did he? Because I don't know, stuff like that is like, after a while if you become, I mean obviously we've talked about this a ton. It's a, it's a mental disorder. You can't just can people, it's a psychopathy or whatever. But it, it's sad to think that he had to start his life like that. Yeah. It's, it's awful right now, last podcast, Soma Left is doing a Hillside Strangler series and it's awesome. I love it. And the, the lead detective on the Hillside strangler. So, so Richard Ramirez loved hearing about the Hillside Stranglers. He ended up moving to LA after that happened and like kind of bumming around there. So when the Hillside Stranglers cases, he had heard about them.


I don't know if he was living in LA while it was happening or whatever, but he was very inspired and he really liked that story. He got really fascinated by it. And it turned out that Fra, a detective named Frank Saleno was the lead detective on the Hillside Strangler case. And then he also was the lead detective on the night stalker case. And Frank Saleno said that the experience he had going through the hillside strangle and all the mistakes that he made and they all made, and that he learned from is the reason that they were able to catch the night stalker. Whoa. It quick, as quickly as they did it, that it didn't go on for years and years and years. Yeah. 'cause he learned so much from being on that other huge high profile case. Yeah.


So anyway, it basically starts February 25th, 1985, a 6-year-old Montebello girl taken from a bus bench near school while waiting for her older sister. She was carried away in a zippered garment bag. What? Sexually assaulted and dropped off in Silver Lake. What? So this is one of his earliest crimes. Holy shit. Then a month later, March 11th, a 9-year-old Monterey Park boy is kidnapped from his home at night, sexually assaulted, left in a legion park near Silver Lake. Well, we're like five minutes from those places. That's right. And this is the nightmare sauce of someone comes into your house and takes a child.


Totally. It's beyond fucked up. Can we Comment on how weird it is that it, that he's doesn't discriminate sex with sex. Right. Of People. And I mean that's a, that's a one of the things is they had a very hard time establishing an mo with him because it was all ages. All sexes. Yeah. All races. Like there was no pattern. There Was no connection. So maybe they didn't put it all together as one person. Right, exactly. Okay. March 17th, Dale Zaki 34 is killed. And her roommate Maria Hernandez, is wounded in an attack in their rosemay condominium. And two miles from that apartment SA Leon Yu 30 of Monterey Park is pulled from her car near her home and shot she dies the next day.


Jesus. I mean, you think that like in your car, you're good. Yeah. No, well lock your goddamn door. Lock your fucking door To quit showing off. Sorry. It's victim blaming March 20th. And the Eagle Rock girl is kidnapped and sexually molested by a man who breaks into her family's home at night again. So this is, he's getting that taste for, you know, he puts on all black and he goes fucking sneaking around. And what they say is a lot of these, I mean this was 1985, such an innocent time. People left their doors ajar at night. It was, it was, yeah. Bad news. Holy shit. So. he shit So. he was basically going around trying doors. Jesus. March 27th, Vincent Zara 64 is a retired investment counselor.


And he's beaten to death. And his wife Maxine, who is 44, is stabbed to death by an attacker who enters their wrench style Whittier home through an open door. Oh shit. God dammit. I always try to scroll on my computer by touching the thing and it zips me back up to the top. Okay, well edit that part out. And we're back in open door. Their bodies are found by a business acquaintance. I actually, I got two different stories on this. I got a business acquaintance, this is an LA Times article, but actually there's another article that I read that their son found them. No, I wonder what their relationship was like. He was 20 years older than her. He was 20 years older.


I bet he had money if they lived in Whittier. Whittier is like real pristine Tony. It's a bunch of white Christians. Yeah. Kinda living out in the valley. That's where Nixon went to college. They Were a fun couple. I bet They were fun. I bet they were fun times. Yeah. But here's the gross part that we'll have to uncomfortably transition into. He mutilated her body. She had a T shape carved into her breast and ready? No, This one's bad. No, he goed out her eyes and took 'em with him. No. Boobies and eyes, I mean problems. What we're, what we're saying is problems. Leave The boobies in the eyes alone. Please. Please. No matter what the devil tells you to do. I Mean, he's he's joking.


He was like being facetious and you took it seriously. Fucking idiot. The devil's joking. You mean, Is that what You're saying? Remember that the devil has a very r sense of humor and so sometimes he is just being sarcastic. He's basically George Burns just Okay, sorry, Go on. Oh, the autopsy revealed that those mutilations were postmortem. Oh good. That's the good news. Thank God I should have, I should have I buried the lead on that one. I figured. 'cause I just couldn't handle it. Yeah, it's It's too much. He, this was a house where he left footprints in the flower beds and the police photographed them and made a cast. And that was the only evidence that they had at the time.


And they found bullets at the scene matched those to previous attacks. And that's when the police started putting together, they have a serial killer that there's someone go that's, you know, going around doing some shit. Wow. Yeah. This one says that Vincent and Maxine's bodies were discovered in their Whittier home by their son Peter. I hate that because like what I, the thing that I was reading seemed very reliable. And then I was starting to get the more you read, 'cause there's so much about Yeah. The Night stalker. There's, there's conflicting Reports. Can you, oh God. I just picture the eyeball list Mom. I mean Like, it's bad enough, but then It's that's nightmare. Like Yeah. That's special horror movie. That's like, that's like the third scare in the horror movie where it's like the worst one.


Totally. Not having eyes is bad news. Totally. Totally. Okay. Mabel Bell on May 29th. So then, let's see, that was so later that month. This was like two weeks later. Mabel be age 84. Oh honey. And her invalid sister, Florence Lang age 81 ladies are beaten in their Monrovia home and they live in, in a house down a, a long narrow winding road. And they're found four days later by a gardener. Oh. And they weren't dead, but Mabel died. They weren't dead four days later. Oh, maybe, sorry, maybe Florence was dead, but Mabel was still alive.


No, but she only lived two more months. It's, this is rough because he, this was, this was why this guy was so like frightening. He didn't give a fuck. I mean, he raped old women, he raped children. He was just, you know, he was on one Crazy like Yeah. Right off the bat just to be Berserk. Yeah. June 27th, Patty Lane Higgins, who was 32, had her throat slashed in her Arcadia home. And also for people that dunno the Los Angeles area, all these areas are just low key suburban Outlying cities. And they're not, they're not like close. It's not like these are all random little cities Yeah.


That are not like connected in any way. Right. So weird. Which Is just kind of all around the San Gabriel Valley. Right. Which is surprising that they were able to connect them because it's sounds like it'd be all different districts. Well they kept finding this A VSU print in places. Oh, that was one of the things that a what? It's Avia, you know that brand? Yeah, No, A VIA. Okay. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's kind of, it looks kind of Reebok. Yeah. Like the, the symbol is partial Reebok, but extra lines. Okay. So are people freaking out at this point? Like does everyone know about it? Oh yeah, we heard about it up. You remember it? I was 15. Holy shit. Oh dude. The, he. Okay. This was crazy because it was like he was on tour, like, it was like a nightmare because you heard about it down in LA or whatever and you're like, oh, those poor people.


Yeah. Then he popped up to the Bay Area, people were losing their shit. It was crazy. Oh my God. It was like, it was basically kinda like watching a storm come. Yeah. Where you're just like, and it truly was that thing of like, it we could be next. Yeah. It was nuts. Okay. So it was only like four days later, two miles away from the Higgins home. Mary Louise Cannon, who was 77, who had already fought off two bouts of cancer was murdered. Her throat was slashed. That was in Arcadia. July 7th, Joyce Nelson, who was 61, was beaten to death in Monterey Park.


And July 11th they have a Mo Monterey Park has a neighborhood watch meeting and 600 people go to it and be, because people are freaking out. Yeah. They're just like, but they, the police are like, we're sorry we don't have a suspect. So they have these tiny pieces of evidence, but no suspect at all On July 20th. Chain of wrong Kavana who is 32 years old, is slain in his Sun Valley home and his wife is beaten and raped and their 8-year-old son is beaten and they, he steals $30,000 in jewels and cash from the house. Holy shit. What Are doing in Sun Valley?


I know right? Hiding your shit. Yeah. You'd have to. But a witness sees the suspect flee in a maroon colored Pontiac Grand Prix. Yay. That has a damaged right front fender. Fuck. Yeah. So now they have, at least they have that. So then on July 20th, a max needing, who is 68 and his wife Lela Ellen, who was 66, were shot to death in Glendale. That's right. It's so close to here. August 6th, Christopher Peterson is 38. His wife Virginia's 27. And they're both shot in the head in their Northridge home and survive.


Yay. Survive. It's just so wild and hopeful that you can survive a fucking head shooting. I know it happens in the show. I survived all the time. Fuck. And it's people in a very normal voice. Wait, being like, I heard this loud noise on my head hurt really bad. Yeah. You're just like, how are you telling me this story? Yeah, sorry. It's like I make money off of I survived. I'm really not, I'm not sponsored. I swear to God You should Be. I actually should be. So on August 8th, my sister's birthday, Elias Abbo 35 is shot to death in his Diamond bar home, which is fancy. Right? Isn't Diamond Bar where they have all the horses.


Okay. It's, I've never been there. I've lived here my whole life and I'm just in like Sun Valley. Oh, you know what it is? No Jews allowed in Diamond Bar. That's what it is. Not surprised. Okay. So. he, he's 35. That's so young. Yeah. Yeah. He shot to death. His wife is beaten. His two children ages three and three months. Not harmed. Oh good. Thank God. So later in the day they say that they have linked that this attack on the Abbot is the final link. That they are all the same su suspect from all of these attacks. And this is the first public revelation that there's a, a serial killer loose in Southern California that Took that many bodies.


Yeah. And also because it was so random, like Yeah. Sun Valley and Diamond Bar are two very different cities. Totally. So August 10th reports of crimes made by citizens to LAPD communications are up 15%. Everyone's on edge. They're freaking out. Yeah. So people are calling in, there's increased sales at gun shops. Yeah, of course. Everyone's freaking Out. I would be staying in a hotel forever. Right. Indefinitely. So then the Board of supervisors offers a $10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the night. It's gonna need more than that, bro. About, you know what, you know, What up that shit?


Let's get that money up there. Yeah. So now that they, they link back to the, the shooting of SU in Monterey Park from March 17th. They're like, it's this one too. They, they, the gun, the ballistics evidence that they have links that. And then on August 17th, a man named Peter Pan that way who was 66 Yeah. Was shot and killed in his bed in his San Francisco home. Oh fuck. And his wife Barbara, who's 64, is shot and beaten, but she survives. What's her name? Wendy.


Was that the most insensitive thing I've ever said in my Fucking life? No, we have to do it. Okay. And their dog was also the nanny. That's the part I love in Peter Pan where it's like, you're so the dog takes care of the children. Yeah. And then he locks 'em out and they go missing. Right. They all do drugs and fly off the roof. Yeah. Good. Good job dad. So August 22nd, they ba the people, the cops in San Francisco announced that the slaying of Peter Pan and his wife is the night soccer. And that's when the NorCal goes a shit. Ah, Yeah. I, I still remember, I can't remember. Like, I just remember watching it on the news with my family.


We, we watched so much news every night. Yeah. News Was a nightly occurrence. Yeah. You know how we all avoid it now? No, that's not what You did. No. You watched it as a family and, and went through it. But like, I remember that like Diane Feinstein was on, they were making like official announcements. It was all breaking news. It was like, it was a big deal because Remember when news was like from six to seven and then there was like gonna be a 10 to 11 and that was it for news. Yes. It wasn't like how it is now. Right? Yeah. That was, we had to watch it then. Like my parents would turn off, you know, something we wanted to watch and they'd be like, no, no, no. It's time for the news. Right. Like entertainment tonight Yes. Is what we'd wanna watch. Yes. And they'd be like, it's time for the news. 'cause you wouldn't get it otherwise like Right after Jeopardy. Yeah, exactly. So, sorry, I lost my spot.


They, Oh, so they say that the evidence that they have that's linking it are the ballistics also messages that he scrawled on the walls and, and a distinctive but undisclosed piece of evidence that the killer left behind in the homes of his victims. But then Diane, San Francisco at the time, San Francisco mayor Diane Feinstein gets on the news offering a $10,000 reward for any information for the capture of the Night stalker. Unfortunately, she gives away that, that distinctive piece of proof they have is his shoe print. And so that night shut up Richard Ramirez walks onto the Golden Gate Bridge and throws his shoes over.


Yeah. So no longer is that going to be a piece of he did that. Really? That helps anything. Yep. Holy shit. And Then, I mean, everyone who had those shoes did that though. Just like 49 guys on the Golden Gate Bridge. Sorry. You're Like, oh shit. 49 peeping toms that are like, why did I ever buy a vz? Alright. All right. So August 25th, a man named Bill Carnes, who is 27, is critically injured by being shot in the head while sleeping in his mission Va o Home. So now the ninth stalker's back down. He's in Orange County now? Yeah. Is that where Mission V? Yeah. Has Orange County And his 29 fiance, sorry, his 29-year-old fiance.


I believe her name was Inez. I don't, I, my saved document and my original document are both on here and some has some information and some has other, here we go. Fuck. So Bill Kane's fiance Inez is raped but as the night stalker runs outta the house and gets into the stolen car that he has stolen from San Francisco down to back down to Orange County, she sees him leave in an a 1976 orange Toyota station wagon. Why Are you getting an orange car?


Night? Stalker Not smart. Yeah. How about black brown? Go for your Brown. 'cause it's the eighties probably. Yeah. And you'd blend in right Brown or like a kind of a shimmery blue. Totally Was every single car on the road. Yeah. So she sees that as she like crawled up to the window and saw that. And so was able to tell the police that that's the car that guy had. Good girl. So now at Los Angeles City council's offering a $25,000 Reward. Yeah. Yeah you are. And then Governor Duke Magen announces the state is gonna add 10 grand onto that. Yeah. That's more like it. So when they find the stolen Toyota, they pick up, there's a new laser examining device that they use and they pick up a single fingerprint on the rear view.


Amazing. He took off his gloves, readjusted that mirror, and they found one fingerprint in the whole car. Check to see if he had anything in his teeth. And he fucking, And he, you know what he had in his teeth? What the most rotten teeth of all time. Really? Yeah. He Had gross teeth. His mouth was filled with them. Oh, you've never seen his teeth? No, he never had any dental work done his entire life. And all he ever ate was candy and drank coke. The first time he ever went to the dentist was when he was in jail. Oh. Just trash mouth. Crazy. The mouth on this guy is nutso. Ugh. It's horrifying. And a lot of his suspects, they, the thing all the women who were attacked, who lived said was the worst breath I've ever smelled.


What a weird Yeah, yeah, yeah. Insult to injury. I mean, just make it as upsetting as it possibly can be. So they use that fingerprint and they find in a computer system that, that was very new. And it had like, just gone online that there was a guy who had like very, I think misdemeanors like, like burglary shit named Richard Ramirez. So they got their guy. So they put out an all points bulletin for the arrest of Richard Ramirez. And they have the, have you ever seen the, the picture that the police sketch artist drew of him?


Yes. It looks just like him, right? Yes. But it's also one of the scariest things ever. I'm looking it up right now. Go on. Yeah. So they put out, there's the picture that the, that the cop drew, but then they have a mugshot of him in real life. And that goes on the front page of all the papers. Fuck in Los Angeles. So meanwhile, Ramirez has no idea that that's happened because he was in Phoenix visiting his brother. And so the cops stake out the bus station 'cause they think he's gonna try to leave town now that his picture went up. It's already gone stake out the bus station. He was already gone. He was coming back. He passed the cops in the bus station.


No. And just kept it cool and walked outta the bus station downtown, walked into Boyle Heights, went over to a liquor store, walked up, there was a newspaper, you know, stand thing right on the outside. He picks up the newspaper and sees the picture of himself on the front of the newspaper. Inside the store, a woman looks and starts yelling El el which in Spanish. I'm giving that a French accent. 'cause I took French in high school in Spanish. I guess that means the bully. And he hears that and he starts running. So, oh my god. Oh my god. This this I love so much.


Okay. He starts running So. he goes over to, he runs and he tries to carjack a woman. So. he runs up, he punches her in the stomach and he tries to pull her out of the car. The, the husband of this woman hears this going on, grabs a pipe. Fuck yeah. Dude runs out. The guy Richard Ramirez is in the car. He hits him over the head. Fuck yeah. And so Ramirez runs out of that car and starts running A man named Jose Bergeron, who was the neighbor had run over. But he was an older man at the time. Now he's in his eighties at the time. He was in his fifties. And he ran over to defend to, to defend her.


And Richard Ramirez had said, don't get any closer or I'll shoot you. But the guy says, I didn't see a gun. Yeah. So I went So. he basically opened the car door and then the husband came out and hit him in the head. He starts running Jose Bergon Bergon, however you say it calls for his two sons. Oh yeah. And says run after him. Fuck yeah, it is. So these two boys start running. They ran for two miles. Yes. They chase him down. Yes. As they start running, everyone in the neighborhood sees it and starts running to Fuck. Can you fucking imagine There's 200 people running up the street. How did I never Know this. It was, I think I remember seeing this now. I could have seen a reenactment in in a sure in in a, I'm sure I saw a reenactment.


But I feel like I remember seeing the helicopter shot on the news of all the people in the street in Boyle Heights. Because basically this whole fucking neighborhood was like, we got the fucking night stalker. Fuck yeah. They, these two boys, it was Jamie and I can't remember the other brother's name. Bergon. B-U-R-G-O-I-N. Along with like four or five other dudes. They pin him to the ground. They have him on the curb and everyone just starts beating the shit out of him. They call ev, they had called the cops. I think Jose called the cops when they started running. So the cops got there mid beat down so that Richard Ramirez was going, it's me, it's me.


Oh. And the cops, oh my God. Saved him from this crowd of people. Holy shit. It's my favorite thing. That's Incredible. In the world. Isn't that awesome? Yeah. He tried, I think he tried to, at, at one point he ran through a backyard. They have a picture of a guy who tried to hit him with, he was pruning his, his the tree in his yard. And the guy tried to like stab him with these pruning, she these huge pruning shears. But he missed. Oh. And so they had all these, it's the best you can, you can look it on the line. There's pictures of all these people who are from Boyle Heights who got these awards. They get awards from the city, they get awards from the cops. Fuck yeah. It's awesome. And it's totally just people like, Nope, not in our fucking neighborhood.


Good. Keith thought he could go and just blend in. Yeah. And just be like, oh whatever. Yeah, that's my favorite. So, and when they brought him down to their local precinct, 500 people were outside chanting like they wanted to kill him. They wanted him strong Enough. Just like send him out. Yeah. I mean this is a man who like totally did story after story. It only got scarier and he became like, he was like this phantom where no one could figure out who he was, where he was. And he was everywhere. You know, he was just driving around changing city. Jesus. My parents did a really good job of keeping this shit from me. 'cause I don't fucking remember any of this. You Don't? No. How old were you though? What Was it?


87, 85? I was five. Ah. In little baby Georgia and Mission Viejo. That's like, that's like 15 minutes, 10 minutes from Irvine where I grew up. Marty, good job. Good job. Marty. Well done. Janet. Janet, Janet. They were going through their divorce, so I was busy. Well that's good. You probably were getting up a lot of extra toys. Yeah. Probably at the time. Yeah. I was just gonna see this really quick. Oh, one of the cops said, it seemed like alert citizens were reporting the suspect every step of the way. So basically as they ran up the street, every house was calling the cops. Can you imagine what it would've been like if they had, like now if they had fucking cell phones, I bet you it would be half as many people chasing him and half and the other half would be filming him.


Filming it. Yeah. We'd be able to post this and just be like, here, here's what happened. You guys put your phone away and participate In the beat down. So at the end of the, so the cops come in and there is a super, if you wanna look it up, very scary picture of him in the, in the cop car. 'cause his whole head is wrapped. So instead of having like his rockstar hair, whatever he has, he looks like a gray alien. He is so scary looking in the backseat is he had some pretty serious head injuries. They were beating the shit out of him. Good. Yeah. Yeah. He actually says, I'm lucky the cops caught me. Wow. Because these people were going to kill him. Yeah. I don't doubt it. At the end, the last victim that was confirmed of the night stalker was 9-year-old me lung whose body was found in a San Francisco hotel basement in 1984.


She wasn't linked to him until 2009. Holy shit. When they found they got DNA. Oh honey. Yeah. Poor baby. It's horrible. Yeah. So. he had actually done that while he was in the city. Yeah. But they didn't know. Yeah. I wonder how many other, like Go ahead. Sorry. Well, he was arrested on August 31st, 1985. But he didn't, the jury selection didn't begin until July of 1988. Wow. 'cause they did so many delays and, and continuances and all that shit. His, he did everything he could to make sure that they didn't start this thing on time. Okay. They basically finally convicted him of 14 homicides and all the other felonies and attacks on September 20th, 1989.


It was four years after his arrest. Holy shit. And during the trial, there was a juror named Phyllis Singletary who didn't show up one day and she had been shot in her home. And then all the jurors were freaking out that he had had, he was having the jurors killed. What? She it was a domestic violence thing of was thing. And her, I think boyfriend murdered her Son of a bitch. Yeah. So that was just to, just to add to the freak out Factor. Totally. Oh, are you, what if you were on that jury? Oh, could you imagine? No. Scary enough. Because they said, all the jurors said the stuff that they saw, the evidence that they saw in the pictures they had to look at. None of them were sleeping. And I bet the man himself, he's such a creep having to sit like, can you imagine like from where you, you and I are sitting right now that that's a fucking night stalker.


And he was doing things, I mean, there's tons of famous pictures. He was doing things like putting his hand up and he had a pentagram on his hand in the eighties. People. Oh yeah. It was, that was the whole satanic panic time. Yeah. Where it was like, this guy is Satan. People freaked out about that shit. It was very scary. Scary. He also, a, they found out about a plot that Ramirez had to somehow sneak a gun into the courtroom and kill the prosecutor. Oh. So then they put in, so it, sorry. Eventually he was, he was con sentenced to death for 13 murders, five attempted murders, 11 sexual assaults and 14 burglaries. And when they, at the end of the trial when he was convicted, he said, no big deal.


Death always comes with the territory. I'll see you in Disneyland. And when they sentenced him, he said, he grinned When they said, you know, you're, it was like, I think it's something like 14 death sentences. He said, his official statement was, you maggots make me sick. Hypocrites one and all. We're all expendable for a cause. And no one knows that better than those who kill for policy clandestinely or openly as do the governments of the world which kill in the name of God and country and for whatever else they deem appropriate. You don't understand me. You are not expected to. You are not capable of it. I am beyond your experience.


I am beyond good and evils. That's pretty fucking poetics. Like for someone who's insane and has a head injury and isn't probably educated, that's fucking a pretty powerful, It's powerful but it also being somebody who is in the 12 step program, I would like to mention that addicts have a real sense of grandiosity about themselves. And so this is a person who is pretending that because he is a psychotic, uncontrollable murderer, that somehow makes him magical and special. Yeah. When in fact it just makes him an animal. Yeah. Because that's really what he was. I know. And you're right. And I think people probably, it wasn't just him who is thinking of him as grandiose.


It was everyone because it was such a, you know, it was so terrifying. And he was able, single-handedly to put this, put this whole city into a panic. The whole, he believed it. And I think probably everyone else did too. I mean, and he looked the part Yeah. Everything. It was, it was kind of, it was on the level of Ted Bundy in the, in how he looked evil, but then he was also sexy. Yeah. There was a rock star element. So then it kicked up all that stuff of like, women being like, I'm in love with him. He actually married a woman while he was in Right. Jail, who does not, he is, is not a rock star. Doesn't look like a rock star type of gal herself. It's very fascinating. And she was also a virgin.


Oh shit. Which I kind of am fascinated by. I feel like the fact that he was able to get, it's like the same thing with Ted Bundy, where it's like, like, how can you be so prolific? How can you kill so many people in such a short time and get away with it? It's almost like you, you are, you are on another level. He, he was on another, I think another level in that way of you can't track chaos. Yeah. And he really was, he wasn't sticking into a neighborhood. He wasn't, there was no, they couldn't get a hold on him because he would just switch the city. Right. And he also switched the, his, the type there was, they couldn't follow any of it. Yeah. You know, it was just like, oh, there's just another body in another body in another Party.


In the same way Ted Bundy, because of his charm, they couldn't figure him out. Yeah. Maybe those were those two things that he was switching cities and that this guy was charming or what were able to make those people get away with so much. Right. Well, and also I think the people's sense of, oh, who would and wouldn't do things was very different back then. Yeah. It was very uneducated. Yeah. But in, I'm still reading that Ted Bundy book right now. Fucking Anne Rule got heard the news that the man was named Ted at the, at the, those lake murders where the two women disappeared in one day. That it was a man named Ted and that he had a gold color, a a gold metallic bug.


Volkswagen Bug. And she knew that his name was Ted, and he had a gold metallic bug. And she told people, but she still didn't think it was him. She Still didn't think it was him. No. No. She was like, there's no way it could be him. But, but she did tell a cop that she knew because she worked with them. And she was like, just so you know, I'll give you this name, but it can't, it can't be him. Did they follow up on him? Like, a little bit. But he had then moved to Colorado, I think by the time those two were being like, really looked into. Okay. So anyway, that's the night's stalker. That's fucking, I'm sure there's so much more online about him. 'cause you know, like Yeah. But there's always gonna be more. Yeah.


It's amazing when It's, when it's a classic. Like him, well, Happy birthday to his death. Happy, Happy Death day, rich happy Death day piece of shit. You total lunatic, fucking Psychopath. I mean, this story ends on such an incredible note. Again, fucking shout out to Boyle Heights and the people of Boyle Heights, like Boyle Heights. Unbelievable. Sorry. I got so excited because I just was like, if you watch the Netflix documentary Night Stalker the hunt for a serial killer, you have to watch it. Yeah. Because the people who chased him down are in that documentary. Yeah. They get to tell the story themselves.


And it is so great. It's so satisfying. The individuals who are on camera, some of them are survivors and victims, which is incredible. Listening to them and they're seeing that like a person being able to tell that story with like strength and spirit. And it's, it's an amazing piece of work, in my opinion. Yeah. But the people who are like, we saw him and we heard that that's who it was. And we knew we had to get him. Like, it's just, it's the beauty of like, humanity. It's, it's like, you're not allowed to hurt people like this, and we're gonna do something About it. Right. We're not minding our own business. This is, you can't, we can't do this and you can't come into our neighborhood.


Speaking of neighborhoods, when I was like rereading some of the details of this, I real, I like looked it up. 'cause I was like, oh. And it turns out that Richard Ramirez, the Night Stalker and the Hillside Stranglers both attacked people like in my immediate neighborhood Yeah. That I now live in. Yeah. So that's, we didn't, we didn't catch 'em. It was Boyle Heights. Yeah. Boyle Heights got 'em. Yeah. Also, I think though the way Los Angeles is, right. I think in any neighborhood you could probably say that because there's been so Yes. Many insane serial killers down here. If I Was like, I live in this, on this block in Duluth and that's, and there's two people like that would be wild. But LA No. No. That's not, yeah, that's Not that.


LA is. We've had some bad ones. Oh sure. We sure have. It's a great place to go if you're a bad person. So there's no major updates in this case, obviously, except for that. I love to brag that my cousin Martin was a cop who picked up one of the fingerprints that eventually led to his identification in San Francisco. Very, I'm very proud. I'm also very angry that he waited until, like he said it at Thanksgiving, as if it was no big deal one year where I was like, you've you've had this information. Yeah. Since it happened. That's insane. Wait, Like make a T-shirt. You should be wearing that T-shirt that says that all The time. Come on. Yeah. You stopped that guy. Yeah. You helped stop him. But anyway, the, the only update is just watch that Netflix documentary 'cause it's so good and it gives you, it just gives you all the color and the, you know, the first hand hand accounts that you need to hear.


And that cop Gil, I can't remember his last name, but he was in, he worked both of those cases. Right. Hillside Strangler and the Night Stalker. Right. He's in there a lot. Yeah. Okay, so now let's listen to Georgia's story about the Bain Family murders. All right. So My favorite murder. All right. This is one that people keep wanting us to do, and I didn't know about it until we started doing this show, which I love finding new ones out. That Is a good feeling. All right. This is the Bain Family Murders. I don't know it. You know this one?


I don't think so. All right. You guys in New Zealand. I feel I hear everyone from New Zealand cheering right now because they're like, finally I, We have severely underserved Australia, New Zealand, that whole area. Can I tell you, I was, I met some girls who were from Australia and I was like, well, Australia's better. And they're like, why? And I'm like, you have better serial killers. And they thought, I think they looked at me like I was fucking, like, I don't think that they were on the same Level as me. They're not, they're not one of us. No. Because They're like, oh. And they like kind of looked at each other and like, yeah, we got good serial killers. I was like, Anyways, anyways, nice to meet. I love my cats. Okay, so on the morning of June 20th, 1994, I might have, that might have been my bat mitzvah day actually.


Oh, really? From the day I was bat Mitzvah. What was your main bat mitzvah mitzvah gift? Oh, well, the one I remember the most that I love the most was a run and Stimpy poster. Oh my God, that's so Jewish. I, I know. I know. Yeah. Fucking love running. Should Be. They're pretty great. Okay, so David Bain, who is 22 at, at 7:00 AM about, he called 1 1 1, which I'm assuming is 9 1 1 in here. I was gonna say nine. Nine, nine, Right. I was gonna say. Yeah. Yeah. It's 9, 9 9. I get it. Okay. I think I'm slowly losing my mind. I think you are too. It'll be fun though. 'cause I'll do it on this podcast because last Week you asked why didn't I ask this victim, this murder victim if she had had sex with her wife.


Yeah. And I was pissed about it too. It is like, this is really bad police work that you wouldn't ask a dead person. Why? Anyhow, I Love that. Because it's like, that's such an obvious brain malfunction. I think I had very low blood sugar. Alright, Go ahead. Fair enough. So at 7:00 AM he calls the operator and he says they're, they're all dead. They're all dead. When the police arrived, they found five members of the Bain family. They had all been shot to death. The father who, Robin, who was 58, the wife Margaret, who was 50, the daughters Arwa, who was 19, and Lynette, who was 18. I might be saying these two girls' names wrong. I'm sorry, Lynette Sounds right. Lynette. Well, it's L-A-N-I-E-T.


Oh Jesus. Lana And RO is R-A-R-A-W-A-A-R-A. Wawa Aua. Sorry, do you mean Aria Stark? What? From kick from Game of Thrones? No. All right. And their son, Steven, who is 14, there was, and there was evidence of a violent struggle involving Steven, who is partially strangled as well as chefs. So David's stories that he got up at his usual time, he put on his running shoes and he was a paper boy at 20 So. he went on his regular paper run with the dog. He was, he arrived back around 6 42, entered the front door, went to his room, he went downstairs to the bathroom where he washed his hands, which were black from newsprint.


He put his clothes in the washing machine, including the sweatshirt he wore. And then went back upstairs and noticed bullets and the trigger lock on the floor. And he went into his mom's room to find her dead. Then visited the other rooms where he heard Lynette gurgling. Oh. And then found his father dead in the lounge. And he was devastated and, and ring emergency. And the defense who ended up trying this case proposed that Rob and the father killed the other family members before he switched on the computer and typed a message that said basically that David was the only one who deserved to be here and then killed himself.


But, and that's what looked like a murder suicide, right? Oh, Looked like, Yeah. Looks like a murder suicide. So David Bain was examined by a doctor on the morning and found to have some recent injuries. He reported that he noticed recent bruising to the right temple and bruising about his eye. And it looked pretty new. And he and David had no way to just explain this. He didn't even try to explain this like he fell off his bike or anything. So the only suspects were David the oldest son and the, and the father. Okay. So they found a lens from the glasses that David had been wearing on the floor of Steven's room, like kind of underneath him.


And there was bloody gloves in St in Steven's found in Steven's room. And he, and why is the father using gloves if he's gonna kill himself? Right? Yep. So four days later, David Bain was charged with five counts of murder. So his what actually happened later that, and this is from crime.co enz, the story is that David wakes up around 5:00 AM gets dressed and pulls out a 22 rifle. He unlocks the trigger, attaches a silencer and loads 10 round magazine shit, puts on his white gloves, blah, blah, blah.


He was wearing his mother's glasses because his are being repaired. He goes into a sister's room where he, That is, I'm sorry. That's so scary. That like, just gave me a weird chill. Which part? That his mother's, he was wearing his mother's glasses. It's, He's a 20-year-old guy wearing white gloves with a si a rifle with a silencer and women's glasses. Yeah, that's, there's something very creepy about that. Totally. Well, Like, 'cause also, sorry, what year was it? It was 94. So they're probably those ones where the, they, they're large. The big, very large big ground. They're serial killer glasses. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. He goes into his sister Lynette's room where he shoots her twice in the head as she's sleeping, goes into his mother's room, shoots her in the forehead, in the room of, off his mother's room.


He finds Steven asleep. He puts the rifle to Steven's head. But Steven wakes up and pushes it away as it goes off. There's a struggle with Steven bleeding from the scalp wound as he fights for his life. David twists Steven's t-shirt to strangle him as he lies on the floor. David finishes him off with a bullet to the head. And then during the struggle his glasses fell off. He picks up his glasses and brings them back into his room and puts them on his like desk. But there's still a lens in the other room, right? So. he goes downstairs where a sister Arro R oi has heard the shots and she's praying for help, honey.


Oh No. Why don't you run Phone for help? Yeah. Don't pray for help. He shoots her. He shoots at her and he can't see anything 'cause he's not wearing his glasses. Shoots at her again. Finally gets her, then he goes back upstairs where he hears Lynette gurgling and he shoots her again in the top of the head. And this is a really good 'cause I'm just gonna get to this. He gets convicted of murdering his family a few years later. The conviction is overturned. He's now out What he was proven, he wasn't proven guilty. He's not proven innocent. He was proven not guilty because of reasonable doubt. Why? And the reason you know that people don't think he's innocent is that he, he tried to get money for his time that he was locked up.


And the only way you can get money is if you're proven innocent. And he wasn't So. he shoots her and kills her. Here's the, the other sister gurgling. But remember on his, in his what account of what happened? He said that he heard his sister gurgling when he got home from the news, from the newspaper delivery. Right. So if he heard her and she was already alive, still alive, gurgling then how did she die? 'cause she got a second shot and that killed her. The first shot didn't Oh Right. Yeah. Yeah. He's still there when the second shot Happened while she's dying and the second shot happened. Ooh, He didn't track that correctly. No, he did not. He Should have put that down on a piece of paper. He did. He Should have worked it out on scratch paper real Quick. Totally. And then, and then burn the scratch paper.


So, and then rinse the ashes down the sink, all of It. He did not think true So. he throws his bloody clothing in the washing machine, turns it on. Just burn it. Yeah. And they found the father's blood on the washing machine, like a hand print of this kid's blood. He turns on the computer and he types the suicide message from his father and what the suicide message was. Sorry, you're the only one who deserved to stay. Wow. Then he hides behind the curtain with the rifle and waits for his father to come in to pray, which is a daily routine. He kneel, David shoots him in the head and then calls 9 1 1. Okay. Here's the fucking craziest part to me.


Two weeks after the murder, after the police have completed their inquiries and handed over and handed the house back over to the family trustees, the house was burnt to the ground. Whoa. On purpose, what? By the Bain family and the New Zealand Fire Service. And part of the reason that he got off and, and wasn't put in jail at the second time was because the fucking cops, and it's like a known thing. I'm not just blaming cops bungled this so fucking hard. They didn't test the dad's hand for any gun residue, gunpowder, just shit like that, that they just didn't do correctly. They didn't. So one of It was New Zealand, right? Yeah. So they did probably hadn't had like a, all a whole family murdered before. I think it was a rural area where they lived too.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what they say is that the reason that they, that there was doubt and thoughts that the father had done it and had done a murder suicide, was that the daughter Lynette had returned home. The reason she came home from college that week was to confront her parents with her. That her father had been molesting her. And that had, they had had an incent, an incest, ancestral relationship over several years. So, he killed his family because of that. That's what, that's what the offering was. Right. But sorry, who was making that? Who was saying that? Well, there are people including both of their friends. 'cause they were close in age that that said that they heard that. But when they were called to trial some that says something about how they seemed confused about it.


So it was never like proven. But that also could have been like the defense attorney. Right. Making it seem like they didn't know what they Were talking about. Right. It seemed like it came from a couple places, but I don't think it was ever proven. But, which is another thing that the, and everyone, so I, I went, I went on our My favorite murder email and kind of just looked at Bain to see if anyone had emailed us about them. And actually a lot of people have someone named Alexander. He told me here, I'm, I'm gonna read his, his email. Okay. The thing is, here in New Zealand, people on both sides of the camp are so passionate and sure about who they think killed everyone. Robin or David, I've listened to intelligent people argue through their teeth for the completely different sides. And during David's recital, I remember getting our history teacher in high school to spend the whole lesson explaining why David was innocent.


I've heard more heated arguments about David Bain than I have about religion or politics. Wow. Yeah. Because people knew him. So like, these are people that knew either the dad or the son. No, these are people, I think everyone in New Zealand has an opinion. Okay. Okay. Based on these random facts. All of this as well as a clear amount of sexual and physical abuse happening within the Bain family, which I looked up and I couldn't find a ton of, I didn't find a lot of that clear evidence. Right. Combined with rumors of cops planting evidence on the scene to frame David, or the fact that if Robin had killed himself, he'd have come to have pulled the shotgun trigger with his toe. 'cause the gun was really big, made for a pretty fucking intense story.


David Bain became kind of a meme in New Zealand because on TV and all the shots of him getting escorted by the cops, et cetera, he's always wearing really ugly sweaters. Oh. And this, I saw a lot people are calling 'em Cosby sweaters and shit. So basically there's a part in the middle of the call. Okay. This is really interesting. So basically in the 9 1 1 call, he says, they're dead. They're all dead. And basically there's a part in the middle of the call where David, more or less gasps or mumbles or murmurs. It's a second long. And you wouldn't think it was anything more than just him being out of breath. But the prosecutor argued that David actually whispers something here. You can actually do tests online where you can listen to the gasp, gasp, whisper, and write what you think might be saying if he's sang anything at all.


What the prosecutors are claiming, he said was that David quietly whispers to himself, I shot the prick. So here's a theory that I had never heard before until I read this email that Robin killed his entire family. David came home and found that and killed Robin because of that. Ooh. Yeah. So, so kind of everybody's guilty. Yeah. So this guy says, did David discover Robin had killed everyone and a fit of revenge? She shot his prick of a father himself? No, because that doesn't prove, that doesn't explain why the GLA sunglasses lens or the glasses lens is underneath. Yeah, the thing, Yeah, he said that he lost, he left the glasses in there like the pri the week prior, something like that.


He had an excuse for that. They were under the bed or under the brother. I think they were, I looked at crime scene photos and they were like a mist. They were like underneath some clothing and stuff. Okay. So it wasn't necessarily his, his body. Yeah. Wow. And then, let's see, I will say this, just if this was just like I had to decide right this second. Okay. When you go, when you are a, first of all, 20-year-old newspaper delivery boy red flag, Totally lived at home still, What the fuck are you doing? Secondly, when you come home from a newspaper route, and maybe he was riding a bike all over hills, Dale's, I don't know.


But you would work it out like I get washing your hands 'cause you have black shit all over your hands. But going down to the washing machine and stripping down and washing all your clothes And turning the washing machine on immediately doesn't make any sense. Nope. It sure doesn't. Also, I read another thing that was saying that he, in his expl explanation of what happened to the cops, he said he saw his mother and his sis like two people. But on the 9 1 1 call, he says, they're dead. They're all dead. So, oh, So, He was trying to make it seem like No, How did he know? They were all dead if in his, it's another one of his, he fucked up by saying that they're all dead when, and he had only seen two of the bodies.


Oh. So how did he know they were all dead? Oh yeah. And then I kind of interpreted the dad's, if the dad had done it, I kind of interpreted his, his, you know, his, his computer message saying, you're the only one who deserves to still be here. I was like, maybe, maybe he's killing them thinking that he's doing them a favor and he thinks his son is a piece of shit. And he's like, you're the only one who still deserves to be on this shitty planet. Oh. Like He means it in the Negative. Yeah. Not like you're the only good enough person to not get killed. Maybe you're the only one who's not good. I mean, that's crazy. Yeah. That's But but doesn't it seem very like classic narcissist where you would write a fake letter talking about how great you were?


That's, yeah. To me it's too much. Yes. That the dad would be like, I'm gonna murder everybody. We've all been in this house together doing who God knows what terrible shit. Yeah. I pick you as my favorite. Everybody else is going down. Well, To me it's too much. It's too stupid that the son would write that. Like it should, he should have written some, I think he would've known to write something more. Yeah. But he was a 20-year-old paper boy. Yeah. But it sounds like he planned this whole murder out because he also did a thing where he made sure his whole family, he like, called a family meeting the night before. Just kind of, it seems like what people are explaining that as is that he was trying to make sure everyone was in the house that night and the next day.


Wow. Yeah. I don't think there's any way he didn't do it. Yeah. Also because, sorry, did you say any of the accusations about incest or molestation were proven? No, they, they couldn't be proven. But it's brought up a lot. There's a couple people who can corroborate, corroborate it, but they never did In Court at trial. Yeah. So who knows how reliable those are. But also that's like, it's the perfect thing. It's the perfect like ingredient to add into this for confusion. Totally. But I don't think he said it. So it doesn't make any, you know, it's not like he's the one Oh, That wasn't his story. It wasn't his story.


Whoa. He was also never, like, my dad is an asshole. I can't believe he killed my whole family. Which you think you would be saying, yeah. Or I can't believe my dad did this. I would never think my dad would, was capable of this or anything along those lines. He never did that. Or Do you use that to justify why he, why he killed his dad. Right. His dad killed the family, but he killed the dad. Right. No, there's Yeah, because you think that I Yeah. You think You'd, he would be painting himself as a hero. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It sounds, yeah, so I, I, there's like a, I can't believe there's a huge argument about whether or not this kid did. It's fascinating. Yeah. Well, you know what? You know how they'll find out how, if he kills somebody else now that he's free.


Yeah. I don't know. Maybe he won't. Maybe he was 20 and fucking Just trying to, it was like, it was like he was going through a reggae phase except for murder. Maybe he was willing into hacky sack for a short period of time. And then he, He grew some white dreads went nuts. Except for murder. No. Seems I'm ready to, to be an accountant. He Seems like a ce like a celebrity too. Like a local celebrity. Well, 'cause I mean, what's better to talk about than something that has everything. Murder, incest. He's Real ugly. You can't gloves cos Coby's Glasses. Cosby sweaters. Cosby sweaters. I mean, and I can attest to this. I saw some photos. I'm, this is to me staircase level.


Yeah. Fascinating. This is very staircase. Oh, speaking of, I went to a party over the weekend. Remember Erin? Erin Dewey Lennox who had her, we talked about how she had her prom photo on the stair on the staircase. Yes. Because she was friends with that family. Yes. She sent me straight over the weekend. She said in that episode you said that I believed the eagle, the owl theory. And she's like, and I fucking don't. Oh. I was like, I'm so sorry. I love it. Yeah. So she doesn't, I thought, I thought she was gonna be like, and I have the blow poke. I'm sorry. Here it's, sorry. No, no. Oh, that's amazing. Yeah. Okay. That makes me feel better because the owl theory is absolute fucking insanity and is not real.


And she's friends with this sister who has like, alienated herself from the rest of the family. Oh. Who believes he didn't do it. I hope I'm not, I hope she's okay with me. Well, we did, you just said every single name she has. I know. She's a very funny comedian and everyone should go to her shows. So, and also she probably would've told you if she was mad about the L theory, she would've told you she was mad about the name thing. Maybe I'll text her after this and be like, we cool. Let's call this episode. It's going to be edited so much that it's going to be 11 minutes long. Yeah, totally. It's now an if you're not listening to an episode that's at least an hour and 20 minutes. You're listening to the wrong, you're listening to a very edited, you're Listening to Yeah. A reject episode.


Yeah. Oh, I also met a girl who, okay, I'm just gonna make this short. Yeah. Her photos, stalking photos were found at the BTK crime scene. What, What, what, what? Her name Is Terran Southern. She's a fucking YouTube star. She's a sweet angel, awesome person. And she was like, casually, we were like chatting and I, you know, the murder podcast got mentioned and she's like, oh, I have a weird, I have a story. It's not that big of a deal. And she's like, he was, she went to the church where he was a security guard And and he had pictures of her. Yeah. She was like 16 and they had to call her at college and they were like, are you still alive? Oh, I know.


Oh my God. And I Was like, how is this, you just, you just won my life. Y You might as well just said to me like, I I met fucking Julia Roberts. Yeah. That's, and did she lose her shit? I don't know if she lost her shit. She's like, I never spoke to him. He, he wasn't like a creep. He, he chaperoned the prom. Oh No. So there were photos of her, like from prom. Oh. But, so she was like, his, one of his favorites, I guess. Not favorite enough. Thank God. Yeah. For real. Yeah. That's crazy. No, wait, when they told her she was in college, so she was like 16 when the pictures were taken, but then like 18 or older.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. That's crazy. Wait, has he been put to death yet? Or is he, he on death row? I Don't think he's been put to death. Has he? I don't think so. It'll, we'll edit it out if he has. So if you're listening to this guys, this is, He's not dead. One of the more professional podcasts that you are going to hear on in iTunes. You Are welcome. I mean, look, we're we wanna be professional for you. Yeah. It's what we're all about. We Yeah. This is who we are. It's what we do. I'm proud that this episode, I didn't say the word like 900 times. Oh, you know what? I, you know what? I wanna stop doing that I noticed halfway through and you'll notice that my voice isn't doing, I have vocal fry a lot. Yes. Where like, I talk like this, this where I like, you know, I'll be telling a story and I'll like that.


Oh, I was doing that the whole time, last episode. Why do I Do that? Well, we lay down a lot. That's True. That's true. We are, Georgia is often just flat on her back. It really am for the entire episode. If I didn't have to sit up to look at my computer, usually I print my notes so I can like hold them over my face. Yeah. I wouldn't get up This the entire time. There's, I've read a couple of the negative, a couple of the negative. Of course I have to read those, but don't tell me. Well, no, it's just things like that of like, it's two valley girls making jokes about murders or whatever, where I'm like, I get that. I, I hear that we are on the first pass from California and we make fun of murder, but that's not all It is. And we have kind of valley girl speech impediments. We totally We're, we've lived in our life for a very long time.


But We're also not afraid to lecture you on how bad we think rape is. Right. We might really have to edit the top of that off All of together. Should we just start over right now? Hey, thanks for listening. This is I'm George and that's Karen. Hey Karen. How was Your week? Oh my God. What a great week. Fun. Positive. Super positive. Yeah. I, everything is, I like everything. It's A good thing. Everything has been solved. It's things are great and nothing's bad. Yay. Boo. Let's end this two ways. Yes. 'cause people have been asking for this one. Yeah. We missed that. Okay. So we're gonna end it by saying, guys, stay sexy.


Don't get murdered. Also, Elvis, do you want a cookie? Oh, what Else? Thanks for listening. You guys. What? And Elvis Cookie. And can we get the final statement? Cookie, Thanks for listening. Rate review, subscribe. Bye. Whew. Wow. Yeah. Are there updates for this, this story A little bit. This, this is one of those cases that I think still come on those lists of like the biggest mystery, what actually happened.


It's kind of become this like folklore almost in New Zealand, but, you know, it's been 30 years since the Bain family murders. As I stated in the episode, David Bain was convicted of the five murders of his family members. However, after proving a number of errors in his trial, David's convictions were overturned. And he was released after serving almost 13 years in prison. Oh, wow. And a clarification since it wasn't totally clear in the episode, David was ordered a retrial, which happened in 2009, but a second jury ended up acquit him on all five murder charges. So it's been overturned. He's been released and acquitted. So it kind of, someone, I don't know what they were doing and like, know what was going on and that you'd think he maybe actually didn't do it.


Well. And if that's the case, and he, so he's wrongfully imprisoned and his whole family is dead. I, and I mean, that's what a nightmare. And how horrible. Yeah, totally. This Is, this is like an episode where I feel like every fucking thing I'm saying sounds the trist thing I've ever said in my life. I mean, That's all, it's, that's all you can say. Yeah. So now he's in his fifties and he lives with his wife and children under a new name. Wow. And so to end this, this episode is the first time we end with both S-S-D-G-M and Elvis saying goodbye. That's Right. Monumental. It took us 20 episodes to kind of work out the kinks. Yeah. We're starting to get this thing on its feet.


Yeah. Get a tagline. We're starting to tell full stories. We're we're starting to do all our homework. Yeah. Yeah. But, so 2020, as everyone knows who loves the show, 2020. It's a perfect title. Sure. But there could be other ones. Georgia said child's art project, which is her describing the cross stitch that she started for me. Oh yeah. She was giving me, what did you just not give it to me. I think it's still in here somewhere like halfway done. I I definitely didn't finish it. Well thanks. I got really into cross stitching. Turns out when you cross stitch, you can do really good at cross stitching or you can have cats and you, but you can't have both.


Mm. Yeah. So I learned that lesson, you Know, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah. And then the other title could be swimming Above All, which Karen talks about doing a somersault off the side of a pool, hitting your head, and then going back to swimming afterwards. 'cause swimming above all. I like that one. I truly have never hurt my head that badly. And then I was just like, just power through it. It doesn't Matter. A head injury. Just Keep, keep going, keep going. That's, and that's what we, who we have done for the past eight and a half years. That's right. This has been like a head injury. Keep just keep going, keep going. All right. Well thanks everybody for listening. You know, be here every Wednesday with us while we kind of muck through our old episodes.


Our old victories and mistakes. They really, they contain multitudes. This is like A bog. And we're like digging out the bog bodies. Yeah. There's bodies, but then there's also a beautiful golden chalice. Treasures in the box. Treasures. Okay. Stay sexy and don't get murdered. Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.