
This is exactly right.


How about listening to the Sounds of Istanbul beautiful, isn't it? But you can't discover the coolest city in the world just by listening. Check istanbul dot go turkey.com now and plan your Istanbul trip today.


This episode is brought to you by Peacock and the new original docuseries making Manson. In 1969, Charles Manson and his followers committed seven brutal murders in Los Angeles that would make him infamous. Now, with access to over 100 hours of phone recordings between an incarcerated Manson and his closest confidant, a new story will unfold with shocking revelations from the man himself making. Manson is streaming now only on Peacock.


Hello, Hello, And Welcome, To Rewind with Karen and Georgia. This Is the show where we take you back to good old 2016 to revisit some of our very first episodes and talk about everything that's changed since, and everything that's kind of fucking stayed the Same. I mean, there's, there's a lot of repeats. Yeah, there's a lot of consistency. So today we are revisiting our 21st episode. We titled it because 7, 8, 9, i Beloved childhood joke for everybody except for the number nine. It's A classic. And now because of Rewind, we can all be day one. Listeners, Are you ready? Are you ready to get into this? I said 21. We're of age now.


I mean, at this point, I think we, in the podcast back then, we probably really think we know what we're doing. 21 under our boat. We're getting going. Things are looking up for us. We're, we're really getting it together. All right, let's listen to part of our intro for episode 21. Let's get settled in. Well all, let's get Cozy and comfy light some candles. Oh, Did you start? I think this is it. I think this is the last episode. Do I normally talk like That, Karen? Kind of presentation wise, Cozy, and comfy. Do I George, are you seducing me in your own home?


Oh. Oh, Welcome. Hi, this is My favorite murder. Karen is taking a drink of water. I'm Georgia. I don't know that every once in a while a hey comes out. It feels like I have to do it sometimes. Like I don't have AdChoices. Get It outta your system. Hey. Hey. Bye Bye. Welcome To. Episode 21 of the podcast that rocks you to sleep at night and then shocks you awake at 3:00 AM with bad feelings. And yet you still wanna be friends with it. We've become, we've become, we're now a sleep helping podcast. We like the podcast Sleep With Me that I'm obsessed with, except we'll make you stay awake all night.


That's right. So it's for people who don't wanna fall asleep ever again. Are you a a night shift security guard? Yeah. You might wanna listen to this podcast. Do you have manic depression? And you're just gonna be up all night anyways, Then jump on board. Do you, are you, do you have a colicky baby? Are you a murderer? A serial killer? Are you burglar A burglar? Are you a cat burglar? Are you a cat burglar? Let us sneak along the rooftops with you. We'd love to. Let's do it. Goodbye. I worked today as most Americans did. Not Me.


Wait, but you did do something. No. Really? Were you in that outfit all day? Not this one. This is actually cuter than what I've been wearing all day. And this is a fucking house dress. Georgia has a house dress on that looks like something from Bewitched, but hotter. It's like a Key party, like a casual key partying outfit. It's like a tomato red with gold, brocade, sleeveless mini house dress. Yeah. I mean, they don't make 'em like that anymore. Karen, I'm trying to seduce you. Girl. You were correct, girl. It's working. I don't need a house dress. Yeah.


So you were just me. Murder stories. Yay. That's the sad truth of it. That's all that, yeah. Have you, I'm trying to think of like, have I've ever been to a party or a situation where a guy has talked about this topic we love so much. Oh, kind of brought it up themselves. Like You've bonded. You've been like, I got, I had the best conversation with this guy last night, right? Like Across the crowd. Road up. Yeah. Gosh, GARS. I don't think So. I don't neither. What is happening over there I's just playing with these. There's A kitten in the room. Everyone should know this. George Is upping the cat factor by 1000 with a cat, a kitten named Kevin. Oh my God. Like, and he's being very loud right now, but he's so cute.


He's super, he looks, Georgia won't admit that she bought a purebred cat. I Did not buy a pure, I did not buy Adopt don't shop. Goddammit. This cat looks so pure br though. He is. It's weird. He's a lynx point. Siamese, he's purebred. However, he was found, I don't know, in a, let's say in a dumpster. Let's Say in a tiny cat sized dumpster. Oh. In a tiny cat size dumpster. He was bottle fed. He Was bottle fed by a Raccoon. He someone, someone a cap burglar stole him from a purebred breeding place. Oh. And is now adopting them out. And then a family of frogs that were vests raised on down by Aton Boy. F it. That's so cute. The mom accepted them as a baby. Yep.


And Kevin read on the road on the mom frog's back until they were like, this hurts. I gotta get rid of this cat. There's George's house. Let's drop him off. Do dude, here, here we are with, they rode their lily pad right up. Am I in Li Are we both High? Are we both? Neither of us got high before this. This is, this is adding to the Dream pod, the Sleep podcast. Oh, That's what we're doing, right? Meandering stories. Meandering stories. We're Gonna add, we're gonna try to add along with all the horrible visuals that we feed straight, straight into your brain. We're also adding some fun toad in a vest. Visual. Yeah. Some like, some like acid visuals. Some fucking, let's say you're on peyote.


Have you ever done peyote? Is that a thing you can do? Oh God, I've never been offered peyote in my life. I don't, don't you have to go to the Andes or something? Yeah. To get that shit. Sure. Or Ayahuasca. Be friends with Duncan Trestle or something. I am friends with them. Oh, I am. I go On name drop. Sorry. If you can't handle it. Are you Are? Yeah. Yay. Okay, we're back. I, I do remember the red house dress. You do. Orangey red house dress I was wearing, it's in tatters now, but I don't get rid of anything, so I'm pretty certain I still have it.


Pull that Box out of the attic and let's make a quilt out of your old house dress. Unfortunately, I don't have the foster kitten, Kevin anymore. Oh, what a cutie. He was Kevin. He was so cute. I just kept trying to introduce kittens into Elvis's life because I just, but every time it would like, he'd be like, what are you doing? I'm an elderly man already. He's like, no, this is not how this works. And I am absolutely in charge of this household. Right. So three cats in an apartment wasn't gonna happen. Which is probably for the best. I mean Yeah. Looking back. Right? It's so clear. Yeah. But at the time you were just kind of trying to be like, Hey, there are a lot of homeless kittens out there. I wanna help them. Yeah. And like if my cats aren't cuddling, I'm just gonna keep introducing other cats until someone starts fucking cuddling.


You know what I mean? Like, I don't, I just, I just wanna see two animals snuggling. And for some reason I have this like magnetic forced cats that don't cuddle with each other. They're not, I feel like don't cats kind of have to be related to cuddle? No, no, no, no. Oh my God. No. Don't get me started on this. This is gonna make me cry. Okay. It's just more personality time. It's personality. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna cry. Yeah. No crying yet. Not yet. Not above that. This Is also when we both, I guess start to say hi or hi. Hi. It's, that's close to the, the intro, but not exactly. No. And I think the reason we kind of adjusted it is because Haye was actually a quote from Alaska from Drag Race, and we didn't wanna be like fully ripping off someone's actual, you know, intro, I don't know, intro, greeting, whatever.


Sure. That's really noble of us. I mean, we're, that's what we're like, we're just really good people deep down, Truly as all podcasters are, it's kind of a rule. Okay. So this episode we both do, we don't talk about it, but we both end up doing female killers. Yes. Just randomly. I think it's really funny. In this one I'm asking you, did you start recording? Because you Know, so again, you are the sound man or woman, sound person. But it's that kind of thing where like, you don't, I don't even know. Like, we don't know what, what's going on to the point where, yeah, it's not like you're going and here we go. Begin. Right? It's just like, wait, did we start, Did we, I don't know.


Is this going? Do we Have equipment? Is it on? I don't know. I don't know because I don't do that for a living. Right? It's just like how you started our line of merch and just kept a little tally on a piece of paper. You don't do that for a living. You guys, this was like, this was like homegrown punk rock. From the very beginning. We didn't know what we were doing and we didn't for a long time. Yeah. But we acted like it. And that's what's Key. And you know what? You acted like it. And that was what truly brought it all together because Jesus Christ, there were reasons to not. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. There's always reasons to not, and that's why you keep going. Okay. So now we're gonna get into the actual stories.


And Georgia went first on this episode. So let's listen to Georgia's story about the Cleveland Elementary School shootings


between holiday parties, shopping sprees, and trying to wrap gifts. At 2:00 AM Your sleep could really suffer this season, But with Beam you can make this the most slumber full time of the year. And that's why we're excited to talk about Beam's Dream Powder. A science-backed healthy hot cocoa for sleep. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi magnesium, LT Nin, apigenin, and Melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Check out beam's, limited time holiday flavors like white, peppermint, mocha and gingerbread. Get 'em before they sell Out. Despite all the stress and busyness, this time of year Beam can help you get eight hours of uninterrupted sleep, get back on track with just a few sips. There's really nothing like an actual solution when you are having sleeping issues because it just affects your life so much. It's so exhausting. It's such a pain. And the idea that like, with just a little lovely hot chocolate that tastes great, I've taken, it's like this last little thing of the night. It's like dessert kind of. And then like about two hours later, I'm out like light. It's the best. I love it. And right now, beam is offering our listeners early access to their Black Friday sale. You've been hearing us rave about Dream and this is your chance to try it for the lowest cost it's ever been sold At. Get up to 50% off when you visit Shop beam.com/murder and use code murder. Head Over to shop beam.com/murder and use code murder to get yours before they sell out. That's Shop beam.com/murder and use code murder for up to 50% off. Goodbye.


I think you're first This Week. I am first Skippers. It's time to cut back in. Hey, ready? And stop skipping now. Now. Alright. So two things made me wanna do this. Murder My favorite murder This week. One of which was, I finished a, an audio book called We Need to Talk About Kevin. Oh. Which was a book about, it was a book written, fictional book written by the mother of a kid who had done a school shooting. And it was the letter to, it was the whole, all the letters were to the father. And it was like how they raised this kid and what happened and why he became who he became.


And it was a really good book. And I just finished that. Okay. And then on Sunday morning, the fucking Orlando shootings happened. Yep. And it was, it's horrific and awful and disgusting. And so I kind of had, was looking at the Facebook page and found this information that I had never known about before that I wanted to talk about that Cleveland Elementary School shooting. Oh, do you know this one? No. Okay. It took place on January 29th, 1979. Whoa. In San Diego, California. Shots were fired at a public elementary school. And the person who was doing the shooting lived in a house across the street from the school.


And her name was Brenda Spencer. She was 16 years old. Holy shit, Brenda. Yep. There is the fucking, Wait, can I ask a question? Is this I don't like Monday. I don't like Monday. I'm sorry. Hometown rats. Yes. Is that sorry. It's okay. It's fucking interesting. It's my favorite. That's okay. So I, but I don't know the story. I only know that a girl did it and a girl said it. Okay. So Brenda Spencer, she lived in a house across the street from the school, and she would become known as the mother of schoolyard massacres such as Columbine. And she was like the first school shooter. So on the morning of January 29th, 1979, she began shooting from her home at children who were waiting outside Cleveland Elementary School, which was across the street from her house.


The first person that she killed was the principal Burton Rag. And he was opening the gates to the school, 53 years old, ran outside to help the victims and helped get rid of the children and move them inside. And he got, he got shot in the chest. And then Michael Shu, I wanna say Cher, S-U-C-H-A-R. Shar, I don't, or Shooter Chu, he was 56. He was a school custodian, rushed out to help the dying principal, and he was shot. So those were the two fatalities. But eight children were injured. So then the San Diego police officer, Robert Rob, was the first drive at the scene, and he got a bullet in his neck.


What? And I've heard conflicting, I've read conflicting stories that he, someone moved commandeered a garbage truck and drove it in front of the school. 'cause they could tell where the sniper was. And I heard it was this officer who got shot in the neck. But others are saying he just arrived and got shot in the neck. So I don't, I'm not sure, but I don't wanna not give him credit if that's the case. That's so smart. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Like What a quick action to take that you just block the shooter. Yeah. I would've never thought of that. And putting Yourself in harm's way like that. Yeah. Insane. That's amazing. That's insane. Whoever thought of it. Yeah, it was high five. How pissed off was she when that happened? Yeah, It's like the best move.


Yeah. So after firing 30 rounds of ammunition, she, Spencer barricaded herself inside her home for like, it was like six hours. So then on a hunch, a reporter from the local paper called the phone number that was associated with the address, and a young girl answered it was Barbara, the reporter asked if she knew where the shots were coming from, and she said her address. And the reporter pointed that out. She said, yeah, who do you think is doing the shooting? And the next question was, why? And she said, I don't like Mondays. This livens up the day. Oh, I weirdly have chills right now.


Chills. Because Also, sorry, it's 16. Yeah. Is it's such a rough age Anyway. And that answer is so sad. It's, it's someone that gave up. Like it's, It's someone that Yeah. Doesn't understand this. The levity of what they're doing. Is that the right word? It's The opposite. But I understand what you mean. Gravity of what you're doing. It's gravity of what they're doing. That would've sounds so much better if I had gotten that word. Right. This is what we're about. Not sounding good. My favorite murder. She spoke with police negotiators who were telling that, telling them that she had shot the telling those she had sh they had made easy targets and that's why she'd shot them, which is so fucking creepy.


And she was going to come out shooting, but ultimately she surrendered. And the police found beer and whiskey bottles around the house, but she didn't appear to be intoxicated. Oh. So this is probably not the greatest home life, right? Perhaps. Right. Well, 14 years into her sentence, she gave a TV interview, which she said that she was high on whiskey. Angel, Dustin, pot. What? Hold on. That's not, that combination is insane. But here's the thing is that at the time of her arrest, her toxicology reports came back clean. So is she lying? Either she's lying or the toxicology reports were incorrect.


And keep in mind this, she's saying these things at a parole hearing. W So it wouldn't get her anything to lie? No, it would, it would get her out. I mean, I You would think that if she was lying Oh, like her excuse. Yeah. Okay. But however, there, but there were those bottles around the house because her dad was an a like a fucking alcoholic. But I sorry. It, it's just so crazy to, I just think Sure. You drink whiskey and then you smoke pot angel dust Yeah. Is like what insane bikers do In San Diego. That's ex that was like a suburb back then, right? Yeah. I mean, it's the ch like a chill beach town. And like, it's Like us talking about like, has anyone ever offered you peyote?


No. And they have ever offered you angel dust? No. No. Like we could, you could barely get pot. When I was growing up, that was like, you were so excited when someone's cousin came back from Hawaii Totally. Or Whatever. And it was almost like there was this pro, remember Dare was that? Yep. Did you have that then? So Dare was, what was it? Dare to keep your kids off drugs. Drug addicts really engaged. I know Mothers Against Drunk driving. Yeah. Basically in the eighties and early nineties, there was this like program to keep kids off drugs called Dare that I Was on drugs. Feels like on drugs. And I, I was in that, I was like in the perfect, you know, in the epicenter of that.


Thanks Nancy Ray. And yeah, it made me where You had to pledge, right? Yeah. That you wouldn't do drugs. Yeah. And at the time I was like, when I was like in sixth grade, I was like, well, I'm never gonna do angel dust, but I kind of wanna try pot, you know? But like, I thought that would lead to angel dust. And when I found out like that my parents smoked pot Yeah. And that like, people I knew smoked pot, it was like, oh, everything's a lie. So I'm just gonna do everything, you know? Wow. Just say something. Yeah. Like no one gets angel dust is my point. Exactly. It's a crazy, unless her father was some kind of like sure. Dealer or a biker, or like somebody that kind of lived in the, in that fringe life. But yeah, when you do angel dust, you go insane and you have superhuman strength.


And it Sounds like something she would've made up because she didn't know. Yes. You know what I mean? It Sounds like it, it sounds like a very fakey, dumb combination. Yeah. Like saying cocaine would've made more sense, but she probably didn't even like know to say that. Oh. Although if we refer back to the classic film Friday, there is that part where Chris Tucker's pot is laced with angel dust and he, he ends up in the pigeon coop. Remember? He's like freaking out. Yeah. I mean, it happens. Like, but but, but I also don't think you'd be able to shoot a gun very accurately if you were on angel dust. Also, why would someone put angel dust in pot? Like, you're just spending more money Because they're trying to ruin your Rolling Stones concert.


Oh, sure. I don't know. Kitten is going crazy. Okay. Blah, blah, blah. Okay, so, so, so her parents had separated before this happened, and she lived with her father, Wallace Spencer in virtual poverty, and they slept on a single mattress in the living room floor Together. Yeah. Acquaintances later said that, Spencer, that she expressed negative attitudes towards police and had talked about shooting. One teachers described her as introverted and she started hanging out with other troubled youth and became obsessed with Alice Cooper. Mm. Which like, yeah. Which actually, he's like a crazy intellectual, it's like so hard to think about people like using him as an excuse and he's like an incredible intellectual.


And also, isn't he super into golf? Like the Probably when he doesn't have makeup on. Yeah. He is just like kind of an old dude with too long hair at the golf course. And that was like performance art too. Like he wasn't even serious about it. Yeah. But it, I don't, when people try to say that it's like too bad. You're making the money off of people taking it seriously. Yeah. So you have to take it seriously because it's a, I've seen Alice Cooper, like I grew up with Alice Cooper being on TV with blood in the corner of his mouth. Everyone took it seriously. There's nothing performance art about it. Yeah. It's not like you're in a black box theater. Yeah. You could be like, just kidding. Afterwards. Yeah. Okay. I'm really mad at ELs Cooper, I can tell. Is that your father? I hate you, Dad. I hate you.


You will go to the dance. All right. So in December, which is the month before this whole, the shooting happened, a psychia, a psychiatric evaluation was recommended for her. And they said that she should go to a mental hospital due to her depressed state. Oh. But her father refused to give permission. I wanted to go to rehab. I said, no, no. Dad says it's fine. Yeah, everything's fine. Look At me. I'm In three months. I'm dead. Yeah. So is everybody else. Right? I love that song. But, so yeah, I do too. For Christmas So, he said no, he wouldn't let her go to rehab. And then for Christmas, he gave her a Ruger.


No, A 10 22 semi-automatic 22 caliber rifle. Sorry for everyone who fucking knows about guns that I just butchered that Wallace with a telescope site and 500 rounds of ammunition. No, she had asked for a radio, Her father gave her that gun. She Asked for a radio for her birthday. And her dad, who had just been told that she should go to psychiatric Care, a mental hospital Because she was depressed. Give her a gun. Yeah. Well, he's a real piece of work. I mean, some people shouldn't have children. It turns out. Fuck. That's heavy. And she said later that I felt like he wanted me to kill myself. She said Also 500 rounds.


Yeah, that's a Lot of agree. Yeah. In 2001, later she accused her father of having drunkenly subjected her to beatings and sexual abuse. But he said the allegations were not true. I don't feel good about a single mattress on the floor in the living room. Oh. Abso fucking deadly. Not spent. She was tried in as adult. She finally came out with, put her gun down, came out. She was tried as an adult, pled guilty to two counts of murder, an assault with a deadly weapon, sentenced to prison for 25 years to life. And then in prison, she was diagnosed as an epileptic. Oh, I have that. I know. Oh, wait. And then Chino and then, and she received medication while at California Institute for Women in Chino, California.


It's her neighborhood, right? No, no. Great. But then later, here's the fucking kicker. During tests, while she was in custody, it was discovered that she had an injury to the temporal lobe of her brain. That's right. Attributed to her accident on her bicycle fucking Childhood head injury. Dude, send him back, like we said Last. Send him on back. If your kid hits his head. Oh, you know what? I just had a realization that all of the helmet bullshit. That for years I'm in. Like, this is dumb. And these helicopter parents are crazy. What if, what if they've just wiped out an entire generation of serial killers? Oh my God. By, by making sure children have helmets on all the time. I Definitely do.


I bet you're right. That's heavy. That's so, I mean, some will slip through just 'cause it was meant to be. Some Don't even need a hand injury. They're just like, They're like Some shit to begin with. They're hell bent. Yeah. Their parents make it sure that they're fucking just terrible. That is a crazy fucking Story. Head injury. Just like so many serial killers out there. Yeah. Fuck yeah. All right. At a hearing in 2001, she said that her father beat and sexually abused her. And she submitted a written statement in which she said that her father had began fondling her when she was nine and sexually assaulted her virtually every night. Oh. Which is like, why, you know, why didn't you come out with that earlier?


I, I don't wanna doubt her, but it's like, that's a hard thing to, to talk about when you really did these horrible things. So also She could have dis maybe dissociated Totally. So that it was this, she's in this world now where she's killing people. It's like everything is a cry for help. And maybe she was on angel dust and I think she didn't understand the, the connection between her father sexually abusing her and her wanting to die. And so, and kill Other people. People, yeah. The rage that she felt. I didn't mean to victim blame and I totally, if she believe Her. No, no, no, no. We're just, I believe her. We're just talking about theories And here's how you, here's, so the father never admitted to any of this, but, but he was visiting her in a juvenile detention facility after her arrest.


And he met a girl who resembled Brenda but was younger. They went on to have a sexual relationship and he married her. Ew. So clearly he has a fetish for fucking underage girls. He does not like it like His daughter. Yeah. He's not against it. Nope. That's like enough proof, I feel like for me. Hell yeah. That it's true. Oh, that's, Yeah. Insanely dark. In 2009, the parole board board ruled that she would be denied parole and wouldn't be considered for 10 years. So she'll be eligible again in 2019. Okay. But in a 2001 statement, she acknowledged her possible role as the inspiration for later generations of angry kids saying, she said, quote, with every school shooting, I feel I'm partially responsible.


Oh, what if they got the idea from what I did? Oh. And of course, finally the song I Don't like Mondays written by Bob Geldoff for his band, BoomTown Rats was released later that year based on that song. And I just wanna go ahead and say that this is everyone listening. This is our new karaoke song. I don't like Mondays. You know That song? I remember in high school finding out that that was about a school, a girl that did a school shooting. And it was just like the most fascinating thing To me. It changes that song completely. I just assumed it was British though, since BoomTown Rats and that guy or, yeah. Is he He's Irish. He's Not from, from here. I think he's Irish. Is he?


He is not from here, but yeah, I just assumed it all happened in the uk. Yeah. I'll safely say that. Yeah. No, But they were, they were playing at the time in San Diego, I think when, when her trial was going on, they were playing in San Diego. Oh, wow. So they kept seeing headlines of her being the, I don't like Monday's girl. See, that super bums me out because, and maybe this is just a bias because it's a female shooter. It's like, like a 16-year-old girl where I just, I so understand the mindset no matter what. But then fact after fact on top of that is like, that girl did not have a chance. No, she didn't have a chance. I wish she had had, you know, clearly some people cared about her, that they took her to a psychiatrist and that they, they put her in like a, a school for, or they put her in with counselors who, who were there for troubled youth.


They tried. Yeah. And are fucking shitty parents. Oh yeah. Just wouldn't let her have that. Like what if he had said, okay and she'd gone to this mental institution. I know she would've been fine. Also, it's, so I just would like to remind us all of the garbage truck part. 'cause I really like that part. What a bad it. Like Hell Yeah. They probably saved so many lives that day. Seriously. And just kind of like blocking off the whole thing of like, no, this, you're not doing this anymore. Yeah. Like, that's so badass. It's brave and fucking, It's just quick thinking and like sharp problem solving. Totally. I like it. Wow. That's heavy. Yeah. That's fucked up. Right. So that's the Cleveland Elementary School shooting.


Yeah. We're back. That was heavy. That was, this is one of those stories, especially in California that's just like, yeah, can't believe this actually happened. Well, what Sucks so bad. I mean, say this till their fucking faces turned red. But the fact that this happened in 1979, we're talking about, I'm talking about it in 2016 and it's still a topic that we must discuss and happens all the fucking time. Yes. I will say, based on the details of this case, I do think the father would have been held accountable nowadays. And I really like that the parents of shooters are being treated at, you know, as perpetrators as they should be. So this father who allegedly abusive father who bought her a very depressed daughter that he refused to let get treatment, then bought her a gun, a semi-automatic rifle for Christmas when she had asked for a radio.


Yeah. Like he should be held responsible. So should she. Of course. But Yeah. No, no, you're right. There's like, you can track how this happened and how clearly it was a path that could have been diverted. Right. Multiple times. I do wanna say though, back then, but especially now, the idea, it's like whoever's responsible on that end, our leadership and politicians in this country who have politicized this event, like it is one side against another. Yeah. As Opposed or it's political at all. That it's political at all. As opposed to we are letting children die at public schools.


We are letting teachers and children get murdered at school. Is it's reprehensible and insane and it has to stop. And just this, it's the idea of like, this concept has gone so far and we have been forced to get, we have gotten used to it. It is. Yeah. Crazy. Other countries look at us and go, this is disgusting. Yeah. Well What's so crazy too is that it's become a conversation. The, these manipulative people do this thing where they make the conversation about something else. So you're yelling about this when really that's not what it's about gun. It's not about gun rights. Right. They've politicized it and made us start yelling about gun rights when really it, that's not what this is about.


Right. This is about children not being slaughtered. Yes. You know what I mean? Like, when you're up here having the wrong conversation, the right conversation never gets brought up. Correct. And I think it's like they're saying you cannot have any adjustments on this. Right. 'cause any adjustment is, is a, a betrayal of Right. My experience Somehow, well, As a woman in the year 2024, let me talk to you about rights being violated, left, right, and center. Truly. Like truly, you've, you've gotta make adjustments and the, the idea that you don't want to, to the, to the detriment children just trying to learn. Like, you know, my sister and I have had multiple conversations.


She's been a grammar school teacher for 30 years. She teaches first graders like shooter drills and lockdown drills. Oh my God. It's a part of her life and it's absolutely disgusting. It's, it's like that kind of thing where we should stop adjusting to it and, And normalizing it. Okay. So does this case get, getting back to the story you just told, does this case have any updates now? It does. So in August of 2022, Brenda Spencer waived her right to a parole hearing until 2025. Which I guess some people do because they believe they won't be able to get parole anyway. So at the moment now it's 2024, she's still incarcerated at the California Institute for Women in Chino, California.


But she'll have another parole hearing next year. Hmm. Yeah. I mean I think in the story you say that she is known as like the grandmother of school shootings. Yeah. So I'm sure she's like, I'm probably not ever gonna get outta here. Well she does talk about that and I think I mentioned that, you know, that every time she hears about a school shooting, she's like, I am somehow also responsible for this. So it does seem like she has some remorse. Oh, alright. So now it's your story. This might be one of the like first times you were like, let's do an old timey story. So we are not like, so it's not so fresh. This is the kind of thing where it's like clearly we're starting to process what we're doing.


Right. How we're doing it, the effect of it. All of those things. Which is pretty interesting to, I mean, part of the reason it's kind of hard to look back. And then it's also kind of interesting 'cause it's like, well then how do you pivot if you're like, this is a concern I have all the time. Because, you know, we don't wanna make mistakes that we made in the early days. Right. And so suddenly it's like, but there are stories to tell and there is validity in telling them. Yeah. Like there's an evolution. So here is Karen's story about the deadly nurse nicknamed Jolly Jane Jane Hopin. Well, I, I took it back because of, I kind of wanted to do this anyway because when we talk about things, it's so funny that we fully do this podcast.


Love it, enjoy it. And yet bum ourselves out every week after we talk about our topics. So I was like, how about a little distance when we go back in history a little bit? Ooh. And we don't have to be so present day and so have to feel it so much. Yeah. So I went all the way back to 1885 too. So I have no feelings about That. Who gives a fuck? No. I Give Shit weird outfits and like high neck dresses and shit. Racism, All kinds of isms. The nurse, the deadly nurse, Jane Toppen is my person. You may have heard of her. She, She, it's okay to laugh at this 'cause it's from the 1850s.


That's right. Anything before 1900, you can laugh and laugh. She was an Irish immigrant whose mother died of tuberculosis when she was very young. And whose father a tailor was a well-known alcoholic and eccentric who some say after her mother's death tried to sew his eyelids shut because he was so insane with grief and alcoholism. Oh, what does that Have to do with anything? I mean, it's just like, this is this, it's just painting the picture of where we're even starting with this girl who's a child when this happens. Jesus. That is, it's some, some articles say it happened, some say it was a rumor and it was just basically everyone knew this dad was a nut.


That's how fucking crazy everything Was. He was super crazy. Yeah. It speaks more just to him and his reputation. The crazy Taylor up the street. So a few years later that dad drops off. Her name at the time was Honor Kelly and she's six years old and her sister is eight. And the dad drops them off at the Boston Female Asylum, which is a girl's orphanage documents from the asylum note that the two girls were quote, rescued from a very miserable home. Oh No honey. So yeah. So even if he wasn't crazy enough to do something, as totally saw the saw movie series as so his own eyelids together, it was bad news.


So after two years at that orphanage, an Nora Kelly, if I'm saying her name right, was placed as an indentured servant in the home of Mrs. Ann c Toppin of Lowell, Massachusetts. So She, this the, she was like eight of this or Ten eight years old. Eight years old. And she, can you imagine having a little servant Eight, an 8-year-old indentured servant maybe Like, can you go get me my fucking run my bath 8-year-old or, Or like probably scrub the dishes and like lift shit. Yeah. I mean like, they didn't care. This was 1885. Oh, That's so sick. They didn't give a fuck. Yeah. Kids had, kids were just like little humans. Yeah. This is when they were like, get them in the factory. 'cause their little arms can go into the machines.


Yeah. It was dark. Dude, this is also why I love Charles Dickens because all of his stories include all that like child labor shit, but true to life from roughly around this time. Yeah. Where it was like, fuck, we wouldn't know if it weren't for like those stories or be like the last thing that would ever happen to Yeah. Most children these days, at least in America. Right. Wanna hope. Yeah. Kind of. Anyway, so an Nora was never officially adopted by the Toppins, but she took their surname and eventually became known as Jane Toin. Which is so weird that you are like, I'm not part of the family, I'm just your fucking servant.


So I'm taking your last name. Yeah. I'm your lifelong child servant Jesus. Okay. Living in your house. So in 1885, she began training to be a nurse at Cambridge Hospital. So during her residency she used her patients as Guinea pigs in experiments with morphine and atropine. So she would basically go into patients who are like on more on a morphine drip and she would give them atropine, which I'm pretty sure is like an upper Oh. So she would play back and forth with sending them out and bringing them back over and over.


Oh My God. Just let them go to sleep. Yeah. No, she, 'cause she basically got sexual, she got aroused sexually from seeing people be brought to the brink of death and then come back and then go back. The fuck Does that have to do with sex? Well, so I think this might be shedding a light on some fucked up shit that happened to her beforehand. Somewhere in the past. I, I, if there's a book about her, I will read it. Itch got choked because she, some shit happened. Yeah. So she would do that to these patients and then get she, 'cause she kind, you know, like wanted to see like how it affected them, but also would get into bed with them and hold them as it was happening.


She told police after her arrest that she got a sexual thrill from being near patients when they were being next to patients when they were near death, coming back to life and then dying. Wow. And so she, this is by her own admission that this, this got her off. Okay. Which is, you know, everybody's into something Aren't they though? So she would get, she would administer the drug and then she'd get into bed with them and hold them close to her as they die. What? And then this article says that this is rare for female serial killers. They usually kill for material reasons.


Sexist Bullshit Or that the on average. Yeah. It's not sexual satisfaction. That's, that's man's domain. Yeah. Which, you know, and so in a way I am proud of Jane because she Yeah. Broke that glass ceiling. Yeah. And did and she got hers. Sorry, that's wrong. So she didn't get caught, I guess because she was recommended for Massachusetts General Hospital in 1889, which this article says is prestigious. And there she killed a couple more people. And then, and so She was actually killing people, like as like, 'cause it sounds like she was Bringing them back, but certain people she wasn't bringing back.


She did, she would bring them back a couple times, but ultimately let them die. And that's when that's what got her off. Oh, okay. So it was like she would play with it and that would be like, you know, crazy. But I guess didn't get caught and kind of was able to cover it up. I read a thing about how she kind of messed with the charts. So everything was a little, you know Yeah. It was back then it was just like, yeah, people die. Yeah. Whatever. And I think no one would, no one would suspect a woman. No one would suspect a nurse. Sure. You know, so she goes to Mass General and then kills more people and then gets fired. So probably like someone was sharp and on it and a little bit like, eh, too many people have died. Yeah. Under your watch.


So then she went back to Cambridge, but she got dismissed for prescribing opiates recklessly, which is like, how is a nurse prescribing anything? But I guess that's how they did it back then. She sounds fun. She sounds like she parties and she forces other people to party. Sure. To their death. To death. Just like a fraternity. So then she of course, what's her natural next step if she gets fired as a, a nurse at a hospital? Private nurse. Private nursing is exactly right. Georgia. Yeah, that's right. Girl, girl. Mine a killer right here. That's right. So she, she flourished as a private nurse despite complaints of petty thefts.


So, so Jane could handle her shit. She had her hands everywhere. She had all kind kinds of, and they were going, but she is a good nurse. But you know what, she gives me a bath real good. Yeah. So then as a private nurse, that's when she really starts her poisoning spree. Whoa. In 1895, she killed her landlords, which is a great, I mean, fair solution. We've all been there. Yeah. In 1899 she killed her foster sister Elizabeth with Strick nine. Aw. Which is I think a very painful way to go. Yeah. It's no morphine atrophy, no ride. It's no 99. It's, it's no 99. Good morning. Yeah. So we, like, in 1901, she moved in with a fam, the Davis family because the elderly patriarch was Alden Davis and his wife had died.


And so she was there to take care of him and his old age. Well it turns out she killed his wife. That's why she got the job. Holy shit. So within weeks she had killed the, the patriarch of the family, Alden Davis and two of his daughters within weeks. Honey, you're being so obvious, honey, pace yourself, dude, pace yourself. This is, this is a marathon, not a sprint. Like one per family is what you get. I mean, you do know people catch on Right. To like mass murdering and entire family. Yeah. So after that happened, she moved back to her hometown and began hoarding her late foster sister, Elizabeth's husband.


So she's like, took, I thought you said hoarding. She was hoarding into herself, herself. She was hoarding And it was all over the House. So That's shitty. She then kills his sister. Oh God. And then poisons him so she could earn his love by nursing him back to health for Fuck's sake. And then she, when that didn't work, she poisoned herself out of, to, to try to garner his sympathy. Actually, that's kind of smart. But it didn't work. Okay. And So, he cast her out of the house, which is something people did in the late 18 hundreds.


She was cast out even Though she was sick. Well, she got over it. Yeah. Because she, she probably gave herself the tiniest little bit of strict niner Snicky snack of strict nine. Just Put a little bit on top of her biscuit. So the rest of the davises who hadn't been terribly murdered in that house, ordered a toxicology exam on the youngest daughter that she, that had died. And they found that she had been poisoned. And so they put a police detail on good old Jane Toppen. And on October 26th, 1901, she was arrested for murder. And by 1902 she confessed to 31 murders.


Holy shit. Yeah, girl. And she's quoted, this is one of the reasons that I picked this story. Yeah. And it just ma it made me laugh. It kind of makes me like her. There's something about this that I'm IG that I'm being a little ridiculous because This, the victim's, it's like three generations later. So it's Like Right. We, I, there's no guilt, no angry letter from a, a Davis. Yeah. How dare you. So she was quoted, she told the cops that her ambition was to quote, to have killed more people, helpless people than any other man or woman who ever lived.


Wow. It's what she wanted. And she tried her best. Well, did she know, like did she have a reason why? Like was she, did she think she was helping hopeless people? I don't think, I think there's some Angel of death nurse types that do you think they're helping? Or like the doctor that I did, Peter, Robert, Peter Pinkerton, Pinker, Pink Woodward, Richard Woodward, Richard Words. Yeah. Pink Richard Word. Yeah. That guy I think was trying to convince himself. It was like, if they're a little older, take him out before they suffer. Yeah. But he was getting like early 70 year olds. Yeah, no, he, I mean, I guess I was saying he was probably rationalizing it to himself a little bit.


Right? Yeah. Yeah. But that couldn't have been the real reason. No, but this one, no, she, I think she just got, literally got off like on helpless People And killing people and, and taking advantage of helpless people. Which is the creepiest Damn dude. I bet. Like there's gotta be something like by the time you're six and you've lived in this fucking depraved fucked up household world, and then you move to a fucking school for girls in Boston. So it's, you know, probably real fucked up. Yeah. You just don't have any empathy anymore. I mean, hit yourself in the head of the swing at that point because you're Dundee. Yep. Her sister, her older sister stayed in the, in that orphanage like a couple years longer than her and then basically eventually became a prostitute and died of alcoholism in the gutters.


So, so she got the better of the two lives. She really, she went out and she made a life for herself. But I feel like yeah, those, those, the Kelly family of the, of the Taylor, the famous crazy Taylor Kelly, they didn't have much of a chance. It was dark. No. Angela's asha style darkness Don't date anyone ever. Like, that's, don't invite anyone into your home. Easy for you to say you're married. He could be a fucking serial killer for all I know. What if he was, he's not. He's totally not. He's not. You know. And if he is, what a great episode that'll be. I've had a great run. You've Had a great life. So. he gave everything, gave some great nightgowns up until the point that he murders you.


He's been so good to you. Yeah. If He murders me without me knowing that it's him that murdered me, then I'm, I die happy. Oh my God. You'll just go out in your sleep. Yeah. Like an ax in the back of your head. Sure. Listen, on June 23rd, 1902, two. No, no, no. This is the end of it. Okay. She was found not guilty by reason of insanity. Whoa. At the Barnes stable County courthouse. But she was committed for life in Taunton Insane hospital. Yeah. And then she died August 17th, 1938. Whoa. So she lived in the mental hospital for quite some time. What would you give To go fucking have a chitchat with her?


Just be like, listen Jane. Hi. I know that's not your real name, Jane. She's Like, Hey, you want a sneaky snack? Yeah. No thanks. No. I brought my home in the, in the Ziploc bag. Yeah. Just wanna know what happened. Did your dad sew his eye shot with leather shoe laces? I'm adding that part 'cause it's so disgusting. He was A tailor. So I bet there were clean stitches. I bet, I bet he did it real quick. And it was only like 12 bucks, Which is 24 bucks in our, in today's standards. In the post intern. That's crazy. What was her name? Her name's Jane Toppen. Fuck dude. And I'm sure there's much more, there's much more to know about her.


Yeah. I really do wanna read like a full on book. Yeah. I'm sorry I can't give you every, all of the No, that's a good sum. I feel like there's lots more information to be had. I just don't have it. How pissed are the topp ends that she moved in with? They're like, we gotta change our fucking name now. 'cause this is our legacy. Well Also yeah, too. You know what? Too bad then maybe don't hire 8-year-old indentured servants. You Did actually. Yeah. You're right. You Get, you deserve all of it. And more you Need deserve your bad name. Also. What if something happened to her in that? Like that's where it kicked off. Like she was like, everything's terrible. Everything's terrible. Okay now Yeah, this orphanage. Okay, well at least I have this job as an 8-year-old. And then things really kick off at the toppins house. It's like rape city Or Yeah.


Or like dark. I mean, what, who hires an 8-year-old indentured servant? Yeah. You creep, you old rich creeps. Yeah. God damnit. Yeah. Everything is fucked. I don't know. I see the, I don't know, You see the positive. I see the light at the end of the stone. I guess you probably live longer than anyone else did. I also think of like, what if you're laying in the hospital and you're like, you feel terrible. And then you're like, oh yeah. Morphine drip. Yeah. And then you're like, whoa, now I'm on speed. And you're like this hot nurse. Let's pretend she's hot. This hot nurse is laying next to me. Fuck. Yeah. She actually isn't bad looking. There's a really great picture of her in Wikipedia and she's actually attractive looking.


But there is, she got the kind of like, she got the eyes where you're like, oh, you don't wanna be in the bathroom with her At the same time, she's one of those people that, you know, she'd immediately start talking to you real close. Crazy eyes. Can I borrow your mascara? No. No. You can't. Back at three steps back, Jane. Yeah. We're not, we're Not doing This. We're not best friends immediately. No. God. And that's not sanitary. That's crazy. That's a good one. I like, I like old ones. I do too sometimes. It's a nice break. Yeah, We should do a couple. We should throw them in there. 'cause it's been real depressing lately. I know. Let's do you know, what do you wanna do next week? A theme of like really, really old ones.


Like Yeah. Weirdly from the 15 hundreds or something. Oh, like oldie times. Yeah. Like weird old. Like, did you ever see in the name of the Rose with Sean Connery? No, it's a real good movie. But it's Sean Connery and Christian Slater. Actually. What'd those Two people don't belong together? I know it works. Okay. They're monks and they, they go to this creepy, I mean, I don't even know. It could be a much earlier year. I don't know anything. It is like the dark ages and they go to this monastery or where priests are, is it a monastery? Okay. That's, that's nuns. They go to where priests live because they're, these priests keep dying in weird ways and they have to investigate Sean Connery.


I think it's during the Spanish Inquisition, whenever that was. I love all that Shit. Me too. And you like I, the first time I saw it I was in high school, but I was like, this is fucking fascinating. 'cause it was like, it was back when like murder was a little bit normal. Yeah. And you didn't live very long, so it wasn't like you took a ton outta their lives. Right. But they've always been serial killers. Yeah. Let's do, let's do, let's say the 15 hundreds and then do anything around there. Okay. Like between four 13 and 17. Let's say the 15 hundreds. Then get within a 700 year mark of that.


Okay. We're back. Karen, any case updates on this? Very old case? Jane Hopin died in 1938. Oh, that's a, that's one. It is funny to think about that. It is an interest of like historical true crime and like, oh, this is something that human beings have been doing to each other since the dawn of man. And we can be talking about this in a way that feels a little less risky. Or you know, a little less like we're going to mishandle something. Yeah. Which is cool. But then also it's like, it's very strange where we've done I, is it Harold Shipman? I mean like, yeah. It's like there's these repeat stories of certain types of serial killers or mass murders where it, you think of it only as starting now or starting in the eighties or something.


And it's like, oh no, Jane was Jane. They think she might have killed a hundred people. Wow. I think it is. Yeah. Wild. I mean this is like exactly why Buried Bones is such a good show too, I think. Yeah. Or such a popular show is because people wanna hear about these, you know, that things were just as fucking bad. Yes. In the past. Well, and if you haven't listened to Buried Bones, you absolutely should. 'cause not just 'cause we're fans of Kate Winkler Dawson and Paul Holes. Yeah. But the idea of people taking modern day, like forensic science Yeah. And, and then Kate's historical, like research brain and applying them to these old cases that up until this point have just kind of been sitting there.


We are imagining that they're just sitting there. Yeah. It's like, wait, you could move forward on this. This could be solved. Or it could be, we could get to a, an actual answer. Yeah. Analyzing it with like, you know, today's science Pretty cool. Fascinating. Yeah. All right. Well, is that it? Oh, I think it's, this episode was originally titled because 7, 8, 9. But we have some options of, of what it actually could be named. Okay. So Sleep Helping podcast, which I think it kind of is Some I, I hear from a lot of people that I meet who listen that they fall asleep listening to it. Or at least try to, It's very romantic.


I'm very honored. I'm always wearing a tomato, red house dress as I podcast sleep helping now I need a sleep helping podcast. Yeah. There's also the title Girl, it's Working, which is me saying to you that you're trying to seduce me by wearing that red house dress and I'm letting you know. Yes girl. I see, I see You. I mean, this isn't sexy by the way. This is a grandma. That's my fuck. House dresses are like your grandma's calf mumu. Yeah. And this is that. But like my knees are maybe showing so. Right. There's nothing seductive about it. But It didn't really seem to be at the time I think that's, that's the brilliance of our comedy. There's a lot of opposite c comedy. Oh, I love it. All right. Well, thank you guys for listening to another episode of Rewind.


We appreciate it so much. Stay sexy And don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie? Ah.