
This is exactly right.


We all have a different way of unwinding. Maybe it's taking a long bath or journaling. For some of us, relaxing means diving into a good old fashioned murder mystery from the 1920s. Enter June's journey, the mobile game. That takes you on a thrilling adventure filled with secrets. And intrigue, immerse yourself in the glamorous 1920s, filled with mystery, danger, And romance, with hundreds of mind teasing puzzles, the next clue is always within reach. Step into the shoes of June Parker, A determined young woman on a quest to solve her sister's murder. Customize your own luxurious estate island, decorating with beautiful buildings, And, expansive gardens, escape reality. And. Dive into a captivating story where each chapter reveals thrilling new storylines. And hidden family secrets. Connect with fellow detectives And. Share your progress in the game's vibrant community. Get tips, exchange ideas. And. Enjoy the comradery of fellow investigators. Download June's journey for free on iOS, And, Android And channel, your inner detective. Can you crack the case? Download June's journey for free today on iOS And. Android, goodbye


Woman of the Hour is the stranger than fiction. Story of an aspiring actress in 1970s, Los Angeles, whose life intersects with a serial killer in the midst of a year's long murder spree when she's cast on an Episode of the dating game based on a true story. And. Directed by Academy Award nominee Anna Kendrick. Watch Woman of the Hour, only on Netflix. October 18, rated r


Hello And. Welcome To Rewind with Karen. And Georgia. This is our new Wednesday bonus Episode, where we rewind back to our old episodes. And give you our new point of view on them. That's right, And. Today we're revisiting Episode 15. That's called Definitely Not. Episode 16, which will be clear in a moment. Why from Thursday, May 5th, 2016. So now it's time for you. Reach out to your favorite psychic or a mysterious introvert, or your kooky Aunt And. Invite them all to listen, because we all get to be day one listeners. Now. That's Right. Three episodes a week, you guys. So let's get into It.


Here's the intro of Episode 15 called Definitely Not Episode 16. We're recording. We're recording. Yep. A podcast. What Episode of my favorite murder is this. This one's Episode 15 one five. one a one in a five. That Comes after the number 14. That's right. Which by the way, congratulations on picking That. Amazing. Ooh. God. Thank you. Thank you. I. Feel. like the spirit of Prince was with me when I wrote, That, You Sexy mother 14. Yeah. It was perfect. Yeah. I need. I. Wanted It to be an homage to the man. That. We. Lost And. Yet at the same time, still serve no purpose for what We are trying to get. Done, which is let people know what we're talking about on our podcast.


Well, They really have no way of knowing And, so they have to listen. It's a myster. It's a mystery wrapped in an enigma called My Favorite Murder. Welcome everybody. That's Georgia Hard stark. That's Karen Kilgar. This is Episode 15, which We didn't realize until five minutes ago. We thought It was Episode 16 this whole time, which is why. Why would we both do That? Which is why this episode's theme is murders. That happened 16 years ago. We know Episode Now. Makes no sense. Ugh. Except That. I. Mean I. Guess we could have just Done millennial murders. And said That. We meant to do It. And. It was because we wanted murders. That, were in 2000.


But we're not gonna pretend That. We're smarter than we are. Let's not try to cover any of our flaws or blemishes. This is, this is what makes us us Yeah. This is we're human beings. We have no support. Right? We. Don't even have one person That could go. Hey guys. Nice conversation about the 16th Episode. Why don't you save That for next week? Yeah. This is the 15th. Episode. Like we've said from the very beginning, we're not experts on anything Except for our own feelings, right? We are Yeah. We're sl amateur sleuths with numbers. And murders. Yep. That have stumbled into a conversational podcast about the thing we love the most.


Death. Death. Death. Do you think your anxiety ever true crime has like subsided a little since this podcast started? You know what's funny? Georgia, Hard stark. Tell me, tell me, Karen I don't have That much anxiety about true crime. You, you have the, when you talk about It, it's like It seems to me to be like a thing. That releases your anxiety, which I relate to. But I more have a, a morbid fascination. That borders on I. Think I might want to do this. Like that's, that's the dance That. I'm dancing kill people kind of a little bit. Ooh. I mean, not genuinely, but in That way of like, this is an option That's concerning to me, sitting in a room alone with you, Just in That way of like I Feel.


like that's the genuine truth. That, I should state, I get It. It's like That thing of like, I could steer my car off this road right now. Over a bridge. Exactly. Or have you ever heard That thing where it's a very real thing. Pilots cannot look at the ground when they're flying airplanes, or they'll fly the airplane into the ground. Yeah it's called, I'm making this up completely right now. It's called So home. Like ground hypnosis. There's the word hypnosis is in It. That sounds right, but It's basically the thing of like, if you look at It, you'll do It. 'cause your brain knows it's not supposed to. Right? Also like jumping off, if you're on a tall building, you have to like not stand near the ledge because you might just fucking throw yourself over The ledge. You know this. There was an amazing conversation, That, you got into on the Facebook page.


This is all unwanted thoughts. Ooh, Yeah or Dangerous thoughts. That was great. I loved That conversation. It was so fucking cool. And, as I was reading. It, I, I. You know, I don't, I wouldn't say I suffer from That as a real disorder or like So home. That really I have to deal with every day. But I also kept thinking as I was reading It, I. Feel. like, that's a very human thing to have I understand That. The people That we're talking about, are talking about, it's problematic. And. It's like in, it's interrupting their Lives. The unwanted thoughts of, of killing That. They might accidentally kill someone Or all those things. It was like jumping off a jumping off of So home. Yeah or, but I had It really bad. I know that's a side effect of having anxiety.


'cause when I got, I got very convinced. When my niece was like three or four That, she was going to die. Yeah, And. I was I got very obsessive about It. My sister would be like, Ooh. I dropped her off at Eileen's to go swimming. And. I'd be like, are she's gonna fucking drown. There's I was like, I would get really upset. And be like, why aren't you staying there? Yeah And. She's like, what's wrong with you? And. I finally had to tell her. I felt so crazy. And I finally had to tell my sister, like, I'm just convinced That, she's gonna die. And. My sister goes, Ooh, Yeah. So my every day, that's part of It. Ooh, And. Then I just went Ooh. Like Ooh. Ooh. That's just the fear of like Loss. I have That every day with someone. With anyone. Yeah. Like with Vince. I'm just like mentally preparing myself for So home happening.


And. It's like just terrible. And not fun. And, But I. Think that's a hu I. Guess my only point is I. Think it's a very human Yeah thing to put yourself through. Yeah. And I. Know It. You wanna be ready? And I know it's, it's just an anxiety issue too. Yeah And. I'm aware of It. So It doesn't like take over my life. But I love the fact That That Facebook page can actually be a place where people get to talk about stuff like That. Totally And. Find other people to go. You're, I'm totally with you, Yeah. It's awesome. Yeah I. Get That I. Like That a lot's. Very cool. Totally. And I, And speak. Well, we're on the topic. We'll just say this. Speaking for officially for this podcast. We only wanna use our Facebook page to talk positively about what we like or what we are scared of, or what we're going through.


We do not endorse anybody talking shit on other podcasts on our Facebook page. Yeah, it's gotten a little weird where it's become a topic in And of itself. Yeah Yeah. The bottom line is We have no interest in talking shit on other podcasts. Yeah at all. We. So please don't do It. We Only, we only mention the podcast We. Like, because guys, there's room for Everyone. Yeah, And. If you don't fucking like It, don't listen to It. Don't Listen to It. But certainly don't bring It over to our Facebook page to talk about. 'cause it's not, it's not So home. We wanna endorse or even be a part of. Do you think That people who aren't on the Facebook page are sick of hearing about the wonderful, beautiful, awesome Facebook page? I'm positive they are.


It's like being like the girl at my school said Yeah. That's basically what It is. Yeah God. I. Can't wait till we're selling the T-shirts. It's so soon. Ooh. That's right. Georgia has really hustled. It up And. She's gotten some T-shirt designs. Ready? Yeah, And, I. Think how soon. Hopefully In the next week, That. So it's gonna be a pre-order. Yes. And. Then they'll all get sent out in like two weeks. So if you will, the pre-order will be open. Then it'll be closed. Then it'll be open again. And. Then you know what happens after things close, they open again. They open again. Always. That's a cycle of Life. And. That's the official, my favorite murder T-shirt. Yeah That, we're gonna have for you. First One. Very Exciting. Yep. So, hey, so what happened 16 years ago?


And, how does That relate to our 15th Episode Millennial murders? Millennial Y two K. Y two. Y two what? Y two murder. Now I'm now I'm thinking, would I have had better luck if I had looked through 1999 murders, Yeah. Because 2000 was like when I was trying to go through all of the date or all of the stuff. That happened. Yeah, That whole year. It was hard. And also, It was like, it's weird. The news. The news That came up. I did find a really good mass murder from a death cult. Ooh. But It was in Uganda. Yeah. It was the So home. Along the lines of like the holy order of the live by the tongue commandments of God.


Cult And. Like o over 250 people died. And It was basically kind of their modern version of the Jim Jones Yeah. Jonestown And. I've been looking at photos from That a lot lately From Jonestown Yeah. Why are they all found Face down. They're all face down facing towards I. Think someone posed them after they died. You Do Yeah. So everything looked uniform. It Looked mellow. And not a big fucking mess. I. Think That. You know, people stayed alive after, or the, or the army. That, That. They had the local army posed Everyone. Ah. Because if you look at the photos, they're all, it's almost like they are laying down with their heads facing Jim Jones', like Throne thrown his weirdo throne.


Yeah And. They, some of 'em have their arms around each other. It's like very orderly And. It's so creepy. It's the creepiest. I've heard I would say 20 seconds of That tape, of Ooh God of him talking. Don't do That to yourself. Listen to The whole thing you did Ooh. I've Done It multiple times. What? What? I am so curious, because I'm so fascinated by That. one Ooh. Even the tiny moment That I Listen to I can replay in my head. Ooh. it feels like verbatim. I Listen to It. And I. Read the transcripts. And I read a bunch. There was an a MA on Reddit by a woman who was a survivor or who got out, like got out a couple months before. But her mom, And brother died in there.


'cause they were high ups Yeah. So she was talking about what happened. She Listen to the tape. And was like, here's what, what? Here's what people were saying. And. Here's what they meant. Who was saying what? It's so fascinating to me. It's really the, the thing, the fact That It happened in San Francisco. Like close to where I grew up. Yeah And. There was a bunch of people of all walks of life trying to start a utopia. Yeah I mean That. Every element of It is such an amazing, horrifying story. Yeah It just is so like, it's this classic, don't go to a second location for real with someone named Jim Jones. You know? Or A hippie. The 30 rock joke.


Right? Exactly. Or the Stel I was just reading today about how the David Misko wife, Shelly Misko is like missing as fuck. Yep. For years. For years. And, they finally put out a police report for her missing persons. But there's some like compound where they keep like high ups And, like just torture them constantly In Florida. Yeah I. Think so. So she's probably there. So don't go. Don't say you go somewhere else with someone. No, Don't go anywhere. Don't go anywhere. Don't leave your house. Stay In your apartment. You know, That makes me think they have got to rescind the religious tax status for Scientology God. It's been proven That. It's not an actual religion.


It's insane. That. It's basically a humongous pyramid scheme. I, apologize if it's your religion. And, you're offended right now. I this I. Don't think they don't, don't want you to be mad at me. But you're in a cult. Call your dad or someone. That can help you. Your parents actually love you. Even if, Even if they're a disappointed. What is disappointed in You? I mean? This really did make me laugh. I really enjoyed myself at the beginning of this. Episode, It's so funny because it's so us We just didn't know It yet. That, we were incorrect about a basic, a really basic thing Incorrect about our own idea about like our own show wrote Yeah.


I mean we could have got like, we could've Done It in a way of like, no, we wanted to do stories from the year 2000. That. Makes sense. But 16 years ago. 'cause it's the 16th. A like what? Why are you complicating things? Yeah We're being super specific. And. We basically just raised the bar way too high. And we're like, Ooh. Wait, we're not in track. And field. Why do we haven't, we haven't practiced for this at all. What are We doing? Have you seen the guy, the meme of the guy trying to jump over the, what's It called when he jumps over the thing, The high jump Yeah When he jumps high That thing. What's That in the called The Air Yeah? The high jump And. It says like me trying to quit drinking And. He just like, runs, runs, runs to It. And then just like dives onto the, like onto the platform.


Like doesn't even try to jump over. It Is That a pole vault is That what you're trying to talk about. That's the one that's not a high jump. That's a pole vault. Wow. I. He's like, really need to Study my, that's the thing in the ground. And. Then just like falls. There was also a guy from the Olympics who Ooh Yeah knocked the pole out because of his big dick. Ooh. I. Did you see That? I? I saw That. I mean congratulations to him. Listen, sex sells And. What people of the globe need right now is a little entertainment. Like, What are the chances we don't know him? Pe Maybe he wouldn't have won gold or anything. So like he actually won the whole day. Really? Yeah, that's the thing. It's the virality.


That. People can't anticipate where it's like Ooh. No, you yourself are compelling. Yeah. We're just going to latch onto you. I think that's a good thing to keep in mind is like, when you're striving for a goal, And, this is the thing you wanna accomplish so much. Like, don't forget, there are other things. That could happen. That could be even better. For example, Yes, you start a true crime podcast, Yeah, For example. You start a True Crime podcast, And, then you start saying these weird quotes in your fucking Episode And. They become t-shirts like this. Episode has a couple gems. It has, look, listen for the first time, right? Yeah And. You're in Oc cult call your dad. Which that's right. Another non to our complete naivety, right? Of like, are you literally in your 15th Episode talking shit about the biggest religious power in Los Angeles.


Strangely enough, like you're going after really I mean you should Definitely on your way there. You might hit gold somewhere else. You n you never know. You just Don't know. There's so much like looking, some of these quotes are very painful from this Episode. 'cause we're like, you know when fifth graders start getting funny? Mm. Because they're like, they're not babies anymore. They're figuring out how to be funny. And, make the adults actually laugh. Not like, not just clap trap. You have to 'cause it's a baby Yeah And. That's the feeling I have. Where we're like, Ooh, we're really gonna like, we're really gonna get out over our skis, And, you know, make some comedy about this stuff.


Where I'm just like, what We did what We said. What? These are two gnarly stories for sure. That we're covering as well. So like, you know, there's no, there's no lightheartedness at all going on. We We didn't, haven't learned. We hadn't learned yet. It took maybe 400 episodes to learn. That, I, Feel. like, you know, there's a very distinct time when we learned And. It's very soon coming up because we just save all That for the top. Like we learn That, basically Yeah where it's just like you just keep in the lane. Yeah stop. It. Essentially Yeah. But I also think it's funny, the double layer of That We. Were trying to do Y two K murders, which, so that's why We got obsessed over 16 years.


And then kind of lost the math on which Episode Yeah We were actually recording, which is really funny. But then just simply That idea, y two K murders. Where it's like as if that's what was going on culturally at Y two K, you where It's like you're saying we didn't have our finger on the pulse of the, of a generation. By 16 years later doing Y two K murders, Grabbing at numbers. And years. And. Just like, this'll be good. What if This is good? We didn't understand the algorithm yet. Okay, And. Now we don't. Still no And. Now We realize, fight the algorithm with all of your heart And soul. That's, that's great. Put That on our fucking T-shirt. Yeah. Okay. So in this Episode Georgia is gonna cover the set of Gaia family murders.


This is intense And, of course. A Cole's case. Yep. Here we go.


We all have a different way of unwinding. Maybe it's taking a long bath or journaling. For some of us, relaxing means diving into a good old fashioned murder mystery from the 1920s. Enter June's journey. The mobile game. That takes you on a thrilling adventure filled with secrets. And intrigue, immerse yourself in the glamorous 1920s, filled with mystery, danger, And romance, with hundreds of mind teasing puzzles, the next clue is always within reach. Step into the shoes of June Parker. A determined young woman on a quest to solve her sister's murder. Customize your own luxurious estate island, decorating with beautiful buildings. And, expansive gardens, escape reality. And. Dive into a captivating story where each chapter reveals thrilling new storylines. And hidden family secrets. Connect with fellow detectives. And. Share your progress in the game's vibrant community. Get tips, exchange ideas. And. Enjoy the comradery of fellow investigators. Download June's journey for free on iOS, And, Android And channel, your inner detective. Can you crack the case? Download June's journey for free today on iOS And, Android. Goodbye.


Imagine what's possible when learning doesn't get in the way of life. At Capella University, our game changing, FlexPath learning format lets you set your own deadline so you can learn at a time. And pace. That works for you. It's an education you can tailor to your schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to pursue your professional goals. Instead, enjoy learning your way. And, earn your degree without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more at Capella. do edu.


Do you wanna go first? do you want me to go first? I. Think I. Think I went first last time. Didn't I Yeah you did Yeah. So I. I looked up a ton of murders. And I was like, kind of like this is, there's not a lot of great 2000 murders. That just like have a lot of information in them. You know, we basically Painted ourselves into a corner. We totally did. We need to stop doing That need to, like We need to stop immediately. We need to stop texting each other on Sunday. And being like, or like Monday. Hey, what's the topic? Don? Don't know. What do you want the topic to be? Don. Don't know. You mentioned this. Okay, let's do That Yeah. We need to stop Doing That I. Think we need to go back to our original gut feeling of I. Need to talk about this guy I. Think let's try That next week. Or women Yeah. Let's try That. Let's try That. 'cause I have a couple That. I really wanna get to That would have to be really weird.


And specific, like topic. Yeah. We don't have to do That. Okay, let's do That. Nobody gives a shit. But I did find I ended up finding a really good one. That I do never had heard about And. I'm really excited to talk about 'cause it's fucked up. And weird. Wonderful. It's the S of Gaia. Family murders. Mm. Okay. I. Don't think I've heard of That On the morning of December 31st, 2000. So I have a fucking day. Like I'm a day away. You're Under, basically just made the cut. They Just made the cut of under the radar in a home in Tokyo's Saga Award. Miki Miyazawa, who's 44, his 40 one year old wife, Yasuko. Their 8-year-old daughter, And, Nina, And, 6-year-old son Ray, were found dead in their home.


The son had been strangled And. The other three were stabbed to death. Ooh. So the killer or killers, which isn't brought up a lot, but I'm kind of, I'll tell you more about That. Okay. Enters through the bathroom window upstairs. And goes to the son's room. He smothers the little boy in his sleep. How old, sorry. 6-year-old Ooh And. Then this father Mki had been working in the study on the first floor. Perhaps he heard So home. So he climbs the stairs where he encounters the home invader. They fight And then. So the father's body is found at the bottom of the stairwell. Stab to death. The killer had brought a sashimi knife with him, which is a very long, thin blade. They're really fucking sharp. And.


The killer And father fought at the staircase. And the killer damaged his knife in the process. Hmm? The killer then attacked the mother, Yasuko And, their 8-year-old daughter, Nina. It's Nina with two eyes. So Don don't know if that's supposed to be So home else. So they were sleeping together. And the third floor loft of the house. He couldn't finish the job because his knife was broken. So he leaves, And goes to the kitchen to get another knife. And. It's the family's first aid kit was found open at the scene with some of the daughter's blood on the bandages. So It seems like when the killer walked out of the room, they thought like maybe he was leaving And. So the mom starts bandaging up the Ooh. That's the wounds. Horrible. But he comes off to finish them off.


But he has to cover their faces with cloth because while he's killing them, he can't look at them And yet. He, it's not a simple murder. He like, it's a pretty brutal murder Yeah. So it's not like he couldn't look at them just to kill them really quickly. Which is weird. That's super weird. And. It's almost like it's personal. Like he must know them or So home one would think anyways, or he doesn't want them to look at him. Let's see. Which means he's might be having feelings, which means he's probably not a psychopath, Right? Maybe, but, but may. Right? But then, then, okay, he continued to stab their bodies after they were dead.


Hmm. Okay. Based on their stomach contents. The time the family's death was placed at 11:30 PM And, the murderer was injured at some point. 'cause his blood was found on band bandages. But after killing the family, he didn't leave. He stayed there overnight. Ooh, he ate contents of, from the fridge, And. He wandered around the house eating popsicles, like discarding them in the trash can. And the study. And the two other wrappers in the kitchen. So he was just chilling Out. He was literally just chilling out. He, he spent time, he went logged onto their, their computer between midnight And one am he browsed the internet for five minutes.


Visited The, where'd he go? Buzzfeed? Well, actually, they know he went to the theater company, which was a bookmark by the, by the wife. Hmm. And. He tried to buy tickets. What the Fuck? And his, his, his fingerprints was found on the mouse, but not the keyboard. So maybe he was just like clicking things. That were already on the computer. But He is, what is he thinking? No, if fingerprints can only be on keyboards, Yeah, but maybe he was clicking with his palm on the mouse. It's so weird. The thought process of this person doesn't make any sense. Okay. And. Then again, sometime in the morning, he used the computer for four minutes. He visited the webpage of the father's company. And, the, the, the daughter's school or the son's school.


And. He killed the power to the, the computer by pulling out the court, which he, he took with him from the crime scene in the living room. Credit cards, bank books, driver's license, And, other personal identifying information were spread out as if the suspect had been sorting through them. And, the second floor bathtub, more scattered papers were located such as receipts item from the mother's school. Towels, sanitary products used to stop his bleeding. And other garbage. So he is got a maxi pad on his stabbed arm or whatever. Yeah. Okay. He also And, this is information That, I don't know. They, he used the restroom. And didn't flush. So they have like, they know like his meal. But That, he ate before he came. Sorry. Which is like, dude, these people in Tokyo were like hardcore detectives.


Yeah. Ooh. That's terrible. Whose department Who gets That job? That sucks. Yeah someone very low on the totem pole. Okay? At some point, the killers took a nap on the couch in the living room. So he must have known like No. one was coming home. one, one was expecting them. No one was like gonna come over like, 'cause his, the, the mother of the mother of the, the, the, the wife lived next door. And in like attached house. So he, how did he know she wasn't gonna come over? And like hang out. Do you think he didn't know she was there? Or And? He's just like, I mean. 'cause possibly Yeah murder an entire family. You probably are crazy in some way. Yeah. So It would make sense. That, you're just like, I'll be crazy.


And, chill out. And be a weirdo. Yeah No One will even come over. Okay. Yeah sometime around 10. Okay. Yeah, you solved It. Okay, Yeah, no I agree. It's, this is a weird, this case is really interesting because there's so many clues that'll get to That. It should be, It should be solved, or there should be a really specific profile of this killer. But I think all the clues are so weird. That, they That, they sully That, they make It even harder, right? So around 10 38 to 10 45, the family computer received an email. That had a required password to open, which means the family was still alive by them. And then. But they must have been killed after midnight. Before midnight.


But didn't you say he broke in in the morning? No. Ooh. Okay, sorry. He broke. I thought It was like an all day torture thing. No, no, no. He broke in the evening. Okay, good. Good Yeah. Good Yeah. Really great. Okay, so here's what's going on. There's, there's a skate park right across the street. That had just opened up from the family's house. And, they were annoyed by the noise. And. They had already been planning to move because of It. And a witness reports seeing Makia, arguing with the skateboarders. A few days before the crime, And, another witness reported seeing the father arguing with a bike. Gang member or bike gang crew. So he left behind a bunch of clothing.


That That looked like a skater would wear And. The police were also able to determine the cologne the suspect wore, which is a favorite brand of skateboarders. What I know. Weird, right? So speaking of the stuff he left behind, let's see. do, do do do, do in the pock. Okay. So trace amounts of a red fluorescent agent were found on the suspect's clothing. 'cause he left all of his clothing behind. He folded up Kneely his clothing. And left It behind, which is like And. They were able to find so much information from That. That. It seems like a setup. And It seems like a setup. They found they were able to find sand in his pockets.


That, they were able to conclude. That. It was from the Edwards Air Force place in, in Las Vegas, Nevada. What, like, that's how specific they were able to get, which has led a lot of people to think That. Maybe his pa This guy was a skateboarder. And. His parents were working in the military. They also did DNA testing on him. And were able to tell That he's mixed race with the mother of southern European descent. And a father, most likely Korean. So he is mixed race Korean. So he could easily be from outside The country, right? So maybe his parents, maybe his father or his mother worked on the Air Force base, transferred to Japan, which means his fingerprints wouldn't be on file.


Because normally if you come to, if you come to Tokyo or you come to Japan, your fingerprints are taken, right? Anyways. So he wouldn't be if he was just a kid of the military. Yeah. Okay da. So this red fluorescent agent found on the suspect's clothing indicates That. The su suspect. Suspect was involved in stage prop design, where this particular chemical is used. And, it's not So home the family had or would have had had around And That Trace amounts were also found in the garage. However, there was no indication the suspect had ever been in the garage. This led investigators to believe That the suspect may have had contact with the family prior to the killing. And, remember That, he went to a page That, she had To buy tickets for The, to buy tickets for a theater company.


So maybe she was, the mom was involved in the theater company, Or maybe That Killer was contin in. Also continuing to try to set up a person, right, to indicate, 'cause you left the clothes there with That agent on, right? Then you buy those tickets, you're definitely pointing an arrow. Or maybe he was stalking them. And, stalking her. Maybe he had broken into the house before That the incident. Gone in the garage somehow like, kind of, kind of profiling the house to see how he could get in there. An old jacket was missing. And, all of the family's Happy New Year. Greeting cards were missing. They were like gone. Which is so weird. Someone suggested maybe they had cash in them, but they were saying That, they're like, happy New Year's cards, which are like From friends.


Yeah. You Wouldn't send It for money. Don't do That Unless that's a tradition or So home, Right? So some people say It looks like the work of a professional killer because how easily he killed the children was fine doing That. It's probably not his clothing. Since he left It behind And, then maybe he wanted to look like a skater. Just to kind of throw them off. And, be like, lead them in a different direction. Yeah, you know, that's just, it's just so many random things. And also Ooh, they also knew That. The clothes were washed in hard water. Not soft water. So they hadn't been washed in Japan. Ooh. Wow. I Know what a weird little detail.


I wonder, does Vegas have hard water, Right? Probably right Yeah. It's just, it's just, it's frustrating. That. They can do so many little elements about these things, but yet not have a psychological profile or, you know, just be a little more specific as to who It could be. Like. They have an age range. That. It's probably somewhere between their twenties. And thirties Also. Why was the little boy strangled? And? Everybody else stabbed. Yeah is That purely just co convenience of ha you know, wherever his knife was. Or Yeah. I mean. Like, it's fascinating Yeah like what, what the differences, what the details actually point to. Totally I. That's why I can't stand one. That haven't been solved.


'cause doesn't teach you anything. That's Why I love them, Because they're you. Just 'cause they're so, it's such a bigger, it's just a bigger I. Feel. like, I'm let down when I'm like, Ooh. It's just some shithead Yeah. It's psychopath. It's like not even worth anything. He should have just killed himself rather than like, there's this mysterious guy in the world. It could be a big deal. It could be this crazy coverup. Like all the possibilities are so much better than what the reality really reality is, which is That. It's some fucking asshole. Well, also because you use your imagination, And, you basically write a mystery story of like Yeah. It's a person. That That worked with the wife at the theater company. Yeah. That.


He dressed up like a skateboarder. Like there's, Because he, 'cause she had told him there was a skate park. And, he knew That. There was issues. And, There was problems. And, that's the perfect, totally decoy, Ooh. And. Maybe he just came to murder the father because the father was, you know, a business associate of his And. He, he needed, you know, And, just the, the family were witnesses. And. So he had to kill them all. And just kind of freaked out. And stayed in the, in the house until he figured out what to do. But, so That points away from a professional in any way. Totally. So, doess, I, think sodas like eating popsicles, And, all That shit. And, shitting, because totally It makes me think of Mike from Breaking Bad And. How when he goes to do stuff like you've seen all That, right? Where Yeah, he, he bought like the, the That was actually from Better Call Saul.


But a character on there buys, he knows he's being followed And. He wants to make sure nobody gets the jump on him. So he buys a welcome mat. And. Underneath It, he puts That loved That, ditto paper, Yeah. So he knew when people were standing at his front door. That is awesome. It was like, stuff like That, I, I love That. Or when they put a, a light, a small, like watch underneath the wheel of the car, And when It runs over there. That the time stops of when That person left. Yes. Didn't they do That in That too? Probably. That was probably in Breaking Bad, right? Some Yeah, some show I saw where they It was like a watch stopped at this time. That's what time they Left. I had a roommate in San. Francisco. That used to keep his pot in a drawer in his room.


And, when I would go to steal It while he was at work one time, I found a hair laying across the top. So I pulled, picked the hair up. And I went in. And took the pot. And as much pot as I saw fit That. I deserved. Didn't pay for, wasn't mine. Shut the drawer. And put the hair back. Yep. So he could And then he's a stoner. So he was just paranoid to accuse me of taking his pot. If you have, sorry, Scott sucks. I won't say his Last name. If you close a door, Yeah, if you put a little saliva on the hair, And, put stick It to the thing. Or a little tape on there. The hair will break when you open the door. Yep. Love That trick Love That trick. Never used It, but Just the idea.


That, he And. I. Were involved in those kind That level of spy versus spy. Totally stoner bullshit was super enjoyable. And made It, I. It makes me wanna ask you all these questions, but I don't want to put you in a bad position. But It makes me go like, are serial killers common in Japan are rare? Like, do We know anything culturally? Because that's like That, I Feel. like We never hear about. It's like every once in a while you hear about That. Terrible girl. The girl That got tortured for th 40 days by those awful fucking high schoolers. That's awful. Or there was one guy That killed children. That they caught recently or whatever. But you, it's not like here where they're fucking coming out of everybody's ass all the time, right?


Or it's a lot of gang, gang killings. And, right? Yeah It doesn't seem like there're, or like mass killings, but not as many like serial Killers. No, people not sneaking in your window. And killing an entire family. Yeah And, someone hypothesized That. That's why the, the cops have a lot of forensic capabilities, but not a lot of problem. Like, because they, they don't deal with a lot of murders like this. So they couldn't really put It together as to what would happen, right? Yeah, Yeah, And. They say the cops are Don. Don't know if it's That way anymore. But for a long time, the cops in Japan were just completely in bed with the Yeah. What is It? Yuck. Azua. Cute. Don't bring It up. If you don't know Karen, don't mention It.


If you don't know the word, Listen, this, this is an uncut, unedited podcast In your Face. We don't wanna look smart for you. We're in your face with our ignorance. Yeah doesn't matter. No It doesn't. So that's my Yeah. The, the, That's a good one. Set of Gaia family murders. And, It, And. How, how long ago did It happen? 16 years ago. Ooh. That's right. And. There's been there as there's been 2000, 4,600 officers involved in the case to date, which seems like too many. Yeah. And, They might be And. They've received more than 16,000 pieces of information from the public. Yet the killer remains at large. What? What's That? What's That? Old lady next door. Now that's what I wanna know.


That, Her Daughter's Ooh family. Her entire family. I mean she must, is She still alive? And I don't know. But the, the house is left the same, like left Ooh. Like nobody's moved in there. There's your horror movie. Sure People Go there, right In every year. And place Flowers on the date. And stuff. It's sad. It was like a sweet looking little family. Of course I mean not That. They would deserve It if they were not sweet looking. But they just look very normal, right? It's Really sad. Please tell me, That, you, you have this solution to this case. You know, that's I what I need to hear from you. It's Awful. And I keep thinking like, well, It was only 2016. And. We recorded this. So maybe it's only been a little while.


So they'll, maybe they'll solve It in the future. But I forget how long ago 2016 was And. There's still not answers. Yeah And. It's really tragic. According to Japan today, police hand out flyers every December with Hope That, someone will come forward with new information. In the past, police have also displayed a mannequin wearing similar clothes to what they believe the killer wore. 'cause It was like skater gear. Yeah And. There's so many specifics about the killer. That. I. Feel, like someone in That area knew who he was. Maybe he was just a drifter coming through town. Like someone had seen him. And, you know, maybe it's in one of those tips they got. Who the fuck knows? Well also the sand in the right pocket being from an Air Force base.


What? So it's like, clearly this was a person who I think clearly. It was a person who got in And, got out Yeah. But Yeah, just Like you think It was a hit. Probably I. Mean I. Don't know. And the whole, the hard water, cold water thing. And like That is just so specific. And so strange. Yep. And also a police spokesman said That, the department will never give up until the case is solved. There's a 20 million yen reward for information leading to the arrest of the killer or killers, which is about a hundred And, 36,000 US dollars. Wow. So that's how we got so far. Hopefully when we do the rewind of the rewind, we'll be able to tell you That, this was solved. All right, so now it's time for your story from Episode 15 And.


This one is about Dr. Harold Shipman.


Her search for family set off a chain of devastating events in this lifetime original movie. Based on a true story, a girl's dream to reconnect with her biological parents spirals into a chilling nightmare. When her mother's worst fears are realized, a father's unnatural fixation on his daughter leads to a disturbing secret And, a tragic outcome. Watch husband, father killer, the Alyssa Plato story premiering Saturday at eight. Part of truly unbelievable movies are ripped from the headlines event only on lifetime.


My murder is like the one you talked about of a boring person. That's just some guy when you find out you go this schlub. But he's kind of like the height of That, which I think is really fascinating. Every time I've seen him on year 28, 20 20 or your 48 hours or year 28 hours, the combo program up this a Little longer. Little longer day. It's 28 hours. It's a little bit longer of a day. It's a so much murder. That, we have to extend the day. Four hours. Yeah. So mine, And, a lot of people talk have talked about this on the Facebook page. Ooh, sorry to mention It again, but it's Dr. Harold Shipman, who was a GP in England.


Ooh. Yes. He had I. Think It was, it's near Manchester. I'm not gonna talk about England like I know anymore. Because did you see the posts about how wrong I was about the accent from Happy Valley? Ooh. It was hilarious. How wrong I was. No Ooh. It sounded right to me. Of course, It did And. The thing I forget is there's people in other countries Listen all to me. Bullshit. People Keep saying to us, do, when are you gonna cover Australian? Like Australia's got some like gnarly murders. Gnarly good ones, Crazy ones. We gotta do a couple Australia. Australia episodes at some point. Well, We did Touch on It with your guy, the mystery man. That, they think they've solved. Did you see That article? Ooh Yeah, the Down.


What's That? Guy's called the God. I. Don't remember You're Guy I. Know. I know it's Ooh. Forget It. Let's forget It. So my guy, Dr. Harold Chip, Have I mentioned. I have anxiety. And, Don. Don't sleep at night. I don't sleep at night. Have I Mentioned That? This is just a podcast. And. If you need to know factual shit, go ahead And. Log on to cnn.com. Or maybe don't. Okay, so Dr. Harold Shipman is a doctor. He studied at the lead school of medicine. He graduated in 1970. And. The interesting about thing about him to to note is That, his mother, who he was very close to, had lung cancer.


And. So she used to have morphine administered to her be in in the end stages. And lung cancer's a terrible fucking disease. And, it's very bad in the end. And, she died because a doctor gave her morphine. And, ba And. Basically It ended up killing her. And. And on Purpose or an accident. Well, I just think It was like near the end. Yeah, you know, maybe It was just like one too many. It does I don't know the details. Yeah. But he witnessed the pain go away.


Ooh. Even though she had this terrible lung cancer. Yeah, And, And, he watched doctors come And basically take It away. And whatever. And. She died. Like in one of those, in one of those moments, And, he was there for all of That. And. It was when he was 17. Holy shit. It's kind of a shit. Crucial time. Yeah. So we're, this is the person who is smart enough to become a doctor, but who goes for this incredibly traumatic experience growing up? Okay, so this is what I love. He goes to medical school. He graduates in 1970, in 1975. So five years later he's, he's off his, on his way of becoming a doctor.


He gets caught for forging Demerol prescriptions. And. He gets fined 600 pounds. He goes to rehab in New York. And don't know where That is, won't talk about where It is. Then he ends up working at Donnybrook Medical Center in Hyde, which is near Manchester. All of this is off Wikipedia. Don, don't know It factually in my own ad. So he basically starts working at this place in 1977. And, he, he works there throughout the eighties. And, then he starts his own surgery in 1993. He's a respected member of the community.


He's just your standard awesome doctor until 1998 when Deborah Massey from Frank Massey, And son's funeral parlor goes to the corner. And says, we're getting a lot of deaths from Dr. Shipman's patients. And, there's a lot of cremation forms. That, he's the only person That has to sign. It like, Come on man, Yeah, Duh. So, or maybe they, I'm sorry, they, the funeral home needs to countersign the cremation form. Okay? But that's when she notices. And ends up going to another doctor. And being like, here's the thing, there's all these old ladies red flag, no autopsies.


Yeah going straight to cremation. Yeah. It's all from good old doctor shipment down the street. Yeah. Maybe somebody should look into this. Yeah. And. She's gonna end Up dead, isn't She? No I, not That. I know of. Okay. But could be not according to Wikipedia, In my wildest imagination, this bench, And, she was, she had a needle in her neck. That night, cremated. So they start the shipment report. They start to look into It at, in the police department. But of course, what do they do? What do they always do? They assign It to inexperienced cops. Ugh. So they don't really find any serious problems. Yeah. It's all kind of like, well, we can't prove anything. Yeah. It's That old thing.


And. So Does Everyone trust a doctor? It's a doctor. He is a beard. He looks so plain. He does. He's totally the person. That you would see waiting for the bus. And never look at twice. I didn't know a lot of this story, but I've seen his photo And. He looks just like a, like he looks like your your stepdad. Exactly. Yes. And. He ruins It because he isn't exciting And. He didn't do, he didn't do these. He's one of the I. Think they say That. He's like the biggest serial killer there is because of the numbers. They just can't prove the numbers. Mm. But like, so they proved three for sure. Okay. So he went, you know, he, he went to jail, ended up hanging himself because you know of all of It.


But then once they start digging into It, And, they do what they call the shipment report. They, they assign people to look into all of the people. That. He has treated all of the people. That have died. And were cremated. Ooh man. And. It's basically a majority of elderly women who up until That Point were in perfectly fine health. Let's say That. They didn't go in with like long-term illnesses. That, he helped them get out of, he was just like, no, It wasn't like Kevorkian. Yeah. It wasn't an unofficial Korian. It was an old lady who would go to Dr. Shipman. 'cause she'd be like these corns on my feet, Yeah or whatever. 'cause he was a gp. Which here means general practice. Yeah means like you go the to them for whatever Yeah.


I have a So, great throat I. Think I got the flu. And. I'm old. We have to be careful. Sounds good, sounds good. Fucking, but In his mind, was he like, I'm getting, I'm helping you not have to ever go through this. Like in his, or is he just enjoying? Well he, I'm positive he enjoyed It. Because what That is, is you basically are becoming the angel of death. Yeah. So And, apparently, that's a very common thing in doctors is they get the God, complex Yeah where they can save your life. And, And, the healthy normal ones, which is hopefully the majority, right? I almost immediately said majority, which who knows? They're all about saving, And, doing no harm. Yeah, And, And, And, they get all their joy. And power from saving you.


Yeah. But there are the ones And. It happens. You know, It happens to nurses a lot too. Yeah, I've seen That where they get the joy from deciding That, it's time for you to go Yeah And. You can see where the logic would be if his mother was suffered with lung cancer. And, he watched somebody give her morphine And kind of like make It all go away. Yeah his. You could see the logic behind. It's an old lady she's living. Maybe once he gets to know them, I'm not sure the details, but like That, he basically decides like you should, we're gonna wrap this up for you. I wanna know his mindset. I really wanna read his manifesto, which sounds like he's the kind of person who would write one. Yeah. I. I'm sorry, I.


Don't know if There is one. No, I'm just like Yeah. Like I'm so curious about his mindset. If he was being like malicious or if he thought he was like doing So home good. Well, I thi I think he thought he was doing good. I did see a one, a murder show on this. On, on Dr. Shipman. And I do remember being bored while I was watching It. Yeah. Because once I got the fact That, basically he would, It would be people who were in fine health, elderly ladies. He also was suspected of causing the death of a 4-year-old child in the early days. Ooh, my goodness. So there could have been like It could be That thing where That was a mistake. Yeah. But then what he realized was he could have the joy of having That, same thrill of killing someone, but, but cover It so perfectly.


It sounds a little like Munchausen by proxy doesn't It Yes, but he's not getting empathy or sympathy. Yeah, he's getting power. It's Probably also getting praise in a way that's like Don don't know. Like there's So home about It too, where it's like Ooh, thank you doctor for everything you tried to do. And, you, you know, Yeah That kind of thing. Yes And. Maybe it's the, what I think is kind of interesting is it's like, so when you're a doctor, you are the elite. You people can in the way communities are based, it's like you're the one person. That can help. You're the person everybody goes to. You're you. You automatically are the person. People trust because you do all this good And, you're upstanding in the community or whatever.


So when like a taxi driver goes, And says, Hey, guess what? My mother died And. She shouldn't have because Yeah, she had all this stuff. We knew And, she wasn't sick. And dah dah, dah. They go, the cops go, okay sir. Which is literally what happened. It was there. There was a guy who went to the cops first. That That. That's the reason they started That first. Wow. Inquiry And. Then there were like Yeah. There's nothing we can prove. And. We don't And basically We don't believe you. You're just a working stiff. Totally. You're a blue collar guy. And, this is, this is our doctor And. It's gonna ruin his reputation. If you even look into It, right? You know what I mean? Like if you have to start asking questions of other patients, you have to like subpoena his records. It's gonna make, if And, it's not true, it's gonna make him look really bad.


And, he could probably sue for defamation. Maybe. Probably. I'm making That up. Well, Like everything else, hard facts on our podcast. But also it's That thing. And, you know those, when you see the doctors who kill their wives, And, they keep That mask on after they're convicted. I know in jail, they keep It on forever because they have already turned into this person that's convinced they've Done all the work of this is what I'm doing, this is why it's right. Or this is why I get to do whatever I want. So you would have to, you would then be facing a person who It. It just make made me think of like a forensic files. That. I saw That was in Canada about a doctor who shot this woman up with like basically the stuff they give you when you're having a baby.


So That, you just go, don't feel anything. Whoa, And, you go paralyzed. And, you kind of are numb. And, he rapes her And. And then like And then thinks That, she's gonna forget about It. It is ba basically a kind of a ro hypno Yeah cocktail thing. And. Then she accuses him of It. Everyone says, you're a crazy bitch. You're a crazy bitch. They do blood tests. It's do the blood doesn't match the dna. NA doesn't match. You're a crazy bitch. You're a crazy bitch for years. No, they find out he had, he had injected Yes. Remember That I do And. The guy With his someone else's blood or what was That? Yes one of his patients. So he's setting up another patient, what to defend himself against the rape of a first patient.


And. He had the blood injected into his arm. So they keep going. You are the crazy bitch. So basically you're taking on, when you take on a doctor, there's so much high, they truly are the elite And. If you are just a waitress or you're just a cab driver, you are automatically wrong. Or A prostitute, no way. Or God Forbid a Prostitute. You know what drives me? You know what I wish? A sex worker. Sex worker, excuse me, Yeah. In a perfect world, like when, when, when And, you watch these video, these, these 40, these 28 hour videos of like, you know, the father did this, the husband did this, And, they're in court And. Then the, the jury says, guilty or not guilty, whatever.


When they say guilty I Feel like I wish That, the guy would have to go, damn It, you got me. Like I. Wish they would have to admit It if they did or not. That's exactly Right. Like What? You got me Yeah. Because I just wanna know like it's That the wrong. There's always That. Like what if the wrong person's in prison, but I just want I? Wanna know? And, you're a fucking asshole. So if you did It, like just own up to It so Everyone can move the fuck on. I know you Got me. What would That be you like? Starts laughing. And state Or country require, okay, you're right. Good Job Guys. This is over. Shakes the prosecutor's hands. You know what? Fair play, Yeah fair play. You got me. Good job. I to I, totally slowly killed a bunch of undeserving people, right? Ooh And his numbers.


Just to get for one second. Yeah. What I think. Dr. Shipman, where was It Fi? 400. And 59 people died while under his care. That's a lot. They just can't prove how many were victims. And, how many? He was just a doctor. That certified his death. And, That. It didn't have anything to do with I. Wonder how many is like standard? It can't be more than a hundred. It Can't be. How many people die in a year in a small town? Totally. I don't know if it's small. Is It a year? I don't. How big Is a year? No, no, no, no. Ooh. No That was over It. That's like a almost a 30 year span.


Ooh shit. 70 one to 98. Wow. And, That. They, they think the probable number of definite victims between 70 one And 98 is 250. But 459 people died in That amount of time. They just can't, they can't prove I have a question. Important question. Where does the number two, where does the year 2000 fit into all this? Because guess what, I think he got arrested in 2000. Okay? Ooh I was about to make you right, because they started the lady from Frank Massey And Son's funeral Home. And. Her name is Debra Massey. So I want to go. Are you the unfortunate daughter?


That works at Frank Massey And Son's funeral Home. That sucks. Sorry, Deborah And And. Also High five for Yeah for getting this whole thing going. Badass. But Yeah, I. Think she went That. She went to them in 98. And. So basically he ended up getting looked into And. Arrested in 2000. I'm gonna, I'm gonna accept That I. Swear to God. God. I'm, I'm gonna make you start over. Please, please don't. Because this was, this was borderline homolka level lack of information. Yeah, I, I found a lot of those. There was one of a girl who was riding her bike. And just disappeared. And, like all these people cop to It, but they didn't. And. It was like just fucking sad. For a 2000 one. Yeah, Yeah, And That was like the only other one.


That. I found. That was like That interesting to me. I Feel. like people thought That year was gonna be way, way worse than It actually turned out To be Yeah. Well, I mean you're just under the fucking horizon of nine 11. So that's Right. You know what was interesting going through And? I don't have the education to even like really theorize, but I kept seeing all these things where they were like, nuclear secrets leaked. There are all these things in the year. 2000 That I just kept going. I wonder if this is, has anything to do with the nine one one Ooh. You know what I mean here? And. There. There would just be a thing. Nuclear secrets. Yeah. There was So home. That Bombing somewhere. Yeah murder of all these people in this thing. Yeah Yeah tied man.


What if in this podcast, which fucking un uncover So home Crazy Government secrets, And. Then we're on the run. Yes Ooh. My God And. We only like all the like Facebook group people like were there like, like hide us out. Yes, And. They're like On create an underground railroad. Totally across the country. And throughout the world. Now That, we know That there people in Ooh. Whales, Listen For all. The only way That, the government knows That. We were there is That. They have all have T-shirts. And giving them all free T-shirts for couch surfing. We have to make new T-shirts for when we're on the run. Totally. It'll be like the 2016 Tour And. It'll show like what cities we're gonna be in. Which is like a bad idea. That's right.


We have to like keep changing the cities on the back of the shirt around Yeah, keep adding them. And. Then both of us canceled. Get arrested. Canceled, canceled. Just no, not happening. Ugh. What a fucking monster. That guy. So crazy. Okay, so I didn't clearly stayed in this Episode. Harold Shipman was officially charged with the murders of 15 women ranging in age from 49 to 80 one. In January of the year 2000, a jury found Shipman guilty of 15 counts of murder, plus a count of forgery. 'cause he had tried to forge the will of a patient named Kathleen Grundy before he murdered her. Interesting because then It shows motive.


'cause we were always like, did he, was he Yes trying to be, you know, merciful somehow in his mind? Or what was It about like angel of death? Yeah, Yeah, And to get money is just a clear, fucking greedy motive. Also, It makes me think, what can they go through And. Check I mean maybe they already have Yeah, but like just check all of That because then Yes there there is, it's not such a fascinating psychological study anymore. It's just like gross sociopath, right? He was sentenced to life in prison, but he died by suicide while in prison. And, according to his Wikipedia page, he is quote, the only British doctor to have been convicted of murdering patients.


Wow. Yeah. We do a lot of nurses eventually, but not doctors. Right? Kind of tied to the thing we were talking about at the last show of like women being poisoners when they're serial killers, Right? Right. So It is, it's a real weird crossover. Here's Yeah. Here's the only good part of this conversation. You at one point go, where does the year 2000 play into all of this? Yeah, And. I. Go I. Think he got arrested in 2000. I. Think he got arrested. Nothing. So even then when it's like this is the theme, it's your big chance to prove why you didn't know what Episode It was. And, you're so excited. Yeah about Y two. K. And. Then you didn't fucking, there's no ending.


Well, I think that's why this is the last Episode where we do themes. Thank God Yeah. This is It. Yeah. We gave It a couple Episode run. It was hard. Yes to put a little It was just so, so then We were just like, let's just do stories. We can't wait to tell each other. Let's just get our book reports. Done by any means necessary, right? And then Yeah. The next thing would be, now actually get them Done, Right? Karen Ooh. Okay, let's see how we wrap this up. Here's the end of Episode 15 I. Have to go to therapy now. Ooh, Yeah, I I schedule therapy after this podcast because I think that's good timing. It Probably is.


Alright, well then we'll save. You know what we should do is do a mini with with emails. 'cause we've got a bunch of great emails. Definitely. That's what I was. Just checking to see if we had time for It. But this is from Sam And. The the, the title of is It. My, the title of It is my grandma And Albert Fish. Hell Yeah, right? Hey ladies, I just finished Listen all to the cannibal Episode, which my dad And I Listen to in the car to And from getting some groceries. Dad, hi. After you started introducing Fish's story, my dad turns to me. And says, you know your grandma And, her sister were babysat by Albert Fish. Are you kidding me? To which I responded, shut your mouth. But he was totally serious. And is surprised. I don't remember my grandma talking about, about It.


When I was much younger. He says they lived next door to him in this same apartment building. What the shit My grandma Joan was born in 1930 one in Brooklyn. And. The Wikipedia says fish was apprehended in 1934. So I doubt she would've remembered much. But her sister Doris is a couple years older. And, it's feasible. That. She would remember this little old man read. Super insane disturbed And. Terrifying creature. Unfortunately, my grandma died a few years ago. And. So I've never And. I have never actually met Doris. So I can't back up any of this with face-to-face memories. But my dad isn't one to make up creepy stories. And I only have third hand info. But I had to share It with you on the chance It might be true. You know what we're all about That.


It's true. It is true to us. I'm gonna go on record. It's true Because the joy of It. Wow, the joy of It. Who That Fuck. Can you imagine? Sorry, this is the end. Can you imagine finding out That the neighbor you had been depending on to watch your kids while you were at work was America's, America's boogeyman. Can you I? Just don't think of a time in my life when I would leave my baby with an old man like no ma for any reason. A he'll drop the baby Yeah And. Then like worst case scenario, he'll eat the baby Yeah. Although That I really do think Albert fish is That thing. He was unimaginable Yeah to people up until That point.


That's true. Unimaginable. That's true. That, an old man would be That awful in every way. People Still kind of trust old people a little too much. I Feel. like when they say Ooh, look at That like cute, sweet old man. It's like, well he pedophiles get old. That's Exactly Ooh, man. They sure do. Nazis get old. They Like, like really mean bitches. Who are like the mean people. They get old. They live the longest. It seems like, Like Everyone gets old, including pedophiles, And murderers. So don't don't fucking don't Fall for That shit. I. Feel. like it's insulting to old people to immediately assume That. They're sweet And. Fucking well-intentioned. That's Right. You Know, by the time you're old, you're either completely evil or an American hero.


Yeah. And. That's pretty much It. Pick one. The We This week have been weed out Or they've been killed by Dr. Shipman. Calm British. Dr. Shipman. Who can you imagine, And? He was just like, Yes, put your foot up on my knee. And. We'll, look at your corns. You Look at tea or anything. Ooh, Ooh. Goodbye. Goodbye. Good, good night. Good night. I do The thing is to trust No one except the people who are like clearly de display displaying their craziness. That's right, right? Yeah. Because everyone's crazy. So the people who are hiding It the well the most, the Wellest.


It's The Welles. Thank You are the craziest. Look at us. We have a fucking podcast talking about our crazy Guys. It isn't the worst thing in the world. Trust us. You can be crazy. Just be a little lighthearted about It. Yeah. Ooh, Yeah, I. Think that's I. Think that's the point. Is That the point. Absolute. Maybe You don't have to take needles. And, put them under your skin. 'cause you're crazy the way Albert fish did, right? Yes wasn't he filled with needles? And His penis. And his penis. Really Yes, God, That guy was intense. Yeah, they found a bunch of ne needles up there. I mean his urethra. Dude, take a walk around the block.


Breathe deeply. You know, It would've helped in meditation. Yeah. That's right. Transcendental meditation. Yeah Probably It probably would've clear your mind of those needle thoughts. Clear your Al urethra of of those needle thoughts, Mr. Fish, Right? Should we shut this one down? Yeah Definitely think we should ended a while ago. It definitely should. Well, thanks. We're looking forward to Episode 16. Next, next week we, We'll talk about 15 of the best murders ever. I love It. Thanks for Listen all. We're at my favorite murder everywhere. And, tell the iTunes how much you like us And rate, And review. And subscribe Please. And, thanks for Listen all.


We appreciate your support. Yeah, we do And. Stay sexy. Don't get murdered. Bye. Alright, so another great hometown in That. one, oof like shocking, And, awful. Yes And. Kind of the Beginning of your parents telling you shit, That, why haven't you told me this? That's fucking insane. Well, And, then you, once you know the story, you're like Ooh Yes. Never tell a child anything ever related to That. It's like so disturbing. So As we said in this Episode We, first hear the phrases. Look, listen, And, you're in AOC cult. Call your dad And. We actually right now have some really cute brand new you're in OC Cult items designed by Jess Rodder, who's a Listen of the podcast.


What's up? So go to my favorite murder.com And. You can find all That merch there And. Now I. Think we pick a new title for Episode 15. Although I think it's comedic perfection. This title And, the entire Mr. Magoo handling of everything around It is like, well, this is comedy at our best I. Think Yeah Yeah. We're correcting ourselves before the show even starts. But we could go with Y two. What? Ooh Yeah. Or of course, you're in a cult call your dad, Right? We could use Don't go Anywhere. Which was you talking about Jonestown And going to second locations. That's great. The great great quote from 30 Rock. Never go with a hippie to a second location. That's right. I mean.


It fits so well in this scenario. Yeah And. Then little longer day after you've called 20, 20, 48 hours, or no, you call It 28 hours. 28 hours, which is a combo of 2020 And, 48 hours I. Just wish people understood how I got up in the morning, drank a pot of coffee, worked a full job. And, then tried to figure out how to get my goddamn podcast homework. Done. Little did I know, but you did It. Little did I know And. Here you are. You fucking Did It. I did It, And, I. I was putting my coins into the slot machine. You were on your way to a different win. And working hard for a different win, And. Then this fucking other win came. And body slammed you. Yep. Out of the blue And It wasn't even a win you were looking for. So it's almost like a double win.


You Could say And, I. Think that's kind of what you were talking about at the top. We don't know Yeah. We don't know what's best. No We think we know what's best. We've dedicate ourselves to entire things. And get very identified with It Yeah. But the truth is That. By the time this podcast started getting popular, It was actually really exciting to consider Yeah That. I wouldn't have to keep doing That job because It was like, Ooh. Wait. Now I could do my thing. I don't have to write for somebody else. I don't have to do It for somebody else, Right? There's other avenues. You never know what's gonna happen in your life. I mean. I. Don't think We were older. I think We were normal. But a lot of people are like, they decided what to do with their lives in their twenties, which is bananas to me. And, you just never know what's gonna happen in the future.


Everything could completely change. And. What I'm learning through all of our rewinding is That. The key to life truly is pivoting. Mm. And being able to pivot. Yeah. I. Really think it's crucial. And, it's hard to do because you sometimes don't want to. It's a control issue. Or it's like I had my plan. And I was supposed to be this thing. And. It's like why Yeah I was supposed to be a TV writer. What? No, actually, I wanted to be Annie in the musical. Annie, that's actually the true dream. Yeah And. It's still possible. Karen, We're working It. You still got That? Keep That. Dream alive. Perm That, hair dye. It red.


Because you never know when they're gonna be like Ooh. No, our lead dropped out. And our second's out too. Does anyone in the audience here at Annie on Broadway know all the words? I? Know All the words. And. I've got the hair to prove. It. And. I'm keeping this perm tight. Yeah dreams do come true. Everybody Yeah. But sometimes you gotta kick That door open to That Dream. You know Yeah? That's right. It's not all floaty. No. Anyway, stay sexy. And. Don't get murdered. Goodbye Elvis. do you want a cookie?