
This Is exactly right.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available, I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Blessing ing. Oh, French dressing. Exactly. Oh, that's Good.


I'm AJ Jacobs and my current obsession is puzzles. And that has given birth to my podcast The Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily Puzzler nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to The Puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Kyle Tequila, host of the shocking new True Crime podcast, crook County. I Got recruited into the mob when I was 17 years old. People are dying. Is he doing this every night? Kenny was a Chicago firefighter who lived a secret double life as a mafia hitman. I had a wife and I had two children, and nobody knew anything. He Was a fricking crazy man. He was my father and I had no idea about any of this until now. Crook County is available now. Listen for free on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello And Welcome To Rewind with Karen and Georgia. It is Wednesday and that means that we're recapping one of our old shows with all new commentary and updates and insights. Beautiful insights. Mm. And today we're recapping episode 37, which we named Liminal Space. Remember? I love That. So Georgia's now as we take you back to October 6th, 2016. This was a a wonderful year for podcasting as well as ironically for Drake. He was dating Rihanna. He had no idea what the future held for him, that he would be viciously, viciously roasted at a Super Bowl Named and fucking roasted.


Named and shamed. And I'm there for it. So let's listen to the intro of episode 37. Let's settle in. How do I look from this angle? It's very odd. It's weird, right? We switched seats tonight. I think it's good for the Liminal Space. Creative, upset. Whoa. You know about that? No, there's This thing. I can't, I talked about it. Oh, maybe it on the other podcast. But I have seven podcasts. I'm sorry. You have another. It's Okay. Oh, I didn't tell you. We haven't discussed that. So let's cut. Cut. Can we cut? There's a thing they call, it's the space that you get into when you're unsure or you're upset or like right after something shocking happens or whatever.


It's, they call it Liminal Space. And when you're in that place, your brain is working like at peak, at top performance. So that's why like when it, they, it's good if you're a creative person, if you get too comfortable in anything or feel too secure, it's bad because then you can't, like the, the thoughts don't come the right way. But if you, you know, like get into a thing, like that's why like sometimes in standup when you're on stage, like you know you're gonna open with a couple jokes, but then you go into something new and weird because you can come up with something you didn't even know you were thinking of. That's Cool. So as you're saying, stop going to the same cafe for me every day and ordering two scrambled eggs and a side of fruit and an Americano every single fucking day of my life.


Well, I mean, are you writing somewhere near there? Or like, yes. Yeah, I would. Or you could change order something different or go to a different cafe. Just do something that will make you uncomfortable. Okay. So that your brain works differently. I love it. Yeah. I'm doing it. Getting out of a pattern. Okay. And that's what this is right now, Georgia, this, this of you and I looking at each other from a totally different perspective. Yeah. On different couches. Switch couches, everyone. Yeah. It's not that big of a deal actually. It is like from the very beginning, that's how we've done it. So this is neat. I mean, episode 37, it's gonna be all about like the brand new thing. Also. Now we're talking about the Bible. So open your, There's So much Murder in the Bible.


There really is there? We should do a biblical episode. That would Be, that would be so boring. That would just put me back to like fucking grammar and high school. Like these stories again, I'm gonna scream my story at you too. I'm just, the whole story's gonna be in caps at You. Like the angriest nun. Yeah. In all of St. F grammar school. Totally. Okay. This is our first, so I was thinking that this is our first episode back from, the last episode was the live episode. Yes. Which was so awesome. It went really well, right? It was, it went well. Which on to, I can now tell you that I'm surprised the fuck You serious. Yeah. Because I was like, who the fuck knows what this is gonna be?


Yeah. Like you and I sitting here talking about stuff. Yes. We know what that, what that amounts to. But like having people react in real time. No. And whether or not they were going to, I mean, obviously if they were there, they were slightly on board. But Yeah. Those people I'm not worried about. It's like, does it translate to an like, I'm not gonna be totally honest. I don't fucking listen to live episodes of podcasts. No, I don't either. No way. I'm like that, that doesn't, that doesn't translate. I'm not gonna do that. I don't wanna hear you. Like pointing at things and talking about them and, right. Or Yeah. Or just having a whole experience without me. Yeah. 'cause in these, it feels like when I listen to podcasts, I'm like, I'm there too. Yeah. That's the whole fun of it, I think.


Yeah. Yeah. So yes, I, but I was, I was just nervous and I kind of was like, I don't know, I was just like, are you Nervous about me? Because you've never seen me on stage before? No. I'm too much of a narcissist to be nervous about you. I mean, let's, I was like, you're on your own. Okay. Si. Sink or swim. I gotta get mine. You know what I think? Hmm? What if we added Dave Anthony permanently to the podcast? Podcast? Well, I, we probably shouldn't talk about this right now, but Dave, I did a show with Dave Anthony the other night and he was like, I think we should start doing like every three months. Oh My God. We all, We all do all our podcast together.


That Was like a, that was great. And also that was my sister's suggestion. Shut. I swear to God she's batting a thousand. She was like, I love that. Dave was so funny on your show. I don't think I add a lot to the dollop. I just like laughing at whatever the fuck Garrett says. You do though. You do. But here's the thing. Yeah. It's learning to elbow your way. Oh my God. Into comedy conversations. No way. Takes a, takes a while. That's scary. It's scary. And also it's that thing of like, well, am I gonna stop? This is the thing I'm gonna say. Gonna be worth it to stop what's happening. Totally. It's a really hard thing to do. Interrupting people, especially people who are like, like fucking legit comedians that have been doing this for years and years Yeah.


Is not my thing. It's Well, and also if you do it and it's like a, like a half tepid response. Totally. It makes you never wanna say anything again and You're like a stupid idiot. Yeah. When people would laugh when I said something, I wanted to go hug and eat, eat in every one of them so much. You guys wouldn't understand how hard this is for me. But you did great. It didn't seem like you were having a hard time at all. Thank you. No, I don I had a lot of fun. Just feel bad. I didn say fuck it. Once you're in the moment. Exactly. Well, and it's for fun. Those guys love you. They're so nice. Dave thinks you're fucking hilarious. That's so nice. Yeah. And I would never say that to my face, but I Appreciate that. No, no he can't. Okay. He's got emotional problems. Everyone go the dollop live, they're last one. Wear guests on it. So if you really fucking love the live episode.


Yeah. That's where we were. That's how we warmed it up. That's how we heated it up that Day. That was nice. Yeah. So the live episode and that was awesome. It was super fun. And also we get to meet a bunch of people Oh Yeah. Which is very cool. Afterwards, which I have to say I went backstage 'cause I was like, I don't wanna meet people. Yeah. Like, I don't, I don't think I'll be good at it. I don't like the idea of it. And then I, I was standing back there and So you were already talking to somebody and then I'm like, what am I doing? Yeah. Like, that's not allowed. And then the second I walked out, whoever the first person I was to talked to, I was just like, Hey, what's going on? And they were so regular and normal. So Yeah. It wasn't like I had to do anything. It was just like having a nice conversation with a person that was happy.


I've had years and years of, of experience of like talking to strangers. 'cause Ally and I do the like cocktail like food thing. And you go to these like cocktail parties and food parties and you have to fucking just talk to people. And it's scary and hard. But the more you do it, the more you're just used to it and it's not a big deal. Yeah. Especially strangers. But what was I gonna say? I don't, I guess this would be a good, oh, and the, the episode before that was the JonBenet episode, so it wasn't like a regular format. That's right. So this is like the first time we've done a regular form, like we're back from For a long time. Yeah. From Camp. It's Been That's right. It's been, my legs are really tan. My legs don't tan, only my arms. And I'm burnt on the back of my neck.


It's weird. And I'm starting to wear this necklace all the time that I never wore before. You know, it's a friendship bracelet you Have It's camp stuff. It's camp stuff. It's good luck when it falls off on its own. You know those fucking bracelets of people? Oh fuck you. That's Kabbalah. Oh Fuck you Madonna. No, I Just mean like when you go to some party and like, and it's like sponsored by a company and they're like, put this bracelet on and when it falls off, your wish will come true. And I just like, it's falling off when I rip it off of my fucking arm. It Always, that stuff, that stuff always makes me wanna go. Yeah. Well, since no wishes that I can think of. Yeah. Like it's stuff like this has ever come true. I don, I don't need your bracelet. I'm sorry. Wishes aren't a thing. I'm Sorry to tell you this. I'm sorry to tell everyone. Karma. You know what? Karma and wishes are not true.


Oh God. Everyone just hung up on the podcast. Like half the women just hung up on this podcast. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Mercury's and retrograde. What can I say? Wishes aren't true. It's not actually, oh, what's, there's a, at work, there's a website called is Mercury and retrograde and it either says yes or no. And we look it up all the time because people are constantly making that joke. And then we're like, wait, let's just check and see if it really is. So you actually know. Yes. I just almost spit this drink out of in nostrils when you said that. 'cause it really is. No, because Someone made that and I just love that. That's such a great, it's the best. I love when people make simple, hilarious, stupid things. Kat Solan, our friend who's a director, is a true crime enthusiast.


Fucking talented as shit person. I begged her to make us a new design for our shirts and she did it. And they look freaking incredible. They look like an old, like 1960s Pulp fiction book cover. And I'm so happy with them and gonna, they're really cool. We're gonna keep posting new sayings and people can vote for what the, the sayings they want it to be. Oh, did you know, did you see the, what they voted for? They voted for fuck Politeness to be the next one. Nice. Yeah. Cool, Cool. Yeah. Anyways. Yeah. I didn't know there was voting going on. I Just fucking decided when to Sweet. Sweet. You went totally rogue. Sorry. Hot was gonna pass it by. Of Course. I don't. Please. Okay. I mean of all the things I try to care about, vote Away. I feel like we talked about that a while ago.


Yeah. But I just didn't, I feel like I'm missing out on life. If there was any tone in that, it was not toward you. Yeah, it was. I'm spending a lot of time, and this is not a complaint because I love my job, but it's the kind of thing where every once in a while, like I'll pick up my phone and look at email and I'll watch you talking to all these people where I'm just like, thank fucking God because, But I'm a control freak and just deal with like, I mean just, I'm very grateful for you. You Have Thank you. You have a hard job. I can't wait you to have you for myself again. And you can go get tuna fucking melts at Cafe 1 0 1. For real. It's been so long. I can pick your fries out and eat all your fries. You can have all the fries.


I can't eat fries anymore. I can. Oh Yay. Good. I can't wait until you're free again. Oh, I'm happy. And I love your job and I'm so happy for you and it's great. Fuck. I'm lying. I fucking want you for myself and I want My favorite murder to be the only thing that matters in your life. I mean, that would be nice. It will be. But it, but it's also cool because it's, it's whatever, it's nice to have a job that Yeah. Actually takes up all my time and brain, but then it's, then there's things like that. Yeah. Where just like, oh, is that what's happening? Yeah. Good. I love that. Daddy has a job, but we miss daddy at home. Daddy wants to come home. That's what I'm saying. Hey, let's take a, a quick pee break and then get started. Great.


The idea, yeah. That I stated the words, fuck you. Madonna is a shame to me. It brings shame to my family. That is not the person I thought I was. That's not how I feel about Madonna. No, but people change you. You change, you grow. You stop hating Madonna for whatever reason. That's true. I think I was going through a really dark time in my life and I wanted to kind of, you know, forget about who I was and who I grew up as. Which was a Madonna wannabe from day one. Absolutely. Just really changed my life in every way. Don't go for second best. At least we didn't make Fuck you Madonna Merch is all I'll say. I was smart enough to know Can you, Ima One time I made a Bon NVA joke about Madonna on the Grammys.


This was like 2018 or even earlier than that because it was kind of like the glory days of Twitter man. Those Madonna fans. And I guess I'll just say it, gay men came after me. Fuck you bitch. Where I was like, and then I kind of looked at her, I was like, yeah, you know what? You're right. That's fine. She's, that's I take it. I delete it. Yeah, you're right. That's peak. That's peak fame or peak influence influence that people will come after you for talking shit about someone they don't even know. Yeah. Which I feel like Marinos kind of do that and I'm so grateful for that. I think they are Madonna level supporters. I think so too. And we're very lucky. We are so appreciative of everything you guys do for all that shit talking that goes on for on the Super Bowl, on Twitter, on Instagram to Defend the indefensible.


You go out there for your girls knowing. Yeah. Knowing you're wrong. Of course. I didn't mean, fuck you Madonna. She's my hero. Well let's blame Mercury on retrograde. Which by the way, it is not right now, but it will be once this comes out. Let's blame Mercury on retrograde on retro. Is that what? Is that what it it Is? Is that what we're supposed to have blame? I'm really spiritual if you didn't know that about me. Actually Alison Augusti writes these shows up for us. Put it in the notes. Yeah. Mercury is not in retrograde right now, but She said that when this comes out it will be. It's currently not While we're speaking Exactly. Okay. But when you're right. But in next Wednesday or maybe in three Wednesdays, Whatever it is, whenever this is happening to your ears, it's in retrograde.


So be careful. It's on retrograde. In retrograde around retrograde. Don't slip in the shower is all I'm saying. And if this is 2035 that none of this applies to you and obviously And how is your fucking, how's your battery pack? That's How's Your Judy Jetson skirt, how are You even listening to this? All right. Battery pack. I don know They definitely are wearing big batteries. In the Future. Everyone is being charged by a battery pack. Okay, so now it's time to get into the first story on this episode. Liminal Space. It's Georgia. Going first This week and covering the Ruth Talia murder.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering. All backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's Go places.


A sleek professional website makes you look very put together even when you're wearing sweatpants and eating cereal out of a mug. And that's where Squarespace comes in. Squarespace gives you everything you need to offer your services and get paid all in one place. From Consultations to experiences, showcase your services with a customizable website designed to attract clients and grow your business. And managing those payments is a breeze. In just a few clicks, you'll be able to accept payments with options like Klarna, apple Pay, Afterpay and more. You'll get paid on time with professional on-brand invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools And get discovered faster. With squarespace's built-in SEO tools, with meta descriptions and auto-generated site maps, you'll rank higher in search results globally. Go to Squarespace dot com slash murder for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code murder to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash murder code murder. Goodbye. Goodbye.


My name is Kyle Tequila, host of the shocking new True Crime podcast, crook County. I got recruited into the mob when I was 17 years old. People Are dying. Is he doing this every night? Kenny was a Chicago firefighter who lived a secret double life as a mafia hitman. I had a wife and I had two children. Nobody knew anything. He Was a fricking crazy man. He was my father and I had no idea about any of this until now. Crook County is available now. Listen for free on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


So let's see who went first four episodes ago. Oh my God. I wanna say I don't care. You wanna go first? You want me to go first? Whatever you want. I'll Go. It's your choice. Okay, I'm gonna go. Okay. Is that rude? No. All right. So this one actually, speaking of Cat Solen who made our shirts design, she sent this to me and I'd never heard of it and it's like, oh nice. Pretty bananas to me. Okay. Alright. So we start with 19-year-old Ruth Talia SaaS s Lemme start over. We start with 19-year-old Ruth Talia es. She was raised on the outskirts of the capital in a working class area of Peru, so outside of a working class area of Peru.


And she was studying at a local university and she lived with her family like normal girl, cute girl, regular 19-year-old. On Saturday July 12th, 2012, she was the very first contestant on the new reality show that was like a quiz show called El Valor Dela Verda, which is translated to the value of the truth. You knew that? I just wanted to guess 'cause I, I've never taken Spanish. Me neither, because I know what verda means. So it's a new quiz, reality quiz show that's just come to Peru. The show's premise is that a contestant is asked a series of personal questions like during an interview, a private interview with a production company on the producers varying seriousness the questions and they're hooked up to a fucking polygraph.


Okay. So the contestant is later asked the same questions but in front of a crazy studio audience and it's like, what's that? The money show? Do you wanna be a millionaire? Who wants to be a millionaire? Yeah. It's like that kind of seriousness level with like lights and shit. So they're given their questions again and their answers are voted like by the polygraph, whether they're true or not. Okay. So for each truthful response that they give, they win money. If they lie according to the polygraph test, they lose all the money they made. So they can keep going with questions.


And if they're correct and they are not lying about them, they win money. And the the questions get more and more personal as the show goes on. And the contestant has the option of calling it off after each answer. So if they've only won a certain amount, they can be like, and they've answered like some really personal question, they can be like, I'm done. So she's the very first contestant on this show, this little 19-year-old university student. And she went on because she wanted to open a salon and she had already saved a ton of money, but she needed the money from the show to bring her closer to buying that salon. And she was like, okay. Making a spectacle of herself to get the money.


So every contestant gets to bring on or has to bring on three guests to the show who are like sitting there being interviewed and film the whole time she's answering these personal questions. So she brings her parents, it's CIO and Vilma and they're like sweet baby angels. I watched, I watched it and the dad said that he was afraid of what I might learn about my daughter. Ooh. When he was introduced. But they were all jovial. They were all like, you know, this is gonna be fun. We're gonna someone win some money. No one thought it'd be that insane. 'cause they thought their daughter was like a normal human being. Oh no. I mean, you know. Sure. So the third guest was her boyfriend, Brian Leva.


He was a 20-year-old cab driver. He was raised down the road from a move Talia. And he'd stuttered since an old boyfriend of his mother had pushed him down the stairs when he was only eight. Oh. So he's just like this normal dude. But he had a stutter. The host says, you seem nervous. What are you so nervous about? And he said that she may have cheated on me. And he was like very stone-faced and like clearly nervous through the whole show. So here are the questions. Some of the questions she was asked, have you ever skipped school without your mother's knowledge? If you found 1000 souls, would you return them souls? It's like, it's the money. Yeah. So she revealed that she Had 1000 wandering souls.


Yeah. Would you return them to their homes? She revealed she had a nose job and that she didn't like her body and that she wished she was white and that she was only with her boyfriend Brian until someone better came along. Oh, The one that was there. The cab driver. Yeah, with The stutter. Yeah. And that she was ashamed of her parents' manners and that she didn't actually work at a call center. Like they thought she danced at a nightclub. Oh shit, here we go. Here We go. So the mom is begging her to stop and at one point Brian says, I don't wanna hear anymore the boyfriend. So okay, we're at question number 18.


And she had won, at this point with this question, she would've won the equivalent of 15,000 US dollars, which is almost 10 months wages. Wait, no, no, no, I'm sorry. She could have went up to 15,000 US dollars at that point she had won $5,300, which was almost 10 months wages in Lima with this question. She'll win this. The question number 18 was, have you ever accepted money for sex? And she answers yes. And the polygraph confirmed that it was true. And she says, just twice we needed money. We were in a bad situation. It hasn't happened since and it won't happen again.


And her parents are like crying and like clearly shaken badly. It's fucked up man. She said at, so at that point she was like, I'm done. I'm not gonna win up to 15,000 US dollars. I can't do this anymore. I mean, I wonder what the other questions were of that was like, that was the one that was only 15 or $5,000. Yeah. What were the other questions? Who knows? She says at the end, my mother, my father, my brother and sister are the most beautiful things in the world to me. I love them all with all my heart. Brian, forgive me for making you go through this. And as the credits roll, she goes down on her knees before them and begs them for forgiveness.


Her parents, what The fuck? Yeah. Kind of game show is this. Yeah. So the show finally aired on Saturday, July 12th. Huge fucking hit like becomes number one. And she becomes like kind of a celebrity in that world, but not like in a good way. She's just like talk about all the time. And Brian, her boyfriend becomes a public fool. Oh. And the Peru in Peru, like Machoism is such a big thing. And he was humiliating in front of all these people and people, people in this small town recognize him and kind of humiliate him. And he's like, fucking broken. Wait, sorry. But did she get any of that money? Yeah. Okay.


She got all the money. She won what she like, she at least got paid. She stopped. So she stopped after that. True question. Okay. So she was, she wasn't lying about having, had money, had sex for money. So she stopped at basically our equivalent of $5,300. Okay. So he's being followed around by like by the media and being asked all these questions. Someone asked him how he felt about making, being made a fool. And he said, I'm ashamed. All the things I learned on that show, how would you feel? And the news person said, but they say that if you love someone you can forgive them. And he says, depends on what they did, the things she said that day, I can't forgive.


But then in other interviews he says that it had all been a setup that he and Ruth Talia had broken up months before the taping. And she had asked him to pretend to be her boyfriend on TV and that she'd share the money with him. Mm. And he hadn't given her any of the money. So it sounds like he's making this shit up to make himself sound a little bit better. Right? Yeah. 'cause he's so fucking humiliated. Yeah. Eight weeks after the premiere of the show on September 11th, 2012, Ruth Talia disappears. So crazy media circus, all the news programs covered it in Lima. But one of the hosts called her the prostitute of El Valor Dela Verda.


Like she was known as like a whore and nobody cared about it because of that. And her parents had to like begged to get media the attention and get this covered and to try to find their daughter. 11 days after the disappearance, police find a body of a young woman buried in a well and covered by rocks and concrete on a piece of land on the outskirts of Lima. And that land belongs to Brian's uncle. So later that day, Oh my God, this is so fucked up. And there's video of this. So the the, the media and the fa, the mother, I'm sorry, the father and the sister are at the site where they're excavating trying to figure out if it's their, their sister and daughter.


And the dad is on the phone, on his cell phone like crying and it's awful. And it turns out that it is her and he's just like losing it. And if you're sensitive, you shouldn't watch him break the fuck down. Then a reporter and her cameraman go to the home where Vilma the mother is sitting vigil with some of her friends and doesn't yet know that it was her daughter that was found. And the reporter says she gave her her condolences and realized she didn't know about it. And then the reporter said, ma'am, they found your girl. So this fucking reporter told her, which is so ugly. So Brian's brought in for questioning and he confesses, he says that he called Ruth Talia as she was leaving school and they made plans to meet up.


He says, I waited for her by the bridge, she got into my motor taxi and I said, let's go have some wine. She says, okay. And they went to his house, his apartment where that he rented and they had sex. And then afterwards they started to fight and she says, she tells me I don't know what I'm going, what I'm doing with a poor motor taxi driver. And he says, that's when I grabbed her by the throat. And that he admitted that he choked her for 30 seconds or more. And he says, I thought she had passed out. I listened to her heart, I didn't hear anything. I grabbed her and shook her, but nothing I got scared. And during the trial, Brian's lawyer tried to pin the blame on the TV show saying that they had humiliated him.


And so Beto Ortiz, who's one of the most famous television journalists there, they called him to testify. Mm. So it was later found that the majority of his confession was false. And there was a witness who was a young boy from the neighborhood and he said that the night she disappeared, Brian had paid him 50 souls to let him know when Ruth Talia got off the bus. And he said he had seen Brian and another man force her into his motor taxi. And the court determined that Brian's accomplice was his uncle who owned the property where her body was found and the motive was robbery. And they had tried to get Ruth Talia's bank security code so that they can get the winnings from the show Oh.


For themselves. And they were both sentenced to life in prison. So then the second season of El Valor de la Verda was, they only had celebrity contestants because they said they can deal with the media, which is like, how could you even have a fucking second season? But at least that's that. And the, oh, I wanted to say that a lot of this information and it's really hard to find information. I mean there's no, this isn't like a story I've ever heard about before. So the California Sunday magazine by Daniel Ella, er Con, he wrote this really great story about it and that's where I got a lot of this information and then all over the internet as well. That is fucking crazy, dude.


The idea, the idea that that show continued on after the first contestant was murdered. I mean that's intense. Remember when Jenny Jones, the Jenny Jones show that a lot of young people won't remember, it was like one of those like nineties talk shows like Jerry Springer had on like a con, it was like a confession episode of I'm In Love With You. And there a guy brought on his friend and told this guy that he was gay and he was in love with him. Yep. And the guy he told shot and killed him. Yes. I do know that story because my old boss was one of the eps on that show and had to go to court.


That was like a huge scandal at tele pictures. How heartbreaking The company for that. No, it was horrible. And it's that kind of thing of like, what's the line when you're producing tv? Yeah. Everything is two numbers. Who butts in seats, eyes on screens? How do you do a show that's gonna make people watch it? And especially in those days of like the early days of Sprinter. Yeah. And Jenny Jones, all that shit we had hit, Let's just keep going with this. But Also, why did they have a hit? Oh they had a hit because it's a girl who is exposed that it wasn't hit, that's not the baby daddy and blah blah blah. And now they're in a fist fight and all that shit. And like that was the norm. Yeah. So like you had to, you had, they were trying to think of shows and produce shows that were Exploiting people the Most exploitive Well the article and scandalous the article I got a lot of this like basic information from was really interesting.


So the show that this, the, the article of this is from where they talk a lot about the actual show and how much it had to do with it and what like about reality shows in Peru was called the Contestant from California Sunday Magazine. And so they talk a lot about that and it's just like, I mean, who, who would agree to say those things? But if you're in a poor fucking city and you need money, I mean you'll do anything. Exactly. It's total exploitation of people. And and also that is such an ugly version. I think there was an American version of that show and it wasn't on for very long. Oh, I didn't know that. Because You can't, the, the nature of a show like that is, is scandal.


Yeah. So like if people are admitting things that no one gives a shit about and no one wants to talk about. Right. And that aren't, that isn't like borderline, then you don't have a good show. And They're not gonna find someone who's like, no, never had, never got paid for sex. Nope. I work in this place. You know, they find the most desperate. Yes. They're only desperate to have people on there that are going to tell them what they want to hear. Yeah. And, and more so. Yeah. The one of the weirdest things that I ever experienced in working in television is there is this very strange subset of people. And if you work in casting in like any kind of reality version of television, you know, there are people who try to get on every single show.


Yeah. And they're not, it's like, if it's a show about couples, they'll submit for that. If it's a show about, you know what I, whatever the fuck it is, they wanna, they want to be on tv so Matchmaking or whatever the fuck they'll do. Yeah. And they'll try to like, they know TV well enough to know that they have to be interesting in certain personality types and, and because it's a, it is a good way to make money if you, you know, if you're the right person. But obviously, But then don't you just get one chance. Yeah. You would think. But I mean these are people that are just like, well, we'll go over here. Well we'll try to be on the amazing race. Yeah. Well we'll try to be on the marriage ref. Well we try to be on this. And that's what ha when I worked on the second season, the marriage ref, there was this one tape where they were like, brought us down to casting.


'cause they're like, you're never going to believe what you're about to see. And it's like this weird couple that like, it's, there's sexual overtones where you're like, this is, they don't know that this is inappropriate. They're like, this isn't gonna get them. It's just this weird shit. And one of the people in that casting department was like, Oh Yeah, we, we had them, they tried to be on whatever show she had worked on before. Whoa. And it's just like these people that are kind of like, we know we're kind of interesting and kind of weirdos and that that works. Yeah. We're, we're very different and we're wild and let's get on fucking television. People just wanna get on television. Do you see that the real world this season is like, everyone thinks they're just going on the real world, but for each con, each person on the real world, they find their like enemy and they have to live in the house too.


And it's like, this show is interesting enough if you cast it well Right. These people are just gonna make their own fucking, you Can edit it, but then you can come back and say, because no one's watching TV anymore. Yeah. So they don't have good ratings. So it's not interesting enough to make a ratings hit. Yeah. And that's all anybody cares about. And because all of television is owned by like four companies. Yeah. They have this insane grasp on the money. Who gets the money. The story is like nobody has any money, but that's actually not true. They're making millions of dollars. 'cause even in like a depression, people still watch tv. People still, you know, advertising still works, but it's like, it's this, it's really sick and crazy.


That kind of shit where you like that thing where you're watching TV and you're just like, well this doesn't, I don't feel like who I'm seeing is what I'm really seeing. Yeah. So the idea that your story is a better person who actually did the thing, a real person and suffered by it. Yeah. But she, I don't know if she felt, I, it didn't seem like she was so, I mean I guess she, she was kind of embarrassed and stayed at home a lot. But it's like she didn't seem like she was, she seemed like confident about having done it for the right reason or for the reason which was to make her life better even though she like, you know, tore her family apart. Yeah. Well you'd think that, that, that makes your life way worse.


Yeah. Also being murdered. Yeah. I mean that because that shame, shame is the thing people can't deal with. Oh Jesus. No. Shaming people. Especially like you were saying like, like it that culture where men have to be men. You can't come out and be like, eh, Yeah, Yeah. Sometimes I do this. Which is like, you know. Yeah. Not in a judgmental way of that person's lifestyle, but this is like a cultural thing of where women are supposed to be like wives and mothers and especially, and In Peru, I feel like it's, you're not supposed to, that's not, it's like so much less accepted and understood than it is here as it is here.


Well, crazy. Crazy. Right? I mean that's the thing too, when you were saying like, you should, you should watch it 'cause he is all upset or whatever. I would never watch that. No. It bothered me a Lot. I'd never watch that Because the fact that the cops didn't keep him away from the, from the cameras is upsetting. Like his daughter, his other daughter tries to shield his face a couple times, but there's nowhere to turn. Yeah. Like there's cameras on every, on every single angle of this man telling someone on the other line that they found his daughter horrifying. Like there's nowhere for him to go to get out of the fucking, out of the camera.


That's disgusting. It's just really sick and sad. And then the woman who told the mother inadvertently The reporter. Yeah. The reporter. She quit doing news after that. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. There's a thing in this article. She Fucked up someone's life. Yeah. Like to get that story. Or They were like, go talk to her Now go up to the room after she started crying and try to get a conversation with her. And she, and there's like some quotes in her from in this article that's like how awful she felt and that she quit. Yeah. Oh that's, Yeah. No, Yeah. You don't wanna sell your soul for one paycheck. Uhuh one byline. Okay.


Okay. And we are back Georgia. Any updates, anything about this case you can talk about No updates on this case. That is just so sad because like I feel like as I was telling it, you just knew what was going to happen. Yeah. And what a mess was gonna be. And it's just so heartbreaking. I will say though that we mentioned the Jenny Jones show where a romantic confession leads to murder. And I actually go on to cover that case in episode 40, which is called Squad Gords. Yeah. Legend. Which we legend Close To Legend also Daniel Ler Khan who wrote about this case in the California Sunday magazine now teaches at Columbia Journalism School. And in 2021 he was awarded the MacArthur Genius grant. Wow. Which, do you know how hard that is to get?


No, but but it's very hard. You Had to be a genius. So I feel like I can be like, well I knew him first. And that kind of You're a genius. Yeah. That kind of like I'm the genius who like knew that he was a genius. You're a genius spotter. And I think that said, you're like a really good casting person where like they do not get the credit for literally making Right. The movie come together the way it's supposed to come together. Do you know what I love doing though? When actually when I watch a movie is talking over the movie and one of the things I like to do is say, I wonder who auditioned for this part. Yes. I'll like be like, can you imagine so and so in this part it would've been totally different. Yes. You know, Which also was kind of a pointing, we shouldn't be talking about this, but here, this is my sidebar acting class tip. Okay.


That's what people should be thinking about. As a person who was very bad at acting at and auditioning it was because I could not keep my eyes on the prize. Which is you are supposed to be bringing something to the role that makes the role come alive. Oh, you're not supposed to be reciting the word so perfectly. Whatever. Yeah. Like I was always like, Ugh, I'm sweating my upper lip. Is my upper lip sweating or whatever. Where they're like, no, you're supposed to. I saw, I think, Who is she? Who is Pam from the office? Pam. Why is she So Yeah, but like when you see people like Johnny, I saw an audition tape for Johnny Pemberton one time. Oh he's so funny. And it was like a, that guy that was the character Walked in and sat down and was doing stuff and he is like, this is mine. This is me. It's Just brilliant.


Yeah. I can't act for shit. So that's really impressive for me. Yeah. Anyway, let's get into some dark deep shit because this is a famous one and I feel like I've heard about this story. Like I never heard about it when you told it and since you told it. I hear about it all the time. Right? Because it's just brought up a lot because it's so mind-boggling. This is Karen telling the story, the famous story of Dorothea Puente.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of Tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by a local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Dressing. Dressing. Oh, French dressing. Exactly. Oh, that's good.


I'm AJ Jacobs and my current obsession is puzzles. And that has given birth to my podcast The Puzzler. Something about Mary Poppins. Exactly. This is fun. You can get your daily Puzzler nuggets delivered straight to your ears. Listen to The Puzzler every day on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli. The five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my co-host Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title. Leave the Gun, Take the Cannoli Features New and archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Conn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes. That was a real horse's Head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, Take the Cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You ready for your murder? Yes. It's the same one. Yeah. Turns out mine is the, oh shit. I can't think of the, what's the Howie Mandel show with all the suitcases? What Suitcase number seven's That still one? I don't think so. I don't think so either. I was gonna try to make a joke about that but I can't remember what it's called. I can't remember. It's called And I Don Care. What's in the suitcase? What's in the suitcase? You know that show What's in the suitcase? Alright, so I picked my story This week. Actually. My sister suggested this, our number one fan, our newest and number ones fan. And she suggested it because when I was in high school, when I graduated from high school, she had gone to the JC for two years.


So by the time I was ready to go to college she was too. And so we both went to Sac State, which is cute. Sacramento State University was precious. So we live, both live, moved to and lived in Sacramento for like the same amount of time. And I've of course talked massive shit about Sacramento and this podcast. Wonderful things happened there, but not to me. And so near the end of right before I moved back home with my parents as an abject failure in my early twenties, I lived in this house on F Street. And it was in this weird, like sacramento's weird because as you go downtown closer to the capitol, it's like all the old houses, they're old Victorians and stuff.


Yeah. And some of the streets are really gorgeous, but the neighborhood itself is really bad. And it's a very strange combination 'cause it doesn't look like it should be bad. But then there's like we, one night in this apartment across the street, there was an empty lot that people would just dump garbage in. Oh my God. And two homeless people got into a fight and one of them was beating the other one with a vacuum cleaner. What the, that someone had dumped in this empty lot. Oh my God. It was like that kind of area. Yeah. And it was a horrible time in my life. 'cause I had flunked out of college. I think I worked at like two different cafes. So I was making like $5 an hour. I remember those days. And you like you couldn't get any hours. Yeah. So you were just like always just scraping together money.


I remember at one point we would, we would rent a VCR from the video store. We did that when I was a kid too. Yeah. 'cause we didn't have one. Totally. But we'd be like, we, I wanna watch a movie. Oh my God. Totally dark. And then it was also summertime in Sacramento. So it's always 110 degrees. So everything's just awful in a sucky special way. Also at the time, the person I was a roommate, roommates with, she, she had this friend, I think she was from high school and together they were two of the most annoying people. Like I, I'm surprised I didn't try to punch one of them because it was like this obnoxious like, like hard girl act but like, but it was like the the Sacramento version.


Yeah. So there's a country element to it and it was really like just kind of ignorant and rude. Yeah. The kind of girls that are like, I don't get along with other girls. Exactly. Yeah. I only let guys Yeah. Where it's like, well then go fucking hang out with some guys. Yeah. And get away from me. There was, yeah, it was a lot of that kind of stuff where like they'd come home at four in the morning from a club and like knock on the door and be like, let me in. It was just everything was, I was livid. I was either livid or scared to death all the time. Oh my God. So it turns out, come to find out living in this apartment for a little while, that somebody who came over put it together and goes, don't you realize that that is doth two doors down Is Dorothea Puente's house?


Who's Dorothy? A Puente? Well Dorothy a Puentes is the old lady in Sacramento that got caught. She ran a boarding house for old people and like handicapped people. And it turned out, Oh my God, that she had been murdering them. Yeah. She had taking their social security check, taking it across the street to the dive bar. That was so scary. We never even tried to go there. So Dorothy a Puente is basically, I'll tell you, so here's her story. Let's hear it. She had a very sad childhood when she was eight, her father died of tuberculosis and the next year her mother died in a car crash. Fuck. Those are like two of the worst ways to die.


So, so she was in an orphanage for a little while and then eventually she had to go live with family members in Fresno. Oh no. It just gets sad. That's one of the worst places to Live. I mean, so in 1945, when she was 16, she got married for the first time. So she had between 4 19 46 and 1948, she had two daughters. One she went sent to live with relatives in Sacramento and the other one she go up for adoption. Hi. So she was not able to deal with any kind of family situation. Yeah. At all. She's a kid and I think she definitely has some kind of mental disorder as you'll see.


Yeah. So I'm sure she probably had it then being a 16-year-old newlywed mother, I'm, yeah. Who had Had grown up in an orphanage Not good, who Had two huge traumatic experiences when she was young with her parents dying back to back, back to back. So The facts, that husband that married her when she was 16 left her and left her in 1948, like a couple years later. So she started telling people he died of cancer. So Oh no, sorry. Died of a heart attack a couple days after they got married. So it was like even more tragic for Her. Yeah. So she's also in, throughout this, it's like she's basically a compulsive liar.


Yeah. And she started forging checks, which she ends up doing through throughout her life. That's kind of her forte. That's her fav, that's her favorite crime. Such A weird crime. It's super weird. And the funny thing is that they, you get caught and then you get sentenced for like a couple years and you get out because it's nonviolent and it's, I don't know, maybe it's kind of already, so they're like, no, alright. It's such a weird thing. You paid your dues. Like you hear about so many people who are like, they never had a violent offense. They just forged checks. And it's like, well that's, I would never think to do that. It's still a crime. I mean, yeah, You might have great penmanship and all. Sure. But you're still a criminal. In 1960, she ba and then she remarried a Swede named Axel Johansen.


Which fuck got, you know that that was a party. Oh Yeah. Waiting to happen. Oh Yeah, of course. A violent alcoholic. They were married for 14 years and then they ended it. And then eight years late, or sorry, during that marriage, two years before she got divorced, she was arrested in a brothel. She told the cops that she was there visiting a friend. We don't know what is true about that. One of the articles I read said that she ran the brothel. Oh fuck. But it seems more likely since she only, she was arrested and served 90 days. I think she was probably just there either visiting her friend or visiting some friends.


Whatever you might do. Yeah. Running a brothel ain't an easy task. That's a big Job. And you don't just, you don't just bail. No. At the first arrest. So what she ended up doing is going into, she became a nurse's aide and she started caring for the disabled and the elder elderly in private homes. Well, so she turned her life around. Well you would like to think that end of story. Yeah. End of story. So in 1982, so she did that for a while. In 1982, her 61-year-old friend and business partner, Ruth Monroe, who was living in do So Dorothea had this house on F Street is this big Victorian two doors down From Karen kill two, Two doors down from the future miserable home of miserable Karen Kilgar.


So there was an upstairs apartment that she would rent out. So she rented it out to Ruth Monroe and there were business partners, which I guess means that they were working together, taking care of old people and disabled people in private homes. Okay. But Ruth died from an overdose of codeine, codeine and acetaminophen. And Dorothea told the police that Ruth was very depressed because her husband was terminally ill. So they rule ruled Ruth's death a suicide. But then a few weeks later, the police had to come back because a a 74-year-old pensioner named Malcolm McKenzie had accused Dorothea of drugging and stealing from him.


Whoa. So he had gone to the police and said that he had met Dorothy at a local bar called The Zebra Club Uhoh, and that they had several drinks together, which I bet mi means in the fifteens. Then he invites her back to his apartment, and soon after they arrive, he gets dizzy. And even though he's conscious he can't move, and he has to sit and watch as she searches his house for valuables, takes his rare penny collection and forces the diamond ring off his finger. Rare Penny. Can we go back to rare penny collection? And I mean, how fucking cool that is? Yeah. You know, it was like in a cardboard book like this with all the years under beautiful, underneath the slots.


That makes me happy. What's that? But Well, so she gets convicted of three charges of theft in on August 18th, 1982, and she gets sentenced to five years in jail for, for that. Wow. What happened to the rare penny collection? I, I, we haven't been able to trace it. So we are starting a foundation called Find the rare pennies.gov.org. So she's in jail. Okay. And She starts being pen pals with a retiree, a 77-year-old retiree named Everson Gill Mouth, and they become friends through the mail.


And when she's released in 1985, after only serving three years, he was there waiting for her to pick her up from jail in his 1980 Red Ford pickup. And everything was okay And everything turned great. So soon they were making wedding plans and they opened a joint bank account. Nope. And they were, they were back in her house in Sacramento. They now we're cutting to five years later, Dorothea hires a handyman to come and put in some wood paneling in her apartment. And for that work, plus he paid her an additional $800. She gave him a red 19 88, 19 80 Ford pickup that was in good condition, almost totally not used, which she said had belonged to her ex-boyfriend who lived in Los Angeles.


Yeah. Where'd she get that? So she asks this handyman that she hires to build her a six by three by two foot box for her to store, you know, books and stuff As you do in a fucking coffin. Yeah. A box. A box that you wanna store stuff in. And then she asks them, once she fills it with her books, I'm doing air quotes, you can't see, she says, I can see you. Please take this to my storage depot. And he agrees. And she goes with him. And then on the way she has him pull over and just has him dump it on a river bank.


Oh, Yeah. At a kind of unofficial dump site. Which, fuck, fuck these books. It sounds unlikely. But again, we did have an unofficial dump site across from our apartment, Right. Where you put coffin shaped boxes Yes. Books, you know, or, or beat another person with a vacuum cleaner, whatever needs to happen. So the, a lot of dumping going on up in Sacramentos and Sutter County shit. So, so they dumped that and, oh, she just told him the stuff in the, in the box was junk. Well, on January 1st, 1986, a fisherman spots the box and it's sitting three feet from the bank of the river.


So he calls the police and they open the box and find a badly decomposed unidentifiable body of an elderly man inside. Well, it turns out that Dorothy was still collecting Everson Gil Mouth's pension. And she would write letters to his family explaining that he hadn't contacted them because he was ill. And So he was basically one of her first victims. Now this was now a, she was renting this apartment all the time. This was her business. And she had 40 new tenants in Holy in the house. Holy shit. In the whole house.


She was actually approached, approached by a social worker named Peggy Nickerson. She approached the, the social worker and just explained to her, just So you know, if people on fixed incomes, people on social security, elderly people, you can, they can come and stay in my boarding house. Everyone's welcome. Yep. Because she had the best system to offer. Her prices were really low. And she took, quote unquote, took care of the people that worked, that lived there, because people Are nice. She made dinner every night. She had everybody come down and sit at dinner together. You know, she like made sure there were people that stayed there that were homeless or like, had mental problems. Yeah. She made sure they showered and clipped their nails and, you know, I wish it was Real.


If it was real. That'd be so beautiful. I mean, yeah. Right. That's the, that's the whole lure of it, is people need that kind of care. And she's saying that she's going to be able to provide that for them. So, sorry, I keep making that mistake. So she, she also, she was known for taking tough cases. Like all the social workers were like you. If it's a person that can't get placed anywhere, you can take them to Dorothy's, she will take them in. And she collected their monthly mail before they saw it.


She paid them in stipends, and then she pocketed the rest of their, like, social security check or whatever their check was. Fuck man for expenses, quote unquote, You gotta fucking dean. So parole agents would go to visit her, and she had been ordered to stay away from the elderly and what to refrain from handling government checks. Oh my God. But no violations were ever noted. And they think it's because she was known in like social welfare circles as being so good. Yeah. That they would go in and check and be like, you can't be around old people. You can't stay away from social security checks. But nothing official would ever go in.


Yeah. Well, in May of 1988, neighbors started complaining of a sickly sweet smell. So she blamed the aroma on applications of fish. Emulsion on her, on her perfectly tended lawn. And per tended to the point where if people walked on her lawn, she would scream at them and swear like a sailor. Oh, fucking get it. So she was very protective of her lawn, and she did a lot of gardening. Oh, got it. So, so there was a man that stayed at the house and, and people around the neighborhood knew him as chief. He was schizophrenic and he was an alcoholic and he was homeless. Well, he went and stayed with Dorothea.


She made him her handyman and she cleaned him all up. Made, made sure that he took a shower all the time, like made him presentable, made him come and eat dinner with everybody. Made him take his, his anti-psychotic medication or his meds. So she had him digging in the basement and carting soil and rubbish away with a, a wheelbarrow. And he basically, there was a concrete slab on her basement floor. He was basically digging up the basement floor. Mm. What do you need it for? Sofia? So he soon afterwards disappeared. And so when there was an, a second tenant disappeared, a DA developmentally disabled man who had schizophrenia.


When his social worker reported him missing, his name was Alberta Montoya, the police came and realized this is this, this keeps happening here. So they were looking around and they noticed in the backyard there was, there was some ground that was, had been recently disturbed. So these investigators went to the car, got this shovels that were in their car, and they started digging and quickly turned up what looked like shreds of cloth and beef jerky. Oh God. Is the report. Ew. And so as they're trying to, that's on my lunch list, find out what's under there.


One of the investigators said that he thought that he hit a tree root. And So he was whacking at it and jabbing at it with the shovel and it wouldn't move. So he decides to climb down into the hole where that they had dug up to get to pull it out. And he wrapped his hands around it, braced himself, started pulling, and it broke loose. And it was a, a leg bone. Okay. Out of the socket. They had to, they had to suspect that at that point or they wouldn't have been digging. Right. Yes. So why are you fucking yanking bump? He thought it was a tree Root. Come on though. Like, you're looking for Bodies. Well, but if it's, well, but I mean, they're looking, but a tree root is the most likely thing that's gonna be there.


Okay. So if they, I'm sure that they've done stuff like that before and it's like, yeah. I mean that, that would be there. Get this outta the way 20% of the time. But most of the time it's that. Okay. And also I think when bodies that aren't, that are buried just straight into the ground, they turned black and brown. Oh. So it would've probably looked like a tree root too. Oh. So then they start digging up her whole backyard. Holy shit. And oh, she came out when he was down in the hole and he had this bone. She came out and when they turned around, they were like, we just found a human bone. She did. They said they, she did this thing where she slapped her hands on her face, like really over the top.


And in like, trying to act like she was surprised and they immediately were like, there's something going on. Oh no. Like, that's the weirdest reaction. Like Straight up home alone style. Home alone style. Exactly. That's where they got that from. And apparently Neighbors said that she always talked about wanting to be an actress and planning on moving to Los Angeles. Oh, she's a Bad actress, I guess. Y Yeah. Yeah. She needed to take some classes. So this body that they eventually dug up was a woman named Leona Carpenter, who was 78 years old and one of her very Dorothy's very first victims Hmm. That stayed in that house.


They basically had the coroner's office came in with heavy machinery and a whole work crew and just started and forensic anthropologists and started digging up this entire backyard. And that I've seen the news footage that's basically taken from the angle of, because it couldn't get in. Yeah. So it's basically taken from our back porch. Holy Shit. I mean, not literally, I don't know. 'cause it was 1988, but they, they shot it over the fence. Oh. I don wanna see it. And you see these cops walking around and the, it's just like the, you see a lot of sheets and like the, when they put out the string and the stakes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Love, you know, like, this will be the next area.


Oh my God. It's so crazy. I don wanna see it. So since Dorothy Puentes wasn't immediately Puentes singular, wasn't immediately a suspect. What she, I mean, like they didn't when they were doing that first digging Yeah. It wasn't like keep her right there. Yeah. Yeah. So she said she was gonna go get a cup of coffee at the hotel up the street while they were doing that. And then she fucking hightails it to Los Angeles. Well, Now they know it's you, dude. Yeah. But she, I mean, she left. Yeah. So she thought she was out of there. Yeah. And she and she didn't think they were onto her. Yeah. The way that they were. So when she gets to Los Angeles, she goes to a bar and she starts making friends with an old pensioner, God it, who's sitting at the bar.


She introduced herself as, I think it was Donna Johansen. What bar Do we know? It didn't. Oh God. I wish it how great the articles I read didn't say it's Gotta be something that we know. It's something divy. Yeah. Maybe the frolic room. Frolic Room for That's exactly what I was thinking. Yeah. But luckily this old pension nerd probably been sitting at the bar watching the news a bunch for 50 years. Recognized her from the news No. And called the cops. Good job. So they got her down in LA and brought her back up. Eventually seven bodies were found buried in her backyard. Wow. She was charged with a total of nine murders because they, they traced back the apparent, the apparent suicide of her old of Ruth Monroe.


Yeah. And then The other guy, The other, the missing guy chief. Oh man. Do you think that grand, the grandpa at the frolic room got a, a reward? I don't know. I bet he did. Here's what's interesting. When detectives were in that backyard, they realized that they were only blocks away from the home of serial killer Moore Solomon, where they had dug up from that house, a bunch of dead bodies in 1987. Who's He? I don't know him. I have never heard of him either. Whoa. And Sacramento. I just gotta say, I mean, like, I talked about it, I've complained about it, but like, I must be a little bit right.


Because we've already had, I think four serial killers from Sacramento. Yeah. On this show alone. No, It's chockfull of murders. It's nutso. So basically at the end of the day, she went to trial in February, 1993. She was convicted of three murders, sentenced to two life sentences, received life without the possibility of parole. She went to Chow Chilla, the lady's facility. She always said that all those people died of natural causes and she just buried them there.


And that she herself at age 82, March 27th, 2011, died of natural causes in prison. Wow. Yeah. That's our girl Girl. Dorothea, that's Our hometown girl. She would take their checks, walk across the street to that dive bar and get her money. They cash Checks at dive bars. They cash checks at they, there's Oh, Yeah. Certain bars That are so divey they will cash her social security check for You. Right. So like their like second Friday of every month is like huge. You gotta get a couple bartenders on staff. That's Right. Because, well, and also it's Sacramento. The, like, literally the state capitol was blocks away. So they know they're getting their money if it's a government check Yeah.


They know that thing is good. So they don't, if it's that little old lady that runs the boarding house, of course they're gonna do her a favor. She brings everyone over and she takes her portion and then's she gives It to them. That's right. She's so nice. She's taking care of all those people inside that building a Sink. God, what did it smell like in that fucking building? Ooh, in that dive bar too. I mean, the whole block carpet. I bet it was carpeted That house? No, the dive bar. Oh yes, for sure. Like dark maroon. Yeah, Like thin, dark maroon, like bowling alley carpet. I bet they had like a a, it was a pretty small And they had a pool table that was too close to one wall. Yes. So then they had to cut a pool queue in half. So you, So you could shoot from that side of the table.


I, is that What they do? I've never seen that. I've seen it in dive bars. I Guess I have not been in like real dive bars. Then You gotta become a full blown alcoholic. It is so fun. I went to one full blown, like, real, real dive bar in Savannah, Georgia, but like on the outskirts of it. And I was like, oh, this isn't an charming la dive bar. There's a confederate flag on the wall. Yeah, I know. And I'm the only Jew who's ever been in here. And I just That's right. Fucking left. They should have taken your picture and put it up behind the bar. That was terrifying. Wow. Yeah. It's so Sad. I mean, it's crazy. And when yous when you saw her on the news, like she was on the news all the time.


I don wanna see her picture. I totally remember it. She looks like a cartoon of a little old lady. No. Like, not even Big glasses. She's really short gray hair. The whole thing. You would never think how, how did She kill everyone? Just she just poison them or drug them Poison. I, I mean, I think so. Wow. Yeah. Oh man. Well that's fucked up. Pretty fucked Up. Okay, so now we're ending the show on, we're ending on a positive now. That's right. One really great thing that happened to us this past week. Right, right. So, do you have yours? Do you have yours? Sure. A really great thing is that I hung out Sunday evening with a girlfriend that I, I like a lot and we've gotten to know each other a lot, but we like had this great deep conver like we hang out with a lot of people together.


Her name's Crystal. But she and I sat at a bar and just fucking talked and we're like, I'm not very happy. And just like, we're very open with each other in a way that's like hard to do find when you're an adult is someone to like, be really open with and, and just, you know, who understands you and you guys can get each other. And that's, that's hard to do. And we just had this really great conversation and I had a lot better after it and kind of feel like I've made a, a friend Oh, nice. That I don have for a long time. It's a kind of a, a deeper connection. And it was nice. That's great. Yeah. That's very good. It's yours. It's all that matters. Yeah. They say in human connection is really, it's nothing else makes people actually happy except for connecting with other human beings.


Really? Yeah. Well, shit, I guess mine is that I don't, well I don't know if I'm allowed to talk about that. 'cause it's, it sucks because all I've been doing is working. Yeah. So all, most of mine are work based, which is a little bit lame, but, well, you know what? I'll, I can, it's Okay. You're proud of yourself. Yeah, yeah. No, yeah. You just can't. But I mean, it's like when you have one thing to talk about, whereas people are like, Hey, what's up with you? It's like, just don't bother asking. It doesn't matter. But there's a guy that's a guest star, I guess I just won't say his name. And then when, when the show's actually on, I can say it. Yeah. But he's on my episode and he's so funny.


It's like the most delightful thing in the world. I mean, everybody on this show is really good. Yeah. And I'm very excited for this show to come out. 'cause I think people are really gonna like it. But this one guy is hilarious and he looks like the guy that I adored in high school. Oh. So it makes it even more fun to watch him. 'cause it's like a, almost looks like a weird mix. Like a mashup. Like You're rooting for him already person because you loved in High school. Yes. But then on top of that, it's the kind of thing where you can't, it's like single camera. Like you can't laugh out loud when things are happening. Yeah. 'cause it, they need like perfect quiet. Oh my God. And I have to keep my hand over my mouth. He's so funny. Wow. And that's the shit you've written too. Yeah. Some of it. Yeah. I mean, some of it.


But, but at one point I went up, I had to finally introduce myself 'cause I was actually n he was so funny that I was nervous to, I didn't wanna be like, Hey, what's up on the right? Or whatever. I was just kind of like trying to stay away. And when I finally did go up to introduce myself, I said, I, in my head I thought I was gonna say, you know, like, you're great or today's been so great, or something like that. But what came out was, you're being so funny. And the second, the last word of that sentence came outta my mouth. I just turned and walked away because I was just like, I, hopefully I just won't have to talk to him Before. I can't wait till this cuts. And I get, find out who it is.


Yes. It's, I mean, it's not, some people may have seen him before, but it's not, he's not well known. Okay. I don if you're like, I'm not telling you until it airs, either. You won't tell me. Yeah. We'll keep it a, a huge secret until next spring because it's a mid-season replacement. Well, thanks for listening you guys. This is, oh, we never introduced what the show was. This is Oh no one knows. No one know. Oh, that's too bad. This Is My favorite Murder. This is what the fuck with Mark Maron. Thanks for Listening. And I'm Maron. Go to Twitter. My favorite murder. Instagram. My favorite murder. We're on Facebook at MFM podcast. Our shirts, My favorite Murder shirts.com.


Everything. Thank you so much for listening and supporting and being active involved people. We love it. It's very fun. You Guys are the best. And this is so great. Stay sexy. Don't get murdered. Elvis. You want a cookie? Want a cookie? Awesome. The answer's yes. Okay. We are back from your story. Karen, any updates on Dorothea Puente? Well, I do have an update, which is that I'm blown away that I started this by saying that my sister is the show's newest listener and number one fan. And she's the one that suggested this story.


Yeah. My sister has never listened to this podcast. Really? No, Not once. I think She used to listen in the beginning when we were just chatting. Okay. But she has so much anxiety, she cannot listen to true crime. Yeah. Like she can't do it. And so that's just really funny. 'cause there's like, I will have full conversations with multiple people and she'll just be sitting there like smiling where I'm like, you could get in here. You could support me at any time. No, thank you. She's like, that's, I know you's firm. No. Yeah. I'll never give you that satisfaction ultimately. Right. The other one is that I just wanna update this for my own credit. Okay. When I was talking about the person that I was working with on the show that I was working with, and I had to keep my mouth covered because he was so funny that I didn't want, you can't laugh out loud on set.


Obviously that whole story was about Tim Robinson from I think you should leave. Oh My God. And what show was it? It was the show called Making History. I think there was only five episodes on. That's right. It was very, very short run. I was lucky enough to be the writer on the episode where he showed up as Al Capone. Oh Wow. Oh my God. And it was a true hang with Tim Robinson before I think you should leave came out. Yeah. So You were probably also covering your mouth because you hadn't had your teeth fixed yet. Remember that? I was very like demure. Yeah. A demure giggler. 'cause my teeth were insane Irish teeth. How crazy is that? That like, your life is so different now because you have these beautiful pearly whites.


I can't wait to see Tim Robinson again and Show him to be Like, look at these motherfuckers. Look at my GFA now at Big fan. Big fan. Okay. So, but then there are also case updates. Okay. So for the Dorothea Puente case, which will is kind of my college hometown, it was a real joy. And that conversation went on forever on Twitter. Like people from Sacramento being like, why do you have to be like this to us? And you know, there was a lot of motion. That Was where the beef from Sacramento started, I think. Yeah. Yeah. I started and ended that beef all all by myself. And people in Sacramento are like, we don't care about you. Shut up. So in 2010, Dorothea Puente's house was sold at an auction. So this was the house, a boarding house where she was killing the borders and taking their social security checks and cashing them across the street at the Ous bar my eyes have ever set their eyes upon.


Amazing. The house was sold at auction for $226,000. Wow. 2010 still. That's A, that still sounds cheap. It's a bargain. Yeah. According to the Sacramento Bee, the couple who purchased it outbid one other contestant in a packed room. Oh. And everyone was like, stay away from them. Yeah. They're like, So you do want the house where the bodies were buried in the Backyard. You're gonna fight someone over winning it Over living in a haunted house. Oh my God. So today the homeowners lean into the house's macab history and there's, you know, they basically have made it a little bit of a museum. There's frame photographs on the wall documenting Puente's history there.


There's like a mannequin that looks like her on the front porch. I've seen that. Yeah. But the owners are very clear. They think she obviously was an awful, horrible person. Yeah. But it's like people are gonna, They're gonna come by. They're gonna come by. Yeah. I like that. They're like, look, we know this is weird and we're gonna go with it. Instead of like, just pretending everything is fine, la la la. Right. You Know, because you can't have a story like that. And I think that was, you know, obviously what I was talking about when I told it, where it's just like, we always hear those kinds of horror stories, but when it's two doors down, right. Like when these things happen, the block is affected. The neighbors are affected. Definitely. They're, they're the price of their homes are affected.


Yeah. That's like I saw recently, like a whole slideshow on Instagram of this person going like house to house in LA of like the Brady Bunch house, the ET house, the Wonder Years House. And you know, people in that neighborhood have to get so sick of that. Probably. And I wonder if, I don't think I'd move into a house that people would be taking photos in front of all the time. I Don't think so. I don wouldn't want to unless The windows were all in the back. Right. And it was really cheap. In which case this was so good. Good For them. I mean, and I think it's a great area. I think now it's even better area. Yeah. Good for them. Yeah. All right, let's stop talking about ourselves. Let's stop talking about ourselves through Dorothea Puente.


Yeah. And instead rename this episode. I love Liminal Space though by the idea of it is fun, but if we were naming it today, perhaps we would call this episode back from camp because that's what we had joked about in the beginning. Oh, right. So back from camp. Yeah. We're going to the normal format that bought me these teeth. Yeah. Or we could rename it. Daddy wants to come home, which is what I said to you when I was complaining about having two jobs and wishing I had more time for this podcast. You're gonna have more time for this job and it's going to be the most time consuming job you've ever like, more than having three jobs at once. It turns out true. Right. So true.


I have, I had to hire people to help me live the rest of my life. Yeah. So I could get this stuff done. Totally. It's not, I ha I wanna warn her. It's not gonna get better. Oh, she knows. She can feel it in her bones. She'll have the money for new teeth. So that's really the, Here's the Yeah. The teeth have always been the goal. Yeah. Huge piece of Dorito in the corner of my mouth. But I had to say this and I'm, I hope, and I'm pretty sure you feel the same exact way, what an insanely rewarding experience like all of it has been. But to now have a job on par with the job I used to have for a different person. All of the energy, all of the creative ideas, all of the everything getting poured into somebody else that just walks away like right here's my thing, which is what a writer does for a living.


Yeah. That is what you agree to. But to sit there kind of broken hearted, like, I wish it could have been me. Yeah. And then now to be here, You're hustling for yourself. It makes it like truly a lovely, joyous thing. And then to be able to hire people that it's like, yeah, let's not hire the people we've worked with in the past that have permanently traumatized us. Yeah. Let's give the jobs to the people who are like other versions of ourselves. Right. People that you know, like Danielle Kramer, who is Georgia's recommendation, knowing her from like Meltdown Yeah. Is our COO and like couldn't have been a better match. It's like, And we want her to not feel like she's hustling for someone else and it's like fucking she hates it.


Yeah. We want it to be like fun for her and to feel like she's getting something out of it. Yeah. That it's bigger than just like this fucking guy is walking away. We wanna control her and everyone else's around us' feelings. And we're going to, and we do and we will. And thank you for listening And yours too. And stay sexy and Don't get murdered. Go Goodbye. Goodbye Elvis. Do you want a cookie?


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra, and experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment by a Tundra or Tacoma today. Visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


Oh Oh oh O'Reilly. Check engine light on. Take the guesswork out of your check engine light with O'Reilly Vera Scan it's free and provides a report with solutions based on over 650 million vehicle scans. Verified by a SE certified Master Technicians. And if you need help, we can recommend a shop for you. Ask for O'Reilly Vera Scan today. Oh, O'Reilly Auto Parts.


I'm Mary Kay McBrayer, host of the podcast, the greatest True Crime stories ever told. Join me every week as I tell some of the most enthralling true crime stories about women who are not just victims, but heroes or villains, or often somewhere in between. Listen to the greatest true crime stories ever told on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.